1,300-year-old bones may reveal secrets of pre-Incan society
Archaeologists are excited at finding the remains of two adults and a baby from a civilization that flourished in Lima from A.D. 100 to 650.
ADA, OK - Ada High School is synonymous with football success.
They have 19 state titles, but the last one came in 1996, so it is understandable that the number 20 means some special to the 2017 Cougars.
“We always try to be perfect in everything that we do and number 20, we are trying to put that up there on the board. That's what the seniors want, and that's what everyone in the lower classes want, we want that number 20,” said senior Kylen Cooper.
“For me personally it means a lot because all of my family went here. My uncle actually has a state championship in football. I mean 20, it drives us a lot,” said senior Jackson Mcfarlane.
“Making sure that those details are taken care of, just like they were in those 19 state championships, taking care of everyday and those championships that you are talking about will just take care of themselves,” said Head Coach Chris Berus.
Before Ada can get that illusive number 20 they will take on rival Ardmore in week 1, something Ada football players look forward to from their youth football days.
“When you go to Ada you always go for the Ardmore no more game. That's the first game where you really see what's going on,” said Mcfarlane.
“Everybody talks about it, a lot of people always go to the first game and that just puts us at a high standard for the whole season. We're going to put points on the board, they're going to put points on the board, but it's going to be a good game,” said Cooper.
The Battle of the Cats will be played at East Central University on September 1st.
Los Angeles Angels startrt Matt Shoemaker watches a pitch to the New York Yankees during the second inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Anaheim, Calif. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong) ORG XMIT: ANS106
Los Angeles Angels' Andrelton Simmons stops a ground-ball single by New York Yankees' Brett Gardner during the seventh inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Anaheim, Calif. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong) ORG XMIT: ANS118
New York Yankees' Gary Sanchez, right, celebrates his three-run home run with third base coach Joe Espada during the first inning of the team's baseball game against the Los Angeles Angels, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Anaheim, Calif. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong) ORG XMIT: ANS104
New York Yankees starting pitcher Michael Pineda throws to a Los Angeles Angels batter during the second inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Anaheim, Calif. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong) ORG XMIT: ANS105
New York Yankees' Aaron Judge runs to first base after hitting a fly ball during the third inning of a baseball game against the Los Angeles Angels, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Anaheim, Calif. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong) ORG XMIT: NYOTK
Los Angeles Angels' Eric Young Jr. hits a RBI single during the third inning of a baseball game against the New York Yankees, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Anaheim, Calif. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong) ORG XMIT: NYOTK
Los Angeles Angels' Eric Young Jr. watches an RBI single during the third inning of the team's baseball game against the New York Yankees, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Anaheim, Calif. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong) ORG XMIT: ANS107
New York Yankees starting pitcher Michael Pineda walks back the mound after throwing a wild pitch allowing Los Angeles Angels' Albert Pujols to score during the third inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Anaheim, Calif. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong) ORG XMIT: ANS108
Los Angeles Angels' Danny Espinosa, right, leaps to avoid a collision with New York Yankees' Gary Sanchez, who was doubled off second on an unassisted double play by Espinosa on a liner by Rob Refsnyder during the fourth inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Anaheim, Calif. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong) ORG XMIT: ANS109
New York Yankees' Aaron Judge walks through the dugout during the third inning of the team's baseball game against the Los Angeles Angels, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Anaheim, Calif. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong) ORG XMIT: ANS110
Los Angeles Angels' Andrelton Simmons, left, scores past New York Yankees catcher Gary Sanchez during the third inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Anaheim, Calif. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong) ORG XMIT: ANS111
New York Yankees' Aaron Judge, left, is tagged out by Los Angeles Angels catcher Juan Graterol during the fifth inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Anaheim, Calif. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong) ORG XMIT: ANS112
New York Yankees' Aaron Judge slides past home plate after he was tagged out by Los Angeles Angels catcher Juan Graterol trying to score on a single hit by Starlin Castro during the fifth inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Anaheim, Calif. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong) ORG XMIT: NYOTK
New York Yankees' Aaron Judge kneels near home plate after he was tagged out by Los Angeles Angels catcher Juan Graterol while trying to score on a single by Starlin Castro during the fifth inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Anaheim, Calif. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong) ORG XMIT: ANS114
Los Angeles Angels' Danny Espinosa, left, chases New York Yankees' Chase Headley before tagging him out during the sixth inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Anaheim, Calif. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong) ORG XMIT: ANS115
New York Yankees' Chase Headley watches his RBI single during the sixth inning of a baseball game against the Los Angeles Angels, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Anaheim, Calif. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong) ORG XMIT: ANS116
New York Yankees' Starlin Castro reacts after striking out during the seventh inning of the team's baseball game against the Los Angeles Angels, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Anaheim, Calif. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong) ORG XMIT: ANS118
Los Angeles Angels' Andrelton Simmons, center, celebrates his two-run home run with Luis Valbuena as New York Yankees catcher Gary Sanchez, right, waits during the seventh inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Anaheim, Calif. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong) ORG XMIT: ANS119
Los Angeles Angels' Andrelton Simmons, left, celebrates his two-run home run with Eric Young Jr. during the seventh inning of the team's baseball game against the New York Yankees, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Anaheim, Calif. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong) ORG XMIT: ANS120
Los Angeles Angels' Andrelton Simmons points upward after hitting a two-run home run during the seventh inning of the team's baseball game against the New York Yankees, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Anaheim, Calif. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong) ORG XMIT: ANS121
Los Angeles Angels' Kole Calhoun catches the ball hit by New York Yankees' Aaron Hicks during the ninth inning of a baseball game, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Anaheim, Calif. It was ruled a double after video review. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong) ORG XMIT: ANS122
ANAHEIM — The Angels' 7-5 victory over the New York Yankees on Wednesday was chock full of everything that has defined this team so far this year.
There were clutch hits, none bigger than Andrelton Simmons' tie-breaking two-run homer in the seventh, and great defensive plays and impressive bullpen work from two unheralded pitchers.
And, of course, there was a pitching injury.
Matt Shoemaker left the game in the fourth inning with tightness in his forearm. Shoemaker said he's not concerned, and he'll be re-evaluated in the coming days. He said he's not sure if he'll even need an MRI.
Related Articles On deck: Royals at Angels, Thursday, 7 p.m.
Angels Notes: Cam Bedrosian feels almost ready to return
Miller: Angels treading water despite a boatload of holes “I'm really annoyed and frustrated by it because I wanted to go out and pitch and help our team win,” Shoemaker said. “I'm not really concerned about it at all. We're going to see the next couple days how it reacts. It should be fine.”
The Angels announced that tightness was in Shoemaker's extensor muscle, which is on top of the forearm. Shoemaker said doctors told him that's the better side to have tightness, because it's less likely to be related to an elbow injury. When he was shut down at the end of the 2015 season, the tightness was on the other side of his forearm.
Shoemaker said he felt some tightness after his last start, but it had subsided by Tuesday. And he felt fine in the first inning — notwithstanding a hanging slider that Gary Sanchez blasted for a three-run homer — but then it got worse.
His fastball dipped slightly over the next three innings. Although he was getting outs, he knew something was wrong.
“In the second, third, fourth innings, I just felt some tightness on some pitches,” he said. “I don't know what (the velocity) was, but I knew my fastball was coming out different. I could tell.”
So after Shoemaker gave up back-to-back hits to start the fourth, the Angels summoned trainer Eric Munson to the mound. He returned to the dugout, with Shoemaker.
Shoemaker was particularly frustrated to leave the game at that point because the Angels had just rallied erase that early 4-0 deficit, taking a 5-4 lead.
The list of heroes that maneuvered the game from there until the final out — final outs, to be precise — was a long one.
Eric Young Jr. had two more hits, including an RBI single to snap a 4-4 tie in the bottom of the third. It came a night after he had driven in the tying and winning runs. Young also threw out a runner at the plate, preserving the lead, and made a diving catch, preserving a tie.
Simmons belted a two-run homer in the seventh. His seventh homer of the season was the most memorable, something of a tribute to Adrian Beltre, whose signature is the rib-jarring swing that leaves him on one knee.
Asked if he'd ever hit a homer from one knee like that, Simmons said: “Maybe softball. Not baseball. I was on it the whole way. It kept going lower. I didn't want to pull off. The videos of Beltre kind of helped.”
Simmons' homer got the Angels another lead on a night that relievers Parker Bridwell and Blake Parker had carried the team through the middle innings. Bridwell took over after Shoemaker left and got through 3-2/3 innings, allowing just an unearned run. He was rewarded for his work with a ticket back to Triple-A, because his 56 pitches would have rendered him unavailable for a few days.
Parker took over in the seventh, striking out Starlin Castro with two runners on to keep the score tied, 5-5.
“Those two guys were sensational,” Manager Mike Scioscia said. “The biggest out of the game was Castro in the seventh. Blake Parker just keeps answering the bell and making pitches. He's been a huge part of our bullpen.”
After Parker got four outs, David Hernandez worked the ninth, with closer Bud Norris having pitched three days in a row. Hernandez got the first two outs without incident, and then Aaron Hicks blasted a ball to the fence in right.
Kole Calhoun leapt and appeared to come down with the catch, setting off the fireworks and the handshakes. The Yankees challenged, though. After a review, umpires ruled the ball touched the fence, so Hicks was awarded a double.
That brought up none other than Aaron Judge, the best hitter in the league so far this year, representing the tying run.
Hernandez got him on a groundout, and the Angels celebrated again.
They have won three series in a row, including the last two against the first-place Houston Astros and Yankees. The manner in which they won this game, against a good team, is what left Shoemaker feeling better about his own situation.
“That,” Shoemaker said, “is why I love this team.”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
OLATHE, Kan. -- Some perfect plays aren't measured on a football scoreboard.
Take, for instance, the one being shown over an ongoing season at Olathe East High School. One of the Hawks stars on special teams is experiencing a shower of support. He's needed it, after a heartache no young person should experience.
No prompting is needed for Taylor Walker to snap into action, or to make others laugh, as seen at a recent student assembly at OEHS, where Walker and his football teammates performed a group dance number that had their fellow students giggling.
However, since last November, Walker's Hawk teammates have been keeping his spirits high. On August 30th, Walker's mother, Stacy Walker, passed away, having fought stage four colon cancer for most of a year. Taylor, a junior at OEHS, was there, as his mother sought treatment at M.D. Anderson Cancer Center in Houston, while maintaining her sunny personality.
"My mom's just like me. She's strong. She likes talking to people," Taylor Walker said on Thursday.
"She was in the hospital for a while. It was a major surgery. She had the scars all up and down. They took a lot of stuff out."
Stacy Walker passed just before the Hawks second game of the season, a meeting with crosstown rival Olathe North. Taylor decided he wanted to play on, refusing to miss a game while he mourned his mother's loss.
"As best he could, while his eyes were tearing up, he kind of smiled and said, 'This is something I want to do. And that I need to do." In typical Taylor fashion," Jesse Owen, Olathe East head coach, said.
"I thought it would be best to play and get my mind off it and be with my friends," Walker told FOX 4 News.
Walker, the Hawks junior long snapper, says his teammates have comforted him countless times since his mother's passing, proving how much they value him.
"We care for him as a brother and we don't want him to be left in the cold and feel that he doesn't get the love from us that he deserves. We would hope he would give that to us if he needed it too," Ryan Brockschmidt, Hawks middle linebacker, said.
"My friends are usually who I go to. They mean the world to me," Walker said.
Walker says he also has a brother who attends Kansas State University. He says the boys and their dad are trying to get back to normal, but they miss their mother and wife very much.
Olathe East lost to Shawnee Mission East on Friday night 43-14. The Lancers (5-1) will face Lawrence High on Thursday, October 12th. The Hawks (3-3) meet Lawrence Free State on Friday, October 13th.
Daphne's world turned upside down when she was torn from everything she knew and loved. Caught in the unspeakable predilections of a nameless man, she wanted to end it all, but instead fell into the hands of a young doctor who understood her.
His past too, was met with destruction. He was able to help Daphne recover memories that she had blocked. As a result of his counsel, Daphne's life thrived while the doctor's fell apart. However, a supernatural revelation would soon fall upon him through the young lady he embraced some years ago.
So goes “Revelation at Cliff House” by California native Cynthia M. Lombard.
The book was inspired by personal events in the author's life.
“My book was inspired when I realized my purpose in life,” Lombard said. “When I realized all the emotional trauma, physical and sexual abuse I endured was to help others who may be going through the same things silently.”
“Revelation at Cliff House” is described as an anointed novel that will keep readers hooked from cover to cover through the shocking twists and unexplainable events that occur. The story of both Daphne and the doctor is meant to teach that one's path will not define one's future, the author said.
Lombard's book is meant to reach a wide audience.
“Everybody can see themselves or someone they know in Daphne's story,” Lombard said.
She hopes readers will “understand the power of faith and the power of prayer.”
In addition to being an author, Lombard is a motivational speaker and blogger. She blogs about faith, marriage and living with heart disease.
“Revelation at Cliff House” is available for $15 on Amazon.com, cynthiamlombard.com, and at Word of Life Christian Bookstores. A Kindle version also is available through Amazon.
Jannat Is Not Quitting The Show!
According to Spotboye report, the makers have agreed to the Jannat Zubair Rahmani's parents' terms and condition. Thus, the actress has decided not to quit the show!
Jannat's Parents Had A Meeting With The Makers
The actress' mother, Nazneen Rahmani was quoted by the entertainment portal as saying, "Yes, we had a meeting with the makers and they have accepted our terms and conditions."
No Intimate Scene!
"Henceforth, Jannat will not do any intimate scene as has already been mentioned in our contract. She is just 16-years-old and we don't want her to engage in any sort of intimacy."
The Actress' Mother Says
She further added, "We respect the script's demand and to tell you, we allowed her to do a few scenes which involved Ritvik kissing Jannat's hand. In fact, we used to apply wax and make-up on the body so that the sensation of touch is minimal."
The Actress' Parents Are Concerned As Their Daughter Is Young!
"We know we are part of the glamour industry where such things are normal, but it's just that my daughter is young for it." Well, we do understand Jannat's mother's concerns!
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI (CBSMiami) – Happy birthday America!
It's the fourth of July which means it's time for barbecues, parades, fun by the pool and fireworks!
There are plenty of events happening all over South Florida that can fill whatever your July fourth celebration preference may be.
Fourth Of July Celebration At Black Point Park Marina
Black Point Marina
24775 S.W. 87th Ave. Miami, FL 33190
(305) 258-4092
Black Point Park Marina, located right next to Biscayne National Park, is the site of a spectacular 4th of July celebration. Head out early and enjoy the day fishing, diving, or exploring the beauty that can be found at Biscayne National Park. Food is available at the Black Point Ocean Grill or bring your own food and have a picnic at the park. Bring a blanket or a chair and stake your spot to watch the fireworks at sunset.
Town of Davie:
Family Fun Day at 10:00 a.m.
Pine Island Pool
3801 S Pine Island Rd. Davie, FL 33328
4:00 PM – Kids Arts and Crafts, Food Trucks, Face Painting, Bounce Houses, Train Rides, and Craft Vendors
4:30pm: Kids Interactive Games
6:30pm: FREE cake (while supplies last)
7pm: Live Music by Smokin' Aces
9pm: FIREWORKS!
City of Doral:
Independence Day Celebration
Doral Central Park, 3000 NW 87th Ave
Activities will include inflatables, live entertainment, a sensational concert and more. Remember to bring your blankets, chairs, and picnic baskets to enjoy this patriotic holiday along with your family and friends. Food and refreshments will be available for purchase from a variety of vendors throughout the park. Make sure to arrive early to enjoy all the activities and our spectacular grand finale of fireworks at 9:20pm! On-site parking available for $5.00.
City of Ft. Lauderdale:
Ft. Lauderdale Beach at A1A and Las Olas Boulevard.
The Independence Day Celebration kicks off at noon and features a patriotic extravaganza featuring live bands, a kids zone, beach games, contests, and family activities. As the sun goes down watch the sky light up with a spectacular fireworks show at 9:00 p.m. This dazzling pyrotechnic display is simulcast with music on 101.5 LITE FM and is an annual favorite for all!
City of Key Biscayne:
Key Biscayne's 4th Of July Parade And Fireworks
The parade will be on Crandon Blvd, between Harbor Drive and West Enid Drive
Key Biscayne, FL 33149
(305) 365-8900
Key Biscayne's 4th of July parade will begin at 11 a.m. and will be followed by festivities at the Village Green. The parade will feature floats, marching bands, and lots more. Hang out all day or get back in time to get a good seat for the fireworks display at 9 p.m.
Town of Hollywood:
Johnson Street Plaza: 5:00 p.m. to 8:00 p.m. Social Media Station
Hollywood Beach Theater: 5:00 p.m. to 7:00 p.m. Island Sounds with Steel Harmonics and from 7:00 p.m. to 9:00 p.m. Xuberance Band
Offshore fireworks display begins at 9:00 p.m.|
City of Homestead:
Race to the 4th!
6 PM to 10 PM
Homestead-Miami Speedway 1 Ralph Sanchez Speedway Blvd. Homestead, FL 33035
There will be a concert and food trucks. This salute to all things America will culminate with the best fireworks show in South Florida—a dazzling display of pyrotechnics synced to a mix of pop hits and patriotic tunes.
Related: Best Places To Watch 4th of July Fireworks In Miami
City of Miami:
America's Birthday Bash
Bayfront Park
301 N. Biscayne Blvd. Miami, FL 33132
(305) 358-7550
America's Birthday Bash begins Wednesday, July 4, 2018 at 10 a.m. at Bayfront Park. The event is sponsored by Budweiser and there will be Budweiser beer available for purchase in the Budweiser Beer Garden, which opens at 2 p.m. The family fun zone, with lots of activities for both children and adults, opens at 3 p.m. There will be live music starting at 2 p.m. and food vendors hocking their wares throughout the day. No coolers are allowed, as well as no large bags, bottles, or cans, and absolutely no personal fireworks. The fireworks show starts at 9 a.m. This event is touted as the best fireworks show in Miami.
City of Miami Beach:
Miami Beach ‘Fire On The Fourth' Festival
North Shore Park Bandshell
7275 Collins Ave. Miami Beach, FL 33141
(305) 861-3616
This all-day event is free to the public. There will be DJ's, music performances, food trucks, yoga, a kids zone, and a Junkanoo-style parade. A fabulous fireworks display lights up the sky at 9 p.m.
City of Miramar:
Celebrate our Nation's Independence in the City of Miramar on Monday, July 4th at Miramar Regional Park from 7 – 9 p.m.
Enjoy music by our DJ, food trucks, food and novelty vendors, and a kids zone while you await a spectacular fireworks show.
City of North Miami:
Annual Independence Day Celebration By the Bay
Florida International University's Biscayne Bay campus, located at 3000 NE 151st Street, North Miami. Festivities begin promptly at 7 p.m.
This free event, which features music, entertainment, and fireworks, kicks off at 7:00 p.m. and includes free parking. Fireworks begin at sundown.
City of Pembroke Pines:
Pembroke Pines Independence Day Celebration And Fireworks Show
Pines Recreation Center
7400 Pines Blvd. Pembroke Pines, FL 33026
(954) 3920-2116
Parking and admission for the Independence Day celebration at the Pines Recreation Center festival grounds is free. The festival grounds will open at 6 p.m. for the enjoyment of the attendees. Fireworks begin at 9 p.m. So, come out early and grab yourself a good spot to watch the fireworks and enjoy the festivities of the day.
City of Plantation:
Parade at 9:00 a.m.
Begins at the intersection Broward Blvd & NW 46th Avenue
Concert at 7:00 p.m. – Fireworks at 9 p.m.
Central Park Baseball Fields
9151 NW 2nd Street. Plantation, FL 33324
City of Sunrise:
Parade at 9:00 a.m.
City Park
6700 Sunset Strip. Sunrise, FL 33351
Concert at 5:00 p.m. – Fireworks at 9 p.m.
Outside the BB&T Center
One Panther Parkway. Sunrise, FL 33351
City Of Tamarac
Tamarac celebrates America's birthday with live music, free fun zone for kids, food trucks and fireworks. Shuttle buses, 5:30-8:15 p.m. from Tamarac City Hall, 7525 NW 88th Ave. or the Community Center, 8601 W. Commercial Blvd., Tamarac. Shuttles return following the 9 p.m. fireworks display. Free. 954-597-3620.
Earlier this year, KFC Megacorp, in their ongoing effort to dominate the fast food lifestyle landscape, dropped their debut KFC Ltd. collection , a line of novelty fashion and accessories that you totally didn't drip BBQ sauce on and ruin approximately five seconds after you pulled the tags off. But take heart, stained masses of America, because for the first time since the summer, KFC has refreshed their Ltd. treasure trove with a host of holiday-ready gifts that are sure to turn you into a Secret Santa superstar by the time we hit “Two Turtle Doves.” Check out the highlights below:
Holiday Colonel ugly sweater long-sleeve tee.
Legal tenders money clip.
KFC wrapping paper (bows included, bro).
Family meal 8-bit pin pack.
Morning Gravy gravy coffee mug.
Drumstick throw pillow.
As you can now clearly see—like a shining halo above that 10-piece extra crispy bucket—if you're still looking for the perfect gift for your nephew/homie/co-worker you always break down Rick & Morty episodes with, then head over to KFC Ltd.'s digital fry-house and fast. With two weeks until Christmas and extremely limited quantities available, these goodies won't hang around under the tree for long.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Two major engineering groups have announced they are joining forces in a bid to land a multibillion-pound contract to built new trains for HS2.
Bombardier Transportation and Hitachi Rail, which collectively employ 5,000 people in the UK, have launched a new joint venture to submit a bid to design, build and deliver a fleet of trains for the high-speed line.
The £2.75 billion contract on offer is for a minimum fleet of 54 units that will run on phase one of HS2 between London Euston, Solihull and Birmingham.
The newly designed rolling stock will also be able to travel on the current rail network.
The formal tendering process is due to start later this year, with contract award in late 2019.
The two companies said the joint bid would support the Government's aims of boosting UK jobs, skills and the British supply chain as well as support its own plants including Bombardier's factory in Derby.
They added that they were already developing a new generation of engineers and mechanical skills and the joint venture would provide a launch pad for new investment into education.
Hitachi and Bombardier have previously delivered one of Europe's fastest trains in Italy - the ETR 1000 for Trenitalia.
In the UK, Hitachi maintains the country's only domestic high speed fleet, the Class 395 Javelins, which it built and introduced ahead of the London 2012 Games.
Karen Boswell, managing director of Hitachi Rail, said: "HS2 will form the backbone of Britain's future rail network and is a major investment in our future prosperity.
"By joining together in partnership with Bombardier, we will draw on a huge wealth of UK experience and the best in modern technology, including our pioneering bullet train experience.
"Our aim is to deliver a new British icon that will be recognised around the world - a Spitfire for the British railway."
Richard Hunter, managing director UK of Bombardier Transportation, added: "HS2 is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to transform the nation's transport network and we are very excited by the chance to play a key part in delivering it.
"By joining together in partnership with Hitachi, we will combine both company's global high speed expertise with unrivalled British experience and help generate skills and prosperity across a number of UK regions."
“The Bachelor” is returning to television screens across America tonight and you'd be surprised about how much Kareem Abdul-Jabbar is vehemently opposed to the show and its concept.
In a guest column for The Hollywood Reporter, Abdul-Jabbar criticized the contestants on the show for acting as characters rather than their true selves. He specifically called out contestant Chad Johnson for creating himself into an obnoxious character in order to garner nationwide attention and criticized what the show stands for.
The shows' mantra repeated by most castmembers that “everyone deserves love” ain't necessarily so. You're not even in the running for love unless you fit a very narrow ideal of Ken and Barbie doll physical beauty. These shows promote the scorched-earth effects of raising females to be continually judged physically above all other attributes and then measured against impossible physical standards that has marginalized a majority of girls and women — and made billions for the beauty products, clothing, and cosmetic surgery industries.
Abdul-Jabbar also addressed the lack of racial diversity on the show saying, “if you're black on The Bachelor or The Bachelorette, you're usually kept around as a courtesy for a few weeks before being ejected.” He even questioned the very nature of falling in love on reality television.
The cruel result is people on these shows are so anxious to be in a relationship that they trick themselves into thinking they're in love. Contestants on these relationship game shows are competing for a prize, the same as contestants on The Price Is Right. But is that prize love or a relationship? There's a significant difference and that difference contributes to why America has high divorce (53%) and adultery (30%) rates. From observing the three most recent incarnations of this show — The Bachelor (Ben Higgins), The Bachelorette (JoJo Fletcher) and Bachelor in Paradise—it's clear that being in a relationship is the goal.
Read the whole thing over at The Hollywood Reporter.
Silver Airways announced (23-Apr-2018) its acquisition of Seaborne Airlines' business and assets has successfully closed, creating a "leading independent airline" to serve the Caribbean, Bahamas, Florida and beyond. The combined airline will continue operating Silver's route network in the Bahamas, Florida, and beyond under the Silver Airways banner, while Seaborne's route network throughout Puerto Rico, the Virgin Islands, and the Caribbean will continue under the Seaborne name. The total fleet now consists of 31 aircraft, including Saab 340 and de Havilland Twin Otter seaplane aircraft. Seaborne will initially continue to operate under its own certificate as a standalone operating subsidiary of Silver. The merger of the two airlines' operating functions, joint branding, and streamlining of the guest experience is expected to occur during 2019. Silver Airways CEO Steve Rossum will serve as CEO of the combine airline, while Ben Munson will resume his role as president of Embark Aviation. The combined airline will employ nearly 1000 aviation professionals and will be headquartered at Silver's offices in Fort Lauderdale. Corporate and operations support functions will continue at locations in Fort Lauderdale, Orlando, Tampa, San Juan and St Croix. [more - original PR]
FILE - In this Sunday, Oct. 1, 2017 file photo, police officers stand at the scene of a mass shooting near the Mandalay Bay resort and casino on the Las Vegas Strip, in Las Vegas. Police who have yet to find Stephen Paddock's motive for the massacre said Friday that they will enlist the public's help. Billboards will serve as a stark reminder that investigators remain stumped about what drove a gunman to mow down concertgoers from a perch in the high-rise casino hotel. (AP Photo/John Locher, File)
Related View Larger FILE - This undated photo provided by Eric Paddock shows his brother, Las Vegas gunman Stephen Paddock. On Sunday, Oct. 1, 2017, Stephen Paddock opened fire on the Route 91 Harvest Festival killing dozens and wounding hundreds. Police who have yet to find Paddock's motive for the massacre said Friday, that they will enlist the public's help with billboards that ask people with credible information to call the FBI. View Larger FILE - In this Monday, Oct. 2, 2017 file photo, drapes billow out of broken windows at the Mandalay Bay resort and casino on the Las Vegas Strip, following a deadly shooting at a music festival in Las Vegas. Police who have yet to find Stephen Paddock's motive for the massacre said Friday, that they will enlist the public's help. The FBI's Aaron Rouse says billboards will ask people with credible information to call the agency at 800-CALL-FBI.
By MICHAEL BALSAMO and BRIAN MELLEY
Associated Press
Tourists coming to Las Vegas may soon encounter something darker than the dazzling lights that typically welcome them to the city. Billboards will serve as a stark reminder that investigators remain stumped about what drove a gunman to mow down concertgoers from a perch in a high-rise casino hotel last Sunday. Police who have yet to find Stephen Paddock's motive for the massacre said Friday that they will enlist the public's help. The FBI's Aaron Rouse says billboards will ask people with credible information to call the agency. The number will be 800-CALL-FBI. Paddock left behind little clues about what led him to carry out the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history. He killed 58 and wounded nearly 500 before killing himself.
Copyright The Associated Press
The new Iowa West Field House opened last month and is located in the Mid-America Center in Council Bluffs.
Pete Tulipana, President and CEO of the Iowa West Foundation, says the field house came to fruition to achieve two goals for the Foundation simultaneously.
He says one was to address the need for indoor court space for Southwest Iowa teams.
Tulipana says that issue had been mentioned by the community repeatedly in multiple surveys given by the Foundation.
He says the new field house can be used for 10 volleyball courts or eight basketball courts, as well as anything else that can be played on hard courts.
"Our second goal was economic development which influenced where we decided to build the field house. The Mid-America Center as a location, we think, will serve as a catalyst to attract other businesses because of the thousands of kids and families who are going to be coming in and out of the field house on a daily basis.”
Tulipana says the second part of economic development involves bringing tournaments to the field house.
He says having tournaments will bring teams from all over the region to stay in area hotels, creating more economic development in that area.
Governor Cuomo is gearing up to run for a third term next year, announcing that top aide Bill Mulrow will serve as chairman of his 2018 re-election campaign.
As Mulrow heads up Cuomo's re-election campaign, the governor's chief of staff Melissa DeRosa will replace him as secretary to the governor.
If incumbent Andrew Cuomo is re-elected to a third term, he will equal a feat achieved by his late father, former three-term Gov. Mario Cuomo, who served as New York's chief executive from 1983 to 1994.
Before serving as secretary to the governor, Mulrow was a senior managing director at Blackstone, the world's largest alternative asset manager.
He also has served in many other government and Democratic Party positions.
DeRosa, who now becomes the first woman to serve as secretary to the governor, has been a Cuomo confidante for much of his tenure.
Before becoming chief of staff, she was the governor's communications director and strategic adviser involved in advancing many of his policy proposals and dealing with key legislative players.
President Trump on Monday authorized his top trade official to look into whether China is guilty of intellectual property theft, a move that could eventually lead to trade sanctions.
Trump called his action "a very big move" against practices that cost our nation "millions of jobs and billions and billions of dollars each and every year."
He cited not just the theft of intellectual property such as computer software, but also Beijing's requirement that U.S. companies turn over proprietary technology as a condition of entering China's markets.
"We will safeguard the copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade secrets and other intellectual property that is so vital to our security and to our prosperity," Trump said at the White House. He was flanked by U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and members of his economic team.
Monday's steps were very preliminary, and analysts say that it could be a long time, if ever, before significant trade sanctions are imposed on China.
Eventually, it could lead the administration to initiate what's called a Section 301 investigation, a sanctions mechanism that's part of the Trade Act of 1974.
Section 301 was widely used in the 1980s under the Reagan administration, but subsequent presidents have chosen to hear trade disputes at the World Trade Organization.
Matt Gold, a former deputy assistant U.S. trade representative, told NPR that Section 301 can be imposed unilaterally and is generally seen as quicker than the alternatives, such as the WTO.
"It saves time," he said. A WTO case "would take a few years for us to bring it to a WTO panel, get a decision, then it will get appealed to the WTO appellate body. Then we get another decision. Then we have to go through another WTO process to get authorization for specific types of trade barriers. ... So it can take a few years to get the WTO authorization."
The White House move was applauded by technology groups, which have long complained about intellectual property theft. The Information Technology and Innovation Foundation issued a statement saying "for too long China has flouted the spirit, if not always the letter of its commitments under the WTO and other agreements."
Sen. Sherrod Brown, D-Ohio, said launching the investigation sends a strong signal to China that it will be held accountable if it doesn't work with the United States to level the playing field. But he said the Trump administration needs to go further to address dumping of products such as steel.
"We need to follow through with meaningful action and that means the president needs to get serious about trade enforcement, especially on steel," Brown said.
But there are risks to the White House approach. Carolyn Freund, a senior fellow at the Peterson Institute for International Economics, says U.S. companies that try to do business with China could get hurt in several ways.
"China is likely to retaliate with tariffs on their own of U.S. goods, and then U.S. companies will be further hurt in China," she said. "It won't lead to anything positive."
In an editorial on Monday, the state-run newspaper China Daily said the investigation will "poison" relations.
But Freund also points out that for all of Trump's rhetoric about China while on the campaign trail, the White House so far has been slow to take action against unfair trade practices. Trump backed off of labeling China a currency manipulator for instance, and a long promised report on steel dumping has been delayed.
She says that's because it's one thing to talk about steel tariffs, but imposing them hurts other U.S. manufacturers, such as automakers and appliance companies.
Gift baskets, baked goods, and chili filled the room at Elk's Lodge Saturday for the “Dynamite Chili Cookoff”.
This was Darrell Arndt's 1st to take part as a professional cook.
“We started early this morning really,” said Arndt. “It's been great these people here are just open they help you out. They rise you a little for being the new guy on the block, but it's fun.
The cookoff didn't come without a cause.
Proceeds go toward helping build a memorial site for the fallen deputies and volunteer firefighters in the county.
A project that Willie Howard said has been 7 years in the making.
“This is our first project and we wanted to do it up right,” said Howard.
“We enjoy it. It's taken a lot of work but we have fun.”
That monument is one step closer to completion.
The statues that will go in the center have been bought.
All that is left is the brick that will go around it.
Each brick will have the name of a donor to the monument.
Howard said this is a way to say thank you to our law enforcement.
“They're putting their lives on the line everyday for us,” said Howard. “Why can't we do something for them?”
Ardnt, a volunteer firefighter said he is excited to see this go up for people to see.
“We do it just to help the public and support so to get a little bit in return it means the world to us.”
Not all chili is created equal.
Jim Ezell, former president of the Chili Appreciation Society International said there are guidelines the cooks must follow.
Each chili is judged on smell, color, consistency, taste, and the after taste.
“You adjust your recipe,” said Ezell. “Today is a wonderful day for chili.”
“Being a resident of the county here, I couldn't be more pleased.”
“Hopefully with the new monument, people will be able to understand what the Sheriff's Office and Volunteer Firefighters do for the community,” said Ardnt.
Officials hope to have the monument up on the lawn of the courthouse.
TORONTO, ON--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) -
NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION TO U.S. Newswire SERVICES OR DISSEMINATION IN THE UNITED STATES
Canadian Real Estate Investment Trust ("CREIT") (TSX: REF.UN) announced today that it has completed its previously announced issuance of $125 million aggregate principal amount of series D senior unsecured debentures. These debentures bear interest at a rate of 2.951% per annum and will mature on January 18, 2023. The debentures were sold at a price of $99.997 per $100.00 principal amount with an effective yield of 2.952% per annum if held to maturity. The debentures were offered on an agency basis by a syndicate of agents with RBC Capital Markets being the sole bookrunner and lead agent. DBRS Limited has provided CREIT with a rating of "BBB" with a "Stable" trend relating to the debentures.
The net proceeds of the offering are being used by CREIT for the repayment of indebtedness and general business purposes.
The offering was made pursuant to a prospectus supplement dated April 12, 2017 to CREIT's base shelf prospectus dated August 11, 2015.
The debentures offered have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an applicable exemption from the registration requirements. This press release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy nor shall there be any sale of the debentures in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful.
CREIT is a real estate investment trust focused on accumulating and aggressively managing a diversified portfolio of high-quality real estate assets and delivering the benefits of real estate ownership to Unitholders. The primary benefit is a reliable and, over time, increasing monthly cash distribution.
Sierra Leone Telegraph: 6 October 2017
The lady tipped to become Sierra Leone's first female president, possibly in 2023 – Dr. Sylvia Olayinka Blyden – who currently serves as minister of social welfare, children's and religious affairs, is today being rumoured by newspaper reports to be interested in the 2018 vice presidency. But speaking to the Sierra Leone Telegraph, she categorically denied those rumours.
Dr. Blyden is regarded by many in Sierra Leone as the most popular, hardworking and dedicated minister in the Koroma government.
Her handling of the religious hate crisis in the country, sparked by Nigerian pastor Ajisafe, has increased her popularity even further.
The crisis in not yet over, as the police have only this week handed their investigation report into the malicious conduct of the pastor to the country's attorney general, who is expected to bring charges of incitement of public disorder anytime soon.
Dr. Blyden is currently in the republic of Niger where she is attending a conference.
Responding to media reports of her interest in the 2018 vice presidency, Dr Blyden said: “I am currently in Niamey – in the Republic of Niger, but my attention has been drawn to a publication in Freetown by the Salone Times newspaper this morning, in which my photograph is placed alongside eight other distinguished APC comrades, whom the newspaper says are vying for the position of Vice Presidency in the next APC led Government.
“I want to make it categorically clear that I have no such intention. Twenty-three years ago, in June 1994, after I became the first ever Sierra Leone woman in History to be elected as President of a University Students Union Government in Sierra Leone, I expressed an intention to be President of Sierra Leone one day. Since then, I have repeatedly stated that this is an ambition of mine – to be President of Sierra Leone.
“Throughout the past twenty-three years of repeatedly stating my ambition to be President, I have never expressed an intention to be a Vice-President.
“It is not going to ever be under consideration by me. I am not contemplating to be Vice President in 2018 or any time in the future. Office of the Vice President is not a position that I have any interest in.
“And for the record, I am not even remotely thinking of running for President in 2018. I am a Cabinet Minister who is currently very well focused on my sacred duties of serving the social welfare, gender and children's needs of Sierra Leone, as entrusted to me by His Excellency the President Dr. Ernest Bai Koroma.”(Photo above: Dr Blyden in Niger with a cross-section of the galaxy of First Ladies of West African nations gathered in Niamey – capital of Niger).
Share this: Tumblr
Email
Print
Google
Reddit
LinkedIn
Twitter
WhatsApp
More
Pinterest
Facebook
The Ali Modu Sheriff faction of the People Democratic Party (PDP) has held a town hall meeting in Agbor, Delta state. The meeting forms a part of his familiarisation tour to all the states in the south-south and south east, with the aim of fostering unity in the party. According to the chairman of the party, … Continue reading Ali Modu Sheriff Faction Holds Town Hall Meeting In Delta
The post Ali Modu Sheriff Faction Holds Town Hall Meeting In Delta appeared first on Channels Television.
Pediatric neurosurgeon Dr. Matthew Pearson consults injured Elf on the Shelf "Code'y" as Nurse Spencer stands ready to aid. (Photo: Courtesy of the Sacred Heart Twitter page)
Ever heard of the Elf on the Shelf? What started as a children's picture book more than 10 years ago has evolved into a holiday tradition in which elf dolls hang out at homes, schools, hospitals or pretty much any other place you can think of, watching over families during the holiday season.
They're festive and fun, and meant to keep people in the Christmas spirit. And they've succeeded on all those fronts at The Studer Family Children's Hospital at Sacred Heart this month.
Scroll through Sacred Heart's Facebook, Twitter and Instagram pages and see weeks worth of silly elf photos. Medical staff, patients and parents have all taken part in the fun.
More: Santa Claus kicks off Winterfest Christmas celebration in downtown Pensacola
"The goal of the elves at the Children's Hospital mirrors a goal we have for our entire patient experience," said Kelsi Gulig, Sacred Heart marketing and communications specialist. "Our team works very hard to make the Children's Hospital feel like home for the families we serve. Many patients are used to playing with their own elves back at home, so coming to the Children's Hospital and seeing our elves is both a fun distraction and a sweet reminder of home, which is especially important during the holiday season."
Four elves are currently making residence at the Children's Hospital — Branch is at the Pediatric Oncology and School Age Adolescent Unit; Trudy has called the Infant Toddler Unit home; Code-y stays at the Pediatric Intensive Care Unit; and Staphie, a staph infection-inspired pun, can be found in the Pediatric Emergency Room.
Gulig, who mostly runs Sacred Heart's social media accounts and snaps a lot of the photos, said the Elf on the Shelf phenomenon really blew up the week after the annual Christmas tree lighting.
"I have recognized several former patients' names coming through on some of the comments, and parents saying, 'Oh, Carolyn would have loved this when she was there,'" Gulig said. "Or someone who was here previously but maybe wasn't here during Christmas time talks about how cute it looks."
More: Where you can go to grab a real Christmas tree in our area
It's a way for staff members working holidays to de-stress, and to help others do the same.
"I think what's most important to remember is the staff have a lot of fun with projects like this, this time of year," Gulig said. "The spirit behind this is they want to make the patient experience brighter, so every time a mom walks out of a patient's room and back into it, and they might see the elf in a different place in the unit, that's just been a little fun thing for everyone."
Code-y recently had an accident that has required around-the-clock emergency care, but it's looking like the elf will pull through.
Jake Newby can be reached at jnewby@pnj.com or 850-435-8538.
Read or Share this story: http://www.pnj.com/story/news/local/2017/12/11/elf-shelf-elves-brightening-spirits-sacred-heart/940833001/
Jordan Peele has transformed from comedian to sketch artist to author of one of the more thoughtful and reflective allegories about slavery and race relations in cinematic history. As versatile as his skills are, however, he has not added "sharpshooter" to that list. Although he's more than happy to take credit for such non-existent savvy.
At least, that was the message from Peele to his Twitter followers on Sunday. Which may have something to do with this:
That would be Jordan Poole , a freshman for the Michigan Wolverines, March Madness hero and one who is decidedly not Peele. It appears some well-meaning Tweeps got snarled in stylistic literary, sending their compliments to Peele instead of Poole.
Hey, an indirect, single shoutout from one of culture's most esteemed auteurs is just as good as 30,000 "You're the man!" messages, right?
WATCH: THE LOOP VIDEOS
Source: Shutterstock/R.classen
THE HIGH COURT is set to rule on a unique extradition case in the coming weeks regarding a Polish man who is wanted in his own country in connection with alleged drug trafficking offences.
Artur Celmer has been living in Ireland for 10 years. He has now been in custody for the past nine months pending three separate extradition orders served against him by his home country.
His legal counsel yesterday argued the extradition order should not be complied with as, given Poland's ongoing judicial problems, there is no chance he could be granted a fair trial there.
In 2017, Poland passed a series of laws which saw the country's government granted the power, amongst other things, to replace its supreme court judges at will.
The ruling was ostensibly invoked in order to allow an overhaul of the country's judiciary, which the ruling PiS party claimed was necessary in order to heighten the legal system's effectiveness and weed out appointees who were hangovers from Poland's communist past.
Article Seven
The European Commission has not looked kindly on those moves however and, following a long-running investigation, last December invoked Article Seven of the Treaty on European Union against Poland, which gives it the power to suspend certain (funding or voting) rights for a member state, a decision which left the Polish government ‘furious'.
Polish Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki, pictured in Markowa, Poland, yesterday Source: Alik Keplicz/PA Images
The EC's arguments are that Poland is in danger of sporting a judicial system which is overly vulnerable to political interference, and incapable of impartiality via the separation of powers.
Celmer's legal team say his hearing is a unique test case, which will provide precedent as to how other EU states comply with Polish judicial decrees in the current climate.
“This case appears to be the lead test case within the European Union dealing with extraditions to Poland under the European Arrest Warrant Act 2003, and the presumption of extradition within EU Member States as a result of the highly controversial judicial reforms in Poland,” Celmer's legal firm Fahy Bambury said in a statement ahead of yesterday's hearing, with solicitor Ciarán Mulholland adding it “would be unjust to surrender my client to Poland in such concerning circumstances”.
Yesterday, at Celmer's extradition hearing before Justice Aileen Donnelly in the Criminal Courts of Justice in Dublin, senior counsel Sean Guerin argued that there could be no confidence that Celmer's rights under the European Convention on Human Rights and the Irish Constitution would be protected were he to be extradited.
The defence's case took in numerous points of objection, including the alleged poor condition of Polish prisons, and the family life which Celmer has built up in Ireland.
Donnelly adjourned the case until 12 March, although she admitted her decision may take longer even than that, given the sensitivities surrounding the case.
Comments are closed as a judgement is pending
Additional reporting Eoin Reynolds
Drivers in Scotland are being reminded that there is zero tolerance for ‘just one' drink before driving.
A new festive awareness campaign from the Scottish Government and Road Safety Scotland (part of Transport Scotland) reinforces that when it comes to drink driving, ‘the best approach is none', as well as highlighting the consequences of being found guilty of drink driving.
Justice Secretary Michael Matheson launched the month-long enforcement and awareness campaign with Deputy Chief Constable Iain Livingstone and Chief Superintendent Stewart Carle. Police Scotland's enforcement campaign will see even more patrols on Scotland's roads throughout December.
Last year one in 30 drivers stopped during the festive season was over the legal limit, compared with one in 35 motorists drink driving over the same period in previous year.
Mr Matheson, said: “Unfortunately there is a persistent minority of drivers who continue to ignore the law. These people are not only risking their own lives and licences, but are risking the safety of other road users and pedestrians by drinking and driving.
“This campaign reinforces that drink driving is unacceptable and, if you get caught, you will get a minimum 12-month driving ban, a criminal record for a lengthy period and a substantial fine.
“Furthermore, a drink driving conviction can have significant social and employment consequences.”
Deputy Chief Constable Iain Livingstone, added: “Police Scotland has a zero tolerance policy on drink driving and over the festive period we will be increasing our activity to ensure those risk takers are removed from the road.
“We're urging people to plan ahead – think about how you're going to get home before you go out, and don't forget about any journeys you'll make the morning after.”
For more information see dontriskit.info or the Road Safety Scotland Facebook and Twitter (@roadsafetyscot) pages.
Drink driving - key messages
• There is zero tolerance for drink driving.
• More than 20,000 drivers are stopped by the police every month.
• Even if you're slightly over the limit, in the eyes of the law you are still a drunk driver and a criminal – there's no grey area.
• You'll face an automatic 12-month ban, a criminal record, an unlimited fine, and could even go to prison for up to six months. The vehicle forfeiture scheme means that, in some cases, your car can be seized and crushed.
• Think about how you're going to get home before you head out – and remember to consider any journeys the morning after.
Individuals or NGOs that help illegal migrants gain status in Hungary could face prison sentences under a new set of government laws, informally known as the 'Stop Soros' plan.
The legislation is part of the right-wing Prime Minister Viktor Orbán government's campaign against George Soros- a Hungarian-born billionaire financier and philanthropist. Orbán's government has vilified Soros the past year as the main backer of illegal migration to Europe.
“Those who provide financial means . . . or conduct this organisational activity on a regular basis will be punishable with up to one year in prison,” said the official text of the proposals.
Meaning that anyone who gives a migrant a sandwich, blanket, or even a bottle of water could end up behind bars.
“We need an action plan to defend Hungary and this is the Stop Soros package of Bills,” the interior ministry added in a comment.
In contrast to earlier versions, the latest draft of the Bill, submitted to parliament on Tuesday, does not propose compulsory security checks for NGOs that work with migrants or a 25 percent tax on their foreign funding.
The constitution would also be amended to stop other EU countries from transferring asylum seekers to Hungary, which rejects European Union quotas to distribute migrants around the bloc.
International criticism
The Hungarian Helsinki Committee, who provides legal aid to asylum-seekers, called for the draft law to be dropped and said it threatens to bring back "an era of fear, unheard of since the fall of (the) communist dictatorship."
The United Nations Refugee Agency has urged Hungary to scrap the proposals and said it is "seriously concerned" about it in a statement.
“Seeking asylum is a fundamental human right, it is not a crime . . . We are particularly concerned that the government is targeting those who, in a purely humanitarian role, help people who are seeking asylum,” added Pascale Moreau, director of the UNHCR's Europe bureau.
REUTERS/Stoyan Nenov/Pool
Viktor Orbán's Hungary
The legislation was a key promise of Orbán's party Fidesz. It comes a month after he and the party were reelected with a two-thirds majority. It means the bill, which is expected to be voted next week, can be passed without hitches.
On Wednesday Máté Kocsis, Fidesz's faction leader said in parliament: "The citizens participating at the elections clearly and squarely stated their opinion on not wanting Hungary to become a migrant country."
"Unlike the previous proposal, the novelty in it is that it also uses criminal law instruments, which makes it much stricter than the previous proposal," he added.
Since Orbán came to power in 2010, he has increased control over the media and fearlessly campaigned an anti-migrant sentiment.
It included sealing the country's border with fences in 2015 to stop refugees from entering at the height of the migration crisis. It has put Orbán at odds with the European Union who funds the country with billions of euros a year.
REUTERS/Leonhard Foeger
Speaking at the European Council on Foreign Relations in Paris on Tuesday, George Soros said: “The whole of Europe has been disrupted by the refugee crisis. Unscrupulous leaders have exploited it even in countries that have accepted hardly any refugees."
"In Hungary, Victor Orbán based his re-election campaign on falsely accusing me of planning to flood Europe, Hungary included, with Muslim refugees,” he added.
NBC 7's Gaby Rodriguez reports from the Rancho Monserate Mobile Home Park on the progress in the Lilac Fire. (Published 39 minutes ago)
NBC 7's Gaby Rodriguez reports from the Rancho Monserate Mobile Home Park on the progress in the Lilac Fire. See More
Whole Foods Market Inc. doesn't just sell chickens. It sells shoppers on the idea of chickens raised and treated better than prevailing standards: no antibiotics, no hormones, no cages. Not the sort of chicken you can get anywhere.
But thanks in no small part to a food-quality revolution that Whole Foods helped cultivate over the past decade, standards for much of the poultry sold at American supermarkets are shifting. The gulf has narrowed—and sometimes has even closed—between what's sold at Whole Foods and what's produced by industrial food giants such as Perdue Farms Inc. and sold at lower-cost supermarkets.
Now that Amazon.com Inc. has moved to acquire Whole Foods for $13.7 billion, it remains to be seen what the online-shopping giant will do with the grocery chain that arguably did more than any business to bring the fussy foodie focus on provenance into the mainstream. The more widespread availability of products meeting Whole Foods standards can even be seen as part of what made the company vulnerable to a takeover bid.
The biggest difference between the store-brand chickens at Whole Foods and what's for sale at another supermarket is, in many cases, the sticker price itself.
Photographer: Marisa Gertz/Bloomberg
A shopper on a recent visit could pay $2.49 per pound for antibiotic-free thighs with a Whole Foods label touting “no added solutions or injections.” Perdue's Harvestland-branded poultry—no antibiotics, air-chilled—cost just $1.99 per pound at an unremarkable Key Food supermarket just a few blocks away. The similarities don't stop there: In this case, the chicken under the 365 Everyday Value store-brand label at Whole Foods was raised by a Perdue farmer and slaughtered in the same Perdue plant as its Harvestland cousin, although a shopper likely wouldn't be aware of that fact.
Photographer: Marisa Gertz/Bloomberg
Not all 365-branded chicken comes from Perdue, and aside from an establishment number printed on the package, there is no way to determine where a product originated. Yet the price disparity for poultry of nearly indistinguishable origins can be pronounced. A whole bird under the 365 store brand at the same Whole Foods: $4.09 per pound. At Key Food, the Perdue Harvestland whole chicken: $1.99 per pound. (The quirks of grocery pricing can lead to unexpected results: Whole Foods store-brand drumsticks produced by Perdue rang up at 20 cents less per pound than Perdue's Harvestland version.)
“What used to be more unique” to natural food retailers “has now become really par for the course, certainly among your larger chains and your progressive grocers,” says David Sprinkle, researcher director at Packaged Facts, a market-research firm. “When other chains, including bigger chains, started doing natural and organic, well, then suddenly Whole Foods was competing with Kroger, Wegmans, Costco.”
Several big poultry producers have acquired or formed partnerships with brands carried by Whole Foods; in some cases these companies have developed lines that accord with the practices used by Whole Foods. Perdue, for instance, acquired the no-antibiotics Coleman Natural Foods in 2011 and has since converted 95 percent of its poultry operations to antibiotic-free production. Poultry sold to Whole Foods is segregated from the rest of its lines.
Other standards that Whole Foods helped champion are becoming, well, standard. A practice such as air-chilling the chickens after slaughter—a step favored by chefs over a water bath—is used on Perdue poultry sold at Whole Foods and elsewhere. Other practices have been longtime standards. The use of synthetic hormones is not approved for U.S. poultry production, meaning that all chicken sold in supermarkets eligible for the hormone-free designation and broiler chickens are almost never raised in cages.
The same dynamic has also played out with beef. Open Prairie Natural Angus, a brand sold at Whole Foods, is produced by Tyson Foods Inc. from cattle raised without antibiotics or added hormones. Meyer Natural Angus, a brand sold at Whole Foods in accordance with the supermarket chain's meat-sourcing standards, is processed in a plant owned by Cargill. Both of these brands can be found in meat departments at lower-priced retailers such as Target and Walmart-owned Jet.com.
“If you asked me 10 years ago, will you ever have a lot of Perdue chicken in your stores, I would have said, ‘No, probably not.'”
After the announcement of Amazon's deal to buy Whole Foods, the grocery chain said in a letter to its customers that it was still going to “deliver the highest quality, delicious natural and organic products that you've come to love and trust.” A few days later, Whole Foods Chief Executive John Mackey said he had been assured that Amazon wouldn't introduce a substandard brand with his store's name on it.
“We will want Whole Foods to keep doing what it does best, including working with small farms and producers to bring the best natural and organic foods to customers,” an Amazon spokesperson told Bloomberg via email. But an Amazon-owned Whole Foods would almost certainly expand in the already cutthroat U.S. grocery business, creating new urgency for the supermarket chain to source meat and poultry, and industrial-scale producers can handle that output more easily than the small farmers who helped build the Whole Foods image.
The establishment number on the USDA inspection label shows where the bird was processed. Photographer: Marisa Gertz/Bloomberg
At the moment, however, what sets Whole Foods apart—besides higher prices—is the way it communicates to shoppers about its animal welfare standards. Signs and labels in the meat department describe a five-step rating developed with the nonprofit Global Animal Partnership (GAP). To qualify at Step 1, the baseline for inclusion in a Whole Foods meat department, means any product must prohibit antibiotics and hormones and follow a “no cages, no crates, no crowding” credo. Farmers and ranchers raising the animals are also expected to be audited for compliance every 15 months.
The 365-branded poultry at Whole Foods is often rated Step 2, since GAP doesn't certify chickens at a lower level. Some of the requirements to earn that designation represent real improvements over industry standards—and some do not.
A Step 2 barn, for instance, must have one type of “enrichment” for every thousand square feet. What exactly is a chicken enrichment? “Something that encourages expression of natural behavior” such as “foraging, playing, or exercise,” says Anne Malleau, GAP's executive director and global meat coordinator at Whole Foods. A farmer who provided a sufficient number of ramps for his chickens to climb would qualify. Even though many shoppers might envision their Whole Foods chickens roaming outdoors, such a perk isn't required until Step 3.
Many shoppers are in the dark about what these claims really mean, even as Whole Foods adorns its meat department with information about its food certification. Research conducted by Packaged Facts this year found that about 21 percent of shoppers at natural-food supermarkets akin to Whole Foods either didn't know or had only a general idea of what it meant to advertise a product as “hormone/steroid free.”
Perdue Harvestland drumsticks share the same establishment number as some Whole Foods 365 Everyday Value drumsticks. Photographer: Marisa Gertz/Bloomberg
Part of this confusion might stem from the fact that the standards promoted by GAP and Whole Foods are now becoming more widely embraced in the U.S. In June 2016, Perdue announced new animal welfare standards that included adding windows to 200 barns and a study of chicken-enrichment activities. So far, a Perdue spokesman said in an email, enrichments such as perches and hay bales are in 13.5 percent of the company's barns. Last month the company committed to raising enough GAP-certified chickens to meet customer demand.
And no matter if a bird's destiny is underneath a Whole Foods 365 label or Perdue's own Harvestland brand, in many cases the slaughtering and processing happens in the same facility, which can be identified by the establishment number printed on the packaging. That means the same methods used to produce GAP-approved poultry for Whole Foods now extend well beyond what's sold at Whole Foods.
At a Whole Foods with a meat counter, there will be a range of beef options behind the case clearly marked as local or grass-fed. As with poultry, the products are all GAP-certified and follow the five-step rating system that requires a minimum of space per animal, pasture access, and a prohibition on branding. And, much like the poultry, customers at the meat counter would be unlikely to know that brand-free beef under the glass may come from two companies whose products are available through lower-cost vendors: Meyer Natural Angus and Open Prairie.
Both producers adhere to the required standards, even if shoppers are not aware of the connection to major beef companies. Meyer Natural Angus is processed in a Cargill plant in Colorado; Open Prairie is a Tyson brand. It's more difficult to reliably compare beef prices at Whole Foods and other grocers because there are so many different cuts and availability can vary by location.
Meyer operates by sourcing GAP-certified animals and having them processed at a Cargill facility for a fee, then shipping to Whole Foods distribution centers. The company's use of Cargill facilities is not abnormal, according to industry experts, and segregation practices are strictly monitored by representatives of both companies and the U.S. Department of Agriculture.
“Because of the consolidation of the industry,” says Gregory Bloom, executive director of the Colorado Beef Council, “it's hard not to go through the bigger processors.”
Meyer uses the facility one a day a week, says Warren Mirtsching, senior vice president for food safety at Meyer Natural Foods, and processes a minimum of about 800 heads of cattle in that time. The process remains unchanged even when it's not GAP-certified cattle getting slaughtered. “Lines are running at the same speed,” Mirtsching says. “Same equipment, same employees.”
Whole Foods points to the extra level of audits that are guaranteed with any product purchased at its stores, rigorous enough that industry insiders sometimes complain that working with Whole Foods means jumping through extra hoops. “I'm really proud of the process to become a Whole Foods market supplier,” says Theo Weening, global meat coordinator and buyer at Whole Foods.
About 21 percent of shoppers at natural-food supermarkets like Whole Foods don't really know what “hormone/steroid free” means
There's something else Whole Foods believes it offers: peace of mind. Sure, shoppers at Whole Foods can select—and pay extra for—a pasture-raised chicken or grass-fed steak from a local rancher. But even the least-expensive option will meet a basic promise of quality and transparency. “All products meet the same minimum standards. You don't have to read the labels,” Weening says. In other stores, however, “the customer really has to search.”
Perhaps this is what resonates with the core customers at Whole Foods. Regardless of minor differences in provenance for some meat and poultry, the organic-food grocer has built its brand on the promise of healthful food and higher-quality products. The company has the ability to “leverage quite a bit of consumer trust,” says Billy Roberts, a senior food and drink analyst at Mintel, a market intelligence agency.
Research conducted by Mintel found that the second-most purchased category of items from natural grocers is fresh meat, including poultry and seafood. “There is a trust halo there,” says Diana Smith, the associate director of retail and apparel at Mintel. “Consumers are going in and shopping for these items because they do trust them.”
Still, other retailers now offer very similar products, sometimes at a much lower price. This may, at least in part, explain why Whole Foods keeps adding rules, such as its March 2016 requirement that suppliers switch chicken breeds over the next eight years to those that grow more slowly and have fewer health problems.
For companies like Perdue, Cargill, and Tyson, diversifying into the higher welfare category makes business sense. The big meat and poultry companies are devoting much heavier portions of production to these generally more expensive products as consumer demand rises and large retail and restaurant customers, including McDonald's, ask for them, says Dewey Warner, a food and nutrition researcher at Euromonitor International. Plus, he notes, products such as antibiotic-free or organic chicken “command higher prices” at a time when record meat and poultry supplies in the U.S. are curbing commodity prices.
Weening, the Whole Foods meat buyer, recognizes that as his company has demanded better products, it's often the bigger, more widely available companies that have risen to supply them. “If you asked me 10 years ago, will you ever have a lot of Perdue chicken in your stores, I would have said, ‘No, probably not,' ” he says. But, he adds, this only furthers the mission: “First it starts with Whole Foods, and then it changes the way animals are raised across the world.”
Whole Foods seems to be succeeding by that measure. While that might mean the company is fostering the growth of its own competition, one group is certain to benefit from more widely available products that meet higher standards: meat-eating grocery shoppers.
—With assistance by Shruti Singh.
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analyses from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
The Beersheba District Court on Wednesday issued its first sentence in the case of the beating of an innocent Eritrean man who eventually died after a terrorist attack at the Beersheba Central Bus Station in October 2015.
David Muial was sentenced to a mere 100 days of community service along with a symbolic fine, but the Justice Ministry emphasized that he was the least involved of four defendants and that they expected harsher sentences for the others.
The ministry also emphasized the unique circumstances where it said Muial was afraid that the victim, Haptom Zarhum, was actually part of the developing terror attack In January 2016, the Southern District Attorney's Office filed an indictment against four men, including a soldier and prison guard for the beating.IDF soldier Yaakov Shimba, prison guard Ronen Cohen, David Muial and Evyatar Dimri were all charged with causing grave bodily harm to Haptom Zarhum, 29, who was mistaken for a terrorist and died of gunshot wounds from several security guards, according to an autopsy report.He also was captured on camera being brutally beaten by a mob that included the four defendants. Then-Attorney-General Yehuda Weinstein and head State Attorney Shai Nitzan personally approved the indictment.Because Zarhum's death was caused by the gunshot wounds, and not the beating, the charges were for striking him and not murder.A fifth suspect, another prison guard, was cleared of criminal charges but recommended for disciplinary charges.Four people, including Zarhum, were killed and another 10 wounded in the October 18, 2015 terrorist attack by Muhand al-Uqbi, an Israeli Bedouin from Hura.“We know the public is living under a great deal of pressure right now, but there are clear lines and we will not allow people to harm minorities [Arabs] or suspects,” then-acting police commissioner Asst.-Ch. Bentzi Sau had said about the incident in which Zarhum, who was first mistakenly shot by security guards and then set upon by bystanders, who kicked him and dropped a metal bench on his head after he was incapacitated and lying on the floor.According to the indictment, Muial and Cohen both harmed Zarhum by placing a stool on him, while Shimba and Dimri harmed him by kicking him in the head and the upper body.All of this occurred at a point when it was clear that Zarhum was no threat and badly wounded, bleeding out on the floor, the indictment stated.When it was announced in November 2015 that the five suspects were under investigation, there was no announcement about prosecuting Zarhum's shooter, but a Justice Ministry spokeswoman confirmed that he would not be prosecuted because an investigation had shown that his mistaken shooting of Zarhum was justified under the circumstances and was not based on extraneous considerations, such as his Eritrean ethnicity.The Justice Ministry also indicated that security officials and civilians had tried to stop the five suspects from attacking Zarhum after he was lying wounded on the floor, but the five had persisted.The Defense Ministry and National Insurance Institute have paid Zarhum's family benefits granted to relatives of terrorist victims, even though the law holds that only Israeli residents, citizens or others who entered the country legally are eligible for such benefits.
Aishwarya Rajesh Joins The Cast Of Saamy Square
In an exciting development, Aishwarya has been roped in to play a pivotal role in Vikram's Saamy Square. Confirming the good news, the makers released some photos in which she can be seen alongside the actor. As expected, the two make a terrific pair.
She Is Trisha's Replacement
Saamy Square is a sequel to the 2003 action-drama Saamy. The original film had Trisha Krishnan in the lead and did well at the box office. As such, the makers initially roped in the Nayagi star for the sequel as well. However, she walked out of the project citing 'creative differences' with the team. While the makers tried to convince her to return, the lady refused to entertain their plea. Following this, Aishwarya signed the film.
About Saamy Square
Just like the first part, Saamy Square is being directed by Hari and is going to be an action-packed affair. Besides Vikram and Aishwarya, the film also features Bobby Simhaa and actress Keerthy Suresh in the lead.
A Busy Time For Aishwarya
As it so happens, Aishwarya is going through a terrific phase on the professional front. She will soon be seen in Gautam Menon's Dhruva Natchathiram. Incidentally, like Saamy Square the spy-thriller too has Vikram in the lead. The young miss will also be seen in Mani Ratnam's Chekka Chivantha Vaanam. The film is a multi-starrer and will see her act alongside Arvind Swami and Jyothika. She also has the eagerly-awaited Vada Chennai in her kitty. The crime-drama has Dhanush in the lead and is a Vetrimaaran directorial. All in all, the era of the 'Chennai Ponnu' is truly upon us.
Photo: Scott Kirkland / PictureGroup / Sipa / USA Today
By Scott T. Sterling
Diplo has a brand-new look, and it's his hottest yet.
Related: Diplo Donates $100k to Vegas Victims' Relief Fund
The notorious DJ took it upon himself to join Kanye West's Yeezy Season 6 promo campaign, sharing his own inimitable take on a recent photo shoot for the collection.
In case you missed it, the shoot features the likes of Paris Hilton, model Amina Blue and adult film actress Lela Star all posing as Kim Kardashian from a series of famous paparazzi photos.
Diplo hopped on social media to share his very unofficial contribution to the campaign, which is quite frankly, flawless.
See the stunning results below.
Don't just take our word for it. Kim Kardashian herself has seen the photos, and she's all about them, sharing her response on Twitter.
A topless Diplo rocking a waist-length blond wig is one very hot Diplo. Here's hoping he holds onto this edgy new style for a while.
A 26-year-old Yorkville man was taken into custody on Tuesday, June 13 and charged with robbing a North Aurora liquor store earlier this month.
North Aurora police are thanking the public for its help in identifying the suspect, Jordan Burgos, 0-99 block of Highview Drive, Yorkville, after security footage of the robbery was widely shared in the press and on social media.
“The tips were vital to the case and are great examples of the public and police working together to make our communities safer,” North Aurora Police Department Deputy Chief Scott Buziecki said.
The security footage shows Burgos pull a weapon on a male clerk at a business in the 0-99 block of S. Lincolnway on June 6. Burgos is given cash and flees the scene.
North Aurora police shared the video widely on social media and in the press.
“Thanks to numerous tips from the public in the days following this incident, investigators from the North Aurora Police Department were able to identify the suspect,” Buziecki said.
Burgos was arrested on June 13 when he was spotted by a clerk at an Aurora liquor store in the 900 block of S. Lake St. (Route 31) at around 7:45 p.m.
The clerk recognized Burgos from photos and videos in the media and contacted police. By the time officers arrived, Burgos had already left the store and was traveling southbound on Lake Street in a silver Audi, according to police.
While officers were viewing surveillance video in the store, another officer located the silver Audi going northbound at Lake Street and Ashland Avenue, Buziecki said
An officer attempted to pull Burgos over, but he did not stop and a vehicle pursuit by Aurora and North Aurora Police ensued.
Burgos refused to stop, crossed the double yellow lines, exceeded the speed limit, and drove through three red lights during the chase, Buziecki said
He was eventually pulled over at Lincolnway (Route 31) and Airport Road in North Aurora and was taken into custody without further incident.
Burgos was transported to the North Aurora Police Department for booking on an Armed Robbery charge and later transported to the Aurora Police Department to be held on charges of Aggravated Fleeing & Eluding, a Class 4 felony, and several traffic violations. He is also being held on a parole violation (no bond) warrant from the Illinois Department of Corrections, police said.
— Yorkville man charged in North Robbery armed robbery —
VANCOUVER, BC--(Marketwired - February 15, 2017) - On Thursday, Feb. 16, the Fraser Institute will release a new study examining carbon pricing.
Examining the Revenue Neutrality of British Columbia's Carbon Tax examines whether or not carbon tax revenues are properly offset by tax reductions in other areas, and how much the B.C. government collects in higher taxes.
Revenue neutrality was a promise of the B.C. government when the new tax was introduced in 2008.
The federal government is requiring the provinces to adopt a carbon pricing system by 2018, and many policymakers are eyeing B.C.'s carbon tax as a model to follow, in part because of its alleged revenue neutrality.
A news release with additional information will be issued via Marketwired on Thursday, Feb. 16 at 5:00 a.m. (Eastern).
Follow the Fraser Institute on Twitter | Become a fan on Facebook
The Fraser Institute is an independent Canadian public policy research and educational organization with offices in Vancouver, Calgary, Toronto, and Montreal and ties to a global network of think-tanks in 87 countries. Its mission is to improve the quality of life for Canadians, their families and future generations by studying, measuring and broadly communicating the effects of government policies, entrepreneurship and choice on their well-being. To protect the Institute's independence, it does not accept grants from governments or contracts for research. Visit www.fraserinstitute.org
1:22 Kindergartners make plea for recess Pause
1:35 Mattingly talks about José Fernandez at spring training
2:23 Konpa champ Gazzman Couleur and dISIP play Hollywood Live
0:58 Wade on Riley: 'I have nothing to squash, I'm thankful for what we were able to build here'
0:35 Dwyane Wade gets thunderous applause when taking the court against the Miami Heat
0:54 Cubans executed by Castro regime on display in the European Parliament
2:40 Miami Dolphins draft pick Laremy Tunsil addresses media after allergic reaction
1:08 Dolphins Wake: I've been an underdog since day one
1:09 Adam Gase reflects on Dolphins' loss to Steelers
At the 42nd hearing in a lengthy trial centred on the assassination of prominent legal expert Ko Ni, lawyers for three of the four defendants detained in connection with the killing argued that their clients should be released because the prosecution had failed to present compelling evidence implicating them.
Lawyers for suspected co-conspirators Aung Win Zaw, Aung Win Tun and Zeyar Phyo told Yangon's Northern District Court that the prosecution did not meet the burden of proof required to continue a case against them. The three men are accused of various degrees of involvement in Ko Ni's killing.
Ko Ni was gunned down in broad daylight at Yangon International Airport on 29 January 2017. The alleged assassin, Kyi Lin, was arrested at the airport shortly after the murder, in large part thanks to a vigilante cohort that chased him down including 42-year-old Nay Win, who was also shot dead in pursuit of the gunman.
Aung Khine, a lawyer for Aung Win Zaw and Aung Win Tun, told the court on Friday that CCTV footage showing Aung Win Zaw at the airport on 29 January of last year was not enough to tie him to the killing.
“Will they be imprisoned based only on a CCTV recording?” he asked the court, adding that “there is no evidence that Aung Win Zaw conspired with Kyi Lin. I want to argue for the release of Aung Win Zaw and Aung Win Tun before any decision regarding [whether or not] to continue testimony.”
The court has already heard testimony from more than 70 people as the case enters its second year.
Another lawyer, for Zeyar Phyo, also argued that no evidence was provided to back the prosecution's claim that he had given money to Aung Win Khine — the alleged mastermind of the assassination who remains a fugitive and is accused of then paying off Kyi Lin to carry out the killing.
“I also want to argue for the release of Zeyar Phyo,” the lawyer said.
A lawyer for the prosecution, Nay La, confirmed to reporters after Friday's hearing that the defence's strategy was to get charges dropped against three of the four men on trial, framing Kyi Lin as a lone actor in the killing.
“I don't agree that it must be decided whether to continue the case or not with only direct witnesses or evidence,” said Nay La.
The next trial is scheduled for 9 February, at which the judges will decide whether the case against the three men will proceed.
They are being tried under section 34 of the Penal Code, a charge brought against alleged co-conspirators of a crime that could render them liable to the same criminal penalties faced by Kyi Lin. He is facing charges of murder and a provision under Burma's Arms Act.
There was a small but notable contingent of nationalists supporting the defendants outside the courthouse before Friday's hearing, including a man whose T-shirt was imprinted with the words “Htamin wa aung sa htar.” The Burmese phrase roughly translates to “Eat while you can,” and can be either genial or menacing, depending on the tone and context. He gave identical T-shirts to the four defendants appearing in court on Friday, breathing new life into a controversy that began last month.
According to lawyer for the prosecution Robert San Aung, the defendant Aung Win Zaw used the phrase in a threatening manner directed at journalists and attorneys for the prosecution at a previous hearing on 12 January.
Aung Win Zaw denies that he threatened the lawyers and journalists in attendance at the hearing last month, however. He has said he intends to sue Robert San Aung under section 8(f) of the 2017 Law Protecting the Privacy and Security of Citizens, which covers unlawfully interfering “with a citizen's personal or family matters or act[ing] in any way to slander or harm their reputation.”
While the defendant's words may be in dispute, support for the man most likely to see time behind bars was unequivocal from the half-dozen nationalists gathered outside the courthouse on Friday.
“He [Kyi Lin] did what he is supposed to do. We came here to pay our respects to him. We don't have other intentions,” said Myat Phone Mo.
Since Ko Ni's assassination, speculation has swirled about the motive for the killing, with a fringe segment of the Buddhist nationalist movement praising Kyi Lin for taking the life of the country's most influential Muslim legal scholar.
Lawyer for the prosecution Khin Maung Htay said the message and antics of supporters such as Myat Phone Mo posed a threat to journalists and prosecuting attorneys, and he criticised police for allowing it.
“The police force did not prevent them,” he said.
How To Quell Wanderlust Between TripsFive tips to help cope with the strong desire to get away from it all in advance of your next big trip
5 Best Ski Lodges In The U.S.A look at five of the very best ski lodges in the United States.
Five Must-See Destinations In ParisWithin the 41 square miles of Paris, France there are over 60 main attractions for visitors to discover ranging from Museums, Churches, Monuments and Squares as well as examples of contemporary and traditional architecture. This is far too many sites for the average tourist to attempt to visit during a short stay in the city of lights. Thus a list of the five most famous and must see attractions is in order.
Five Essential Planning Tips For Your European VacationNothing beats traveling abroad. It's educational, invigorating and just plain fun. With the Pound and Euro inching closer to the value of the U.S. Dollar there has never been a better time to explore new lands. In order to get the very best experience out of your trip it is essential that you put a lot of thought and planning in your preparation. The more pre-planning that you do, the fewer hassles during your travels. Here are some basic tips to get you started on your next “Trip of a Lifetime!”
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — Jimmy Butler scored 30 points, Karl-Anthony Towns had 22 points and 16 rebounds for his league-leading 47th double-double, and the Minnesota Timberwolves beat the New Orleans Pelicans 118-107 on Saturday night.
In front of a capacity crowd dotted with celebrities in town for Sunday's Super Bowl, the Wolves dominated from the start en route to their 12th straight home win and a four-game season sweep of the Pelicans.
Anthony Davis led New Orleans with 38 points and managed to keep the Pelicans from getting completely blown out in the first quarter, when the Wolves opened a 22-6 lead. Davis scored 19 first-quarter points to help the Pelicans pull within single digits at times, but Minnesota had an answer for every run and shot 50.5 percent on the night to steadily maintain its lead.
Nikola Mirotic scored 18 points on 6-of-13 shooting in his first game for New Orleans since being traded from Chicago on Thursday for Omer Asik, Tony Allen and Jameer Nelson. Mirotic hit back-to-back 3-pointers in the third to pull the Pelicans to 90-79 before Towns closed the quarter with a three-point play and a dunk.
Tyus Jones had 15 points off the bench for the Wolves. Andrew Wiggins had 15 points for Minnesota and Taj Gibson added 12.
TIP-INS
Pelicans: The team gave Emeka Okafor another shot at the NBA by signing the veteran forward to a 10-day contract. Okafor last played in the NBA in 2013 before being sidelined by a neck injury. He's played 26 games in the G League this year, averaging 6.8 points and eight rebounds per game. “Obviously it's a never-give-up attitude to get your way back to where he is right now, and so it's just a matter of him being able to perform and stay at this level,” coach Alvin Gentry said. Okafor was available but didn't play.
Timberwolves: Some of the faces spotted in the crowd included Floyd Mayweather, Sting, Shaggy, Guy Fieri, Antonio Brown and Tony Gonzalez. . Coach Tom Thibodeau had no comment on recent ESPN reports that Shabazz Muhammad has requested a trade. “I didn't see it,” said Thibodeau, who is also the team's president of basketball operations.
UP NEXT
Pelicans: Host Utah on Monday night.
Timberwolves: At Cleveland on Wednesday night.
(© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
CEDAR KNOLLS, NJ--(Marketwired - Feb 14, 2017) - MYOS RENS Technology Inc. (the "Company") ( NASDAQ : MYOS) today announced that its Board of Directors ("Board") has adopted a shareholder rights plan (the "Rights Plan").
The Board adopted the Rights Plan to ensure that the Board remains in the best position to perform its fiduciary duties and enable all of the Company's shareholders to receive fair and equal treatment. The Rights Plan is also designed to allow all of the Company's shareholders to realize the long-term value of their investment by reducing the likelihood that any person or group would gain control of the Company through open market accumulation without appropriately compensating its shareholders for such control or providing the Board sufficient time to make an informed judgment.
The Company's commitment to driving shareholder value remains steadfast through a focused growth strategy of targeted clinical trials, launching new brands and establishing strategic partnerships. The Company believes the adoption of the Rights Plan will allow it to continue to execute its strategy.
While the Company does not comment on specific discussions with shareholders, it welcomes all constructive input towards the goals of positioning the Company as a leading bio-nutrition focused company and enhancing shareholder value.
The Rights Plan is similar to plans adopted by numerous publicly traded companies. It was not adopted in response to any specific takeover bid or other proposal to acquire control of the Company.
Pursuant to the Rights Plan, the Company is issuing one right for each share of its common stock outstanding at the close of business on February 24, 2017.
Under the Rights Plan, the rights will generally become exercisable only if a person or group acquires beneficial ownership of 10% or more of the Company's common stock. In that situation, each holder of a right (other than such acquiring person or group, whose rights will become void and will not be exercisable) will be entitled to purchase, at the then-current exercise price, additional shares of common stock having a market value of twice the exercise price of the right. Any existing shareholder or group that has beneficial ownership of 10% or more of the Company's common stock will be grandfathered at its current ownership level, but the rights will become exercisable if at any time after the announcement of the Rights Plan such shareholder or group increases its ownership of the common stock.
At any time after any person or group acquires beneficial ownership of 10% or more of the Company's common stock, the Board, at its option, may exchange each right (other than rights owned by such acquiring person or group which will have become void) in whole or in part, at an exchange ratio of two shares of common stock per outstanding right (subject to adjustment).
The rights will expire on February 14, 2020. The Board may redeem the rights for $0.001 per right at any time before an event that causes the rights to become exercisable.
Further details regarding the Rights Plan are contained in a Form 8-K filed by the Company with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on February 14, 2017.
About MYOS RENS Technology Inc.
MYOS RENS Technology (MYOS), "The Muscle Company™", is a Cedar knoll, NJ-based biotherapeutics and bionutrition company focused on developing products that improve muscle health and performance and bringing them to market. MYOS is the owner of Fortetropin®, the world's first clinically demonstrated myostatin reducer. Myostatin is a natural regulatory protein, which inhibits muscle growth and recovery. Fortetropin® is manufactured to optimize biological activity, which MYOS believes has the potential to redefine existing standards of physical health and wellness enhancement. For more information on MYOS and its proprietary ingredient, Fortetropin®, visit www.myosrens.com.
Forward-Looking Statements
Any statements in this release that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. Actual results may differ materially from those projected or implied in any forward-looking statements. Such statements involve risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those relating to product and customer demand, market acceptance of our products, the ability to create new products through research and development, the successful launch of our products, the success of our research and development, the results of the clinical evaluation of Fortetropin® and its effects, the ability to enter into partnership opportunities, the ability to generate the forecasted revenue stream and cash flow from sales of our products, the ability to achieve a sustainable, profitable business, the effect of economic conditions, the ability to protect our intellectual property rights, competition from other providers and products, the continued listing of our securities on the Nasdaq Stock Market, risks in product development, our ability to raise capital to fund continuing operations, and other factors discussed from time to time in the Company's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement for events or circumstances after the date on which such statement is made except as required by law.
These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. Our products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease.
With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy, it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry. But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone, consumers deci...
Manchester City manager, Pep Guardiola, has revealed that the end of his coaching career is near. The 45-year-old signed a three-year contract at the Etihad Stadium last summer, but says he might not go on till he is 60. “I will be at Manchester for the next three seasons, maybe more, but I am arriving […]
British artist Simon Beck straps on a pair of snowshoes and uses his feet to create incredible designs in the snow, a practice he's perfected all over the world. For his latest work, Beck went to Minnesota ahead of Super Bowl LII, and over the course of a few days created a stunning piece of art at the Twins' snow-covered Target Park.
The Twins shot an amazing time-lapse video showing Beck at work.
LOS ANGELES, CA--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) - Marathon Patent Group, Inc. ( NASDAQ : MARA) ("Marathon" or "Company"), an IP licensing and management company, today that its wholly-owned subsidiary, Munitech IP S.a.r.l., ("Munitech"), has entered into a settlement and license agreement with four defendants. The consideration to be paid to Munitech and all other terms of the license agreement are confidential.
Patent infringement lawsuits remain against the following companies in the Regional Court of Dusseldorf in Germany.
Xiaomi Technology Co. LTD.
Telecom Deutschland GmbH
Vodafone GmbH
Telefonica Germany GmbH & Co. OHG
The Munitech patents cover W-CDMA and GSM cellular technology. Significantly, most of the patent families have been declared to be Standard Essential Patents ("SEPs") with the European Telecommunications Standard Institute ("ETSI") and/or the Association of Radio Industries and Businesses ("ARIB") related to Long Term Evolution ("LTE"), Universal Mobile Telecommunications System ("UMTS"), and/or General Packet Radio Service ("GPRS").
About Marathon Patent Group, Inc.
Marathon is an IP licensing and management company. The Company acquires and manages IP rights from a variety of sources, including large and small corporations, universities and other IP owners. Marathon has a global focus on IP acquisition and management.
Forward-Looking Statements
Statements made in this press release include forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, regarding, but not limited to, the amount and use of proceeds the Company expects to receive from the sale of the shares of common stock in the registered direct offering and the closing of the transactions. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of words such as "may," "will," "plan," "should," "expect," "anticipate," "estimate," "continue," or comparable terminology. Such forward-looking statements are inherently subject to certain risks, trends and uncertainties, many of which the Company cannot predict with accuracy and some of which the Company might not even anticipate, and involve factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or suggested. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and are advised to consider the factors listed above together with the additional factors under the heading "Risk Factors" in the Company's Annual Reports on Form 10-K, as may be supplemented or amended by the Company's Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. The Company assumes no obligation to update or supplement forward-looking statements that become untrue because of subsequent events, new information or otherwise.
Covered California #CoveredInArt bus tour stops in Fresno
Covered California kicked off open enrollment Nov. 1 with a comprehensive marketing and outreach campaign including ads and a 22-city bus tour to promote enrollment in health insurance. The “Covered in Art” bus tour traveled 1,300 miles during the seven-day outreach campaign to promote enrollment in health insurance making stops in communities across California, including several in the Central Valley. The statewide bus tour stopped in Fresno on Saturday, Nov. 3 at Clínica Sierra Vista on Divisadero Street.
TAMPA, Fla. (AP) — Police in Florida say an angry dog sent three people to the hospital after one tried to put a sweater on it.
Tampa police say the pit bull mix named Scarface bit a 52-year-old woman who was trying to dress him on Friday and her husband was attacked while trying to pull the dog off of her. Police say the couple's 22-year-old son was attacked while trying to stop the dog by stabbing it in the neck and head.
The three people escaped the house and left the dog in the backyard.
Police say animal control officers shot it with a tranquilizer gun, but it managed to get back into the house where there were two children present. Police used a bean bag gun and stun gun on the animal before catching it.
If Patrick Reed and Jordan Spieth — both of whom were Ryder Cup teammates and are Texas natives — weren't friendly, this moment from Sunday's final round of the Arnold Palmer Invitational might come off as serious shade.
Reed was in trouble near the green of No. 11 at Bay Hill and asked a rules official for free relief. During their back and forth, Reed dropped this nugget: “I guess my name needs to be Jordan Spieth, guys.”
Reed with a little shade towards Spieth! pic.twitter.com/nsLdR10r7U — Deuce (@ssteele55) March 19, 2018
The official didn't appear to take kindly to that and told him to play it as is.
Per Golfweek, Reed appeared to be referencing Spieth's insane 13-hole adventure at the 2017 British Open that included getting relief from a TaylorMade van, which then led to this shot and an eventual victory:
SUDOKU 2-14-17
Fun By The Numbers
Like puzzles? Then you'll love sudoku. This mind-bending puzzle will have you hooked from the moment you square off, so sharpen your pencil and put your sudoku savvy to the test!
Here's How It Works:
Sudoku puzzles are formatted as a 9×9 grid, broken down into nine 3×3 boxes. To solve a sudoku, the numbers 1 through 9 must fill each row, column and box. Each number can appear only once in each row, column and box. You can figure out the order in which the numbers will appear by using the numeric clues already provided in the boxes. The more numbers you name, the easier it gets to solve the puzzle!
See solution in next week's edition.
Challenging Star Darshan's 50th film, Kurukshetra's filming is going on in full swing. According to the casting director, most of the cast have been finalized, but, the team is still searching for a famous actor to essay Arjuna's role.
By the way, filming for Kurukshetra will take place in just one schedule which is said to last for 100 days, and will entirely be shot at Ramoji Film City in Hyderabad.
As every Indian knows, the episode of Draupadi's disrobing was also one of the major reasons for the Battle of Kurukshetra in Mahabharat. It was Dushyasana who disrobed Draupadi, as per the orders from his elder brother Duryodhana.
Since Kurukshetra film also encompasses the disrobing episode, everyone were inquisitive to know who would essay the role of Dushyasana in the film.
According to our sources, an actor has now been finalized for Dushyasana's role in the film, thus bringing a closure to all speculations.
One of the most talented and underrated actors of Sandalwood, Ravi Chetan, has been roped in to essay Dushyasana's role in Muniratna's Kurukshetra.
Ravi Chetan has previously acted in a lot of films, playing supportive roles in Darshan, Sudeep, Vishnuvardhan, Shivarajkumar and a few other movies.
Although this news is still unconfirmed by Kurukshetra film team, our sources believe that the actor has already been finalized and he will start shooting in a couple of days.
Gyms and dating apps typically see a surge in use in January. The two endeavors are, perhaps, not unrelated.
But not everyone can pull off a selfie, and those who do should probably take them sparingly, if academic research is to be believed. For men, professional headshots and photos with facial hair were rated the highest and, for women, photos showing the person singing or playing an instrument, playing a sport or wearing a bikini were rated the highest, according to a survey of 2,000 profiles by The Grade dating app. The Grade aims to help people rate their profile picture, messages and overall profile on a scale from A to F based on profile quality, responsiveness and message quality available for everyone to see. Photos with tattoos and eyeglasses were among the lowest rated for women and hat wearers were among the lowest rated photos for men.
While online daters think their photos are relatively accurate, independent judges rated one third of online dating photos as inaccurate, according to research carried out by Catalina Toma, assistant professor in the Department of Communication Arts at the University of Wisconsin-Madison. For that reason, she recommends posting a variety of recent photos. “Female photographs were judged as less accurate than male photographs, and were more likely to be older, to be retouched or taken by a professional photographer, and to contain inconsistencies, including changes in hairstyle and skin quality,” the research found.
Read: 10 things dating sites won't tell you
The surge in photo-centric, location-based dating apps proves one thing: People are more interested in your pictures than a lengthy essay about your hopes and dreams. For the New Year, this writer has posed for various photos (and used some that should have been deleted shortly after they were taken) to show you what NOT to do when online dating. Here are 10 biggest mistakes people make when they upload photos to a dating site or app:
Shaquille O'Neal wears many hats. He's an actor. He's a rapper. He's an expert GIF-maker. He's an analyst. He's also a minority owner of the Sacramento Kings.
Considering those last two titles, you'd think O'Neal would be fully up to date on all the major NBA offseason moves, especially those involving Sacramento. That doesn't appear to be the case, as O'Neal seems to be under the impression that the Kings signed restricted free agent Otto Porter Jr.
They did not…
Hold on a sec… Shaq said WHAT?! about Otto Porter on the Wizards Tipoff podcast? Listen to the full podcast here: https://t.co/vL1gMjbSLh pic.twitter.com/o7iDO2A65h — CSN Wizards (@CSNWizards) August 11, 2017
“They lost an important piece, Otto Porter. He's now playing for my team in Sacramento.”
The Kings had reportedly offered Porter a contract but that was never made official. The Nets, however, did offer the forward a max contract, only for the Wizards to match it and lock Porter up.
Porter was never really close to becoming a member of the Kings. Somebody should probably let Shaq know or he'll be very disappointed come opening night.
[H/T NBC Sports]
I shared a “Letter of Instruction” with the class, “It's My Money , My Stuff and My Life” sponsored by the Greene County Council on Aging a few days ago.
The response was very positive but I reminded them filling out this document is time consuming but can help minimize attorney costs and save time for the executor of your estate. Although it is not a legal document it provides a good place to list family members names and addresses, assets including bank/saving accounts, stocks and bonds.
Also liabilities including credit cards, loans, insurance policies, and other holdings which need to be addressed on your death or incapacitation are noted. Also listed are things like Social Security numbers, passwords for accounts, and many other pieces of information your executor or power of attorney will need. All of these things and others can be complicated and depending on your filing and organization skills this document can help minimize the challenge of finding the important information related to your estate.
Consider helping your family by completing one of these documents and letting your attorney and executor or power of attorney know such a document exists. Keep in mind this “Letter of Instruction” is not a legal document but does contain a lot of personal information like account and policy numbers, SS numbers and much more! It is important to share this document with your attorney, executor or power of attorney but keep in mind it contains much personal and financial information so be careful when this document is shared especially with your named administrator to minimize potential problems.
With this information they could do a lot with your financial holdings. Some people take out all of the Social Security numbers, policy numbers etc. before giving a copy to anyone other than their attorney. If you would like a copy emailed to you send me a note and your email to mahan.2@att.net.
Scholarship deadlines
Greene County Farm Forum will award up to $5,000 in scholarships to deserving current year graduating from students or college freshmen pursuing higher education in a field related to agriculture. Those applying must be a resident of Greene County or have attended county schools. Applications are due April 20 and for an application email scholarship chair Jim Byrd at: byrdhouse9@sbcglobal.net or call him at 937-429-1805. The Farm Forum has awarded more than $19,600 to deserving recipients studying programs in agriculture.
Greene County Farm Bureau will award up to two $1,500 scholarships for the 2017-2018 academic year. The scholarship recipients will be recognized at the Greene County Farm Bureau 2018 Annual Meeting to be held in August. Applicant must be an active member of Greene County Farm Bureau when applying for the scholarship, or have a parent, grandparent or guardian who is a Greene County Farm Bureau member.
Applications must be submitted on or before April 15. For a copy of the application log on to: https://ofbf.org/counties/Greene/ and scroll down to scholarship.
Farm bureau memberships
The Greene County Farm Bureau board under the leadership of President Dan Jones and Membership chair Dan Robinette are making the final push to increase membership in Ohio Farm Bureau by the end of March.
Membership dues are $85 for active farmer members but other community and young actives are available. Membership categories were initiated to involve more groups in helping give input into Ohio agriculture.
The Young Active member is for those age 18-24 ($25) while the Community membership $85 is for those interested in agriculture but not farming. There is a Group Membership $72 for businesses interested in agriculture as well. For more information on membership log on to: https://ofbf.org/counties/Greene/ or call the regional office in Wilmington at 937-382-4407 and ask for Ashley Rose.
The Ohio Farm Bureau has been instrumental in updating the CAUV requirements, funding water quality research and representing farmers and landowners in agriculture related legislation.
Crabgrass
We are coming up on the time (early April) when homeowners normally apply crabgrass control products to the lawn. Crabgrass control products are designed to prevent crabgrass seed from germinating. Each year is different in terms of soil temperature at the end of March and first week or two in April.
We normally look at applying pre-emergent crabgrass control products around April 10-15 but soil temperature dictates when crabgrass seed will germinate. Crabgrass is an annual grass and germination is tied to soil temperature. Crabgrass seed will germinate when we have the nighttime soil temperature not dropping below 52-54 degrees F. for five evenings in a row. You can track our soil temperatures at this Michigan State Univ. website: www.gddtracker.net/.
Use this website to track the amount of warmth the soil has accumulated in growing degree days (GDD) using 32 degrees F. as the base temperature. This website also tracks growing degree days using other temperatures as a base so watch which you use. Another way to determine when to apply pre-emergent crabgrass control is to link it to the blooming time of forsythia or ornamental pear trees. Sadly, the more fertilizer you apply this time of year the more often you have to mow as most of the nutrients go to the growth of the grass leaf blades and not into the root system.
Remember the clock starts ticking with reference to the length of time the crabgrass control product will work after you apply it. Applying pre-emergent crabgrass material earlier than April depending on soil temperatures may shorten the time the product is effective and permit crabgrass to germinate later in the season depending on the product you are using.
Submitted photo Greene County Farm Bureau President Dan Jones and membership Chair Dan Robinette. http://www.fairborndailyherald.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/50/2018/03/web1_HomeFarm.jpg Submitted photo Greene County Farm Bureau President Dan Jones and membership Chair Dan Robinette.
By Jerry Mahan
Jerry Mahan is a retired OSU Extension Educator Agriculture and Natural Resources for Greene County. He can be reached by email at: mahan.2@att.net.
Jerry Mahan is a retired OSU Extension Educator Agriculture and Natural Resources for Greene County. He can be reached by email at: mahan.2@att.net.
The Best Of the Best From the Week That Was In Texoma Sports - December 10th
Facebook Targets 30,000 Fake France Accounts Before Election
Facebook says it has targeted 30,000 fake accounts linked to France ahead of the country's presidential election, as part of a worldwide effort against misinformation.
The company said Thursday it's trying to "reduce the spread of material generated through inauthentic activity, including spam, misinformation, or other deceptive content that is often shared by creators of fake accounts."
It said its efforts "enabled us to take action" against the French accounts and that it is removing sites with the highest traffic.
Facebook and French media are also running fact-checking programs in France to combat misleading information, especially around the campaign for the two-round April 23-May 7 presidential election.
European authorities have also pressured Facebook and Twitter to remove extremist propaganda or other postings that violate European hate speech or other laws.
Facebook ramped up its efforts against the spread of false news and misinformation on its service in December, a month after the U.S. presidential election. The company said at the time that it will focus on the "worst of the worst" offenders and partner with outside fact-checkers and news organizations to sort honest news reports from made-up stories.
It was accused of allowing the spread of false news in the months leading up to the U.S. election, which critics said may have helped sway the results in favor of Donald Trump. Since December, the company has broadened its efforts beyond the U.S.
Last week, it launched a resource to help users spot false news in 14 countries including the U.S., France and Germany. It's a notification, available for a few days, that leads users to a list of tips for spotting false news and ways to report it.
Facebook's other efforts include participating with other companies and tech industry leaders to establish a "news integrity" nonprofit organization to promote news literacy and increase the public's trust in journalism. A nascent Facebook Journalism Project , meanwhile, is a lofty effort to work with news organizations to develop products, provide tools for journalists and generally promote trust in news.
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock.
US forces catch suspect in deadly 2012 Benghazi attack A militant ​believed to have played a key role in the deadly 2012 attack on the US Embassy in Benghazi, Libya, was captured by US forces, it was revealed Monday....
Harvey Weinstein's Democratic elitism and other comments Harvey Weinstein's Brand of Liberalism Harvey Weinstein's association with American liberalism wasn't merely about proximity to political power or “moral absolution” — giving money to progressive causes, decrying racism and...
Clinton is off the hook in lawsuit filed by Benghazi families WASHINGTON — A federal judge threw out a lawsuit against Hillary Clinton by the parents of two Americans killed in the U.S. diplomatic compound in Benghazi, Libya, ruling the former...
Judge orders State Department to release more Benghazi emails A federal judge has ordered the State Department to release another batch of emails from Hillary Clinton's private server related to the 2012 terror attack on the US diplomatic compound...
Fresh evidence the Russia 'scandal' is a Team Obama operation Do you suspect that the noise over Trump campaign contacts with the Russians is just a political hit arranged by Obama insiders before they left? You got fresh evidence of...
Obama told us he's honorable — but he's just another liar At least President Obama is honest. Or so goes the common perception. He tried, maybe he made mistakes, the other side was mean to him, but through it all, he...
Benghazi victim's mom to attend third presidential debate The mother of a Benghazi victim who blames Hillary Clinton for her son's death will attend the third presidential debate on Wednesday — as a VIP guest of Donald Trump....
Clinton campaign chief rips Sidney Blumenthal in leaked email WASHINGTON — Sidney Blumenthal was one of Hillary Clinton's most prolific e-mailers during Benghazi, sending dozens of messages about the political situation in Libya before and after the attacks on...
Kerry took Trump's Syria advice, the voters' double standard, and other notable commentary Foreign desk: Kerry's Syria Ceasefire Is Trump's Plan The ceasefire John Kerry negotiated with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov shows the secretary of state and Donald Trump “are on the...
Liverpool failed to make significant inroads into Chelsea's lead at the top of the Premier League table after two Jermain Defoe penalties earned Sunderland a point in an absorbing 2-2 draw at the Stadium of Light.
Having cancelled out Daniel Sturridge's opener, the former England striker was again on target from 12 yards after Sadio Mane was penalised for handball having earlier restored Liverpool's lead.
And Defoe may feel it should have been a hat-trick of spot-kicks, with Emre Can have gone unpunished for an earlier handball in the box.
Mane looked to have snatched the three points when a loose Papy Djilobodji header presented him with a tap-in after 72 minutes, but it was his arm that stretched out of the Liverpool wall from a Sebastian Larsson free-kick to gift Sunderland the equaliser.
Massive character shown by the boys today to come back twice against a very good side! @IAmJermainDefoe at it again. 🔥🔥#SAFC — Victor Anichebe (@VictorAnichebe) January 2, 2017
The result leaves Liverpool five points adrift of Chelsea, who have a game in hand, while Sunderland are one point adrift of safety.
One point of concern for Liverpool will be that Sturridge, making his first start since mid-October, limped from the field following a Djilobodji challenge 10 minutes from time.
Defoe's deflected low drive called former Sunderland goalkeeper Simon Mignolet into action for the first time in the sixth minute as the hosts showed some promising early signs after their Burnley horror show on Saturday, but Liverpool have scored more goals than any other side in the Premier League this season and the threat at the other end was soon evident.
Vito Mannone got down well to his right to keep out Sturridge, while Georginio Wijnaldum's curling effort moments later needed palming over the crossbar.
2 - Sunderland are the first team to score two penalties in a Premier League game against Liverpool since West Brom in April 2011. Spot. — OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) January 2, 2017
Former Everton man Jack Rodwell has not been on a winning Sunderland side in any of his 33 league starts for the club but was at the centre of much of the early action, forcing Mignolet into another diving save before being booked for a rash challenge on Can.
Sturridge was denied again by Mannone but ensured it was a case of third time lucky when he reacted quickest to Dejan Lovren's scuffed volley from a corner, rising to head the bouncing ball over the Italian keeper and into the net from close range.
Liverpool's lead lasted just six minutes, though, with Defoe tucking a penalty inside the left-hand post after Didier Ndong was brought down by a combination of Wijnaldum and Ragnar Klavan in the box.
Defoe then squandered an opportunity to put the home side in front when he failed to navigate a way around Mignolet after being sent through on goal, and Fabio Borini's attempts to pick up the pieces amounted to a poor strike that went well wide.
15 - David Moyes has won just one of his last 16 @premierleague games as a manager against Liverpool (D5 L10). Denied. — OptaJoe (@OptaJoe) January 2, 2017
Another two Sturridge shots from range kept Mannone busy before the break, but goalscoring opportunities were in short supply early in the second half.
Mane failed to climb high enough when an inviting cross was sent into the box in the 56th minute, before Sunderland saw calls for another penalty ignored.
Can's arm appeared to make clear contact with the ball in the box, but referee Anthony Taylor waved play on.
It looked set to be particularly costly when Mane put Liverpool back in front, but Defoe once again showed typical composure from the spot to secure a hugely valuable point from the spot.
When Attorney General Jeff Sessions was asked how he viewed the car attack in Charlottesville, Va., here's how he responded:
"It does meet the definition of domestic terrorism in our statute," he told ABC's Good Morning America.
That certainly seems to suggest the government is looking into a possible terrorism charge against the suspect, James Alex Fields Jr., 20. At Saturday's rally organized by white supremacists, a car slammed into counter-protesters, killing one and injuring 19.
But according to the Justice Department and legal analysts, it's simply not possible for the government to file charges of domestic terrorism, because no such criminal law exists.
The Patriot Act does define domestic terrorism, and under this designation, the Justice Department has broad powers to investigate, said Neal Katyal, a Georgetown University law professor who served as President Barack Obama's acting solicitor general and as the national security adviser to the Justice Department.
He said the government has three basic ways to approach the Charlottesville case.
"Number one, this is a hate crime, under the hate crime statutes," he said. "The second is that this is a conspiracy to deprive individuals of civil rights."
"And the third is, this is an act of domestic terror, which isn't itself a crime," he noted. In short, the government can't file a criminal charge of domestic terrorism, but so defining the incident does allow it to investigate not only an individual suspect, but also any group the suspect may be affiliated with.
In an email to NPR, the Justice Department made the same point.
The state of Virginia, meanwhile, has charged Fields with second-degree murder and other crimes.
The Charlottesville case has again spurred a discussion about describing far-right violence as terrorism. After the al-Qaida attacks of Sept. 11, 2001, terrorism was associated primarily with radical Islamist groups based abroad.
The State Department has a list of nearly 60 groups, all foreign, that are identified as terrorist organizations. The vast majority are radical Islamists. And the government can charge a person — American or foreign — with terrorism on behalf of these international groups.
Consider this hypothetical: if the Charlottesville attacker emerged from the car and said he was acting on behalf of the Islamic State, he could be charged with international terrorism, according to Katyal.
Inside the U.S., the political debate appears to be shifting, with growing numbers calling for far-right extremism to be identified as terrorism. But that's almost entirely a political discussion, not a legal one.
On the legal front, there's still a good deal of resistance to creating a criminal charge of domestic terrorism.
"It's an incredibly broad label," said Hina Shamsi, director of the national security project at the American Civil Liberties Union. "There's a real danger of the government criminalizing ideology, theology and beliefs rather than focusing on specific criminal acts."
She said creating a domestic terrorism charge could quickly raise all sorts of political questions about free speech and religion. The ACLU opposes any such law, believing it could be politicized and used, for example, against anti-war groups or environmental activists.
Back in 1995, when Timothy McVeigh killed 168 people with a truck bomb at a federal building in Oklahoma City, it was widely described as the worst act of domestic terrorism to that point.
Yet he was charged, convicted and executed for killing federal agents and other crimes — but not terrorism.
The government has historically used the term "terrorism" as a general description for a range of violent acts, including those by right-wing extremists, as well as environmental, anti-abortion and far-left groups. But the specific criminal charge is never domestic terrorism.
Another case came to light Monday, when the Justice Department announced it had arrested a man for allegedly attempting to set off a truck bomb in front of a bank in Oklahoma City on Saturday.
The bomb didn't detonate, the department said. But its description of the case is similar to Timothy McVeigh's attack, claiming the suspect, Jerry Varnell, 23, was angry with the government.
The FBI's Joint Terrorism Task Force is leading what's being described as a "domestic terrorism investigation." Yet the formal charge against Varnell is "attempting to use explosives to destroy a building in interstate commerce."
Not terrorism.
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) – Authorities say two men pulling an ice house with a snowmobile had to be rescued Monday after falling through the ice on a lake near Eveleth.
The St. Louis County Sheriff's Office received a report just after 12:30 p.m. Monday that two people had fallen through the ice on St. Mary's Lake in Fayal Township, which is south of Eveleth. When first responders arrived, they found the two men clinging onto ice in an open area of water.
Rescuers got the two men off the water, and they were taken to Virginia Medical Center to be treated for hypothermia and exposure to the cold.
Authorities say the two men were traveling on a snowmobile and pulling an ice house and fish gear when they broke through the ice. The men were in the water for 30 to 45 minutes before they could signal for help.
The St. Louis County Sheriff's Office wants to remind the public that because of warmer and wet weather, ice conditions are not predictable on area lakes.
Police say an 8-year-old is suspected in the home day care death of a 1-year-old boy whose body was found concealed Friday morning in one of the home's bedrooms. Muskegon Police Chief Jeffrey Lewis told MLive.com the case's primary witness is a 5-year-old.
“The 1-year-old was crying, and it appears no one was attending to the child,” Lewis told MLive.com. “The 8-year-old dealt with the baby crying.”
Bryanna Reasonover, Korey Brown's mother, reportedly dropped Korey and two other children off on Thursday night. Reasonover said she returned to Keysha Keepers on Friday after work and found her son unresponsive in a Pack ‘n Play, according to WOODTV.com.
FAMILY CREATES #MUSTARDCHALLENGE TO RAISE FUNDS FOR CHILDHOOD CANCER IN HONOR OF DAUGHTER
While Lewis told MLive.com that there were no obvious injuries to Brown, Reasonover told Fox 17 she noticed bite marks and bruises on her son's face and fingers.
“When his face rolled over he had all these bruises on the side of his face,” she told Fox 17. “And that' when I said, ‘What's wrong with my baby's face?””
A 911 call was placed at 6:15 a.m. Friday, WZZM 13 reported, but CPR was not successful. Police said the 8-year-old was taken to Mercy Health Partners Hackley Campus for a mental evaluation.
“I thought I saw everything,” Lewis told MLive.com. “This one floors me. I can hardly get a grip on it.”
BOY CAN ONLY EAT 7 FOODS INCLUDING CHICK-FIL-A WAFFLE FRIES
Police are investigating where the adults were in the home at the time of the alleged incident, and that an autopsy to reveal the official cause of death is planned.
“This person that was involved in the death probably felt something was wrong,” Lewis told the news outlet. “If you're a child and break something, you try to hide it.”
Keysha Keepers's day care is licensed to tend to up to 12 children and is open 24 hours a day, MLive.com reported. It was first licensed in November 2016.
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
This article marks our 27th anniversary, with continuous publication from 16 April 1990 to today. I can barely wrap my head around that number. If it were a person, TidBITS would be old enough to drive, vote, drink, and rent a car. On the downside, it would no longer be able to piggyback on its parents' health insurance and should really move out of the basement already.
Speaking of parents, Tonya and I have been publishing TidBITS for so long that our son Tristan, to whom many of you sent email when he was born in 1999, is now an 18-year-old high school senior who will be starting the next phase of his life at Cornell University's College of Engineering this coming August. We're looking forward to stepping back from day-to-day parental responsibilities and once again setting our own sails — Life 2.0, we call it.
On the other side of the generation ravine, all our parents are now busily occupied by retirement. My most recent family tech support efforts went into helping my father and mother set up iCloud Photo Library so they could clean up their photo collection and run it as a screensaver on an old iMac that clings to life as a digital picture frame. They're also deep into the project of digitizing many hundreds of older family photos in line with Joe Kissell's recommendations in “Take Control of Your Digital Legacy.”
Chronologically, TidBITS falls between the passionate youngster charging off to challenge the world and the reflective retirees bringing order to the controlled chaos of lives long lived. But despite a healthy and well-trained heart that continues to beat regularly — the top-notch articles we publish every week — much of the rest of TidBITS feels increasingly creaky. We built our current technical infrastructure long ago, when homebrew was the only option, and while it continues to work as designed, expectations of a modern-day publication have evolved since.
This isn't news to us; we've been well aware of the problems for years, and have long been trying to figure out how to bring all — or even parts of — our infrastructure into today's world. But despite working with designers and developers, the enormity of the task has thus far proved too daunting, particularly while I have to write and edit articles and keep the business running. Starting from scratch would be vastly easier — I was able to spin up the membership-driven TidBITS Content Network site for Apple SOHO consultants in a few weeks.
Building a redesigned Web site that hosts 15,000 existing articles, a modern email delivery system for 20,000 subscribers, a membership management system for 2,600 TidBITS members, a content management system that enables fluid collaboration, and a collection of community discussion systems… that's an entirely different ball of wax. Especially when I can't throw a few hundred thousand dollars and a team of dedicated employees at the task, as is the modern way.
So I can't promise anything in this respect, but as we enter into beta testing on Life 2.0, I hope I'll be able to free up enough time and mental bandwidth to tackle these jobs. While it won't be simple, I'm eager to get started because piecing together the blocks of technical systems that replace inefficient older approaches is one of my favorite things to do.
What I can promise, thanks in large part to the yeoman efforts of Josh Centers, Agen Schmitz, Michael Cohen, Julio Ojeda-Zapata, and other writers, is that the reason you continue to read and support TidBITS will continue unabated. Each week, we'll keep bringing you articles whose topics we've selected for their utility, importance, and interest, and to which we've devoted significant time in developing, writing, and editing. That's the heart of what we do, and as long as it remains healthy, we can rebuild everything else over time.
For a chance to win N10,000 in cash in the NB Weekly Quiz, please review the NB Weekly magazine and answer the question that follows. The winner and runners-up will be selected at 12pm on the 19th of April 2017. Winner and runners-up will be displa...
WATCH: Romance was not in the air at the B.C. Legislature Valentine's Day as politicians returned for the last session before the next provincial election but tax cuts could be. Tess van Straaten reports.
Angry protesters aren't feeling the love this Valentine's Day as they gather outside the B.C. Legislature.
“The status quo of growth at all costs, polluted waterways, of trampling indigenous rights is no longer acceptable,” says protester Torrance Coste of the Wilderness Committee.
“We treasure our ocean, we treasure our whales, we treasure the land up in the Peace River and we're really angry that our liberal government is not standing up for what we really love,” adds protester Terry Dance-Bennink.
The sixth session of the 40th Parliament is the last session before the provincial election May 9th and that means a whole lot of political posturing — including a shot at the Trump administration.
“Risk is all around us,” Lieutenant Governor Judith Guichon read from the throne speech. “A weak global economy, the rising tide of protectionism in the United States and Europe. We must stand strong on our principles of open and fair trade.”
The throne speech is premier Christy Clark's last chance to offer some pre-election goodies.
It touched on housing, health care, education, jobs and even the opioid crisis.
But not much was new — except for the promise of using the $2.25 billion surplus to ‘pay British Columbians back'.
“Your government is now in a position to pay you back, to relieve some financial burdens and to invest in your household and your families,” Guichon said.
It's expected that will take the shape of a tax cut. But premier Clark isn't divulging any details until next week's budget is released, only saying that they thought long and hard what to do.
“When we have a surplus it means we're taking too much money from people in their taxes so we want to make sure we find ways to give that money back to citizens because I just don't believe government can spend people's money better than they can,” premier Clark told reporters.
But NDP leader John Horgan says it's nothing more than a bribe.
“When the Lieutenant Governor said ‘pay back', it's a good thing she didn't say ‘pay off' because that's what it sounds like to be just before the election,” Horgan says.
New Democrats say there are far bigger issues to talk about.
“There was no mention of the Ministry of Children and Family Development after the scathing report, yet another scathing report, we received last week on the death of Alex Gervais,” Horgan told reporters. “This is a self-serving effort by the B.C. Liberals to give people the impression they're working for them.”
Special envoy appointed to end softwood lumber dispute with U.S.
Forestry, and the current trade dispute with the United States , was also mentioned in the throne speech, along with the promise to send a special envoy to resolve the issue.
To that end, Premier Clark appointed former B.C. deputy minister David Emerson.
He's tasked with helping secure a new Softwood Lumber Agreement.
Emerson is a former Canfor CEO and he was the federal minister of international trade when a Softwood Lumber Agreement was signed in 2006
Clark says protecting jobs and the forestry industry are the number priority and it's “all hands on deck.”
Emerson is expected to go to Washington in March.
Trump says Oscars lacked star power -- like him President Trump blamed the Academy Awards' historically low ratings on the lack of stars – except for him. “The Lowest rated Oscars in HISTORY. Problem is, we don't have Stars anymore...
Oscar ratings plunge to a record low The Nielsen company said there was a 20 percent drop from the 33 million who watched the 2017 show.
The best and worst dressed at the Oscars Lights, cameras, action! Stars wore their best — or tried to — for the 90th Academy Awards. Here are the best and worst looks of the night. Best Lupita Nyong'o...
Oscar nominees get tons of free stuff — even if they lose It's an honor just to be nominated, the cliché goes. But earning an Academy Award nomination is much more than that. Even the actors and actresses who won't win an...
The most shocking upsets in Oscars history Major Oscar upsets have been a hallmark of the ceremony since it started in 1929. Notably, at last year's event, presenters Warren Beatty and Faye Dunaway handed the Best Picture...
The faces of Meryl Streep losing at the Oscars The queen of Hollywood has been nominated a record 21 times, and has won three Oscars thus far.
Harvey Weinstein 'Casting Couch' statue debuts pre-Oscars LOS ANGELES — A golden statue of a bathrobe-clad Harvey Weinstein seated on a couch is on display at a busy Los Angeles intersection near where the Academy Awards will...
Related Coverage 11-year-old killed in ATV crash
HAUBSTADT, Ind. (WEHT/WTVW) — Mitchell Steckler's former Little League coach says the empty spot in the dugout is nothing compared to the giant hole left in his family, friends, and teammates hearts.
Brian Alldredge, former Little League coach of Streckler's, said, He played baseball, basketball, and ran cross-country. He was just your everyday good kid — he was a great kid.”
Just a week after winning it all in a Little League 11-U tournament, little did Steckler's family, friends and teammates think they'd have that much more to lose.
Alldredge said, “I just couldn't believe it, just sad, just the same way everybody else in town, just heartbroken for the family.”
The 11-year-old lost his life with one sharp turn, doing the one thing he loved more than baseball: farming.
Steckler was crushed by his side-by-side ATV on Tuesday afternoon in the field he was farming with his family off Gibson County Road 350. But this accident was a little different than the others, according to Indiana conservation officers.
Matt Clark, an Indiana conservation officer said, “It wasn't a situation of him out riding around down the roadway being reckless. It's one of those unfortunate incidents where you know an accident happens.”
The vehicle also was different than most in ATV crashes, as it was a side by side, a vehicle potentially more powerful than a normal ATV. The side by side's roll cage landed on top of the boy.
Steckler was not wearing a helmet or a seat belt.
Clark said that “there's no way we can tell that, but I do think that it could have significantly reduced the chances of him being seriously hurt or killed.”
Alldredge says the Haubstadt Little League plans on remembering Mitchell by playing with his initials on their helmets this season and hopefully for more seasons to come.
Oracle Unveils Cloud-Native, Smart Security Management Suite
At Oracle OpenWorld in San Francisco this week, the company announced availability of its new cloud-native, intelligent security and management suite, which it describes as an "industry first." The new set of tools are designed to help enterprise IT staff predict and eliminate cybersecurity threats and to help resolve problems related to infrastructure performance.
The new offerings include the 'Oracle Management Cloud' and the 'Oracle Identity Security Operations Center' (SOC) portfolio of services. They use artificial intelligence, operational telemetry, and automated remediation to quickly adapt to evolving cyber threats.
With its advanced machine learning capabilities, the new Oracle services are intended to ward off hack attacks and security breaches, and reduce the detection window from months to minutes.
Management Cloud
As security threats continue to become more sophisticated and damaging, organizations need to take a fresh look at their security and management from the ground up. So says Oracle's Prakash Ramamurthy, senior VP of Security and Systems Management, who points out that "siloed enterprise approaches" to security and management are no longer sufficient.
The goal for Oracle's new tools is to make network security as seamless as possible for enterprise customers. The solution is a powerful, cloud-native suite that combines a comprehensive, unified data tier with intelligence provided by purpose-built machine learning. "The suite provides value in minutes," Ramamurthy said, "and can scale to become the nerve center of an enterprise's security and management efforts."
To ensure its machine learning algorithm has the right data needed for producing accurate, actionable insights, the Oracle Management Cloud can handle "massive raw data ingest" as well as "context-based enrichment" -- plus, the all-important steps for automated remediation. In combination, Oracle says these capabilities help make its Management Cloud an ideal solution for securing and managing complex enterprise networks.
Planning and Orchestration
The new 'Oracle Management Cloud' suite includes the Standard Edition services, plus 'Oracle IT Analytics Cloud Service' for estate-wide planning, and the new 'Oracle Orchestration Cloud Service.' With the Orchestration service, customers can choose to automate the entire problem identification and resolution process using machine learning.
In the crucial area of log management, Oracle has expanded its 'Oracle Log Analytics Cloud Service.' IT staff can now monitor and analyze security and operational logs from a wide variety of on-premises and cloud technologies. With unified monitoring, IT staff can ensure their log management efforts yield maximum value for their network security and operations teams.
Security Monitoring and Analytics
The new 'Oracle Security Monitoring and Analytics Cloud Service' -- which is now available -- provides the foundation for Oracle's Identity Security Operations Center. The service provides security incident and event management (SIEM), as well as user and entity behavioral analytics (UEBA).
It draws information from the 'Oracle CASB Cloud Service' which continually monitors cloud activity and looks for threat detection. The integrated service also accesses intelligence from logs produced by the Oracle Management Cloud.
Since the SIEM system has access to the full range of security and operational telemetry, customers benefit from a context-aware "single pane of glass" view to secure their networks, including public and hybrid cloud environments.
Configuration, Compliance, and Threat Detection
The new 'Oracle Configuration and Compliance Cloud Service' is also now available. This service is designed to ensure continuous compliance that is fully integrated with DevOps, aligning with regulatory requirements such as the EU's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
To further secure enterprise cloud networks, Oracle has also expanded its 'Oracle CASB Cloud Service' threat detection and data protection capabilities. This 'cloud access security broker' (CASB) service now offers enhanced data security for both structured and unstructured data.
New features include built-in Data Loss Prevention (DLP), improved threat prevention with new anti-malware and anti-ransomware capabilities, plus the ability to share its analytic conclusions across Oracle's Identity SOC portfolio.
Image credit: iStock.
Have you ever seen a U-Haul behind a hearse? Probably not.
Is death the only thing that we know for certain in our turbulent world? Yes.
Do you watch Mike and Frank in “American Pickers” as they travel throughout the country, locating stashes of stuff squirreled away in attics, basements and out buildings? I frequently take a vicarious trip with them to see what treasures they will unearth and watch them bargain with the owners of this rusty gold, as they term their finds.
The world's oldest person, supercentenarian Nabi Tajima, died on April 21, at age 117. She credited her longevity to “eating delicious things and sleeping well.” I wonder if she was a hoarder. I doubt it.
Within minutes of arriving at my maternal grandmother's house on the Cumberland River in Harlan County, Kentucky, I knew in my way or another I would get the message, “What did you bring me?”
I made certain I had something to proffer: a painting, glassware, and, if push came to shove, a box of Russell Stover chocolates.
When my grandmother, Viva Moore Adams, died in 1991 at age 96, she was the sole occupant of her seven-room house, which was filled with things as was most of a four-room house she also owned across her driveway.
Why did she want to acquire and acquire and acquire? What makes any of us do that? And more importantly, when and how do we decide to let go of things?
“Dostadning” is Swedish for death cleaning, and in January of this year, Margaret Magnusson released her book entitled, “The Gentle Art of Swedish Death Cleaning: How to Free Yourself and Your Family from a Lifetime of Clutter.”
Magnusson maintains that this decluttering can occur at any age or at any stage of life. My grandmother had not done this, as I believe she thought she would live forever.
Before her funeral, the will was read and after the Central Baptist Church service and the brief ceremony at the burial site at Huff Cemetery, the fun began. My mother and the five children of my grandmother's deceased daughter and son, the inheritors of her estate, began the process of cleaning out the houses. I left as I didn't want to see her homes disassembled with her belongings going in rented trucks to Ohio, Georgia, and Texas.
After my mother went to live in a nursing home in Toledo, some of my grandmother's possessions came my way: a marble-top table, a sewing machine, a large antique oval frame with my great grandfather's portrait and other pieces.
Knowing of my interest in education, my grandmother had given me her library table, which measures a sturdy five feet, decades ago. And in 1986, when I was on my way to become president of Lee College in Texas, she reluctantly gave me an opal and amethyst ring that had belonged to her youngest daughter, Muriel.
My grandson, Jack Tyler, recently bought his first home, so opportunity knocked. The piano I purchased a decade-plus ago, and that I never learned to play, went straight to his home — at a price of $275 to have it moved. He is the main musician in our family, so where else should it go? And I convinced him to take other items as well.
Hailey, my granddaughter, has been teaching math at a high school in Florida since earning a graduate degree at Wright State University and is returning to Ohio to teach this year. I have her name on several pieces. This list includes a wonderful and very large painting of Sabino Canyon, painted by artist Nancy Shuler, as well as a small painting done by that same artist.
Periodically, I donate a suitcase of books to the library at Edison State Community College, where I teach. I also teach a variety of courses to telecommunication employees, so I continue to buy books. My leisure reading is a part of my life as well, and I can usually read a book in a day. In my time, at least 5,000-plus books have passed through my hands. What if I had attempted to keep all of them?
I've always admired Henry David Thoreau's mantra of “Simplify, simplify.” I have a rock that I dug out of the ground at the site of his cabin at Walden Pond, and I'm holding on to that for now.
In conclusion, retired financial advisor Judy Hartman has experienced the labor, the pain, the hurt feelings that can occur when her clients have neglected “dostadning.” She says, “There are families who have difficulty deciding who gets what of the deceased's personal items, at times fighting over the smallest things. As I begin to dispose of my things, giving them away to friends and family who will treasure them, I get great pleasure in the process.”
Think on these things.
http://www.tdn-net.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/21/2018/04/web1_Blevins-Vivian-NEW-3.jpg
Vivian Blevins Contributing Columnist
Dr. Blevins has taught undergraduate and graduate students as well as prison inmates, and now teaches communication and American literature classes at Edison State Community College. Reach her at (937) 778-3815 or vbblevins@woh.rr.com.
Dr. Blevins has taught undergraduate and graduate students as well as prison inmates, and now teaches communication and American literature classes at Edison State Community College. Reach her at (937) 778-3815 or vbblevins@woh.rr.com.
Image copyright PA Image caption Natural Resources Wales said salmon stocks were at historically low levels
Proposed fishing byelaws making it mandatory for fishermen to release all salmon caught in Welsh rivers have been postponed until next year.
Natural Resources Wales (NRW) said the delay was because it wanted to "avoid uncertainty" for fishermen.
But the regulator said salmon stocks "are in serious trouble" and asked fishermen to release them voluntarily.
The Angling Trust welcomed the delay and said it hoped to demonstrate a voluntary approach could work well.
The proposed all Wales byelaws, which include restrictions on fishing methods to help the survival of released fish, are currently being considered by the Welsh Government.
NRW said Welsh salmon stocks remain in a "perilous condition" and that the mandatory release measure was necessary.
It said it had made its final decision and that there will not be "further debate" on the subject.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Anglers have objected to the proposed byelaws
Dave Mee, senior fisheries advisor for NRW, said: "Our salmon stocks are in serious trouble and have fallen to historically low levels and the same is true of about half of our sea trout stocks.
"It's also very important to take great care of returned fish. Fishing methods and tackle should be used that ensure fish have a high probability of survival."
Chief executive of the Angling Trust Mark Lloyd said they welcomed the delay of "highly damaging proposals that targeted anglers rather than the polluters and fish-eating birds that kill far more fish than we could ever dream of catching".
FBI Stayed Mum on Kremlin-Linked Hacks, Ignoring Its Own Policy
The FBI deviated from its own policy on notifying victims of computer hacking when it left many U.S. officials and other Americans in the dark about Kremlin-aligned attempts to break into their personal Gmail accounts, The Associated Press has learned.
FBI policy calls for notifying victims, whether individuals or groups, to help thwart both ongoing and future hacking attempts. The policy, which was released in a lawsuit filed earlier this year against the FBI by the nonprofit Electronic Privacy Information Center, says that notification should be considered "even when it may interfere with another investigation or (intelligence) operation."
The AP interviewed almost 80 Americans, including senior policymakers, and found only two who said they learned of the efforts to hack into their Gmail accounts from the FBI.
"It's just remarkable to me that the Bureau did not do what it was supposed to do," said Marc Rotenberg, executive director of the Electronic Privacy Information Center.
The FBI did not immediately respond to requests for comment on this story. Late last week, the agency declined to discuss its investigation into the spying campaign and said in a statement: "The FBI routinely notifies individuals and organizations of potential threat information."
However, three people familiar with the matter -- including a current and a former government official -- said the FBI has known for more than a year the details of the hacking attempts by a Russian government-aligned hacking group known as Fancy Bear.
A senior FBI official, who was not authorized to publicly discuss the hacking operation because of its sensitivity, said the Bureau was overwhelmed by the sheer number of attempted hacks. "It's a matter of triaging to the best of our ability the volume of the targets who are out there," he said.
In the face of a tidal wave of malicious phishing attempts, the FBI sometimes passes on information about the attacks to service providers and companies, who can then relay information to clients or employees, he added.
The AP, which acquired a list of about 4,700 targeted email accounts, has reported in recent weeks on the global reach of the hacking operation and strategy used to break into emails of the Democratic Party and presidential campaign of Hillary Clinton. Tens of thousands of those emails were leaked online in advance of the November election. U.S. intelligence agencies have concluded that Fancy Bear works for the Russian government and meant to push the election in favor of Donald Trump. The Russian government has denied interfering.
In previous AP reports, some targets of the hacking attempts indicated that they were befuddled and upset over the failure of the FBI to alert them. "It's utterly confounding," said Philip Reiner, a former senior director at the National Security Council, who was notified by the AP that he was targeted in 2015. "You've got to tell your people. You've got to protect your people."
The hacking data, which came from the Secureworks cybersecurity company, showed malicious links crafted for email accounts -- but not the account holders. The AP was able to identify more than 500 of the U.S-based people and groups that were targeted. Among high-ranking former officials who never heard from the FBI were heads of the Defense Intelligence Agency and Air Force Intelligence, a defense undersecretary, a director of cybersecurity for the Air Force, and a director of military support at the Geospatial Intelligence Agency, which employs spy satellites.
Many who went uninformed were long-retired, but about one-quarter were still in government or held security clearances at the time they were targeted. It's not clear how many may have given up their email passwords or what the hackers may have acquired in stolen email.
However, some accounts held emails dating back years, when even many of the retired officials still occupied sensitive posts. And intelligence experts say Russian spies can use personal correspondence as a springboard for further hacking, recruitment or even blackmail.
"The onus is on the FBI right now to explain why they didn't follow their policies, as we are reading them," said Elizabeth Hempowicz, director of public policy at the Project on Government Oversight.
Other government watchdogs said that the government agents who respond to such foreign hacking operations need more oversight as they respond to this ballooning problem -- and public accountability.
"There should be a public report about how widespread this activity is, so that every American will know about it -- and that didn't happen here," said Louis Clark, CEO of the Government Accountability Project.
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Chance Adams leads the awards for a stacked Yankees system Farm system success isn't measured in minor league postseason appearances, bonus baseball for trophies few cares about. But still, the Yankees have that barometer covered, too. September is here, and...
The resilient knuckleballer growing in Mets' system The taboo pitch that Mickey Jannis wasn't supposed to throw is saving his career and placing him on the Mets' radar. For years the floater was in his arsenal, but...
Top Yankees prospect puts birth certificate drama behind him Estevan Florial is exactly the prospect the Yankees envisioned, even if they didn't envision his name. Among the Yankees' additions from the 2014 international signing period was Haniel d'Oleo, a...
A top Mets prospect re-emerges in big way after nightmare start For the first time in his life, Peter Alonso was failing repeatedly, more steam flowing out of his ears with every at-bat. The first baseman for High-A St. Lucie, the...
The Yankees prospect drawing Barry Bonds comparisons Batting third for the Gulf Coast League Yankees has been Barry Bonds. But he has been going by the name Canaan Smith. Smith, the Yankees' fourth-round draft pick this year,...
Mets hope small-town fireballer can help big-time bullpen woes In the middle of a loud Mets trade deadline, in which both Addison Reed and Lucas Duda were shipped out of town, was an unassuming 22-year-old, suddenly cast in a...
Yankees prospect is an Aroldis Chapman clone with big upside All 6-foot-7, 250 pounds of Domingo Acevedo, the towering right-hander with a rocket arm that touches 103 mph, was worried. The trade deadline approached and so did what he feared...
Inside 2nd rise of Jorge Mateo, which may end his Yankees career By age 22, Jorge Mateo has been the Yankees' best prospect, suspended, plunged into relative minor league obscurity and risen again as such an attractive trade chip that he is...
Where does Yankees 'ridiculous' farm system rank now? The Yankees said goodbye to last year's touted first-round pick. Gone is another first-rounder, a reclamation project who was posting a 2.62 ERA in High-A. Dealt away is an outfield...
The demand for foodbanks in Tayside shows no sign of slowing as the traditional post-Christmas lull failed to materialise.
Taught By Muhammad delivers food parcels to households throughout Dundee.
The group saw a “huge” increase in people relying on its service over the festive period, with referrals for food packages jumping from 80 to almost 180.
The charity, part of the Yussuf Youth Initiative, usually notices a slump in referrals in the period after the new year.
But the consistently high demand for its services has led to the charity asking for Dundonians to help organise and deliver food to those in need.
Operations manager Rizwan Rafik said: “We usually notice a dip in referrals after Christmas but it hasn't happened yet.
“It hasn't got any quieter — it's still pretty busy.
“It can vary from day to day. Sometimes we have seven or eight deliveries a day, sometimes only one, but it hasn't got any quieter as we expected.”
Angus Foodbank manager Norman Brown said he has seen a 38% increase in referrals in the past year due to a change in the way benefits are coordinated.
He added: “We had expected to see an increase but not quite as high as it has been.
“In Angus last year we fed 2,710 people. This year we have now fed 3,590 people — an increase of 38%.
“If demand continues to increase I will need a lot more volunteers and stock.”
Perth Foodbank chairman Michael Archibald, said it is not “poor people” who use its services but those who have “no reserves”.
Mayor Robert Reichert takes his oath of office on Dec. 31, 2013, with wife Dele holding the family Bible. Beau Cabell bcabell@macon.com
DAYTON, Ohio (WDTN) — A robbery suspect was arrested after crashing a vehicle just minutes after the alleged crime.
Police say a pizza delivery driver was robbed near the intersection of Oxford Avenue and Catalpa Drive in Dayton around 1:15 a.m. on Tuesday.
Barely 15 minutes later, the suspect vehicle in the robbery crashed at the intersection of North Euclid Avenue and Cornell Drive.
Police took one person into custody.
No one was hurt in the robbery or the crash.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- A homeowner blames Kansas City Power & Light for a fire that damaged his property. He claims the utility is failing to maintain it's service lines in the urban core.
It's not unusual to see vines, trees and other vegetation growing on power poles, and intertwined with electric lines in an older neighborhood like Sante Fe.
Joseph Jackson said that combination of vegetation and electricity caused a fire here last month, which burned his garage and left water damage to his structure, after firefighters put out the blaze.
He said none of this would have happened if the utility properly maintained its lines, keeping trees and other combustible material away from them.
"I would definitely say they are not spending enough," Jackson said. "The money, I know there's not an infinite amount of money, but I know when they do the rate increase they say they're going to keep this clean, keep the lines clean. But where is the money going?"
Jackson called it a dangerous situation that threatens many others living in neighborhoods with a lot of woody growth.
Because he's renovating the property, he has builder's insurance on the house only, it doesn't cover the detached garage.
Jackson said KCPL has not helped him repair damages or prevent another fire from happening again.
A representative of KCPL said the company has received Jackson's claim and is conducting its own investigation.
The utility does have a tree trimming program to keep 24,000 miles of power lines clear of risks to its service.
The following were arrested or booked into Hancock County Jail between June 6 and 11:
Richard D. Smullen, 68, Hancock, bail violation.
Brittany Z. Bragdon, 24, Orland, failure to appear.
Bruce W. Dawes, 48, Harrington, violating conditions of his release.
Dylan A. Norwood, 22, Hancock, bail violation.
Thomas C. LaCrosse, 32, Ellsworth, bail violation, possession of hypodermics.
Natalie Rodriguez, 30, Ponce, Puerto Rico, theft by unauthorized taking or transfer, tampering with evidence.
Zachariah W. McCarthy, 22, Blue Hill, operating a motor vehicle while under the influence of an intoxicant.
Zachary A. McGraw, 18, Ellsworth, OUI.
Zachary B. Eccleston, 21, Bar Harbor, default in payment of fine.
Justin N. Kane, 21, Sullivan, bail violation, assault.
Brandon A. Pinkham, 34, Southwest Harbor, domestic violence assault.
Via | HipHopDX
It's good to be Diddy. Despite not having released a solo project since 2015's MMM, the Hip Hop mogul was named 2017's highest-paid musician by Forbes.
Puff Daddy pulled in a whopping $130 million pretax this year, a career-best mark for the powerful executive. To calculate this, Forbes evaluated pretax income from June 1, 2016 through June 1, 2017. The publication used data from Nielsen SoundScan, the RIAA, Pollstar and industry insiders.
Forbes attributes Diddy's massive earnings to a variety of income sources, including the Bad Boy's reunion tour and his Ciroc vodka deal.
Diddy also got a major influx of capital by selling a third of his Sean John clothing line. That sale alone earned him an estimated $70 million.
READ MORE
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
A Lagos lawmaker, Mr Tunde Braimoh on Monday urged residents of the state to renew hope in the country and look forward to better things in the New Year.
Braimoh, Chairman, Lagos State House of Assembly Committee on Information, Security and Strategy, spoke in an interview with the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos.
“I congratulate the good and great people of Lagos State as we witness this New Year 2017. As a people, we need to renew our faith in our country and polity.
“There's no other place to call our own. Let us consciously bring a rebirth to bear in our orientation, norms and value systems.
“Let us shun greed, avarice, ostentation and corruption, which have been our bane as we evolved as a people in the comity of nations.
“We need more patience, perseverance and endurance to arrive the promise land. With courage, determination faith and candour, we shall build a country of our dreams,” he said.
The lawmaker urged residents to continue to support the Gov. Akinwunmi Ambode-led administration to achieve greater feats in the New Year.
According to him, the governor needs greater support and cooperation from the populace to further deliver his electoral promises.
“No government can do it alone; for us in Lagos State to enjoy more dividends of democracy, the support of residents is highly imperative.
“I implore Lagosians especially to cooperate and collaborate with Gov. Ambode as he strives relentlessly, consistently, manifestly and persistently to make life more abundant for us.
“ The governor deserves our prayers, support and encouragement,” he said.
Another lawmaker, Mr Segun Olulade, representing APC-Epe II at the Assembly, also expressed optimism that 2017 would bring an end to recession and turnaround in the economy.
Olulade, Chairman, House Committee on Health Services, told NAN that 2017 would usher in a period of economic buoyancy and new lease of life for the country.
“The current economic downturn in the country no doubt is biting hard, but I believe that with what the administration has so far put in place, the country will surely witness a turnaround early in the New Year.
“I am hopeful that the country will move out of the current recession into economic prosperity for the good of all.
“We all as citizens only need to support the current administration in its drive to rid the country of corruption.
“ I want to urge all to approach the New Year with hope and excitement for national prosperity and new lease of life for all,” Olulade said.
(Source: NAN)
Video
The Women Against State Pension Inequality (Waspi) group was set up in 2015 to campaign on behalf of millions of women who have twice seen the start date for their state pensions pushed back since 1995.
Daily Politics reporter Elizabeth Glinka met some of the campaigners in Liverpool to hear their grievances about the changes and its effect on their life and finances.
More from the Daily and Sunday Politics: Watch full programmes from the last seven days via BBC iPlayer; 'like' us on Facebook page or 'follow' us on Twitter
Image caption The shooting happened in the early hours of Friday, where a man in his 20s was seriously injured
Three people have been arrested in connection with a shooting where a man was injured.
Emergency services were called to Bull Street in Nuneaton just before 03:00 BST on Friday and a man in his late 20s was taken to hospital, where he remains in a serious condition.
A 22-year-old man from Birmingham and a 37-year-old man from Bedworth were arrested on Queens Road on Tuesday.
A woman from Nuneaton was arrested on Wednesday, all three remain in custody.
Warwickshire Police said the men were arrested as part of a pre-arranged operation by officers in connection with the incident.
Det Ch Insp Pete Hill, from the force, said investigations are ongoing but it is believed to be an "isolated incident".
He urged anyone with further information that could help the inquiry to come forward.
The Donald Trump fanatic who climbed Trump Tower in an attempt to catch a glimpse of the then-president-elect appeared in Manhattan Criminal Court on Tuesday.
Stephen Rogata, 19, and his attorney, Paul Shechtman, hope to reach a plea deal with prosecutors over the Aug. 10 incident.
The Chicago Blackhawks have not scored a goal through the first two games of their series against the Nashville Predators, which is a less than ideal strategy to win a playoff series.
The drought continued through the first period of Monday's Game 3 in Nashville, and after Johnny Oduya's clearing attempt didn't find net, the Blackhawks might never score again.
Oduya's clear took a weird deflection off the boards with Predators goalie Pekka Rinne was behind the goal expecting to receive the puck.
Rinne alertly noticed the odd bounce and flung to stop the puck as it was headed towards goal all while staying behind the goal. It would have been a cheap goal, sure, but the Blackhawks would take any goal at this point. Instead, it turned into a sensational save.
That's how you know things are going poorly.
Update: THE BLACKHAWKS SCORED.
by Dr. Brian Ricca, Montpelier Superintendent of Schools
It was a tremendously difficult week in Montpelier Public Schools. A life was lost on the campus of Montpelier High School. Nate Giffin was a student in our school system and his mother and father are established members of the Montpelier and greater Vermont community. Many in our school and local community were touched personally by this tragedy.
It is natural to have questions about this sad situation and to try to make sense of this. During this process, I urge everyone to remember that before we can truly make any judgments, we must walk in the shoes of those we are judging. We will never know what caused this situation to enfold the way that it did. In addition, we will never know exactly what transpired that caused it to end so abruptly.
What we do know is that there were real human beings that were involved from the start. Nate was a student of Montpelier Public Schools, doing his best to be in the world. The employees and members of the Vermont State Employees Credit Union were just going about their day on a Tuesday morning. Our School Resource Officer Matt Knisley was leaving Montpelier High School, heading out to meet with a student. The students, faculty and staff of MHS were having a typical day, following a three-day weekend. The tremendous number of law enforcement officials who descended upon our community were in the various parts of our state when all our paths came together.
Real human beings trying to make sense of a situation that makes very little sense. Real human beings trying to move forward, while struggling to answer the question “Why?” Real human beings who have many, many questions that may never be answered.
Despite the lack of answers, the reality remains that on Tuesday, January 16, 2018, a family lost a son, a school was locked down, and a community was stunned by the second violent loss of life in as many years. It is natural to point fingers and try to assign blame; we must resist that urge. What lessons can we learn from this? How can we recommit our educational community to building, cultivating, and maintaining relationships as the foundation of the work we do? Push beyond the instinct to blame. Instead, find the courage to begin to heal.
Share this:
Instead, the items completely transformed and repurposed, creating an elaborate, full-sized gingerbread house set for the lessons taught at Vacation Bible School.
The woman behind the intricate set design, church secretary and former art teacher Shirley Johnson, has been working at the church since 1989. Now on Highway 29 in Alexandria, the church was originally housed in a smaller building. Because of space issues, decor for VBS was not always as detailed as it is now.
"We didn't do much then," she said. "We had a character, a tie-dyed sheet, stuffed animals and a paper palm tree. It's come a long way."
Now, the set building process takes months. The planning process for summer VBS begins in January, when the theme is established.
"We don't use anybody else's themes," Johnson said. "We write our own script, come up with the (Bible) verses, all the lessons. Pretty much before the meeting is over I can see it (the set) in my head."
From there, Johnson sketches out the set and begins brainstorming what materials the staff will need to construct it. In late May, the materials are brought to the church and construction of the set begins, typically taking about three months to complete. Assisting Johnson with construction are church members Don Kuelbs and Gene Ward.
Nothing from the set is ordered online or elsewhere. Each item involved is constructed by the church staff. For example, the multitude of M&Ms decorating the set this year is each cut from styrofoam and hand painted. The gingerbread frosting is fashioned from caulking, which was then spray painted white and glittered. The counters in the set's store were built from scratch.
This year, since the set involved a store, certain items were brought in by church members. Johnson even managed to track down the exact cash register she was envisioning.
"I have to give a shout out to ACE Hardware for that," she said. "I walked in one day and there sat that beautiful cash register, exactly what I wanted. I asked about it and they said it had been in the family a long time and they let us borrow it for the week. It would not have been the same without it."
Johnson says this year's set is by far the most colorful and animated, but sets from past years were special in their own way.
"One of my absolute favorites was Jesus University," she said. "We built bookshelves to the top of the cross (in the sanctuary). That was probably the most challenging because there were so many pieces to it."
Another challenging but rewarding set involved building a lighthouse.
"I think building-wise that was the hardest," Johnson said. "It touched the ceiling and was made of wood and styrofoam. You can do amazing things with styrofoam."
In some cases, materials from past sets are saved and reused for future sets. This year, the last of the styrofoam from a previous safari-themed set was used.
"The jungle is very precious to me," Johnson said. "I hated painting over it."
Johnson says one of the highlights each year is seeing the children's reactions when they come for the first day of Vacation Bible School, which runs in the evenings at the church.
"We're doing it for the children, sharing God's word in a proper way," Johnson said. "The kids do appreciate it. They have a lot of fun."
Image copyright BARBERS Image caption Weston General Hospital's A&E department has been closed overnight since 4 July 2017
The boss of Weston General Hospital has said its overnight A&E is not yet ready to reopen, one year after it closed.
Weston Area Health NHS Trust made the decision last year following a critical report by the health watchdog.
Campaigners say the closure is putting lives at risk because patients have to travel to Taunton or Bristol for treatment.
Trust chief executive James Rimmer said the overnight closure will be reconsidered early in the autumn.
A safety notice was placed on the A&E unit by the Care Quality Commission (CQC) primarily because of staffing levels. The hospital says it has recruited more staff.
The CQC visited the hospital in January and noted major improvements, but said the new set up needed to settle in before it could re-assess its performance.
Mr Rimmer said: "If the CQC came in now, I'm convinced they would be able to lift that safety notice, as it's a safer, better department,"
'Having to travel'
At the moment, 12 people a night are transferred to hospitals in Taunton or Bristol for treatment.
Richard Lawson from the Save Weston A&E group said: "If you are injured badly, to get you to treatment within that hour is vital and has an effect on death rates.
"By having to travel to Bristol or Taunton that adds to it and people will inevitably die."
Taunton is about 28 miles away while Bristol is about 24 miles away but travel time can take up to an hour.
If the trust decides to close the unit permanently, it has promised to consult with the public, which would be in early 2019.
The campaign group is set to hold an overnight vigil on Wednesday and a protest march on Saturday.
A new taxi rank at Market Place has been suggested by councillors .
The idea was proposed at a licensing committee meeting of Mansfield District Council.
Although this is only a proposal at the minute, other ideas to ensure the safety of taxi drivers and passengers were suggested.
A CCTV camera has been installed on Quaker Way.
Councillor Sid Walkersaid: “A mobile CCTV camera has been installed to cover Quaker Way as this was a CCTV blind spot in the town centre and this will help to provide extra security for passengers and drivers using the taxi rank in this street.”
Another proposal was put forward to the committee after drivers suggested an extension to the Queen's Street hackney rank.
The minutes from the meeting state: “After much consideration it had been decided that a change to the Queen Street hackney rank would be most beneficial to the public and the trade ,and that a meeting was being arranged with the County Council representatives to progress this”
Coun Walker said: “There has been a request by the taxi operators to extend the Queen Street hackney rank. This is only a proposal and discussions about the feasibility of this idea, between the council and Via, Nottinghamshire County Council's highways agency, are at a very early stage.”
At the same meeting, it was revealed that 43 vehicle licences were relinquished as those private hire drivers and vehicles are now licensed outside of the district
A man accused of stabbing his friend to death appeared in court Wednesday to face the charges against him. NBC 7's Omari Fleming has the story. (Published Wednesday, April 29, 2015)
$2M for Suspect Who Said He "Slayed the Beast"
A man who said he "slayed the beast" after stabbing his friend to death was convicted of second-degree murder this week.
Bradley Thomas Garner, 49, of Oceanside died two years ago from multiple stab wounds to his neck and chest.
The attack took place inside an open garage on Santa Rosa Street in Oceanside.
A key witness was a woman hired to watch two children at the home. The babysitter had just arrived when she saw David Anthony Strouth with blood on his shirt standing near Garner.
Oceanside Homicide Investigation
Officials are investigating a murder in Oceanside where a babysitter found a man stabbed to death. NBC 7's Diana Guevara reports. (Published Saturday, April 25, 2015)
"He made a statement, 'I slayed the beast,'" Deputy District Attorney Patrick Espinoza said in a pretrial hearing.
The sitter escaped and flagged down neighbors, who returned to the house to subdue him out of concern for the kids, who were still inside.
Law enforcement later arrived. It took five Oceanside Police officers to subdue Strouth.
Exclusive Local Couple Missing in Nepal
Strouth was convicted to a second-degree murder charge. He faces 26 years to life in state prison. Sentencing is scheduled for November 16.
A photo taken earlier this month in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, showing self-driving vehicles used for test drives conducted by Uber Technologies Inc.
A photo taken earlier this month in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, showing self-driving vehicles used for test drives conducted by Uber Technologies Inc.
UBER IS SUSPENDING its self-driving car programme after one of the vehicles struck and killed a pedestrian in the US state of Arizona.
The Uber vehicle was in autonomous mode, with an operator behind the wheel, when it hit a woman walking in the street in the city of Tempe late yesterday, according to the San Francisco-based company.
The victim was hospitalised and later died from her injuries.
“Our hearts go out to the victim's family,” an Uber spokesperson told AFP. “We are fully cooperating with local authorities in their investigation of this incident.”
Uber has suspended use of self-driving cars it was testing or using in Tempe, Pittsburgh, Toronto, and San Francisco, according to the company.
Uber was only using autonomous vehicles as part of its regular passenger service in Pittsburgh and Tempe.
A vehicle operator in the driver's seat was the only person in the Uber car when the fatal accident occurred, according to the company. The car was in police hands on Monday.
Yesterday's accident was the first fatal self-driving car crash involving a pedestrian.
The first deadly self-driving car accident was reported in mid-2016, and involved a Tesla.
Slow car tech?
The Tesla Model S, cruising on “autopilot,” failed to detect a crossing tractor-trailer against a bright sky, killing the driver — who it later emerged had kept his hands off the wheel for extended periods of time despite automated warnings not to do so.
It was a nightmare scenario for an industry promoting a way to improve road safety and reduce traffic fatalities that come mostly from human error.
As with the fatal Tesla crash, the deadly Uber accident is likely to stoke concerns that the industry is moving too fast to deploy self-driving vehicles.
Google-owned Waymo for years has been testing self-driving cars, racing against smartphone-summoned ride star Uber.
Waymo early this month began using its self-driving trucks to haul cargo bound for the internet giant's data centers in Georgia.
Rival Uber made a similar announcement, saying it is using self-driving semi trucks as part of an on-demand trucking service in Arizona.
In September, US Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao released new guidelines that permit more testing of self-driving cars and address regulation between the federal government and states.
Autonomous-vehicle technology has been touted as having potential to save fuel, ease congestion, and make transportation safer.
Chao argued that self-driving technology could also improve mobility for the elderly, disabled and other restricted populations.
But the non-profit Consumer Watchdog has warned that roads are being turned “into private laboratories for robot cars with no regard for our safety”.
US states set their own rules for roads, and a handful have passed laws allowing self-driving vehicles.
California and Arizona have been particularly encouraging, hoping that companies developing autonomous technology in those states will create local jobs and facilities devoted to a promising new industry.
- © AFP, 2018
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — They say you should never meet your heroes. But if you don't recognize them, then meeting one could be a sweet surprise.
Tommy Kramer, who was quarterback for the Minnesota Vikings from 1977 through 1989, and took over as the starting QB after Fran Tarkenton retired. He was given the nickname “Two-Minute Tommy” for all the come-from-behind victories on his watch.
He was a gutsy quarterback for the Vikings, and somewhat infamous for his off-the-field behavior. He was an electric figure in Minnesota, considered a player's player who learned from a coach.
On Twitter last night, the retired player shared a picture of himself with a fan, and a story.
Kramer said he was at a hotel pool and noticed a woman who had a Vikings logo tattooed to her arm. He asked her who her favorite player was and she responded, “Tommy Kramer.”
“She was a bit surprised when I told her,” he wrote, indicating that she had no idea she was showing off her Purple Pride to her very favorite Vikings player.
TORONTO, ONTARIO--(Marketwired - April 17, 2017) - Lithium Energi Exploration Inc. (TSX VENTURE:LEXI) ("LEXI" or the "Company") announces it is granting 3,000,000 incentive stock options to certain officers, directors, consultants, and employees of the Company to purchase up to a total of 3,000,000 common shares of the Company at a price of $0.25 per common share for a period of three years.
The stock options are subject to the terms of the Company's stock option plan and regulatory approval.
About Lithium Energi Exploration, Inc.
Lithium Energi Exploration, Inc. is an exploration company specializing in the strategic acquisition, exploration and development of lithium brine assets in Argentina. The Company is headquartered in Toronto, Ontario and has offices in Dallas, Texas and Catamarca, Argentina. The common shares of the Company are listed on the TSX Venture Exchange (TSX VENTURE:LEXI). The Company recently completed the acquisition of Lithium Energi Argentina, S.A., Antofalla North, S.A., and Antofalla South, S.A., which together hold a portfolio of projects comprising 128,000 hectares of lithium brine assets in the Argentina Province of Catamarca in the heart of the lithium triangle.
ON BEHALF OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
"Chris Hobbs"
Chris Hobbs,
Chief Financial Officer and Director
Neither the TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release.
The forward looking statements contained herein are expressly qualified in their entirety by this cautionary statement. The forward looking statements included in this news release are made as of the date of this news release and the Company does not undertake and is not obligated to publicly update such forward looking statements to reflect new information, subsequent events or otherwise unless so required by applicable securities laws.
Information provided by the Troy Police Department:
Jan. 24
SCHOOL ISSUE: A student reported being assaulted on the Troy Jr. High property after school to the SRO.
Jan. 25
DRUG OFFENSES: An officer stopped a vehicle for expired registration. A passenger was found to have Alprazolam, Oxycodone, paraphernalia, and Hash in his possession. He was charged for the drug offenses. The driver was cited with expired registration.
ASSIST MOTORIST: An officer responded to an assist motorist call in the area of the 300 block of E. Franklin St. at the rail road tracks. Vehicle was removed from tracks via tow truck. Driver of vehicle was cited for driving under suspension and operation without reasonable control.
WARRANT: An officer was checking Motel 6 when they observed an individual walking around a vehicle. The officer then observed another individual sitting in the vehicle. Officers approached the vehicle and the male gave a false social security number twice. The officers ran the male for warrants and it came back that he had a warrant. Officers placed the individual under arrest and transported him to Miami County Jail.
Jan. 26
POSSESSION: A vehicle was stopped for a traffic violation. One adult was charged with possession of marijuana, marijuana paraphernalia, and open container. One adult was charged with possession of marijuana.
OVERDOSE: Roy Staten, 50, of Troy, was charged with inducing panic following an apparent overdose in the 300 block of Mulberry Street. A syringe was found on the counter with a coffee cup.
Jan. 27
OVI: Joseph Przekop, 24, of Troy, was charged with speeding, OVI, and prohibited concentration following a traffic stop.
OVERDOSE: Matthew Link was charged with inducing panic following an apparent drug overdose in the area of Imperial Court. Field tests showed evidence of fentanyl and methamphetamine were present. Other charges are pending lab results.
THEFT: Subject was reported shoplifting canned food from Dollar General. Male was later located and taken into custody for theft. Male was later incarcerated for theft and criminal damaging/endangering.
Jan. 28
ASLEEP AT THE WHEEL: A male was found sleeping in his vehicle,which was running. The male was found to be intoxicated. The male was arrested and charged with physical control of a motor vehicle along with possession of marijuana and marijuana paraphernalia.
Jan. 29
THEFT: A sign was reported stolen from 900 McKaig Avenue.
THEFT: One male charged with theft and a warrant out of Montgomery County. Suspect stole a pair of shoes from Kohl's.
POSSESSION: An officer was dispatched to the 600 block of E. Franklin St. in reference to a drug complaint. After investigation, a male was charged with possession of marijuana and possession of drug paraphernalia.
WARRANT: An officer stopped Heather Brown for an outstanding warrant in the area of West Market Street and Archer Drive. Brown had two syringes and other drug paraphernalia in her coat. She was transported to Miami County Jail.
Jan. 30
DISTURBANCE: Troy Officers were dispatched to the 2600 block of W. Main Street in reference to a disturbance. An investigation disclosed that a verbal domestic dispute occurred which resulted in a relative bringing a loaded handgun to the location. Jason Shoup, 38, of Pleasant Hill, was charged with improper handling of a firearm in a motor vehicle.
THEFT: A report of two packs of lottery tickets were reported missing from Kroger.
THEFT: One female cited for theft and possessing criminal tools in Kohl's. Female stole $120 worth of clothing.
Jan. 31
THEFT: A resident reported a theft from her vehicle while parked at F&P on Jan. 22.
THEFT: An officer responded to a theft of Bissel Robotic sweeper at Meijer. Suspect was gone on arrival.
Feb. 1
WARRANT: An officer arrested a subject on a warrant at Waffle House.
WARRANT: An officer arrested a subject on a warrant at the Shell station on Dorset.
FOUND PROPERTY: An officer was dispatched to the 1900 block of West Main Street on a report of found property. The officer found various types of ammunition and gun cleaning supplies. Items were recovered and booked into property for safe keeping until an owner comes forward.
THEFT: An officer responded to Kroger's on a theft complaint. Upon arrival, the officer spoke with loss prevention and the male being detained for theft. After investigation it was determined the male attempted to steal diapers. He was issued a citation for the theft violation and released.
MENACING COMPLAINT: In the area of the 100 block of South Frank Street, an officer came in contact with a subject who made a reference to a menacing by stalking report. Report taken, extra patrols given.
THEFT: One female was charged with Theft and Criminal Tools at Kroger in Troy.
POSSESSION: A car was stopped for failure to display lighted between sunset and sunrise. The odor of marijuana was detected in the car. The vehicle was searched and a small amount of marijuana was seized. The driver was warned for the traffic violation and issued a summons for possession of marijuana.
DISORDERLY: Officers were dispatched to the vicinity of the 500 block of West Main Street. Dispatch notified officers that there was a female and a male standing in the middle of the road. Officers arrived on scene and spoke with both individuals. The female was belligerent and attempted to open the police cruiser doors. The female was warned for her behavior but she continued to yank on the car door and bang on the side of the cruiser. The female was arrested for disorderly conduct and resisting arrest.
OPEN CONTAINER: An officer stopped a vehicle for a Traffic Offense on Archer Drive near Brukner Drive. Driver was found to not have a valid license. An opened container and paraphernalia were located in the vehicle. Driver was issued multiple citations.
Feb. 2
ASSAULT: Officers responded to Super 9 Motel room 323 in reference to an assault in progress. One male was arrested on numerous charges.
HALIFAX — A 56-year-old convicted sex offender is facing a charge of committing an indecent act after allegedly masturbating within sight of a group of tobogganing children.
James Michael Snow of Dartmouth was to appear in Dartmouth provincial court Wednesday.
Police say the children were sledding on a hill behind an apartment building Tuesday afternoon when they heard a cough and then witnessed a man masturbating in the window of one unit.
Police went to the scene and arrested Snow without incident at 1:11 p.m. He was held in custody overnight.
Snow is under a lifetime prohibition order that prevents him from attending public areas such as parks or swimming areas where persons under the age of 14 are present or can be reasonably expected to be present.
Last year, he was charged with a breach of prohibition order after being arrested while parked in a gold van near a daycare and indoor playground.
Snow was previously convicted in 2003 of sexually assaulting a child.
The Canadian Press
Subscribe to my Youtube channel.
#Iamsomebody Daily
(Podcast)
Follow me on all my Social Media
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCpqicA2v8jLYV8-fg5dYvhA
https://www.instagram.com/deuceonair/
Remember We Are #Iamsomebody.
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
Harikrishnans, the 1998-released Mammootty-Mohanlal movie still remains as one of the most celebrated multi-starrers in the history Malayalam cinema. The movie, which was directed by veteran director Fazil, featured Mammootty and Mohanlal in the title roles.
The detective comedy flick also marked the Malayalam debut of popular Bollywood actress Juhi Chawla, and acting debut of renowned cinematographer Rajiv Menon. Harikrishnans was jointly produced by Mohanlal and wife Suchitra Mohanlal, for Pranavam Arts.
Here is a throwback into the sets of Mammootty-Mohanlal duo's Harikrishnans...
Nana Weekly Photo Shoot This picture was clicked during the Nana weekly photo shoot which was held at the location of Harikrishnans. Mammootty and Mohanlal appeared together for the cover picture of Nana, after a long gap.
The SRK Factor This adorable picture was clicked while Shah Rukh Khan visited dear friend Juhi Chawla at the sets of Harikrishnans, in Ooty.
The team even planned to shoot an alternate climax for the movie with SRK in the role of Juhi's character Meera's fiance. But the idea was dropped later due to technical reasons.
The Team An unseen picture of Mammootty and Mohanlal from the location, with the leading lady Juhi Chawla, director Fazil, and director of photography, Anandakuttan.
The Poster Shoot A special picture, which was clicked during the first-look poster shoot of the movie. Mammootty, Mohanlal, and Juhi Chawla appeared in colour-coordinated looks, in the super stylish first look poster.
Family Times A very rare picture of Mammootty, Mohanlal, and Fazil with their respective families. We can see Sulfath Mammootty, Suchitra Mohanlal, Roseena Fazil, Pravav and Vismaya Mohanlal, etc., in the picture.
A Candid Click A candid picture of Mammootty and Mohanlal, which was clicked during the shooting of a fight sequence.
With MG Sreekumar An unseen picture of Mammootty and Mohanlal posing with renowned singer MG Sreekumar. The duo posed for a picture with Sreekumar, when he visited Mohanlal at the sets of the movie.
Harikrishnans was one of the very rare films in India which were released with a double climax. The team decided to have two different climaxes, with one focusing on Mammootty and another one with Mohanlal, to satisfy the fans of both the actors.
The Fazil movie had also made headline for its popular songs, which were sung by Dr. KJ Yesudas. Interestingly, the legendary singer made a new record by lending voice for both Mammootty and Mohanlal in different modulations, for the same song.
Mammootty kickstarted his popular biriyani treat, at the sets of Harikrishnans. The megastar, who is a huge fan of 'pothichoru' got it to the sets one day, for lunch. But the packet was immediately snatched by his co-star Mohanlal.
From the next day, Mammootty started bringing 'pothichoru' for both him and Mohanlal. Later, Mammootty began serving biriyani for the entire crew of all his films and has been following the custom from the past 19 years.
MONACO--(Marketwired - Oct 6, 2017) - Safe Bulkers, Inc. (the "Company") ( NYSE : SB), an international provider of marine drybulk transportation services, announced today that the Company's Board of Directors has declared:
a cash dividend of $0.50 per share on its 8.00% Series B Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Shares (the "Series B Preferred Shares") ( NYSE : SB.PR.B) for the period from July 30, 2017 to October 29, 2017;
: SB.PR.B) for the period from July 30, 2017 to October 29, 2017; a cash dividend of $0.50 per share on its 8.00% Series C Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Shares (the "Series C Preferred Shares") ( NYSE : SB.PR.C) for the period from July 30, 2017 to October 29, 2017 and
: SB.PR.C) for the period from July 30, 2017 to October 29, 2017 and a cash dividend of $0.50 per share on its 8.00% Series D Cumulative Redeemable Perpetual Preferred Shares (the "Series D Preferred Shares") ( NYSE : SB.PR.D) for the period from July 30, 2017 to October 29, 2017.
Each dividend will be paid on October 30, 2017 to all shareholders of record as of October 23, 2017 of the Series B Preferred Shares of the Series C Preferred Shares and of the Series D Preferred Shares, respectively. Dividends on the Series B, C and D Preferred Shares are payable quarterly in arrears on the 30th day (unless the 30th falls on a weekend or public holiday, in which case the payment date is moved to the next business day) of January, April, July and October of each year.
This is the seventeenth consecutive cash dividend declared on the Company's Series B Preferred Shares, the fourteenth cash dividend declared on its Series C Preferred Shares and the thirteenth cash dividend declared on its Series D Preferred Shares, since their commencement of trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
The declaration and payment of dividends, if any, will always be subject to the discretion of the Board of Directors of the Company, and will depend on, among other things, the Company's earnings, financial condition and cash requirements and availability, the Company's ability to obtain debt and equity financing on acceptable terms as contemplated by the Company's growth strategy, the restrictive covenants in the Company's existing and future debt instruments and global economic conditions.
About Safe Bulkers, Inc.
The Company is an international provider of marine drybulk transportation services, transporting bulk cargoes, particularly coal, grain and iron ore, along worldwide shipping routes for some of the world's largest users of marine drybulk transportation services. The Company's common stock, series B preferred stock, series C preferred stock and series D preferred stock are listed on the NYSE, and trade under the symbols "SB," "SB.PR.B," "SB.PR.C," and "SB.PR.D," respectively.
Forward-Looking Statement
This press release contains forward-looking statements (as defined in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and in the Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) concerning future events, the Company's growth strategy and measures to implement such strategy, including expected vessel acquisitions and entering into further time charters. Words such as "expects," "intends," "plans," "believes," "anticipates," "hopes," "estimates" and variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although the Company believes that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, no assurance can be given that such expectations will prove to have been correct. These statements involve known and unknown risks and are based upon a number of assumptions and estimates which are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond the control of the Company. Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include, but are not limited to, changes in the demand for drybulk vessels, competitive factors in the market in which the Company operates, risks associated with operations outside the United States and other factors listed from time to time in the Company's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company expressly disclaims any obligations or undertaking to release any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements contained herein to reflect any change in the Company's expectations with respect thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any statement is based.
A man accused of a hate crime, beating a student in the UNLV Student Union, was ruled incompetent to proceed in his court case, according to court records.
Gino Flinn, 26, was found incapable "of understanding the charges against him and is unable to assist counsel in his defense," district court records showed Friday.
Flinn was placed into "the custody of the Administrator of the Division of Mental Health Development Services for the Department of Human Resources for detention and treatment at a secure facility operated by that Division." Once competency has been established, Flinn will be returned to this court for findings and referred back to the originating department for further court proceedings, according to Nevada state law.
The incident was classified as a hate crime because of Flinn's use of homophobic slurs directed at the student while the crime was committed.
He is charged with battery by strangulation by bias or hatred, battery with the use of deadly weapon motivated by bias or hatred towards the victim and attempted robbery with the use of a deadly weapon: all felonies.
Flinn, according to UNLV police, was a homeless man known both to the victim and Police Services.
He had fled the building after fellow students intervened. He was arrested by Metro Police a few days later.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
National leader of the Progressives Congress ( APC ) Bola Ahmed Tinubu has reacted to the launch of the Coalition for Nigeria championed by former President Olusegun Obasanjo. Tinubu stated that it was too early to respond to movement as every Ni...
VANCOUVER, BC--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - Foran Mining Corporation (TSX VENTURE: FOM) ("Foran" or the "Company") is pleased to announce that it has engaged Micon International Limited ("Micon"), an international independent mining consultancy firm, to conduct a detailed technical review of the Preliminary Economic Assessment ("PEA") completed on Foran's 100% owned McIlvenna Bay Project.
Micon will conduct a technical review of:
the resource model,
the mine plan,
metallurgical recoveries,
options to improve on capital and operating cost efficiencies,
evaluate potential changes to the project that could improve the economics of development
Since the completion of the PEA at the end of 2014, there have been changes in:
certain commodity prices,
treatment charges and
the exchange rate of the Canadian dollar versus its U.S. counterpart.
Micon's review will consider all of these impacts.
Following the review, Micon will prepare a list of potential trade-off studies and development options. These trade-off studies may include such items as mining the high grade massive sulphides only, lower throughput rates and/or the potential for toll or contract processing.
The review will lay out budgetary options for development in terms of timing and costs, putting the Company in a better position to choose the most appropriate path forward to completing Preliminary Feasibility and/or subsequent Feasibility Studies on McIlvenna Bay.
McIlvenna Bay is a large zinc-copper-gold-silver deposit with an indicated resource of 13.9 million tonnes grading 13.2% Zn Equivalent and an inferred resource of 11.3 million tonnes grading 13.5% Zn Equivalent.1 The deposit is located in east-central Saskatchewan, 65 kilometres west of the mining centre of Flin Flon, Manitoba.
The McIlvenna Bay PEA report was completed by JDS Energy and Mining Inc. in January of 2015, and envisioned a 5,000 tonne per day conventional underground mining operation, utilizing longhole stoping and cemented paste backfill. The mine was expected to have a 14 year life with a stand-alone concentrator constructed adjacent to the McIlvenna Bay mine. Pre-production capital costs ("CapEx") were estimated at $207.3M, with a $41.5M contingency, for a total of $248.8M and sustaining capital was estimated at $125.2M, with a $25.0M contingency, for a total of $150.3M. The estimated pre-tax NPV 7% for the project was $381.7M, with a 21.9% IRR and 4.1 year payback or a post-tax NPV 7% of $262.6M, with an 18.9% IRR and 4.1 year payback. Total payable life of mine ("LOM") production was expected to be 804.7 million pounds ("Mlbs.") of zinc, 513.7 Mlbs. of copper, 15.8 Mlbs. of lead, 218,000 ounces of gold and 5.44 million ounces of silver.
The base case metal price deck and exchange rate in the PEA were based on spot prices as at October 15, 2014 and are US$3.08/lb for copper, US$1.06/lb for zinc, US$0.93/lb for lead, US$1,238/oz. for gold, and US$17.00/oz. for silver, with a CDN$/US$ exchange rate of 0.89.
1On March 27, 2013, Foran announced a mineral resource estimate for McIlvenna Bay, with indicated resources of 13.9 million tonnes grading 1.96% copper equivalent or 13.2% zinc equivalent (1.28% Cu, 2.67% Zn, 0.49 g/t Au, 17 g/t Ag) and an inferred resource of 11.3 million tonnes grading 2.01% copper equivalent or 13.5% zinc equivalent (1.32% Cu, 2.97% Zn, 0.43 g/t Au, 17 g/t Ag). For additional information on McIlvenna Bay, see the Foran news release dated March 27, 2013 or the report entitled "Technical Report on the McIlvenna Bay Project, Saskatchewan, Canada" dated December 9, 2011 at www.sedar.com or www.foranmining.com.
Roger March, P.Geo., Vice President, Project Exploration for Foran, and a qualified person within the meaning of National Instrument 43-101, has reviewed and approved the technical information in this release.
About Foran Mining
Foran is an exploration and development company focused on copper-zinc in the Hanson Lake VMS Camp of east-central Saskatchewan. The Hanson Lake VMS Camp is located in an area of excellent infrastructure, close to a major mining centre.
The PEA is preliminary in nature and includes inferred mineral resources that are considered too speculative geologically to have the economic considerations applied to them that would enable them to be categorized as mineral reserves, and there is no certainty that the PEA will be realized. Foran's operations are in the development stage only and there is no actual mineral production. Without a formal independent feasibility study, there is no assurance that mineral production is feasible on an economic basis. Please refer to those risks set out in Foran's public documents filed on www.SEDAR.com.
Foran trades on the TSX.V under the symbol "FOM".
On behalf of the Board of Directors
Foran Mining Corporation
Patrick Soares
President & CEO
Neither the TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release. No stock exchange, regulation services provider, securities commission or other regulatory authority has approved or disapproved the information contained in this news release.
Forward-Looking Statements
This News Release includes certain "forward-looking statements" which are not comprised of historical facts. Forward-looking statements include estimates and statements that describe the Company's future plans, objectives or goals, including words to the effect that the Company or management expects a stated condition or result to occur. Forward-looking statements may be identified by such terms as "believes", "anticipates", "expects", "estimates", "may", "could", "would", "if", "yet", "potential", "undetermined", "objective", or "plan". Since forward-looking statements are based on assumptions and address future events and conditions, by their very nature they involve inherent risks and uncertainties. Although these statements are based on information currently available to the Company, the Company provides no assurance that actual results will meet management's expectations. Risks, uncertainties and other factors involved with forward-looking information could cause actual events, results, performance, prospects and opportunities to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking information. Forward looking information in this news release includes, but is not limited to, the Company's objectives, goals or future plans, statements, exploration results, potential mineralization, the estimation of mineral resources, exploration and mine development plans, timing of the commencement of operations and estimates of market conditions. Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking information include, but are not limited to failure to identify mineral resources, failure to convert estimated mineral resources to reserves, the inability to complete a feasibility study which recommends a production decision, the preliminary nature of metallurgical test results, delays in obtaining or failures to obtain required governmental, environmental or other project approvals, political risks, inability to fulfill the duty to accommodate First Nations and other indigenous peoples, uncertainties relating to the availability and costs of financing needed in the future, changes in equity markets, inflation, changes in exchange rates, fluctuations in commodity prices, delays in the development of projects, capital and operating costs varying significantly from estimates and the other risks involved in the mineral exploration and development industry, and those risks set out in the Company's public documents filed on SEDAR. Although the Company believes that the assumptions and factors used in preparing the forward-looking information in this news release are reasonable, undue reliance should not be placed on such information, which only applies as of the date of this news release, and no assurance can be given that such events will occur in the disclosed time frames or at all. The Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, other than as required by law.
Peter Moskowitz reveals why gentrification is about much more than just fancy coffee shops. Donate to order this gift now!
Essays on the very real dangers of antisemitism and the false accusations used to defend Israel, with a foreword by Judith Butler. Donate to order this gift now!
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
GAINESVILLE (CBSMiami/AP) — The beginning of the NCAA football season is still a few weeks away but one SEC team is already fighting an uphill battle.
Florida has suspended troubled receiver Antonio Callaway and six other players for the team's season opener against Michigan.
Defensive end Keivonnis Davis, defensive lineman Richerd Desir-Jones, linebacker James Houston, linebacker Ventrell Miller, defensive lineman Jordan Smith and offensive tackle Kadeem Telfort also won't play Sept. 2 against the Wolverines in Arlington, Texas.
The players were suspended for misusing school-issued funds, according to a person familiar with the situation. The person spoke to The Associated Press on the condition of anonymity Sunday because Florida did not release details of the suspensions.
“We have a small group of players that have made some choices that are extremely disappointing,” coach Jim McElwain said in a statement. “Action has been taken: They have missed some practice and will miss the Michigan game. We will use this as a learning opportunity and we will have some players step up as we move forward.”
Being without Callaway could be big since he's the team's top offensive playmaker. In two seasons, the junior from Miami has 89 catches for 1,399 yards and 11 touchdowns.
But his talent has been overshadowed by his troubles.
Callaway pleaded no contest to misdemeanor possession of drug paraphernalia in May and was suspended for the spring semester in 2016 amid sexual battery allegations. He admitted in court documents that he smoked marijuana, though he was eventually cleared of the battery allegation by a Title IX investigation.
Callaway was internally disciplined following the marijuana citation this spring.
Davis was expected to be a key contributor in Florida's defensive line rotation. He had 27 tackles, 1½ sacks and a forced fumble in 2016.
(© Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
ELLSWORTH — Thousands of religions exist in the world yet they all have one common denominator: love, according to the Rev. Betty Stookey of Blue Hill.
This idea forms the basis for a program that Stookey and her husband, award-winning singer/composer Noel Paul Stookey, created 12 years ago called “One Light, Many Candles.”
The couple will present “One Light, Many Candles” on Saturday, June 17, from 7 to 9 p.m. at the Gracie Theater in Bangor.
The concert is a fundraiser for the Bangor YMCA, which is marking its 150th anniversary. Tickets are $20.
“One Light, Many Candles” is a multi-faith program in word and song, Stookey said.
“What it's all about is trying to bring people together to understand that the base of every single religion in the world is the concept of love,” she said. “I think people forget that.”
“I think a lot of churches are putting people off because they demand exclusive attention to their faith,” Stookey said. “I think people are realizing there are other faiths in the world we need to respect and honor.”
“We all need to come together,” Stookey said. “There is too much hatred and killing because of religion.”
Incidentally, there are 12 major religions in the world and 4,000 lesser known ones, according to the reverend.
Stookey said the performance, which includes her speaking with the audience interspersed with Noel singing, is “really fun.”
“It's not just a lecture,” she said. “It's a feel-good program to leave people hopeful. I just think it's an important thing for people to hear. We need it today.”
When Stookey attended Harvard Divinity School, she said she was struck by how many different religions there are in the world. She wondered how each was connected.
The Stookeys also will perform “One Light, Many Candles” in Brunswick Sept. 14 at First Parish Church.
For more information visit http://onelightmanycandles.org/.
New report reveals employers are more than twice as likely to say they pay fairly than employees are to say they feel fairly paid; findings underscore an opportunity for managers to increase trust and improve business outcomes just by talking about pay more openly
SEATTLE, WA--(Marketwired - Feb 15, 2017) - Today, PayScale, Inc. -- the leader in cloud compensation solutions -- released the 2017 Compensation Best Practices Report (CBPR). Based on data from 7,700 survey respondents representing executives, line of business managers, human resource leaders and compensation practitioners, the report reflects current attitudes about compensation, business growth, hiring and retention. The latest annual report shows a shift is underway at many companies as key talent markets are becoming increasingly competitive.
More specifically, organizations are now taking an updated approach to their pay policies and processes to build trusting relationships with employees and drive deeper engagement. However, the research also shows a corporate chasm still exists around compensation, as employers were more than twice as likely as employees to believe pay is already fair. Employers can do even more to modernize their pay practices, such as increase pay transparency, use current market data to set pay and train managers to initiate open dialogue about pay so their employees feel valued and -- ultimately -- don't look for greener pastures elsewhere.
"Our most recent research shows that many companies are moving away from pay as a transactional experience that has historically been shrouded in secrecy. We're also seeing that 'how' a company pays is really as important as 'what' a company pays its employees," said Mike Metzger, president and CEO at PayScale. "Compensation policies reflect the culture at an organization. Employers who pay fairly for competitive positions and foster open dialogue around pay will build more trusting relationships with their employees that, in turn, will impact the bottom line."
Here are some of the key findings about pay practices and employer attitudes from the 2017 Compensation Best Practices Report, including compensation approaches from top-performing companies:
Employers and employees disagree on "fair pay." Forty-four percent of employers say their employees are fairly paid, but only 20 percent of employees agree.
Forty-four percent of employers say their employees are fairly paid, but only 20 percent of employees agree. Organizations set their sights on increased transparency. Currently, 31 percent of organizations identify themselves as being transparent (a level three or greater on PayScale's Pay Transparency Spectrum). Nearly half of all organizations aim to be transparent in 2017 (49 percent).
Currently, 31 percent of organizations identify themselves as being transparent (a level three or greater on PayScale's Pay Transparency Spectrum). Nearly half of all organizations aim to be transparent in 2017 (49 percent). 2016 marks the return of cash. Thirty-four percent of organizations say the highest base pay increase they gave to an employee topped 10 percent. In addition, 11 percent reported an average increase over 5 percent.
Thirty-four percent of organizations say the highest base pay increase they gave to an employee topped 10 percent. In addition, 11 percent reported an average increase over 5 percent. The C-Suite cares even more about comp. Fifty-seven percent of organizations agree that employee compensation is becoming more important to their executives.
Fifty-seven percent of organizations agree that employee compensation is becoming more important to their executives. Fresh data is critical. While 53 percent of organizations have done a full market study within the past year, 47 percent reference market data for individual jobs more frequently than annually. Thirteen percent do so at least weekly and that number rises to 39 percent among enterprise organizations.
While 53 percent of organizations have done a full market study within the past year, 47 percent reference market data for individual jobs more frequently than annually. Thirteen percent do so at least weekly and that number rises to 39 percent among enterprise organizations. Top-performing companies pay differently : They are more likely to pay higher for their most competitive jobs that impact the bottom line. They are more likely to train their managers to talk with employees about pay. They are more likely to say that they pay their employees fairly; 52 percent versus 42 percent of typical companies.
:
"Companies are always looking to get more returns from their talent investments and drive deeper employee engagement. I've found that managers who are committed to building open and transparent relationships with their employees are much more likely to see an increase in job satisfaction," said William Tincup, president of Recruiting Daily. "The PayScale research is compelling because it shows that an honest compensation dialogue can dramatically improve engagement and the only cost to the company is a manager's time."
A top-performing company in the CBPR was one that met or exceeded its financial performance in the previous year and identified itself as the leader in its industry. To view the entire Compensation Best Practices Report, please visit: http://www.payscale.com/cbpr
About PayScale:
PayScale offers modern compensation software and real-time, data driven insights for employees and employers alike. More than 6,000 customers, from small businesses to Fortune 500 companies, use PayScale to power pay decisions for more than 13 million employees. These companies include Dish Network, Getty Images, Skullcandy, Bloomberg BNA and Time Warner. For more information, please visit: www.payscale.com or follow PayScale on Twitter: http://twitter.com/payscale
MEMPHIS, Tenn. — A Tennessee judge has issued a $20 million bond for the ex-wife of former NBA player Lorenzen Wright in his shooting death nearly eight years ago.
Shelby County Criminal Court Judge Lee Coffee said his decision to give Sherra Wright such a high bond was partly driven by her bad behaviour while being held at a women's jail on murder and attempted murder charges in her husband's slaying.
Lorenzen Wright's decomposing, bullet-riddled body was found in a swampy field in Memphis on July 28, 2010 — 10 days after he was reported missing.
Sherra Wright was arrested in December in California, where she had lived for three years after moving away from Memphis. Her lawyers argued she had strong ties to the community in asking for a $100,000 bond.
Rapper DMX went to court Federal Court Thursday to find out when his trial will start for tax fraud.
The judge set DMX's trail date to begin on February 5th, 2018.
DMX is still in rehab fro drugs where he will continue to get treatment for about another month according to TMZ.
X said he is feeling good while leaving the courtroom but not only that he looks like he is feeling good and eating good too!
Share this: Email
Facebook
Twitter
The Cardiovascular and Thoracic Surgeons of Nevada, Inc. (CTS) have agreed to pay $1.5 million to resolve accusations for potential liability under the civil False Claims Act.
According to a statement released by the district attorney's office, the settlement claims that from Jan. 1, 2006 to May 31, 2011, CTS violated the False Claims Act by billing government healthcare programs, such as Medicare and U.S. Department of Veteran Affairs, for surgical procedures that were never provided.
Highly expensive evaluations and management services were also billed, compared to services that were actually given to patients, according to the district attorney's office.
The investigation was conducted by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, along with the U.S. Department of Veteran Affairs, the Office of the Inspector General and the FBI.
“It is important to maintain the integrity of federal healthcare programs,” said U.S. Attorney Elieson for the District of Nevada. “Medical providers who misuse these programs negatively impact patients and taxpayers.”
The district attorney's office mentioned in a press release that the claims resolved by the settlement are considered allegations only, and determination of liability hasn't been proven.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
By Jason Keidel
He didn't snap, catch, run, or pass a single football. Look up his stat sheet and you won't yield a single number. He never held the ball, wore a uniform, or blew a whistle.
Yet Dan Rooney lorded over more football, and remolded it, more than any of his endless string of Hall-of-Famers.
When the NFL was becoming our nation's most important sport, the Pittsburgh Steelers were becoming it's the most important team. When football leapfrogged baseball as America's preeminent sport, the Steelers won four Super Bowls in six years. And at the center of that dominance was Dan Rooney, who slowly took over the family business.
The patriarch, Art Rooney, Dan's father, whom the players affectionately called The Old Man, was the first face of the team's revival. The old man, with so many wrinkles you needed a bookmark to find his eyes, a stogie forever pinched between his teeth, had become more than an NFL owner in Pittsburgh. He was a symbol, a saint, a man renowned for handing out money to the impoverished, for being a kind man in a cruel game.
>>MORE: Commentary from CBS Local Sports Voices
In the world of Mark Cuban and Dan Snyder, and the endless line of loud, meddlesome owners, Art Rooney was the man behind the scenes, running his club behind it's legendary Steel Curtain.
And he passed his skill, will, and wisdom to his son, Dan, who just died, at the age of 84.
When wealthy men die, you won't find oceans of tears to follow. But the Rooneys are a bit different, the last of a breed, a hybrid blue-collar billionaire, whose wallet may have nine or ten digits but whose purpose and perspective was still in the endless mill towns that circle Pittsburgh.
The Rooneys are more than owners of an NFL team. They're the high rung of a fanatic football culture in Western Pennsylvania, keeping the blue-collar masses inspired during the downturn of their economic lives. The industries that fueled the area – steel and coal – are no longer the titans of the glory years. By the time “The Deer Hunter” was racking up Oscars, the area was already losing jobs and steel mills were closing its gates. But the Steelers were a black and gold bond that kept an esprit de corps among the suddenly unemployed people of the rust belt.
My old man is from Western Pennsylvania, a few field goals from West Virginia. And I heard the old tales of the men who worked hard, played harder and died young, from black lung or bad luck or the endless list of maladies that befall men who work in the hardscrabble world of that era.
There was something in the food, water, or blood of those people of that area in those times. The list of legends is just absurd. Hall of Famers grew like grass along the endless ‘Burgs that dotted the map, so renowned we don't need their first names. Namath. Unitas. Marino. Kelly. Montana. Dorsett. Ditka. It became a thing of pride that a kid from New York City not only loved the Steelers and visited Three RIvers Stadium, but was perhaps the only kid in Manhattan who could actually name those three rivers – Ohio, Allegheny, and Monongahela.
But the Rooney family did more than stack Super Bowl Trophies and give a hard-luck town a sense of pride. The Steelers' meteoric ascent in the '70s was greatly aided by their willingness to draft players from historically black colleges. The Rooneys and a scout named Bill Nunn swung open those doors, and broke those barriers. They unearthed pure gridiron gold in doing so, with icons like L.C. Greenwood, Mel Blount and John Stallworth on their roster.
The Steelers were also the first NFL club to open a season by starting a black quarterback (since the AFL-NFL merger), Joe Gilliam. While football fans see Terry Bradshaw as the face of the '70s dynasty, Gilliam opened their 1974 season under center, their first Super Bowl campaign.
It not only gave the Steelers an aura of cultural awareness, Dan Rooney was also the progenitor of the rule that mandated team owners interview a minority candidate before hiring a head coach. The world now knows it as the Rooney Rule.
Football is now regarded entirely as a business and blood-sport, a cutthroat endeavor whose haunting moniker has become, “Not For Long.” But there are still a few family-run operations, literally mom-and-pop places that still have a lingering sense of the old world. Among them are the Rooneys and the Maras, who even produced a rather gifted actress, fittingly named Rooney Mara.
Dan Rooney transcended the financial algorithms of big-business football. While the Pittsburgh Steelers, like any NFL club, are a business, it's run by a family, and the current head of that family is now gone. But Rooney leaves a legacy far beyond dollars, and plenty of sense.
Google Hiring Thousands of Moderators To Clean Up YouTube Google is hiring thousands of new moderators after facing widespread backlash for allowing child abuse videos and other violent and offensive content to flourish on YouTube. Google, which owns YouTube, announced on Monday that next year it would expand its total workforce to more than 10,000 people responsible for reviewing content that could violate its policies. The news from YouTube's CEO, Susan Wojcicki, followed a steady stream of negative press surrounding the site's role in spreading harassing videos, misinformation, hate speech and content that is harmful to children. Wojcicki said that in addition to an increase in human moderators, YouTube is continuing to develop advanced machine-learning technology to automatically flag problematic content for removal. The company said its new efforts to protect children from dangerous and abusive content and block hate speech on the site were modeled after the company's ongoing work to fight violent extremist content. "Human reviewers remain essential to both removing content and training machine learning systems because human judgment is critical to making contextualized decisions on content," the CEO wrote in a blogpost, saying that moderators have manually reviewed nearly 2m videos for violent extremist content since June, helping train machine-learning systems to identify similar footage in the future. In recent weeks, YouTube has used machine learning technology to help human moderators find and shut down hundreds of accounts and hundreds of thousands of comments, according to Wojcicki. YouTube faced heightened scrutiny last month in the wake of reports that it was allowing violent content to slip past the YouTube Kids filter, which is supposed to block any content that is not appropriate to young users. Some parents recently discovered that YouTube Kids was allowing children to see videos with familiar characters in violent or lewd scenarios, along with nursery rhymes mixed with disturbing imagery, according to the New York Times. Other reports uncovered "verified" channels featuring child exploitation videos, including viral footage of screaming children being mock-tortured and webcams of young girls in revealing clothing. YouTube has also repeatedly sparked outrage for its role in perpetuating misinformation and harassing videos in the wake of mass shootings and other national tragedies. The Guardian found that survivors and the relatives of victims of numerous shootings have been subject to a wide range of online abuse and threats, some tied to popular conspiracy theory ideas featured prominently on YouTube. Some parents of people killed in high-profile shootings have spent countless hours trying to report abusive videos about their deceased children and have repeatedly called on Google to hire more moderators and to better enforce its policies. It's unclear, however, how the expansion of moderators announced on Monday might impact this kind of content, since YouTube said it was focused on hate speech and child safety. Although the recent scandals have illustrated the current limits of the algorithms in detecting and removing violating content, Wojcicki made clear that YouTube would continue to heavily rely on machine learning, a necessary factor given the scale of the problem. YouTube said machine learning was helping its human moderators remove nearly five times as many videos that they were previously, and that 98% of videos removed for violent extremism are now flagged by algorithms. Wojcicki claimed that advances in the technology allowed the site to take down nearly 70% of violent extremist content within eight hours of it being uploaded. The statement also said YouTube was also reforming its advertising policies, saying it would apply stricter criteria, conduct more manual curation and expand its team of ad reviewers. Last month, a number of high-profile brands suspended YouTube and Google advertising after reports revealed that they were placed alongside videos filled with exploitative and sexually explicit comments about children. In March, a number of corporations also pulled their YouTube ads after learning that they were linked to videos with hate speech and extremist content. © 2017 Guardian Web under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Image credit: YouTube/iStock/Artist's concept. Read more on: YouTube, Google, eBay, Online Video, Cybercrime, Moderators, Susan Wojcicki Comment:
Name:
Ed.: Posted: 2017-12-08 @ 7:59am PT A number of people have asked how to apply. Please reach out directly to YouTube or Google for more info.
As of now, it seems that the info is not yet being offered on Google's Careers page, nor on the Dec. 4th blog post by YouTube's CEO, Susan Wojcicki:
https://youtube.googleblog.com/2017/12/expanding-our-work-against-abuse-of-our.html
You may also find useful information on Google's page titled, "How We Hire":
https://careers.google.com/how-we-hire/ Steve K.: Posted: 2017-12-08 @ 7:51am PT Sure would like to help out. How do we subject application for hire? cherese: Posted: 2017-12-07 @ 6:21pm PT I am interested in this, how do I apply for this position to help get rid of offensive material? Richard: Posted: 2017-12-06 @ 8:54am PT I am retired and living in Montreal, Canada. I, too, would also like to know how to apply for a position to help rid Youtube of offensive material. Roxanne Horning: Posted: 2017-12-05 @ 7:28pm PT Would like to know how to apply for this position with Google. I would feel like I'm helping a good cause with this position - these video's out on the internet are terrible
TORONTO, ON--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - Make-A-Wish® Toronto & Central Ontario is delighted to announce that Colliers International will support its Rope for Hope event this year as Participant Champion Sponsor.
"It is with great pleasure that we welcome Colliers International as the ultimate participant cheerleader in 2017," says Sheila Rees, regional director, Make-A-Wish Toronto & Central Ontario. "Colliers will elevate fundraising efforts in Toronto, helping participants succeed with ease, moving us closer to our goal of raising $360,000."
Make-A-Wish® Rope for Hope, Presented by Canadian Western Bank, is the national signature fundraising event for Make-A-Wish® Canada, held in cities across the country from May through October 2017. Participants are asked to raise a minimum of $1,500 to help grant wishes for children with critical illnesses in their community, and in return, are given the opportunity to rappel down a city skyscraper.
Colliers will generously donate $100 to the first 150 individuals who register for Rope for Hope Toronto.
"We are beyond excited to join Make-A-Wish Toronto & Central Ontario at its sixth annual Rope for Hope event, doing our part to help grant memorable and life-changing wishes for children who need it most," says Linda Monaco, director, marketing operations, Eastern Canada, Colliers International. "Our team will be active onsite during event day, rooting for those brave individuals scaling the side of Toronto City Hall. We hope our donation boost will encourage registration and help others reach their fundraising targets."
Rope for Hope Toronto will be held on Friday, June 9 at Toronto City Hall. Participants will rappel 30 storeys down the side of the east tower in support of local wish-granting efforts.
Rope for Hope Toronto is over 65 per cent sold out! Register today at toronto.ropeforhope.ca for a chance to make a difference in your community.
About Make-A-Wish® Canada
Make-A-Wish Canada is a dynamic wish-granting organization that brings hope, strength and joy to children with life-threatening medical conditions. Along with the national office, eight (8) regional chapters grant magical wishes to children in need from coast to coast. Make-A-Wish Canada is an affiliate of Make-A-Wish® International. Make-A-Wish® is the largest wish-granting organization in the world, making dreams and wishes come true for more than 415,000 children since 1980. For more information, please visit makeawish.ca.
About Colliers International
B. Smith opens up about life with Alzheimer's disease The restaurateur is writing a memoir, chronicling her career and recent struggle with the disease.
Veteran actress JoBeth Williams is one for the ages Respected veteran actress JoBeth Williams, co-starring opposite Richard Dreyfuss on the new TBS sitcom “Your Family or Mine,” doesn't mince words when it comes to TV roles for mature women...
B. Smith's last remaining restaurant closes its doors The former model and restaurateur is battling Alzheimer's, but her husband says they closed up shop because of location costs.
San Jose resident and competitive eater extraordinaire Joey Chestnut claimed victory again Wednesday at the Nathan's Famous Hot Dog Eating Contest in New York, downing 74 franks in 10 minutes.
For the 11th time in 12 years, Chestnut downed more hot dogs and their buns than any other competitor, beating second place finisher Carmen Cincotti n the Fourth of July competition by nearly 20 dogs. The 25-year-old Cincotti downed 45 hot dogs in the competition.
In an interview with this news organization Tuesday, the 34-year-old former construction manager turned full-time competitive eater said he prepared in the days leading up to the contest by fasting — subsisting on water with lemon, amino acids and a few caramels.
He'd been in New York since last Thursday, he said, acclimating to the oppressing East Coast summer humidity.
That appeared to pay off Wednesday, as Chestnut outpaced his 20 challengers in the competition's 102th year.
As crowds donning hot dog hats packed Coney Island, Chestnut alternated between shoving two hot dogs and two buns into his mouth for the duration of the competition.
“If I'm going to get up on stage to eat hot dogs,” Chestnut told ESPN, which broadcast the competition, “I'm not going to do it to get third or fourth.”
Related Articles Joey Chestnut says he's ready to break new record at hot dog eating contest
Fourth of July: Joey Chestnut's hot dog condiments now available
Taste-Off: The best — and worst — deli turkey
Netflix's “Somebody Feed Phil” host talks food, travel and beef udders
5 Netflix food TV shows you should be watching right now Hot dogs aren't the only food the professional eater is known for eating in massive quantities. According to Major League Eating, the body that oversees professional eating contests, Chestnut once ate nearly 13 pounds of deep fried asparagus in 10 minutes and 55 glazed donuts in the same amount of time. In 2013, he inhaled 141 hard boiled eggs in eight minutes.
After Chestnut beat Takeru Kobayashi in 2007 for the title of top dog, winning the coveted Mustard Yellow Belt, he remained undefeated for eight straight years. His one and only loss came in 2014 at the hands of fellow San Jose resident Matt Stonie, but Chestnut reclaimed victory in 2015 and has maintained champion status since then.
In the women's competition, Miki Sudo defended her title, becoming just the third competitor to win five titles and downing 37 franks in 10 minutes. Both Chestnut and Sudo will take home a $10,000 first-place prize.
ABC News(NEW YORK) — Michael Riordan met his wife Jennifer in a shopping mall 29 years ago. He was 17 years old. She was just 15.
Last week, Michael's world changed when he learned Jennifer had been killed on Southwest Flight 1380 after an engine failed 32,000 feet above the ground on April 17.
Jennifer, a 43-year-old bank executive and mother of two, was partially sucked out of the plane's window, despite wearing her seat belt. Her fellow passengers were able to pull her back inside of the aircraft but were not able to save her.
Jennifer became the first person to die in an accident on a U.S. airline in nearly 10 years.
Michael sat down with ABC News in his hometown of Albuquerque, New Mexico, to share how he learned about Jennifer's death and how he broke the news to their young children.
It began with a phone call from the chaplain at the Philadelphia hospital where Jennifer's body was taken after the flight made an emergency landing.
“The chaplain at the hospital called and said, ‘We need to speak with Mike Riordan who is married to Jennifer. Are you married to Jennifer Riordan?'” Michael said. “I said, ‘Yes, but she wasn't going through Philadelphia. She was planning on going to Chicago so I don't think you –‘ just absolute denial. I'm still in denial.”
The chaplain told Michael he was going to have the doctor call him. Before the doctor got through, however, Michael was able to search for news online that could have affected Jennifer.
“I saw one passenger brought to the hospital, like, ‘OK, but the whole plane didn't crash,'” he said, adding, “I was like, ‘She can't be injured that bad she's just in a hospital, but I can get out there and I can hold her hand and love on her.'”
Two minutes later, Michael said, the doctor called and told him they were sorry and had tried everything they could to save his wife but she didn't make it.
“I immediately thought of the kids and how do you tell your kids their mom was gone,” Michael said, referring to the couple's young son and daughter. Jennifer had planned to meet the family at their son's baseball game that Tuesday night after her flight from New York.
Instead, Michael drove to his children's school, where he brought them into a chapel to share the news.
“I just held their little hands and took a knee and said, ‘Mommy's not going to come home guys,'” he said.
On Sunday, hundreds of people turned out to mourn Jennifer's passing. Michael said it was the first time he had felt peace since her death, being in the presence of those who loved her and were touched by her life.
Michael told ABC News he has avoided listening to news reports about the incident and Southwest's response, choosing for now to only concentrate on his children.
Southwest Airlines Chief Executive Officer Gary Kelly expressed gratitude that no one else was seriously injured, but described the passenger's death as a “tragic loss.”
“This is a sad day, and our hearts go out to the family and loved ones of the deceased customer,” Kelly said during a press conference April 17.
Kelly said he was not aware of any issues with the Boeing 737, which was last inspected on Sunday. No issues with the plane or engine were reported at that time, he said, calling the Boeing 737 the “workhorse of the airline industry.”
In a statement, Boeing expressed its “deepest condolences” to the victim's family.
NTSB investigators will continue the investigation in Washington, D.C., where in 12 to 15 months they are expected to announce a probable cause and more safety recommendations.
Meanwhile, airlines are under an order to quickly inspect engines like the one that failed on Flight 1380.
ABC News' Martha Raddatz's conversation with Michael Riordan will air on an upcoming episode of ABC News' “20/20.”
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
A powerful late summer thunderstorm rolled through the Truckee River valley on a mid-September afternoon. As I drove through downtown Truckee, the fire department was out in force cutting down an old pine snag that had been struck by lightning along Glenshire Drive just over the knoll from the river. In the distance, I could see yellow light breaking over the Pacific Crest. If the weather cleared, it was going to be perfect, post-rain conditions for mountain bike riding on the Sawtooth Trail.
Download the trail map
When I arrived at the trailhead at the northern end of 06 Fire Road off Thelin Drive in the Sierra Meadows neighborhood of Truckee, the air was still cool and moist. My friend, Ryan Glew, a radiology assistant at Tahoe Forest Hospital, pulled in just as I was donning my raggedy, old bike shoes on the tailgate of my pickup truck. We had about two hours of daylight left as we hit the trail, a sufficient amount of time for this 9-mile cross-country ride.
The trail begins on a series of roots and rocks smoothed over by previous riders. After passing giant slanting boulders where I can imagine the Washoe once camped near, we veered south on some satisfying switchback turns that led us along the discontinuous basalt cliff line that overlooks the section of river between Truckee and Olympic Valley. The still-damp pine needles created the perfectly soft landscape for our ride as we swung around the corner into a majestic view of the river canyon with snow-speckled mountains rising above.
The still-damp pine needles created the perfectly soft landscape for our ride as we swung around the corner into a majestic view of the Truckee River canyon with snow-speckled mountains rising above.
Sawtooth is a great moderate ride because it is relatively flat and rolling without any large climbs to speak of. Its rocky sections are a great introduction to a sizeable certain portion of Tahoe riding. A couple of short, curvy downhills took us past the turnoff for a half-mile viewpoint loop that's worth checking out if only for the noteworthy rock formations. After reconnecting with the trail, we flowed through well-spaced stands of Jeffrey pines as we approached the halfway point of the loop.
Around the time we re-crossed the fire road, a beautiful 360-degree sunset had formed around us beneath the overhead blanket of fluorescent clouds. A short, broad, vertical rainbow shone through massive pine trees. It was the sixth rainbow I'd seen in this miraculously precipitous year. That's counting the two doubles in September. We stopped for a while and it was quiet, a soft autumn breeze cooling the sweat from our necks.
This backside of Sawtooth is much silkier than the front section with fewer rocks to navigate and slow you down. After crossing under power lines and over a couple of abandoned fire roads, we reached a trail junction. At is this point, riders can connect into Two Beavers and a Bear and Two Bridges trails, alternate routes that loop around upper Martis Creek Valley under the shadow of Northstar's Mount Pluto. There are actually more than two bridges out there, but you'll have to see that for yourself.
As we continued to move swiftly along Sawtooth proper, the trail was bounded on either side by sagebrush and manzanita. Copious pads of mahala mat lined the trail on either side creating a luminous effect in the fading pinkish twilight. After passing some gigantic douglas firs, we reached the only real climb of the ride. After cresting the burned-out knoll of manzanita reaching up to an indigo skyline, we dropped into a deep, dense forest where deer lay to sleep.
Passing a random, rocky, volcanic outcropping, we descended steadily back toward the fire road just as darkness fell. Riding down the old logging road we magically dipped and dodged the mud puddles reflecting the fading clouds, arriving back to the car just before headlamps became necessary. The feeling of riding in the near darkness is much like skiing on a low-light day. We kept loose and expected the unexpected as we rode silently on black air toward home.
Next year, Truckee Trails Foundation is planning to build a connector trail from Sawtooth to Watson Lake where riders can connect into the Tahoe Rim Trail. It will be a welcome addition to this already gratifying system of trails that, after the Emigrant Trail, is the most moderate mountain-biking route available in the greater Truckee region. | truckeetrails.org
If you're one of those who has yet to even see the two-tab interface, you'll be surprised to hear that Google is already testing out a third tab. Reports indicate that the new button performs a search. The tab might be a bit redundant, given the search bar already present at the top of the page, but perhaps scrolling to the top was a bit too inconvenient for some.
We've received a few tips and comments about the new icon over the last week, and though it appears to be a widespread test, there isn't any pattern that we've noticed. Given the way the dual-tab setup before seems to work, you might not see it in the Google app if you have a Now-integrated launcher. Some users have reported that the tabs appear in their Google app outside a launcher, while others (such as myself) aren't able to see any of the new features via either method.
It's not a huge change since it's just bringing the same search feature already present down into its own tab, but it's interesting to follow the way they have been testing changes to the Google app UI, and the general proliferation of iOS-alike tabs in Google's apps. Hopefully, those of us with Pixel devices or incompatible launchers will be able to make use of the interface changes soon.
SCOTTSDALE, AZ--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - Upper Street Marketing, Inc. ( OTC PINK : UPPR) announced today that the company has engaged Michael Woods of Woods & Company in Vancouver as legal counsel to complete the necessary filings to become current with the British Columbia Securities Commission.
About Upper Street Marketing
Upper Street Marketing combines decades of tactical branding experience with research-based intelligence to uncover, invest in -- and expedite the growth of -- companies displaying outstanding management and ROI potential. Upper Street Marketing is committed to its shareholders first and ascribes to a business ideology promoting transparency, visibility, growth and value.
Cautionary Language Concerning Forward-Looking Statements
Statements in this press release may be "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as "anticipate", "believe", "estimate", "expect", "intend", and similar expressions, as they relate to the Company or its management, identify forward-looking statements. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates, and projections about the Company's business, based, in part, on assumptions made by management. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may, and probably will, differ materially from what is expressed or forecasted in such forward-looking statements due to numerous factors. Such statements could be affected by risks and uncertainties related to: (i) our ability to integrate Ennoble Progressive Beverage Distribution Inc. into the Company's operations, (ii) product demand, market, and customer acceptance of the Company's products, (iii) the Company's ability to obtain financing to expand our operations, (iv) the Company's ability to attract qualified sales representatives, (v) competition, pricing and development difficulties, (vi) the Company's ability to conduct the business if there are changes in laws, regulations, or government policies related to the Company's products, (vii) the Company's ability to conduct operations if it faces product recalls, and (viii) general industry and market conditions and growth rates and general economic conditions. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and the Company does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this release. Information on Upper Street Marketing's and Ennoble Progressive Beverage Distribution Inc.'s websites does not constitute a part of this release.
SHARE COPY LINK More Videos 74 Guantánamo commander on help from the Cuban military extinguishing base wildfires Pause 108 Guantánamo pays respects to the Florida school shooting victims 103 Detention center commanders answers questions about detainee art 50 Inside the Guantánamo prison after Trump's speech 80 Attorney-client meeting room at Guantánamo Bay 167 What Guantánamo's secret prison is really like 88 Future uncertain for Guantánamo detainees' art 367 Pentagons war crimes prosecutor ends media availability at Gitmo 20 Defense Attorney Rick Kammen at a 2016 post-hearing news conference at Guantanamo 119 These guys brew the freshest beer at Guantánamo Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
A look inside ​a ​legal meeting room ​at the 24-cell ​Camp ​Echo ​at Guantánamo Bay ​as shown to reporters in 2014. Jose Iglesias jiglesias@miamiherald.com
A look inside ​a ​legal meeting room ​at the 24-cell ​Camp ​Echo ​at Guantánamo Bay ​as shown to reporters in 2014. Jose Iglesias jiglesias@miamiherald.com
Whether online retailer Amazon plans to enter the pharmacy-services space has been the subject of speculation for months, and Leerink analyst David Larsen is now going public with his position on the will-it-or-won't-it question.
“It's a matter of when, not if,” Larsen said, adding that he expects an announcement in the next year or two. “While AMZN AMZN, +0.67% is likely still researching what its ultimate strategy should look like, with [approximately 75 million] Amazon Prime lives, seemingly unlimited resources, and highly advanced technology capabilities, we believe [Amazon] can create disruption to the existing market.”
As such, Larsen said he's more cautious about pharmacy-benefit managers and retail pharmacies, both major players in the pharmaceutical supply chain.
Pharmacy retailers such as Walgreens Boots Alliance WBA, -4.70% and RiteAid Corp. RAD, -4.57% face the biggest threat for now, he said, while companies like CVS Health Corp. CVS, -3.86% may be able to leverage pharmacy-benefit-manager services to reduce risk.
CNBC reported later Friday that an Amazon entry is “very much an ‘if' and not a ‘when,'” adding that the company will decide by Thanksgiving whether to move into the industry.
Don't miss: Every time this happens, Amazon crushes another legacy retailer
Express Scripts Holding Co. ESRX, -2.61% , the largest stand-alone pharmacy-benefit manager, may be willing to partner with Amazon since it “has been facing deteriorating mail volumes for years and [Amazon's] technology in our view could be the strategy needed to improve performance,” Larsen said. So might Walgreens, he said, through some kind of retail partnership.
Drug distributors like McKesson Corp. MCK, -2.00% , AmerisourceBergen Corp. ABC, -4.47% and Cardinal Health Inc. CAH, -2.71% are likely to have less exposure in the near term, according to Larsen.
See: Amazon's Whole Foods deal pummels pharmaceutical stocks
The easiest initial target for Amazon would likely be generic medications, which are lower-cost than so-called specialty medications and make up a majority of prescriptions, Larsen said.
An estimated 5% to 10% of U.S. individuals pay cash for their prescriptions, he said, and Amazon could potentially offer a drug discount program to those customers.
There also might be an avenue into specialty pharmacy through an acquisition, Larsen said, based on conversations with specialists from consulting services firm MEDACorp.
Amazon's acquisition of Whole Foods in June sparked investor concerns that the store's physical presence would provide Amazon an opening into the pharmacy category.
Read more: Amazon is pressuring drug stocks without lifting a finger
And: Is Amazon serious about getting into pharmacy? This analyst isn't so sure
But Larsen's analysis suggested that Amazon's mail capacity and online services constitute a greater advantage, though he did note that the company could open pharmacies inside Whole Foods stores.
“We're surprised to learn that it would take just [one or two] years to build a [pharmacy-benefits manager],” Larsen said. “There is significant mail capacity and there are claims platforms available that [Amazon] could use.”
Further, “we do not believe that Amazon has to win a massive amount of [market] share to keep pressure on the pharmacy supply chain,” Larsen said, “rather ongoing reimbursement competition and discussions on drug pricing may be enough to keep pressure on the group.”
Related: Amazon could push more pharmacies into offering lab tests
Not all of Wall Street is sold, though. Mizuho analyst Ann Hynes has long maintained she doesn't see any sign that Amazon has plans to get into pharmacy services.
The company doesn't appear to have posted any pharmacy-related jobs, and it hasn't mentioned the industry on any of its earnings calls over the last decade, according to Hynes.
The Health Care Select Sector SPDR exchange-traded fund XLV, -0.16% has risen 5.3% over the past three months, as compared with a 5.6% rise in the S&P 500 SPX, -0.20% .
Read on: Amazon has gotten so big the government might do something about it
The Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA) on Monday said Nigeria had attained another high level safety rating which placed it among the world leaders in aviation safety.
The NCAA made the announcement in a statement by its General Manager, Public Relations, Mr. Sam Adurogboye and obtained by the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) in Lagos.
The statement stated that the country climbed to Level three State Safety Programme (SSP) Implementation Process, joining countries like the United States of America, United Kingdom and others in the echelon.
“This categorisation is dependent on the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO), which tracks the SSP implementation process of member-states via its Integrated Safety Trend Analysis and Reporting System (iSTARS).
“Member states in tandem, therefore, deploy this platform to undertake Gap Analysis, define their action plans and benchmark their progress.
“Only two member states-Australia and Sri Lanka- have achieved full implementation of the SSP according to ICAO records.
Nigeria is striving to achieve Level Four, which is 100 per cent by the end 0f 2017,” it said.
According to the statement, the SSP process is inaugurated in member countries in compliance with the ICAO requirements as contained in Annex 19 on Safety Management.
The statement added that Nigeria's advanced level had put its SSP implementation process among states that defined an action plan for all non-implemented Gap questions.
It said in other words, Nigeria had completed its Gap Analysis, implemented 43.6 per cent of the required SSP tasks.
” In addition, the country has developed a detailed action plan for the accomplishment of the outstanding tasks with an established and approved timeline.
“In pursuant to this, Nigeria has commenced the implementation of the SSP processes and has achieved several milestones.
“These include the completion of the SSP Gap Analysis and the establishment of the Implementation Plan approved by the Director General-General (DG), NCAA.
“Other completed SSP tasks are the official authorisation of the DG, NCAA as the Accountable Executive of the SSP and the designation of the NCAA as the Placeholder Organisation of the SSP in Nigeria by the Minister of State (Aviation), Sen. Hadi Sirika.”
It said the approval and publication of the State Safety Policy Statement, the Enforcement Policy in an SSP-SMS environment, including Nigeria's Voluntary and Confidential Reporting System, were among the tasks that have been concluded.
According to the statement, the ICAO Aviation Safety Plan (GASP) has recognised the relevance of establishing and maintaining fundamental safety oversight systems as a prerequisite to the full implementation of an SSP.
“Member-states with robust safety oversight system have been called upon to progress towards full implementation of SSP.
“An SSP is an integrated set of regulations and activities aimed at improving aviation safety which will be monitored through Universal Safety Oversight Audit Programme (USOAP) and Continuous Monitoring Approach (CMA) after such a state has achieved an Effective Implementation (EI) of over 60 per cent.
“It is required that states that have achieved EI levels of over 60 per cent should endeavour to fully implement SSP by 2019.
“Nigeria achieved an EI Level of 67.36 per cent during the immediate past ICAO USOAP Audit in March 2016 which is above world average of 63.54 per cent. ”
It noted that with the achievement, the NCAA would continue to ensure that air transportation in Nigeria was seamless, safe and secure at all times.
It, therefore, urged airline operators to take advantage of the robust regulation and adhere to all safety regulations contained in the Nigeria Civil Aviation Regulations (Nig.CARs). (NAN)
New research analyzes trends in digital media consumption habits
DALLAS, TX--(Marketwired - Feb 15, 2017) - New consumer research from Parks Associates reveals 29% of U.S. broadband households get most of their news from social media platforms like Facebook and Twitter. According to 360 View: Digital Media & Connected Consumers, despite the emergence of online sources for news, the majority of broadband consumers feel that television is more authentic than online video.
"Among all U.S. broadband households, 52% feel television is more authentic than online video, and the prevalence of this attitude increases with age," said Glenn Hower, Senior Analyst, Parks Associates. "By contrast, nearly 30% of consumers ages 18-24 believe online video is more authentic than television, and this age group watches content from video sharing sites an average of 13 days per month, compared to only seven days per month for consumers in the 35-44 age group."
360 View: Digital Media & Connected Consumers notes that online media services are still finding their footing, but a significant percentage of young consumers show a built-in affinity for online video, which will create problems for more traditional media outlets.
"The fact that nearly one-third of consumers ages 18-24 share deeper connections with online video personalities than with TV personalities is cause for concern for established media companies," Hower said. "The next generation is embracing online media, and a media status quo will all but guarantee eyeballs shift away from the television."
With such a high percentage of consumers relying on online video for their news, namely through social media platforms, media companies must also overcome the growing trend of fake news circulating the web. The trend became a hot topic following November's presidential election, including debates over the effect it had on the outcome of the election. Social media giant Facebook, which has a user base of nearly 1.8 billion people, recently announced its plans to address the issue by giving users the ability to report fake stories, which could also disrupt spammers' financial incentives.
"Younger consumers, many of whom are passionate about social issues, can find and spread information like wildfire through social media. This is a real problem when inaccurate or unverified reports slip through social media algorithms," Hower said. "It has really raised an economic crisis in the journalism space. Trained journalists are necessary for reporting accurate news stories, but consumers increasingly are resistant to paying for news content."
360 View: Digital Media & Connected Consumers analyzes trends in music and video consumption by platform, source, and content expenditure. It segments consumers based on their consumption habits and identifies how these habits have been changing over the last four years and how the relative size of each segment is changing. The research also explores OTT service subscriptions as well as current online gaming consumption figures. Additional research from the report shows:
Consumer ages 25-34 watch content from video-sharing sites an average of 10 days per month.
Among all broadband consumers, only 15% feel online video is more authentic than television.
29% of consumers would rather watch a live stream of an event than attend the event itself.
More information about this 360 View is available at www.parksassociates.com. To schedule an interview with an analyst or to request specific data, contact Holly Sprague at hsprague@gmail.com, 720.987.6614.
About Parks Associates
Parks Associates is an internationally recognized market research and consulting company specializing in emerging consumer technology products and services. Founded in 1986, Parks Associates creates research capital for companies ranging from Fortune 500 to small start-ups through market reports, primary studies, consumer research, custom research, workshops, executive conferences, and annual service subscriptions.
The company's expertise includes digital media and platforms, entertainment and gaming, home networks, Internet and television services, digital health, mobile applications and services, support services, consumer apps, advanced advertising, consumer electronics, energy management, and home control systems and security.
Each year, Parks Associates hosts industry webcasts, the CONNECTIONS™ Conference Series, Connected Health Summit: Engaging Consumers, and Smart Energy Summit: Engaging the Consumer. http://www.parksassociates.com
A lot of things happen inside the Bigg Boss 11 house. What we watch on television is just one part of the whole drama. The uncut and unseen videos of Bigg Boss 11 are available on Voot.
Recently, Bollywood film, Fukrey Returns' cast, Pulkit Samrat, Varun Sharma, Richa Chadda and Manjoth, visited the Bigg Boss house to promote their film. Apparently, Pulkit Samrat is an old friend of Vikas Gupta and Hiten Tejwani!
Pulkit & Hiten In Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi Vikas Gupta worked with Hiten Tejwani and Pulkit Samrat in Star Plus' popular show, Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi. Vikas was upset with Pulkit as he felt that the Bollywood actor ignored him! Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi Cast A source was quoted by IE as saying, "Pulkit made his debut with Kyunki..., and since Vikas worked as a creative with the show, they have known each other quite well." Vikas Upset! "When Vikas saw Pulkit entering the house, he excitedly went on to hug him. But Pulkit, who is now a Bollywood face didn't seem quite interested in reviving old times and met him casually, just as he would meet any other contestant. This left Vikas quite upset." Hiten & Vikas Apparently, after the actors left the Bigg Boss house, Vikas was seen discussing the same with Hiten Tejwani. But Hiten told Vikas that maybe it was not his intention and he shouldn't take it to heart! Pulkit With Salman Interestingly, Pulkit, who had fallout with his wife Shweta Rohira (Salman's rakhi sister), didn't share an awkward moment on stage with Salman. The cast was seen having a good time with Salman on the Bigg Boss set. Pulkit Samrat Apologises To Vikas Gupta! A few hours ago, Pulkit Samrat took to social media to apologised to Bigg Boss 11 contestant, Vikas Gupta. Pulkit Tweeted "Buddy, apologies if you felt I gave you a cold shoulder inside the @BiggBoss house.. we all were excited and shaking with the thought of sharing the stage with Bhai.. unke saamne bolti band bro! Hope u understand! More power to you n wish you the best always! 🤘🤗@lostboy54."
#VirushkaWEDDING: Karan Patel, Kapil Sharma, Arjun Bijlani & Other TV Celebs Wish Anushka & Virat!
BOGOTA, Colombia — As a meeting last August in the Oval Office to discuss sanctions on Venezuela was concluding, President Donald Trump turned to his top aides and asked an unsettling question: With a fast unraveling Venezuela threatening regional security, why can't the U.S. just simply invade the troubled country?
The suggestion stunned those present at the meeting, including Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and national security adviser H.R. McMaster, both of whom have since left the administration. This account of the previously undisclosed conversation comes from a senior administration official familiar with what was said.
In an exchange that lasted around five minutes, McMaster and others took turns explaining to Trump how military action could backfire and risk losing hard-won support among Latin American governments to punish President Nicolas Maduro for taking Venezuela down the path of dictatorship, according to the official. The official spoke on the condition of anonymity because of the sensitive nature of the discussions.
But Trump pushed back. Although he gave no indication he was about to order up military plans, he pointed to what he considered past cases of successful gunboat diplomacy in the region, according to the official, like the invasions of Panama and Grenada in the 1980s.
The idea, despite his aides' best attempts to shoot it down, would nonetheless persist in the president's head.
The next day, Aug. 11, Trump alarmed friends and foes alike with talk of a "military option" to remove Maduro from power.
The public remarks were initially dismissed in U.S. policy circles as the sort of martial bluster people have come to expect from the reality TV star turned commander in chief.
But shortly afterward, he raised the issue with Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos, according to the U.S. official. Two high-ranking Colombian officials who spoke on condition of anonymity to avoid antagonizing Trump confirmed the report.
"If Venezuela were attacked, the rifles will arrive in New York, Mr. Trump. We will take the White House."
Then in September, on the sidelines of the U.N. General Assembly, Trump discussed it again, this time at greater length, in a private dinner with leaders from four Latin American allies that included Santos, the same three people said and Politico reported in February.
The U.S. official said Trump was specifically briefed not to raise the issue and told it wouldn't play well, but the first thing the president said at the dinner was, "My staff told me not to say this." Trump then went around asking each leader if they were sure they didn't want a military solution, according to the official, who added that each leader told Trump in clear terms they were sure.
Eventually, McMaster would pull aside the president and walk him through the dangers of an invasion, the official said.
Taken together, the behind-the-scenes talks, the extent and details of which have not been previously reported, highlight how Venezuela's political and economic crisis has received top attention under Trump in a way that was unimaginable in the Obama administration. But critics say it also underscores how his "America First" foreign policy at times can seem outright reckless, providing ammunition to America's adversaries.
The White House declined to comment on the private conversations. But a National Security Council spokesman reiterated that the U.S. will consider all options at its disposal to help restore Venezuela's democracy and bring stability. Under Trump's leadership, the U.S., Canada and European Union have levied sanctions on dozens of top Venezuelan officials, including Maduro himself, over allegations of corruption, drug trafficking and human rights abuses. The U.S. has also distributed more than $30 million to help Venezuela's neighbors absorb an influx of more than 1 million migrants who have fled the country.
World
For Maduro, who has long claimed that the U.S. has military designs on Venezuela and its vast oil reserves, Trump's bellicose talk provided the unpopular leader with an immediate if short-lived boost as he was trying to escape blame for widespread food shortages and hyperinflation. Within days of the president's talk of a military option, Maduro filled the streets of Caracas with loyalists to condemn "Emperor" Trump's belligerence, ordered up nationwide military exercises and threatened with arrest opponents he said were plotting his overthrow with the U.S.
"Mind your own business and solve your own problems, Mr. Trump!" thundered Nicolas Maduro, the president's son, at the government-stacked constituent assembly. "If Venezuela were attacked, the rifles will arrive in New York, Mr. Trump," the younger Maduro said. "We will take the White House."
Even some of the staunchest U.S. allies were begrudgingly forced to side with Maduro in condemning Trump's saber rattling. Santos, a big backer of U.S. attempts to isolate Maduro, said an invasion would have zero support in the region. The Mercosur trade bloc, which includes Brazil and Argentina, issued a statement saying "the only acceptable means of promoting democracy are dialogue and diplomacy" and repudiating "any option that implies the use of force."
World
But among Venezuela's beleaguered opposition movement, hostility to the idea of a military intervention has slowly eased.
A few weeks after Trump's public comments, Harvard economics professor Ricardo Hausmann, a former Venezuelan planning minister, wrote a syndicated column titled "D Day Venezuela," in which he called for a "coalition of the willing" made up of regional powers and the U.S. to step in and support militarily a government appointed by the opposition-led national assembly.
Mark Feierstein, who oversaw Latin America on the National Security Council during the Obama administration, said that strident U.S. action on Venezuela, however commendable, won't loosen Maduro's grip on power if it's not accompanied by pressure from the streets. However, he thinks Venezuelans have largely been demoralized after a crackdown on protests last year triggered dozens of deaths, and the threat of more repression has forced dozens of opposition leaders into exile.
"People inside and outside the administration know they can ignore plenty of what Trump says," Feierstein, who is now a senior adviser at the Albright Stonebridge Group, said of Trump's talk of military invasion of Venezuela. "The concern is that it raised expectations among Venezuelans, many of whom are waiting for an external actor to save them."
Recently, Rajkumar Hirani and Vidhi Vinod Chopra showcased the trailer of Sanju to Rishi Kapoor and actor was seen praising son Ranbir Kapoor like never before! He was pleasantly surprised seeing the terrific performance of his son and while getting teary-eyed, he said, "The way Rajkumar Hirani has presented Ranbir is the biggest superb thing, the boy has really done well. I am so proud of him. I swear on Neetu and Ranbir, I did not think it was Ranbir, I thought it was Sanjay Dutt."
"You don't know how emotionally triggered I am right now at the point where Vinod (Chopra) and Raju (Rajkumar Hirani) have shown me this trailer. The first appearance of Ranbir from the jail, I thought it was Sanjay Dutt."
When Ranbir was asked about his reaction after seeing his dad all emotional, here's what the actor said:
Ranbir Got All Emotional "Besides being my father, he is also an actor I really admire and respect... He never tells me to my face that I've done good work, not that I expect it either. But when you hear such words coming from him, it is incredible, it really moved me, made me emotional."
This Was A Wonderful Gift "Every father wants their son to do well, but my father is very careful that he won't give compliments for free. He always tells us 'kasar reh gayi hai, work harder' (There is still scope for improvement, work harder)'. This was a wonderful gift," Ranbir said at the trailer launch of "Sanju".
Ranbir On His Mom's Reaction After Watching Sanju Trailer The actor added that his mother loves his performance in all his films.
"My mother is my biggest fan, whatever I do she loves. When she saw 'Bombay Velvet' she thought it was the greatest film in the world," he said.
Ranbir Also Talked About Collaborating With Sonam After 10 Years "We never got an opportunity to work together again but Sonam is still the same, she hasn't changed. Her personality is still the same. The only thing which has changed is that she has become an even better actress. Both of us really enjoyed working with each other," he said.
Produced by Vidhu Vinod Chopra, "Sanju" also features Paresh Rawal, Manisha Koirala, Dia Mirza and Anushka Sharma The film is scheduled to release on June 29.
Group of Seven nations are searching for ways to crack down on “disinformation campaigns” that threaten democracies -- and suggesting tech giants could face consequences if they don't cooperate.
Foreign and security ministers met in Toronto this week, discussing a range of issues, including Russian interference in elections. The security ministers are scheduled to meet Tuesday with the Global Internet Forum to Counterterrorism, an industry group that includes Facebook Inc., Alphabet Inc.'s Google, Twitter Inc., Microsoft Corp. and others.
While the group's focus has been on counter-terrorism, Canadian Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale suggested it could be expanded to include how governments and companies in the internet and technology sector could work together to thwart attacks against democracy. The U.S. has said Russian President Vladimir Putin personally ordered a hacking and disinformation campaign to influence the 2016 U.S. election, while the Cambridge Analytica scandal has raised questions about the use of social media to influence campaigns.
“This is a conversation that is just beginning in many ways but it is a very important conversation where the companies will be held to account for their behavior and their responsibilities,” Goodale told reporters during a press conference in Toronto on Monday.
‘Disinformation Campaigns'
Canadian Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland declined to specify whether countries would consider new penalties for social media platforms that don't do enough to stop efforts to destabilize democracies, whether in the G-7 or abroad.
The internet and social media have “created new vulnerabilities and new opportunities for actors that wish to pursue disinformation,” Freeland said. Ministers will “prepare some concrete ideas on how to make our democracies more resilient and indeed how to make democracies more resilient around the world.”
Any new measures will respect free speech, political dissent and freedom of expression, she said. “Even as we work to make our democracies more resilient, I think that point is very important to underscore and ministers certainly did,” Freeland said.
The Washington-based Internet Association, a group that represents big technology firms, didn't immediately reply to a request for comment.
G-7 Communique
In the U.S., the Democratic National Committee has sued Russia, the Trump campaign and WikiLeaks for what it called a "brazen attack on American democracy." The Cambridge Analytica scandal also has a Canadian link, with a Victoria-based firm alleged to be the technology behind harvesting social media data to help win elections.
U.S. legislators have proposed a bill requiring online political ads to disclose who paid for them.
Foreign ministers issued a joint communique on Monday that criticized a “pattern of irresponsible and destabilizing Russian behavior, including interference in countries' democratic systems.” And they pledged to fight terrorism “while safeguarding the democratic character of our countries, promoting the rule of law, and upholding established national and international human rights norms and obligations.”
Security ministers will wrap up their meeting Tuesday afternoon. Goodale said Monday the Global Internet Forum to Counterterrorism is “very useful” and includes all major internet companies.
“The focus is what they and we can and should do together to counterterrorist use of the world wide web,” he told reporters. “When we get into those conversations, it is very obvious that there are other harms that need to be addressed as well, like child sexual exploitation, like human trafficking, and like the use of the internet for disinformation and for purposes that interfere with democracy and freedom.”
— With assistance by Gerrit De Vynck
Creating great customer experiences separates market leaders from the rest of the pack. Here are 12 ideas, best practices, strategies and words of advice for advancing your digital marketing efforts in the year ahead.
Brad Rencher at the 2017 Adobe Summit
You put on a show in Vegas, you gotta give the crowd glitz. And that's exactly what Adobe did with its recent Adobe Summit 2017, which featured a motivational talk from Peyton Manning, surprise appearances from Ryan Gosling and Penn & Teller, and Saturday Night Live's Kate McKinnon showing off her improv genius.
But marketers were there to learn, and the conference delivered on that front, too. Here are 12 digital marketing ideas, best practices, strategies and nuggets of wisdom shared during the summit.
1. Digital transformation is ‘all or nothing'
During the Summit's keynote, Adobe CEO and President Shantanu Narayen addressed the pain points many organizations face today: The need to stay ahead of competitors, the struggle to achieve digital transformation, and, above all, the need to deliver exceptional customer experiences.
“Just when we think we've figured out our strategies, new experiences and technologies emerge, creating more fear across industries than I've ever seen,” Narayen said. He cited Adobe, circa 2008, as an example of a company at a crossroads. At the time, “our growth was stagnating,” he said. Mobile was “upending” Adobe's desktop software model. “We weren't mission-critical to where our customers were heading.”
Adobe executives decided the company needed to transform from being “leaders in content creation” to “leaders in content creation and data,” including analytics, Narayen continued. “We moved from box software to monthly cloud subscriptions, and we had to earn that business every day. We persevered, experimented and evolved.”
Most every company has its version of that story today, or soon will. Narayen added: “Preserving the status quo is not a business strategy. Digital transformation is all or nothing.”
2. Customer experience is the new battleground
A brand that hopes to survive and prosper must transform into an “experience business,” where delivering an amazing customer experience is the top-line business goal, Narayen said. Creating great customer experiences separates market leaders from the rest of the pack, he added.
But becoming an “experience business” is by no means easy. Such a transformation creates “an all-hands-on-deck moment for companies,” said Brad Rencher, Adobe executive vice president and general manager of digital marketing, during the keynote. “It's not just the charter of the marketing department. We're all stewards of the customer experience.”
We've reached the point where customers dictate their relationship with brands, and not the other way around, as it once was, said Forrester analyst James McCormick in a separate session. “We've given customers many digital ways to engage with us, and they can engage with our competitors, too.” And they can easily move on to a competitor if their experience with your brand is unsatisfying, he pointed out.
3. Four tenets of becoming an experience business
Rencher offered his take on the 4 tenets that successful experience-focused businesses have in common:
The company must know and respect its customers — and know what they want before they ask. The company must speak in one voice across sales, marketing, support and all other functions. Technology should be transparent to the customer. “Don't make (the experience) about the technology,” Rencher said. “The medium is not the message. The experience is the message.” The company must delight its customers at every turn so that customers' expectations of the brand “consistently, constantly elevate.”
As an example, Rencher said automotive companies are transforming into experience businesses. In the past, they sold cars. But cars are evolving into ‘experience pods,' where technology personalizes your experience with music playlists, temperature controls, speed settings and more. “Pretty soon, the least interesting thing you will do with your car will be to drive it,” he added.
Read more: Adobe digital marketing chief: 4 competencies required to be an experience-led business
4. Enterprise execs lack vision for digital disruption
According to Forrester, 89 percent of enterprise executives believe digital will disrupt their business within the next 12 months. But only 27 percent of CEOs say they have a clear vision for digital transformation of their business, McCormick said.
Similarly, 73 percent of executives say their firms aspire to be data-driven, but 29 percent say they're not adept at being data-driven. The result is a big disconnect between all the data that's being collected about customers and businesses that are successfully turning that data into action, McCormick said.
Look for that scenario to change this year. In 2017, customer insights “will be liberated” by artificial intelligence (AI), McCormick continued. “This will be the year when businesses gain direct access to powerful customer insights through new vendor-built cognitive interfaces and other AI-related technologies,” he said. It will be the year of the ‘insights revolution,' where businesses harness and apply data “at every opportunity” to differentiate products and customer experiences.
5. Don't expect a one-stop shop
No one vendor will be able to give marketers all the insights, analytics and tools they need, McCormick added. “You'll need to work with multiple partners to get the complete digital insights stack.”
6. Customer insights will drive growth
Businesses like Amazon that are “insights-driven,” delivering products and services that wouldn't be possible without customer insights, will collectively generate $1.25 trillion by 2020, Forrester predicts. That's up from a collective $250 billion in 2015.
“Insights-driven businesses will be faster and fleeter” than those that aren't insights-driven, McCormick added. With global Gross Domestic Product (GDP) expected to grow only about 3.5 percent annually, most brands will have to “steal” customers away from competitors in order to grow. To do that, you'll need a solid technology foundation for gaining customer insights.
“Your company needs to be insights-driven by 2020,” McCormick added. “The CMO needs to know this now, not tomorrow.”
7. Competition for mobile web users gets fierce
In a session about digital marketing predictions, Tamara Gaffney, principal analyst for Adobe Digital Insights, said that overall visits to websites declined 0.4 percent since January 2014. In addition, total time spent on websites declined 22 percent from 2015 to 2016. Smartphones are behind the shift, making it more important than ever to make a strong impact on mobile, she said.
“You've got two seconds to get a mobile experience right the first time,” added R “Ray” Wong, principal analyst and chairman at Constellation Research, in the same session. “And if it's bad, they won't come back.”
Put another way: “Make sure your loyal (mobile) visitors come back again and again, because your competitors are trying to steal them,” said Gaffney.
In a separate session, Travis Sabin, mobile app and analytics product manager for Adobe, said that 61 percent of mobile web users are unlikely to return to a site if they had a bad experience.
8. Plan for a future in which people don't buy things
Many consumer brands are focused on selling their products in the largest volumes possible. But in the age of Uber and Netflix, many consumers “don't own things anymore, they're accessing them,” said Wong. “So, when you think about how to sell something, think about what is the smallest unit you can sell and be profitable. Think about how you might not be selling products anymore, you might be selling services. Choose technology to support that business model. Understand that speed and time to innovation trumps perfection. It's better to move forward than to try to move perfectly. And don't hang on to the past, or to an old business model, or someone will disrupt you and you'll have to respond.”
9. Focus less on campaigns
Content marketing has a success rate of only 30 percent, according to Joe Pulizzi, founder, Content Marketing Institute, in a session on content marketing. The low rate is because, too often, marketers think in terms of campaigns that have start and end dates. But you should think of content marketing as publishing, and “publishing never ends,” he said.
“It takes time to build an audience, and most marketers are very impatient,” Pulizzi added. “The average time from the start of content marketing to monetization is 12 to 18 months.”
10. Email marketing still rocks
In terms of overall content marketing effectiveness, email marketing tops the list of channels, ahead of social media networks, said Pulizzi. “Email is the best thing we've got as marketers.” With email, you can communicate directly with, and gain valuable insights into, your subscribers. There's no gatekeeper standing between you and your customer, as there is with social media networks like Facebook.
For example, Starbucks has built a following of nearly 5 million people on Google+. But how will those followers benefit Starbucks if Google+ goes away?, Pulizzi asked. It's better to focus primarily on channels, like email marketing, where you can completely control the interaction with fans and followers.
11. Mobile apps and mobile websites serve different purposes
Is a branded mobile app or a mobile website better for attracting, engaging and delighting customers? The answer: It depends.
Mobile apps are best for providing location-aware offers and features, messaging with customers, encouraging customer loyalty with rewards or other offers, providing customer service and enabling offline functionality, while the mobile web is ideal for enabling local searches, sharing URLs on social media, reaching new customers, increasing your brand's exposure, influencing purchase behavior and easily updating content, said Benjamin Weiss, product manager for pharmacy store chain Walgreens, which offers both a mobile website and a mobile app. Weiss spoke during a session in which mobile apps were pitted against the mobile web.
Ideally, your brand should leverage both. But if your top goal is to reach new and existing customers, focus on the mobile web. A mobile app is recommended to engage customers and improve customer service.
12. Customer engagement starts with happy employees
Virtual reality, augmented reality, 360-degree live videos, AI, machine learning. With so many emerging technologies to enhance marketing and customer experience, where does a CIO focus?
The technology is important, of course. But CIOs should focus, above all, on their team members, said Adobe CIO, Cynthia Stoddard, in an interview. “There's been a lot of talk about how to digitize the workspace to focus on customer experiences,” she said. And while that's important, CIOs “need to take some of that strategic thinking and apply it to their workforce. How do you prepare your organization to really be a leader in the future? How do you support the changing base of employees and give them the tools they're happy with, to keep them from Ubering on to the next place? That's the real challenge for CIOs.”
Read CMO Australia's extensive coverage from the 2017 Adobe Summit:
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Poll: Tax Code Overhaul
Last Updated: December 10, 2017 at 9:10 pm
Republicans are rushing to pass the biggest revamp of the US tax code in decades. What makes it into a final compromise between the House bill and the Senate bill remains to be seen.
A slight majority of Americans are skeptical of the Republican Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, with 53 percent predicting they will not see a reduction in their taxes and the same majority saying the reform will not help dramatically help the economy, according to a USA Today poll. Also, just 32 percent of the registered voters polled support the Republican tax plans, while 48 percent oppose it, the poll found.
Want More News Like This?
CAPA Membership gives you access to all news and analysis on the site, along with access to many areas of our comprehensive databases and toolsets.
Follow WQAM on Twitter | Facebook
DAVIE (CBSMiami) – Miami Dolphins center Mike Pouncey was a full participant in Tuesday's training camp practice.
One thing's for sure about the former pro bowler: He loves football.
And his time on the sidelines has made him appreciate the game he loves more than ever.
Pouncey played in only five games in 2016 before his season officially came to an end in December, when he was placed on injured reserve for a hip injury. He's had surgery on both hips in recent years, and underwent an additional stem cell procedure last spring.
On Tuesday, Pouncey was all smiles after going through a full practice.
“It felt really good,” Pouncey said with a grin. “I'm just happy to be back out there with the guys, just getting back, better at football, doing the things I love to do and I'm just glad I'm back out there.”
He was so glad, in fact, that he was beaming about how good it felt to get hit again. Pouncey casually made mention of an encounter with Ndamukong Suh that would make the average weekend warrior consider a trip to the training room.
“Suh gave me a stinger on my left side,” said Pouncey. “It shut my whole left arm off for a little bit. I miss those hits,” he chuckled. “It felt good. It hurt, but it felt good to have it again.”
The Pouncey-Suh battles in practice are always fun to watch, and that story should tell you how jarring their collisions at the line of scrimmage can get.
Pouncey spoke of Monday's practice like a man with a new lease on life. His appreciation for his health was most evident when asked what his favorite part of today's session was.
“The best part is being able to say I'm a Miami Dolphin, to be honest. I keep telling everybody, that process I went through is a long one. It was humbling. The best thing I can say is that I'm out here being able to do the things that I love to do.”
Pouncey also discussed his growing chemistry with Jay Cutler, who the Dolphins signed just a week ago. Cutler is almost certain to be the starting quarterback once the regular season begins.
“We talk a lot,” noted Pouncey. “It's good that we get to work out here in full 11-on-11 reps together, going against our defense. We do a lot of work in the meeting rooms and on our walkthroughs. If he's our starting quarterback when the season starts, we'll be on (the same) page.”
The Dolphins plan for Pouncey is to work him every other day in practice, or “one-on, one-off.” Pouncey worked on Saturday and then sat out Sunday before hitting the field again on Monday.
On Pouncey's off days, the team gages how his body feels. “I wasn't sore at all,” Pouncey said of his Sunday off-day. “I really wanted to go yesterday but we were just sticking to the plan.”
Despite multiple setbacks in recent years, Pouncey feels confident that he's not flirting with re-injury this time.
“I mean I wouldn't be out here taking reps if I didn't (feel confident.) You don't want to be a guy that's second guessing yourself because any time you do, you're going to cause injury. I'm a guy that's full out or full nothing. I've been going full out every day and it hasn't been an issue.”
Pouncey would like to play in Thursday's preseason matchup with the Baltimore Ravens, but won't force the issue. Head coach Adam Gase says he plans to play Pouncey either in the second or third exhibition (Aug 24th at Philadelphia) but not both.
“The competitor in me wants to be out there and go out there and do the plays that the rest of the first-teamers are doing,” said Pouncey, “but we'll see what (Head) Coach (Adam) Gase wants to do as we get along.”
The Dolphins host the Baltimore Ravens for preseason game two on Thursday at 7:00 PM from Hard Rock Stadium.
Keith Ellison invites antifa to the party Maybe the Democratic Party's No. 2 was just joking about antifa violence. Or maybe he supports it. On Wednesday, Rep. Keith Ellison (D-Minn.), the Democratic National Committee's deputy chair, tweeted...
Barneys selling Antifa-inspired jackets for $375 This isn't the first time fashion and politics have come together, but this may be the least successful. Over the weekend, apparel company Alpha Industries launched an Antifa-influenced M-65 Anarchy...
Columbia students team up with antifa to protest Mike Cernovich Right-wing provocateur and Pizzagate conspiracy theorist Mike Cernovich gave a speech at Columbia University on Monday night — prompting protests from students and members of New York City's “antifa” coalition....
How the Antifa won at Berkeley and other comments From the right: Yes, Shapiro Spoke — But Antifa Won When conservative commentator Ben Shapiro was allowed to appear last week at UC-Berkeley in the face of violent left-wing threats,...
Guy in Nazi armband learns the hard way he's a jerk Seattle “antifa” 1, Nazis 0. “Anti-fascist” Twitter users banded together to track down — and then knock out — a man who was wearing a swastika armband around Seattle on...
Trump still blaming 'both sides' for Charlottesville ​President Trump said on Thursday that people have been saying he “may have a point” when he blamed “both sides” for the violence at a white nationalist rally in Virginia.​...
Why we shouldn't treat Antifa as terrorists The Obama Department of Homeland Security concluded that left-wing “antifa” forces were engaged in “domestic terrorist violence,” according to documents obtained by Politico. Who am I to argue with the...
Nancy Pelosi stands up for civilization against antifa Kudos to House Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi for denouncing the goons of antifa. She didn't mince words: “The violent actions of people calling themselves antifa in Berkeley . . . deserve unequivocal...
Houston's heroes should inspire us to unite against the disaster of growing extremism The pictures, videos and social-media posts that have come out of Houston, thanks to Hurricane Harvey are horrifying: children camped out on kitchen counters in order to avoid flooding; elderly...
Two couples hug each other after a shooting on the Las Vegas Strip. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez)
Local Ben & Jerry's shops are raising money for the victims of the Las Vegas shooting.
Four locations in Las Vegas and Henderson will donate 100 percent of the proceeds earned on Saturday to the victims of the shooting.
The participating locations include the shop at The District at Green Valley Ranch, the location inside Sunset Station Hotel and Casino, at the Grand Bazaar Shops at Bally's and the location at Harrah's Las Vegas.
Copyright 2017 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Every year, students of all ages do immeasurable damage to their shoulders and lower backs by lugging around the ungodly amount of textbooks that has become a schoolyear norm.
To understand the problem, researchers at Tel Aviv University conducted a study that demonstrated the very real risks of permanent nerve damage caused by carrying heavy backpacks all the time.
So why aren't more people using roller packs already? There seems to be an unspoken rule that wheeled backpacks are only for kids. Yet, you can visit any airport in the world to see that this most certainly isn't the case.
On the contrary, most professionals gravitate towards these bags wherever lots of foot travel and heavy supplies are involved. And this most certainly applies to school.
You may still fear the stigma of using one of these unique bags, but they come in a variety of modern styles. They still come with straps too, should you happen to want to haul your stuff the old fashioned way.
Once you're ready to put your health first, you can read on below to check out the best rolling backpacks around.
1. High Sierra Freewheel Wheeled Backpack
The High Sierra Freewheel is a stylish, spacious, and versatile. It is arguable the best rolling backpack, depending on just how much stuff you need to carry.
It has smooth-rolling wheels and a beefy telescoping handle that folds away and zips out of sight with ease.
The Freewheel has bumpers stitched into its corners, plus a reinforced bottom for rough handling. The bag material is nice, and the tuck-away should straps are well padded to offset the extra discomfort you will experience from the frame for the wheels.
The storage volume is good enough to justify the need for the wheels. But then again your insane bookload probably does that for you.
Thee Freewheel has about as much space as High Sierra's highly-rated Swerve bag, minus the extra space needed for the wheels and telescoping handle. Its main compartment has a laptop sleeve for laptops up to 15 inches in screen size, and plenty of space for books and binders.
Its two front compartments are smaller half-zip pockets for more important trinkets. One has an organizer for smaller objects. This pack has one water bottle pocket on the right side.
This bag's combination of quality materials, convenient compartmentalization, and fair price make it a standout pick among rolling bags.
Price: $69.99
Pros:
Smooth rolling wheels
Rigid reinforced design protects contents
Deep and spacious main compartment
Cons:
Heavier and bulkier than non-rolling backpacks
Zippers can be finicky
Only one water bottle pocket
2. Jansport Superbreak Wheeled Backpack
Nothing can compromise the classic look of the Jansport backpack. Not even a set of inline skate wheels or a retractable rubber handle.
The Superbreak has both, yet manages to looks like and feel like a normal backpack, albeit a bit heavier. Its urethane wheels are stable and roll smoothly thanks to high quality bearings.
The handle is a little flimsy compared to other bags, but it still holds up nicely. The bag's material is durable enough to make up for it, and surprisingly lightweight too.
As for its storage, the Superbreak measures 18 x 13 x 8.5 inches, making for a total 13L volume. This is plenty of storage for large textbooks and
Price: $84.90
Pros:
Smooth rolling wheels
Lightweight and durable
Large main compartment
Cons:
Only two compartments
No laptop sleeve
Handle is somewhat flimsy
3. Samsonite Wheeled Backpack
Samsonite's Wheeled Backpack is a sturdy pack that is a solid companion for travel and the classroom alike.
This bag is 19 x 14 x 8 inches, offering a volume of about 34L for storage. The bag has two large compartments, two front compartments, and two side water bottle holders.
The main compartment has a padded computer sleeve that can store laptops up to 15 inches. This sleeve is lifted a few inches from the bottom, reducing impact when you set your bag down quickly.
Each compartment has smooth and sturdy zippers, making it a breeze to open and close them. The bag's nylon material is equally sturdy, and will easily withstand rips.
Not as solid, however, is the bag's ice-pick style handle. The handle will always be the first part to go in a rolling backpack, so don't be surprised when you see reviews complaining about them for just about every backpack.
Price: $48.79 and up
Pros:
Large 34L storage capacity
Smooth and sturdy zippers
Raised and padded laptop sleeve
Cons:
Handle is somewhat flimsy
Heavy even when empty
4. Osprey Sojourn Wheeled Backpack
So far, most of our favorite rolling bag options bridge the gap between rolling luggage and everyday backpack. The massive Osprey Sojourn, however, is absolutely meant to carry everything you'd need for a trip around the world.
This pack compares in size to serious backpacking bags, which almost makes it overkill for day to day use. But if anything will fill this bag up, it's a math-heavy semester.
The Sojourn stands tall at 25 x 14 x 14 inches, and is only made taller by the removable high-profile suspension wheels underneath.
It has a storage volume of 60L, which could probably hold every book you'll read all year even with its StraightJacket compression straps all the way fastened.
And you'd actually be able to carry it on your back, thanks to the useful hip belt and sternum strap. Still, this bag would be overkill for most users.
Osprey's Ozone 46L Roller Pack has a lot of the same features, but those looking for a truly portable backpack should read on.
Price: $320.00
Pros:
Massive 60L storage capacity
Removable roller suspension
Sternum strap and hip belt
Cons:
High price tag
Too large for daily use
5. Targus Compact Rolling Backpack
At under $50, Targus' Compact Rolling Backpack is a solid deal on a fully equipped rolling backpack. It is lightweight and durable. It also has a generous 31L storage volume across two pockets and a smaller compartment fro trinkets.
This bag measures out at 7.5 x 13.4 x 19.2 inches, with the main compartment making up a bulk of this space.
The main compartment has a removable sleeve to protect laptops up to 15 inches, but curiously, it is on the front of the main compartment rather than the back.
This is an annoyance, as the bag will flop forward when the main compartment is opened all the way unless you counterbalance it with more stuff.
Still, the other compartments work fine, especially the two deep side mesh pockets. One of these side pockets is zippered.
The bottom of the pack is reinforces with PVC, and will handle plenty of abuse. The pack's wheels, however, will scratch and eventually break if you are too rough on them. They are also loud compared to the other bags on this list.
Still, for the price, this is probably one of the best rolling backpacks.
Price: $60.99 (13 percent off MSRP)
Pros:
Lightweight and durable
Large 31L storage capacity
Two large side pockets
Cons:
Wheels do not take abuse well
Poorly placed laptop sleeve
Wheels are loud
6. J World New York Sunrise Rolling Backpack
The Sunrise Rolling Backpack from J World New York is a stylish rolling backpack that competes with designer styles in its large selection of patterns. Just keep in mind, this is a budget bag like the Targus Compact.
Unfortunately, this means that is shares some of the same shortcomings. The wheels, for example, won't last long if you roll them downstairs and across rough terrain. Likewise, the handle is a bit flimsy.
But on all other fronts, this is a well put together bag. It's light weight and comfortable padded shoulder straps mean that this bag would work well as a hybrid use bag, where you hoist lighter loads on your back, and bust out the telescoping handle when the bookload gets to be too much.
The Sunrise bag is 9 x 13 x 18 inches, and offers your standard array of three differently sized compartments and two water bottle pockets. Its total volume is 34L. The bag has a molded bottom to protect your supplies, but a built-in laptop sleeve is missing from the picture.
If you are looking for a rolling bag to last you a few years, then you may have to spend a little more to see the longevity you want. But if you are just looking for a simple rolling bag to make it through the schoolyear, the Sunrise is a great choice.
Price: $44.99 (40 percent off MSRP)
Pros:
Large 34L storage capacity
Good compartmentalization
Comfy padded shoulder straps
Cons:
No laptop sleeve
Wheels do not take abuse well
Handle is somewhat flimsy
7. Rockland 19 Inch Rolling Backpack
After you've spend hundreds of dollars on textbooks, it can really hurt your wallet to spend hundreds on a way to carry them around. If you are on a budget, the Rockland Rolling Backpack delivers a surprising amount of value for under $25.
It offers 40L worth of spacious compartments, measuring out at 13 x 10 x 19 inches. The largest compartment has a padded laptop sleeve which can hold laptops up to 15 inches. It also has three smaller compartments for pens, small electronics, and other trinkets.
The interior lining of these compartments rips fairly easily, but your contents will still be plenty safe from the elements behind its polyester exterior. The bottom part of the bag is well reinforced, and the two water bottle compartments are well stitched. If anything is going to go wrong with this bag, it will be the handle not collapsing down all the way.
On paper, this bag offers just about everything you'd need out of a bag, and is also one of the cheapest options available. But a disproportionate number of one-star reviews on Amazon prove that those with high demands might not be too happy with the quality of this bag.
It's up to you to decide how high quality your bag needs to be, but if you are only getting a backpack because you need to, you will survive with this pick.
Price: $74.45 (38 percent off MSRP)
Pros:
Low price tag
Padded laptop compartment
Large 40L storage capacity
Cons:
Handle is somewhat flimsy
Liner fabric rips easily
8. Olympia Gen-X 19 Inch Rolling Backpack
The Olympia Gen-X is a sturdy rolling backpack that takes inspiration from rugged camping bags with its neon colors and 420D polyester exterior.
At 19 x 12 x 8 inches, it is a little more shallow than other options. This helps if you want a lighter bag, but hurts when you have four or more books that you carry every day.
Still, 29L of storage is manageable, especially across three compartments that fully unzip. The bag doesn't skimp on extra compartmentalization either. It has a water bottle pouch and a padded laptop sleeve built right in.
Sadly, the Gen-X suffers from the same problem as the Targus Compact: its laptop sleeve is placed towards the front of the bag, which only makes the bag more prone to topple over itself. Another weird oversight is that there is nowhere to tuck the straps, causing them to drag unless you unclip them and tie them together.
If you can overlook these two issues, the Gen-X is a reliable pack that may save you many trips to the chiropractor's office down the road.
Price: $49.95
Pros:
Lightweight and durable
Good compartmentalization
Smooth rolling wheels
Cons:
Poorly placed laptop sleeve
Nowhere to tuck the shoulder straps
9. Kipling Alcatraz Solid Laptop Wheeled Backpack
The Kipling Alcatraz is a stylish bag with a cool (yet unnecessary) top flap and a spacious main compartment with a nice 15 inch padded laptop sleeve in.
Because this main compartment takes up a large majority of the space, this bag seems ultimately better equipped for air travel than school use. Still, you can get by if you don't mind your lunch potentially getting squished by your books.
Also, the smaller side and front compartments are far from useless. They work great for storing keys, pens, and other knicknacks.
If you like to keep most of your stuff in the same compartment anyway, this bag will be a long-lasting companion for all sorts of adventures.
Price: $140.12 (39 percent off MSRP)
Pros:
Solid handle and wheels
Padded laptop sleeve
Large main compartment
Cons:
Low quality zippers
Compartmentalized better for air travel
Could be larger
10. Everest Deluxe Wheeled Backpack
The Everest Deluxe earns its place among top budget rolling backpacks for its surprising durability. Considering its low price, its wheels last a considerable amount longer than pricier picks like the Targus Compact.
And while handles will always be a weak point on wheeled backpacks, this one is pretty decent.
The Deluxe is 18.5 x 13.5 x 7 inches, giving it a volume of about 28L. This is fairly middle of the road. It makes for a nice compromise between capacity and maneuverability.
The bag has a sizable main compartment, but also five zip pockets and two slip pockets across the exterior. That's on top of the secondary compartment.
The bag's compression straps help make this bag easy to wear on your back as well. But I wouldn't expect you to do that too often, as the Everest Deluxe's quality wheels and handle really embody what the rolling backpack life is all about.
Price: $41.07 (31 percent off MSRP)
Pros:
Low price tag
Solid handle and wheels
Lightweight and sturdy
Cons:
No laptop sleeve
Could be larger
See Also
Heavy, Inc. is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by linking to Amazon. Our product recommendations are guided solely by our editors. We have no relationship with manufacturers.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- Can a new sci-fi opus live up to the classic original? Shawn and Russ make their cases for "Blade Runner 2049" as well as a new disaster/romance and an English period drama.
1) BLADE RUNNER 2049 (R)
Warner Brothers
RUSS
Is the highly anticipated sequel to the 1982 sci-fi classic “Blade Runner” merely a replicant? Nope. Happily, “Blade Runner 2049” is a compelling film noir follow-up that stands on its own. Ryan Gosling is solid as a replicant hunter who has to unravel the mystery of his own life and confront a former Blade Runner, played by Harrison Ford.
SHAWN
Blade Runner 2049 is cinematic genius. It's a sci-fi masterpiece! Daring, bold and courageous. A true crowning cinematic achievement that succeeds at every level. But it's the type of movie that will mostly appeal to film geeks. It's super long, layered and overly complex. Having seen the original isn't required but will help. A lot!
RUSS
It's a stylish, smart and visually arresting philosophical thriller.
SHAWN
The movie is full of spoilers. Even the plot is a spoiler. You will have to let this one sink in. It's expansive.
RUSS: 4 Popcorn Bags
SHAWN: 4 Popcorn Bags
2) THE MOUNTAIN BETWEEN US (PG-13)
20th Century Fox
RUSS
Throw a disaster movie and a romantic soap opera into a blender and you get “The Mountain Between Us,” a story about two strangers who are forced to work together to survive after their plane crashes on a snowy mountaintop.
SHAWN
“The Mountain Between Us” may the most predictable movie in cinematic history. What yaw think gonna happen between Idris Elba and Kate Winslet while they are stuck way up high on a snowy mountain after surviving a plane crash?
RUSS
Idris Elba and Kate Winslet have the charisma and acting chops to elevate what would otherwise be a drab romantic drama.
SHAWN
The bonus is the double eye candy the movie delivers. Idris Elba and Kate Winslet are hot and the cinematography is gorgeous. But the story could have been written by a second grader. And the ending is flat as soda when you forget to tighten the cap.
RUSS: 3 Popcorn Bags
SHAWN: 2 Popcorn Bags
3) VICTORIA & ABDUL (PG-13)
Focus Features
RUSS
All you really need to say about “Victoria & Abdul” is that Oscar-winner Judy Dench is in it. She plays Queen Victoria, who befriends an Indian footman, played by Bollywood star Ali Fazal. Against the wishes of her staff, he becomes her teacher and confidant.
SHAWN
"Victoria & Abdul" is terrifically entertaining even if it is massively flawed. Sort of a "Hidden Figures" wannabe that shift tones several times before deciding what it wants to be.
RUSS
This low-key drama may not be accurate history, but it's entertaining speculation.
SHAWN
Loved Judy Dench and Eddie Izzard. It's all pleasant enough.
RUSS: 3 Popcorn Bags
SHAWN: 3 Popcorn Bags
4) 13 MINUTES (R)
Sony Pictures Classics
RUSS
Just when you thought there weren't any more stories to tell about WWII, we get “13 Minutes.” It's the story of German citizen Georg Elser, a carpenter who, completely on his own, created a time bomb that just missed killing Hitler by 13 minutes. It may not be as compelling as it should have been, but it's a solidly made, interesting thriller.
RUSS: 3 Popcorn Bags
ALSO OPENING THIS WEEK:
“Manolo: The Boy Who Made Shoes for Lizards” is a documentary about the legendary fashion designer. Hugh Bonneville and Gillian Anderson star in “Viceroy's House,” a historical drama about the India's transition from British rule to independence in 1947. “Literally, Right Before Aaron” is a romantic comedy starring Justin Long and Cobie Smulders.
Click here to receive weekly emails full of FOX 4′s entertainment news!
What's our criteria for reviewing a film and awarding the popcorn bag ratings? Click here to find out.
Follow-on Twitter: @fox4kc @RussSimmons1 @sedwardskc
Las Vegas may hold a key to a mysterious Hollywood death. Natalie Wood died almost 36 years ago after falling from her yacht off Catalina Island. Thursday police named Wood's then-husband, actor Robert Wagner a "person of interest.”
Zak Bagans met with Natalie Wood's sister and the captain of the boat about a year and a half ago. He said while naming Wagner a person of interest isn't a complete shock, he's hopeful the new development will help bring some closure.
“I interviewed the captain, Dennis Davern right here where we're standing,” Bagans said, “I could tell when he looked at me and told me some things that he knew that he was the suspect number one.”
Bagans bought many items from the boat.
“This is the actual table that Robert Wagner, who is now a person of interest if you will, this is where he took that wine bottle and slammed it on the table as told me by captain Dennis Davern who was on the ship on the yacht that night,” Bagans said.
Bagans also has candlesticks, life vests, and other equipment from the boat. He says the one people feel the most negative energy from is the radio Wagner used to call hotels asking about Wood.
“If he is guilty of this crime this is the first object that would have detected guilt in his voice of him lying,” Bagans said.
The room is filled with artifacts from the boat, somewhat of a memorial for wood.
“It just pays homage to the beautiful life that she led and the sadness that has been endured due to her very suspicious death, but I believe that closure is coming and we're one step closer to knowing exactly what happened. The truth is gonna come out,” Bagans said.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
TBI agents worked with the investigators from the Macon County Sheriff's Office and the U.S. Marshals Task Force to investigate the escape of Dylan Ferguson, Matthew White and Jeffery Strong from the Macon County Jail.
On Nov. 9, Ferguson surrendered to officers and was taken into custody in Trousdale County. That same day, agents arrested White's wife, Sky White, who was wanted in Bowling Green, Kentucky. Matthew White was also taken into custody that night.
The final fugitive, Jeffery Strong, was arrested Nov. 10 in Macon County. The investigation revealed Tabitha Swaffer was responsible for serving as an accessory to Sky and Matthew White after the escape.
On Dec. 4, a Macon County grand jury returned indictments that charged all five people with counts related to the November escape.
•Dylan Cecil Ferguson, 21, was charged with felony escape, theft of property and vandalism.
•Matthew Allen White, 29, was charged with felony escape, theft of property and vandalism.
•Jeffery Dewayne Strong, 32, was charged with felony escape, theft of property and vandalism.
•Sky Lynn White, 30, was charged with accessory after the fact.
•Tabitha Ellen Swaffer, 38, was charged with accessory after the fact.
Ferguson was held at Riverbend; the other four suspects remained in the Macon County Jail.
Derrick White continues strong play, Spurs top Hawks 103-81
hello
San Antonio Spurs forward Chimezie Metu (10) shoots as Atlanta Hawks forward John Collins, left, defends during the second half of an NBA summer league basketball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Salt Lake City. Associated Press
Atlanta Hawks guard Jaylen Morris, left, guards San Antonio Spurs guard Derrick White (4) during the second half of an NBA summer league basketball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Salt Lake City. Associated Press
San Antonio Spurs' Jeff Ledbetter, left, steals the ball from Atlanta Hawks' Jock Landale, right, during the second half of an NBA summer league basketball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Salt Lake City. Associated Press
San Antonio Spurs center Amida Brimah (37) looks at the scoreboard after sitting on the bench during the second half of an NBA summer league basketball game against the Atlanta Hawks Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Salt Lake City. Associated Press
Miami Heat forward Duncan Robinson, left, drives against Los Angeles Lakers guard Jeffrey Carroll during the first half of an NBA summer league basketball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Sacramento, Calif. Associated Press
Miami Heat forward Derrick Jones Jr., right, scores over Los Angeles Lakers forward Johnathan Williams during the first half of an NBA summer league basketball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Sacramento, Calif. Associated Press
Los Angeles Lakers guard Demarcus Holland, left, pulls the ball away from Miami Heat forward Derrick Jones Jr. during the first half of an NBA summer league basketball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Sacramento, Calif. Associated Press
Miami Heat forward Derrick Jones Jr., left, drives to the basket against Los Angeles Lakers guard Josh Hart during the first half of an NBA summer league basketball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Sacramento, Calif. Associated Press
Miami Heat center Bam Adebayo, left, guards Los Angeles Lakers center Moritz Wagner during the first half of an NBA summer league basketball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Sacramento, Calif. Associated Press
Memphis Grizzlies forward Jaren Jackson Jr. (13) and Utah Jazz center Diamond Stone (50) battle for a loose ball during the first half of an NBA summer league basketball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Salt Lake City. Associated Press
Utah Jazz guard Thomas Wilder (16) goes to the basket as Memphis Grizzlies forward Ivan Rabb (10) defends during the second half of an NBA summer league basketball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Salt Lake City. Associated Press
Memphis Grizzlies forward Jaren Jackson Jr., left, defends against Utah Jazz forward Georges Niang (31) during the second half of an NBA summer league basketball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Salt Lake City. Associated Press
Memphis Grizzlies forward Jaren Jackson Jr., rear, defends against Utah Jazz forward Georges Niang, right, during the second half of an NBA summer league basketball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Salt Lake City. Associated Press
San Antonio Spurs guard Derrick White (4) guards Atlanta Hawks guard Trae Young (11) during the first half of an NBA summer league basketball game Tuesday, July 3, 2018, in Salt Lake City. Associated Press
Things are coming a little easier this summer for Derrick White.
White, the 29th pick in last year's draft, is off to a fast start in the NBA Summer League. He scored 18 of his 21 points in the first half to lead the San Antonio Spurs to a lopsided 103-81 victory over Trae Young and the Atlanta Hawks on Tuesday night.
The 6-foot-4 point guard, who played in 17 games last season for the Spurs, also had nine assists, six rebounds and two blocks in an impressive all-around performance.
"I am just feeling more comfortable this year," White said. "I am learning what works and what I need to do to be successful."
White continued his solid play from the night before, when he had 22 points and seven rebounds in the Spurs' 92-76 loss to the Utah Jazz.
White is vying for more playing this season, especially with Kawhi Leonard's future with the Spurs uncertain.
Young, this year's No. 5 overall pick, continued to struggle in Utah, finishing with 12 points on 5-of-16 shooting. In two games the former Oklahoma star is just 9 of 36 from the field, including 2 of 16 from 3-point range. Young had three assists and three turnovers.
Young averaged 27.4 points last season for the Sooners.
SPURS 103, HAWKS 81
Jeff Ledbetter had 16 points and three 3-pointers, and Amida Brimah had eight points and 11 rebounds for San Antonio (1-1). The Spurs rested first-round draft pick Lonnie Walker IV.
John Collins had 19 points and first-round pick Omari Spellman had 10 points and seven rebounds for the Hawks (0-2).
HEAT 89, LAKERS 74
Derrick Jones Jr. had 21 points and Duncan Robinson added 19 to lead the Heat (1-1). Lakers first-round draft picks Svi Mykhailiuk had 12 points and Moritz Wagner had eight points and five turnovers. Los Angeles is 0-2.
GRIZZLIES 95, JAZZ 92
Wayne Seldon and Kobi Simmons each had 20 points. No. 4 overall pick Jaren Jackson Jr. had 10 points and eight rebounds after a dominating performance the night before when he scored 29 points on eight 3-pointers for Memphis (2-0).
The Jazz (1-1) rested first-round pick Grayson Allen.
___
More AP NBA: https://apnews.com/tag/NBAbasketball
Dear Reader,
As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analyses from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
As one of our loyal readers, we ask you to be our partner.
For $5 a month you will receive access to the following:
A user uxperience almost completely free of ads
Access to our Premium Section and our monthly magazine to learn Hebrew, Ivrit
Content from the award-winning Jerusalem Repor
A brand new ePaper featuring the daily newspaper as it appears in print in Israel
Help us grow and continue telling Israel's story to the world.
Thank you,
Ronit Hasin-Hochman, CEO, Jerusalem Post Group
Yaakov Katz, Editor-in-Chief
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, MO. -- They're known for their muscles, but on Tuesday, the Kansas City Chiefs showed the strength in their hearts, posing for the cameras again to raise money for pediatric cancer research.
This is the seventh year running for Braden's Hope, a Kansas City nonprofit that raises research money and awareness for childhood cancer. On Tuesday afternoon, Chiefs players posed with sick kids, such as 17-year-old Rachel Berland. She's one of 12 kids whose stories will be told in this year's benefit calendar.
Berland, who said she's originally from Oklahoma but attends Olathe Northwest High School, shared laughs and on-camera poses with Chiefs Longsnapper James Winchester. Berland and Winchester were paired together -- as were other kids and football players -- as a photographer guided them through several different photographic settings within the stadium.
Berland sai dshe's in remission, having been cleared from the two forms of Leukemia she's fought since 2015. Berland represents proof that older children are affected by pediatric cancers just as younger kids can be.
"When they think of pediatric cancer, they think of three- or four-year-olds," Berland said. "It's terrible for whomever. There are a lot more teenagers and 11- and 12-year-olds than you'd think get it."
"I've never been in her shoes, but I'm excited for her to have overcome and beat cancer. That's bigger than anything I will ever do in my life. It's pretty special," Winchester told reporters.
In seven years, Braden's Hope, which is named in honor of young cancer survivor Braden Hofen, has raised over $2 million for childhood cancer research in the Kansas City area. Hofen is now 13 years old and cancer free.
"The one thing that always stays the same is the hearts of the players," said Deliece Hofen, Braden's Hope president.
Deliece Hofen, Braden's mother, often points out that only 1 percent of money raised for cancer research is dedicated to sick children. The annual calendar shoots with the Chiefs, the Kansas City Royals and Sporting Kansas City are her agency's effort to help search for treatment and cures.
Hofen said she loves watching the athlete and patients develop friendships.
"The fun part of these calendar shoots is you know the athletes are these kids' heroes. As the calendar shoot evolves, the kids become heroes to the athletes. it's fun to watch these guys get to be kids again and play with our kids," Deliece Hofen told FOX 4 News.
Braden's Hope recently pledged to donate $3 million toward childhood cancer research over a three-year period, Winchester says he's thankful he and the Chiefs, and this calendar, can help fuel the quest for a cure.
This year's Braden's Hope calendar with the Chiefs will be available for purchase in September. You can find it on the Braden's Hope website, along with the nonprofit's other calendars.
The real message to North Korea's leaders is that if they don't like the tough message they are hearing from Defense Secretary Jim Mattis they need to start listening more closely to America's top diplomat, Rex Tillerson, Gerald F. Seib writes.
Source:: World News
A mother and father have been found dead beside their car as their three young sons sat unharmed inside the vehicle. Police in Florida are treating the deaths of Daniel Kelsey, 32, and Heather Kelsey, 30, as unexplained but non-suspicious.
Devastated friends said the Kelseys had been “doing great” recently and have been left utterly shocked by the tragedy.
Officers had been alerted to their family car early on Saturday morning, after it was spotted parked on a highway with the hazard lights on.
When officers arrived, they found Daniel and Heather unconscious on an embankment by the side of the road. Three boys, ranging in age from eight months to four-years-old, were in the car unharmed.
Their parents were rushed to hospital but could not be revived. A post-mortem is being carried out to establish the cause of death.
But police are confident at this stage that no foul play was involved. An investigation continues.
Jerrell Jackson, a friend of Daniel's, told the News Journal: “I can tell you Dan was a loving, devoted father (who) did anything for his kids.
“I loved Dan like a brother … every time you saw him, you saw his kids.
“Unbelievable. This is so unreal.”
WWE fans will be treated to a massive afternoon pay-per-view Friday, as WWE stages the first-ever “Greatest Royal Rumble” in Saudi Arabia.
The match card includes a casket match featuring The Undertaker, Roman Reigns vs. Brock Lesnar inside a steel cage, a total of seven championship bouts, and the first-ever 50-man Royal Rumble.
The Greatest Royal Rumble will begin at 12:00 p.m. ET on Friday, April 27th on the WWE Network.
Here are all of the announced entrants as of Tuesday afternoon:
Daniel Bryan
Chris Jericho
Braun Strowman
Kurt Angle
The Big Show
Kevin Owens
Sami Zayn
Shane McMahon
Big E
Kofi Kingston
Xavier Woods
Shelton Benjamin
Dolph Ziggler
Bobby Roode
Baron Corbin
Sin Cara
Chad Gable
Elias
Goldust
Mojo Rawley
Apollo Crews
Titus O'Neil
Here are stars currently featured on Greatest Royal Rumble promotional material that aren't involved in another match on the card:
Randy Orton
Mark Henry
Rey Mysterio
Big Cass
The Revival
Bo Dallas
Curtis Axel
Kalisto
Bobby Lashley
Great Khali
Fandango and Tyler Breeze
Rhyno and Heath Slater
Karl Anderson and Luke Gallows
That still leaves more than 10 spots available to surprise entrants, which could potentially be returning legends or call ups from NXT.
CHARLOTTE, N.C. — Cam Newton apologized Thursday night in a Twitter video post for sexist comments made to a female reporter.
“After careful thought, I understand that my word choice was extremely degrading and disrespectful to women,” the Carolina Panthers quarterback said at the start of the nearly two-minute video. “To be honest, that was not my intentions. And if you are a person who took offense to what I said, I sincerely apologize to you.”
On Wednesday when Charlotte Observer reporter Jourdan Rodrigue asked the 2015 NFL MVP about wide receiver Devin Funchess' route running, Newton laughed and said, “It's funny to hear a female talk about routes. It's funny.”
In the video, Newton said he's a man who strives to be a positive role model in the community and who tries to use his platform to inspire others. He said he takes ownership to everything that comes with that.
“What I did was extremely unacceptable,” Newton said. “I'm a father to two beautiful daughters and I try to instill in them that they can be anything that they want to be. The fact that during this process I have already lost sponsors and countless fans I realize that the joke is really on me. I have really learned a valuable lesson from this.”
Newton also sent a message to the “young people” who follow him.
“Don't be like me,” Newton said. “Be better than me. To the reporters, to the journalists, to the moms, the super moms, the daughters, the sisters all around the world I sincerely apologize and hope that you can find the kindness in your heart to forgive me. Thank you.”
The NFL quickly released a statement Wednesday saying that Newton's response to the question was “just plain wrong and disrespectful to the exceptional female reporters and all journalists who cover our league.”
However, it doesn't appear there will be any punishment handed out to Newton.
“I think there are conversations going on at the club level with the appropriate people, with the Panthers,” NFL spokesperson Joe Lockhart said in a conference call Thursday. “I don't want to anticipate the league stepping in there.”
Newton's remarks have proven costly.
Dannon, the maker of Oikos yogurt, cut ties with spokesperson Newton on Thursday. Company spokesperson Michael Neuwirth released a statement saying it was “shocked and disheartened” at the former league MVP's behavior and comments.
Panthers coach Ron Rivera addressed the situation briefly during his press conference Thursday, saying, “I think Cam made a mistake. I understand he had a conversation where he pretty much said he shouldn't have said what he said.”
Rodrigue issued a statement Wednesday evening saying she and Newton did speak after the news conference, but said the quarterback didn't apologize for his remarks.
Rodrigue was back in the locker room Thursday, flanked by Mike Persinger, the executive sports editor of The Charlotte Observer.
She issued an apology herself Thursday after coming under fire for using a racial slur in tweets she posted about four years ago. The tweets were first reported by BlackSportsOnline.com.
“I apologize for the offensive tweets from my Twitter account from 4/5 years ago,” Rodrigue said on her Twitter account. “There is no excuse for these tweets and the sentiment behind them. I am deeply sorry and apologize.”
Rodrigue was a college student at Arizona State at the time of the tweets. When asked about the tweets, Persinger said “she has owned them and apologized for them.”
Newton's teammate, Thomas Davis, said he doesn't think the issue will affect the team as it prepares for the game against Detroit on Sunday.
“He's going to have to deal with that moving forward,” Davis said about Newton. “I feel like it's a situation he's going to handle and he's going to handle it well. But for us as a football team we'll remain focused on Detroit.”
Persinger said Wednesday evening that Newton's comments were “unfortunate and out of line.”
The Associated Press Sports Editors announced that it “agrees wholeheartedly that Mr. Newton's response was out of line” and “we ask for a formal apology to Jourdan Rodrigue from Mr. Newton and the Carolina Panthers organization.”
Image copyright Alamy Image caption Brown bears now inhabit Italy's Adamello Brenta national park in the Alps
An Italian provincial governor has defended the killing of a rare female brown bear in the Alps, saying it was a threat to humans.
The 14-year-old bear, called Kj2, was shot dead by foresters on Saturday, after it seriously mauled an elderly man walking his dog last month.
Trentino governor Ugo Rossi said the killing would not stop a project to reintroduce bears to the region, but their habitat must be limited.
About 50 bears live in the province.
Conservation groups have protested over the shooting and demanded better management of the EU-funded bear project, called Life Ursus.
Ugo Rossi said the shooting was "an absolute necessity" because of the risk to people at a peak period for tourism.
"Anywhere in the world, when the danger rises above a certain level, the animal has to be killed to ensure people's safety," he said.
'Cold-blooded execution'
Brown bears from Slovenia started to be reintroduced to Trentino in 1999, a region where they had been exterminated by hunters.
Mr Rossi said Life Ursus would continue, but the original plan to let the bears roam widely would have to be revised.
What are brown bears? - BBC Nature
WWF Italy said "bears must not pay the price for human errors" - and pointed out that too many dogs had been let off the lead in the Alpine forests where the bears were roaming.
The organisation urged the authorities to "work to eliminate the causes of such unpleasant episodes".
The attack by Kj2 on 22 July happened in the Mt Bondone area. The female bear reportedly had two or three cubs with her.
Shooting Kj2 was "simply a cold-blooded execution, a real crime," the Italian animal welfare group Enpa complained.
Kj2 had been tranquillised and fitted with a radio collar in early August. A DNA sample was taken, and Kj2 was identified as the bear involved in the July attack, because some of her hairs were found at the scene.
The fate of her cubs since Saturday's shooting is not known.
Bear 'likely defending her cubs'
At the time that bears were first reintroduced to Italy's Adamello Brenta national park, the park's website says, more than 70% of locals surveyed agreed with the project.
Niki Rust, a wildlife policy adviser at WWF, told the BBC that Kj2 "might have been doing what any bear would do at this time of year - defend her cubs".
"Bears are not by nature aggressive to humans, but if provoked they can become a problem," she said, adding that raising people's awareness of their behaviour was vital.
"WWF believes you should only reintroduce a species after really strong evidence that the animals will stay in areas that are suitable, and provided the local community accepts the species."
As top predators, bears are important for the ecosystem, helping to control the numbers of deer and wild boar, Ms Rust said.
The American Flag Day Installation Ceremony, commemorating the 240th Flag Day, will be observed Wednesday by the City of San Diego and Boy Scout Troops 622 and 685, at the Rancho Peñasquitos Library.
Flag Day commemorates the adoption of the flag of the United States of America, which occurred on June 14, 1777, by Congressional resolution.
A Boy Scout from the Rancho Mesa District of the Boy Scouts of San Diego-Imperial Council brought to Councilmember Chris Cate's attention that some of the City facilities in his community did not have American flags.
"To me, our U.S.A. flag represents freedom, a place where everyone can be themselves, and the dedication that we all have to working together," said 15-year-old Lorenzo Fisher from Troop 622.
On March 3, $7,200 from the City of San Diego's Community Projects, Program & Services Funding Program was allocated by District 6 to the Public Works Department-Facilities Division.
The money was used to purchase and install exterior wall mounted flags for 23 branch library locations.
"I am proud to be an American. American flags symbolize freedom, prosperity, and hope. I am glad the Boys Scouts brought their concern to my attention so I could resolve it," stated Cate.
Anthony Nwakaeme is eager to make a big impression if handed his debut against Zambia on Saturday.
The forward was called up for the clash against Cameroon, thanks to his awe-inspiring form at Hapoel Be'er Sheva.
But the 28-year-old did not make his much-awaited international bow as the Super Eagles recorded impressive results against the reigning African kings.
While expressing his contentment despite his no-show against Hugo Broos' side, Nwakaeme has vowed to prove his worth if fielded against Wedson Nyirenda's men.
“If that happens, I will embrace with my hands and legs because I am here to play for my country,” he told Goal.
“The coach has the final say but left for me, I'm fully prepared to take my chances and make Nigerians happy.
“No bad mood not playing against Cameroon because we achieved our aim. Besides, it's all about time and I know it will come soon.
“It was a great experience watching my team demolish Cameroon 4-0. And against Zambia, I expect good football and same hunger like we showed in our last game because we are ready and know what is at stake.”
Likening them to the infamous “Nixon tapes,” Stormy Daniels' lawyer Michael Avenatti called on ​Donald ​Trump's “fixer” Michael Cohen to release recorded audio conversations that Avenatti claims will show Cohen conspired with the president “to commit one or more potential crimes.”
Immediately after a court hearing where Avenatti was scolded ​to rein in his public comments about Cohen, the lawyer repeated allegations that Cohen secretly recorded conversations pertaining to Avenatti's ​porn-star ​client, who was paid $130,000 in “hush money” to keep quiet about her claims of a fling with the president.
“Just like the Nixon tapes years ago, we now have what I will refer to as the Trump Tapes,” Avenatti told reporters outside the courthouse.
Avenatti then said Cohen's lawyer, Stephen Ryan, “admitted that there are audio recordings that Michael Cohen was taking for years.”
“Not only do they exist, but they are under lock and key, and some of them relate to my client and her attorney-client privilege communications,” Avenatti said.
“Mr. Cohen and his attorney Mr. Ryan should release all of those audio recordings to the American people and the Congress so that they can be heard by all and people can make their own determinations as to their importance relating to the president and what he knew and when he knew it and what he did as to conspiring with Michael Cohen to commit one or more potential crimes.”
In court, Avenatti said Cohen leaked audio recordings of his discussions with Daniels' former lawyer Keith Davidson, who negotiated Daniels' $130,000 payment, repeating allegations he made earlier this month in a court filing.
Cohen attempted to leak the recording “in an effort to paint a false narrative,” Avenatti told the judge. “We want to take steps to protect this information,” he added, contradicting later statements that the recordings should be made public.
Cohen's lawyer, Ryan, didn't deny the existence of audio recordings between ​his client and Daniels' former lawyer.
Ryan said that if they exist, they would be in his office “under lock and key” and therefore not leaked to the press.
“If we had released those audio recordings to a reporter, it would be the biggest story in America,” Ryan said.
“I am unaware of any release of any audio files at this time,” he added.
Nigeria Would Have Been in Danger if Jonathan Continued – Oshiomhole
A former Governor of Edo State, Mr. Adams Oshiomhole, has said Nigeria would have been in danger if ex-President Goodluck Jonathan had continued in office as President.
The former governor, who stated this in an interview published in the current edition of The Interview magazine, said Jonathan was incompetent.
Recalling the 2014 recruitment into the Nigeria Immigration Service, which claimed 20 lives, Oshiomhole stated, “Those people didn't just kill poor applicants, they extorted and defrauded them, and as far as I know, no step was taken to deal with those involved in it.
“So, I was convinced that Nigeria was in danger if Jonathan continued in office.
“Once I concluded that Nigeria was not in good hands, I also had to do everything possible to ensure that he (Jonathan) was not re-elected and I played my part in the formation of the APC (All Progressives Congress).”
Oshiomhole, a former President of the Nigeria Labour Congress, recalled that when ex-President Umaru Yar'Adua died in 2010, he played a key role in ensuring that Jonathan succeeded him.
The ex-governor said as a member of the Nigeria Governors' Forum, headed by the former Kwara State Governor and current Senate President, Dr. Bukola Saraki, he was one of those that ensured that Jonathan was made the acting President.
Explaining what happened at a meeting he attended before the 2011 elections, Oshiomhole said he was not in support of Jonathan contesting the 2011 presidential poll.
He stated that the meeting, which was convened by Jonathan's Chief of Staff, Mike Oghiadomhe, was also attended by a former Governor of Gombe State, Dajuma Goje, and an-ex Federal Capital Territory Minister, Bala Mohammed.
According to him, Oghiadomhe said the purpose of inviting them was to seek advice on whether or not Jonathan should contest the 2011 election.
He stated, “I think Goje was the first to speak that night. He said it would be a problem for Jonathan to contest because the North would feel short-changed.
“After eight years of Obasanjo, power rotated to the North based on the PDP principle of zoning and Yar'Adua didn't even enjoy it for two years before he took ill and eventually died.”
He added that Mohammed believed that he didn't think it mattered whether Jonathan ran or not.
Oshiomhole said, “They asked me and I said they knew I was not in the PDP; so, I was not in a position to offer advice as a PDP member. I said based on Nigeria's geopolitical reality and sentiment, Jonathan could make huge political capital which he could reinvest later in the future by saying to the country that ‘I have become the president by accident.''
He said that he advised that Jonathan should complete Yar'Adua's tenure and hand over to a northerner.”
Dismissing Jonathan's administration, he said under the former President, basic things were not properly done.
He stated, “It was clear that even the most basic things were not properly done, competence that was expected was not there. The level of fairness was not there. And even if you were to talk about the sentiment of servicing the geopolitical zones, the South-South had nothing to boast of. Even the road to Yenagoa didn't show that a President came from that area.”
The ex-governor said security assumed a frightening dimension, causing elections to be shifted because the armed forces confessed that they were unable to guarantee the safety of the polls.
Oshiomhole added that when he complained about massive oil theft, he was made a member of a six-man committee of governors.
He stated that he was shocked that for about two consecutive weeks the Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation's records showed that over 400,000 barrels of crude were stolen every day.
The ex-governor said he noted that the theft must be state-backed because big vessels were carting away our crude.
He explained what transpired between him and Jonathan after the tragic NIS recruitment.
Oshiomhole stated, “I remember very well I met President Jonathan a week after the incident and he said, ‘Adams, why are you comrades like this? Just killing people?' I replied, ‘Comrade, how?' Jonathan said, ‘Look at what Comrade Abba Moro did, look at the number of deaths'. I said, ‘No, Mr. President, if it is that one, I am also shocked that the man is still in your cabinet and that nobody is in court as we speak because that is state murder.'
The former Edo State governor recalled that after publishing an advert, which showed how the applicants were duped, Jonathan expressed his reservation about it.
Oshiomhole stated, “In the advert, I said, ‘Vote for Change, vote for Buhari all over Nigeria.' I used my voice and portrait for the concluding part of the political advert. Jonathan called me and said, ‘What have I done? Why would you do an advert like that even when other APC governors will not put their faces, saying they should vote me out? Haba Adams! You are supposed to be my brother.' I said, ‘Sir, with all due respect, there is nothing personal. This is purely a partisan thing. I have to campaign for my party the way you are campaigning for your party and I didn't mention your name. The only name I mentioned in the advert is my own candidate's name; I did not mention your name'.”
Oshiomhole said President Muhammadu Buhari was fulfilling his promises on security and the anti-corruption agenda.
__________
Follow us on Twitter at @thesignalng
Copyright 2017 SIGNAL. Permission to use portions of this article is granted provided appropriate credits are given to www.signalng.com and other relevant sources.
The post Nigeria Would Have Been in Danger if Jonathan Continued – Oshiomhole appeared first on SIGNAL.
This post was syndicated from SIGNAL. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
It is known to all that the new season of the game show, Kaun Banega Crorepati has got its time slot i.e., 9 pm. The game show will be aired for an hour during weekdays. So, the programmes previous slotted at 9-10 pm will undergo changes.
We had earlier reported that Beyhadh, being a finite series, will soon go off air, while Kuch Rang Pyar Ke Aise Bhi (which airs at 9.30 pm) might be shifted to another time slot to accommodate KBC. But, due to a last minute creative decision, the channel has decided to pull the plug on KRPKAB, while Beyahdh gets an extension!
Why Beyhadh Gets An Extension? A source was quoted by a leading daily as saying, "The programming team decided that Beyhadh had the potential to carry on the story for a couple of months more." Why KRPKAB Is Going Off Air? "And they want to cash on to the new twists that the creatives have planned for Beyhadh. As for Kuch Rang, it had a fruitful run and it only seemed feasable to end it." Kushal Tandon Confirms The Report Kushal took to social media to confirm that the show has been extended on public demand. Beyhadh will be getting a new timeslot, i.e., 10 pm on weekdays. Kushal Tweets… He tweeted, "As the show was goin off air this month end , on public demand d show is on til Oct.from 28aug instead of 9 show will be on at 10.after kbc." Erica Fernandes Meanwhile, Erica Fernandes confirmed that the show is going off air. She added that the show's producer broke the news to the team on August 11, 2017. The team will be shooting their final episode on August 25. Erica Wrote… She shared an emotional message on her social networking account, "All good things must come to a new beginning ! So ..Here we are .. shooting our last few days for a show that was a breath of fresh air , which was so relatable and that not only made our entire unit one big family but also helped us in making a special connection with you guys." KRPKAB Will Be Remembered For Uniqueness! "Apart from my wonderful team i would like to thank each and everyone of you who made this show so special. And may this show always be remembered for this uniqueness. #krpkab." Shaheer Sheikh too, took to Twitter, "How much i m gonna miss dev and the bond I share with everyone on the sets of #KRPKAB."
Are you happy with Sony's decision? Share your views in the comment box below...
1 person critically injured in crash on Route 45
hello
Lake County Sheriff's deputies say alcohol was involved in a Monday morning crash that critically injured the driver.
The crash occurred at 3:20 a.m. on Rollins Road west of Route 45 in Avon Township.
Preliminary investigation shows Raquel Vazquez-Cordada, 32, of the 600 block of Clarke Avenue, Waukegan, was driving a Jeep Grand Cherokee east on Rollins Road at a high rate of speed. He lost control and drove onto the south shoulder of the roadway. The Jeep struck and severed a utility pole and caused major damage to the vehicle.
Vazquez-Cordada, the sole occupant of the vehicle, was transported to Advocate Condell Medical Center in Libertyville in critical condition.
Further investigation showed Vazquez-Cordada was driving under the influence of alcohol. He was charged with: driving under the influence of alcohol; driving without insurance; driving without a valid driver's license. He is due in court Jan. 17, 2018.
The crash remains under investigation by the Lake County Sheriff's Office Technical Crash Investigations Unit.
The TRP/BARC ratings for the week 39 (September 23- September 29) are here. Star Plus is back on top slot. Colors TV has occupied the second spot, while Zee TV is at the third place. Sony TV has retained its fourth place.
Among channels Kaun Banega Crorepati 9 retains it top spot. Kundali Bhagya overtakes Kumkum Bhagya. Khatron Ke Khiladi 8 has managed to occupy the fourth place.
Check Out The Latest BARC Ratings: Urban (Impressions in 000s)
Top 10 Channels
1. Star Plus - 384979
2. Colors - 368820
3. Zee TV - 367046
4. Sony Entertainment Television - 360545
5. Sony SAB - 258587
6. Star Bharat - 252423
7. Sony Pal - 156361
8. &TV - 152123
9. Zee Anmol - 143325
10. DD National - 110624
Top 20 Shows
1. Kaun Banega Crorepati - 6676
2. Kundali Bhagya (Zee TV) - 6262
3. Kumkum Bhagya (Zee TV) - 5892
4. Khatron Ke Khiladi Pain in Spain (Colors) - 5682
5. Dance Plus 3 (Star Plus) - 5454
6. Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah (SAB TV) - 5017
7. Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai (Star Plus) - 4833
8. Amul Sa Re Ga Ma Pa Little Champs (Zee TV) - 4769
9. Shakti - Astitva Ke Ehsaas Ki (Colors) - 4713
10. Udaan (Colors) - 4661
11. Mahakali Ant Hi Aarambh Hai (Colors) - 4549
12. Yeh Hai Mohabbatein (Star Plus) - 3936
13. Mahasangam Saptah - Mahek/Piya Albela (Zee TV) - 3893
14. Naamkaran (Star Plus) - 3804
15. Chandrakanta (Colors) - 3544
16. Ishq Mein Marjawan (Colors) - 3313
17. Ishqbaaaz (Star Plus) - 3260
18. Tu Aashiqui (Colors) - 3231
19. Shani (Colors) - 3110
20. Woh Apna Sa (Zee TV) - 3058
× School year begins for thousands of KC students, cheered on by a lively crowd
KANSAS CITY, Mo. — School started for thousands of metro students on Monday. Kansas City, Mo., public schools opened, with help from the Kansas City Chiefs.
KC Wolf, Chiefs Cheerleaders, Rumble Drum Line and the Chiefs Community Caring team were at Central High School to cheer on staff and students who were settling in to their new classrooms and new school year. The group were also scheduled to stop at Central Academy of Excellence and Central Middle School.
They will do a large pep rally in front of each school.
Americorps will also be attending.
The program launched in 2015 as a way to bring full-time tutors and mentors to several schools in the KCPS school district.
Now that school is back in session, be sure to check the weather on FOX 4 newscasts and the fox4kc app. Here's the link: http://fox4kc.com/weather/
Share your first-day-of-school pictures here: http://fox4kc.com/2017/08/10/share-your-back-to-school-photos-here/
BATON ROUGE, La. — In Louisiana, a proposal to strengthen the law against bestiality is facing unexpected opposition from conservative lawmakers who see it as an underhanded move to strike the state's unconstitutional ban on sodomy.
Creating a new, wide-ranging anti-bestiality law would untangle the offence from the ban on sodomy in Louisiana's “crime against nature ” statute, prompting some lawmakers to label the measure a sly chess move.
“This bill was written because the far left wants to undermine our other laws that protect family and traditional values that the people of Louisiana hold dear,” said Sen. Ryan Gatti, a Republican who was one of 10 senators to vote against the bill.
“That was our concern, that it most likely will be used as a Trojan horse to delete the sodomy law,” he said.
News about lawmakers voting against the measure that would expand the state's four-word bestiality law with requirements for mental evaluations and penalties for trafficking provoked confusion and mockery outside the Deep South state.
Six states have expanded laws on bestiality crimes in the past three years, according to Leighann Lassiter, director of animal cruelty policy at the Humane Society of the United States, which is advocating for the rewritten law. Three states, including Louisiana, have similar proposals working through their legislatures.
“This has been the first time we've seen one hint of opposition to these bills,” she said. “It's quite surprising.”
For Sen. J.P. Morrell, what has been frustrating is that opposition to his bill is rooted in fear that games are afoot to remove the state's unenforceable statute against “unnatural” sex in Louisiana.
“I don't know how to answer a conspiracy theory,” he said. “There's no evidence that the bill does that. What you hear from people is that they don't trust me because I'm a Democrat from New Orleans.”
Anti-sodomy laws in Louisiana and other states were invalidated in 2003 by the U.S. Supreme Court, which ruled that forbidding people of the same sex from certain sexual conduct violated the 14th Amendment. Despite that ruling, Louisiana's existing law remains on the books.
Morrell has not been shy about his distaste for regulation on what kind of sex is allowed between consenting adults in Louisiana, but he emphasized that he's not taking aim at that rule with this proposal.
He said the measure would modernize an inadequate Louisiana law that doesn't account for today's technology. He even urged fellow lawmakers to vote against an amendment that sought to strike the anti-sodomy law because it would ensure his bill's failure.
On the Senate floor, he offered a stern warning: “God forbid you vote against this bill — good luck explaining it.”
His bill passed the Senate 25-10 and awaits debate in the House of Representatives. It's unclear how the measure will fare in the House because the leader of the Louisiana Family Forum, a Christian conservative organization with considerable sway in the chamber, has raised concerns about it.
“I think the provisions of his bill go way too far,” said Gene Mills, president of the group.
The Humane Society's Lassiter said holes in the law haven't prevented district attorneys from prosecuting cases where people are having sex with an animal. Opponents to the Louisiana bill have said that's good reason to leave the state's law as is.
But the existence of online marketplaces for buying and selling animals for sex complicates matters when that act falls outside the law's boundaries, Lassiter said. Bringing animal cruelty charges is an option, though authorities often have to prove harm has been done, which isn't always clear in these cases.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
PALM BEACH (AP) — President-elect Donald Trump says that “no computer is safe” when it comes to keeping information private, expressing new skepticism about the security of online communications his administration is likely to use for everything from day-to-day planning to international relations.
Trump rarely uses email or computers despite his frequent tweeting.
“You know, if you have something really important, write it out and have it delivered by courier, the old-fashioned way. Because I'll tell you what: No computer is safe,” Trump told reporters during his annual New Year's Eve bash. “I don't care what they say.”
Trump has repeatedly cast aside allegations by U.S. intelligence agencies that Russia tried to influence the presidential election through hacking. President Barack Obama earlier this week ordered sanctions on Russian spy agencies, closed two Russian compounds and expelled 35 diplomats the U.S. said were really spies. The Russian government has denied the allegations.
Trump, who has said that he plans to meet with intelligence officials next to week to learn more about the allegations, said he wants U.S. officials “to be sure because it's a pretty serious charge.” He pointed to intelligence failures over the existence of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq before the U.S. invasion, and declared himself an expert in the area.
“I know a lot about hacking. And hacking is a very hard thing to prove, so it could be somebody else,” he said.
He added, cryptically, that he also knows “things that other people don't know. And so they cannot be sure of the situation.”
Trump made the comments during his annual New Year's Eve bash at his Mar-a-Lago club. Hundreds of guests gathered in the club's grand ballroom, including action star Sylvester Stallone and romance novel model Fabio. Reporters were invited to watch as guests arrived.
Earlier in the day, Trump ditched his press pool, traveling to play golf at one of his clubs without a pool of journalists on hand to ensure the public has knowledge of his whereabouts.
A member of Trump's golf club in Jupiter, Florida, posted a photo on Twitter of Trump on the greens Saturday morning and said about 25 U.S. Secret Service agents accompanied the president-elect. Reporters had not been advised of the visit to the club.
Transition aide Stephanie Grisham confirmed that Trump had made a “last-minute trip” to Trump National Golf Club Jupiter, which is about a half-hour drive from Mar-a-Lago, where Trump has been spending the holidays. He returned to the estate at midafternoon.
Grisham said that she and other aides weren't aware of the trip and “appreciate everyone's understanding.”
“We are in the home stretch of this transition period and don't anticipate any additional situations like this between now and inauguration,” she said in a statement.
Trump, both as a candidate and during the transition, has often scoffed at tradition, such as allowing a group of reporters to follow him at all times to ensure the public knows where he is. Not long after his election, Trump went out to dinner with his family in Manhattan without informing the pool of his whereabouts.
The practice is meant to ensure that journalists are on hand to witness, on behalf of the public, the activities of the president or president-elect, rather than relying on secondhand accounts.
The White House also depends on having journalists nearby at all times to relay the president's first comments on breaking news.
Trump aides appear to have made an effort in recent weeks to offer additional access, allowing reporters to camp out outside a doorway at Mar-a-Lago to document staff and Cabinet candidates' arrivals and departures. Aides also are providing information about his meeting schedule.
Every president and president-elect in recent memory has traveled with a pool of journalists when leaving the White House grounds. News organizations take turns serving in the small group, paying their way and sharing the material collected in the pool with the larger press corps.
Before he went golfing Saturday, Trump tweeted an unusual New Year's message to friends and foes: “Happy New Year to all, including to my many enemies and those who have fought me and lost so badly they just don't know what to do. Love!”
With the arrival of 2017, another New Year's message moved on Trump's Twitter account at about midnight.
This one was decidedly more upbeat and carefully prepared — illustrated with a photo that included his holiday message next to it, including a hashtag and abbreviation referring to his campaign slogan: Make America Great Again.
“To all Americans- HappyNewYear & many blessings to you all! Looking forward to a wonderful & prosperous 2017 as we work together to #MAGA.”
(TM and © Copyright 2016 CBS Radio Inc. and its relevant subsidiaries. CBS RADIO and EYE Logo TM and Copyright 2016 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Used under license. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
""It is not possible to make a sound decision or to participate in society without being informed about one's options, opportunities, and rights.""
2016 Annual Report European Youth Information and Counselling Agency
Bloomberg Markets with Carol Massar.
GUEST: Sam Polk Chief Executive Officer Everytable Discussing solving the issue of "food deserts" –areas that lack access to healthy food- by providing nutritious food at convenient grab-and-go locations.
This is a Bloomberg podcast. To download, watch or listen to this report now, click on the thumbnail/player on the sidebar.
Tesla Inc.'s lead in driverless-car technology would not be enough to insulate the Silicon Valley carmaker from head-on competition with Apple Inc., analysts at Morgan Stanley said in a note Wednesday.
Tesla TSLA, +0.59% has dominated the spotlight in applying artificial-intelligence concepts to transportation, but Tesla investors “must prepare for serious competition for talent and investment capital in this market,” the analysts, led by Adam Jonas, said in the note.
In an interview with Bloomberg TV aired Tuesday, Apple AAPL, -1.28% Chief Executive Tim Cook confirmed his company is working on what he called “autonomous systems,” and one purpose of such technology is driverless cars. Apple had for years dodged questions about it efforts to build an “Apple car.”
Read more: We still don't know what Apple is up to with driverless cars
Depending on how Apple plans to compete in the autonomous driving race, it could take a page from Google parent Alphabet Inc. GOOGL, -0.49% GOOG, -0.51% , which focuses on hardware as well as software with its Waymo subsidiary, or focus solely on software.
The Morgan Stanley analysts believe Apple is likely to “eventually move beyond just software into designing a full car and/or launching a platform for third-party services and content over time.”
Don't miss: Elon Musk says robot software will make Tesla worth as much as Apple
“This is because Apple argues it is most successful when it vertically integrates in a market, controlling the hardware and software and creating a platform,” they wrote. Such pursuits, however, “will take time and investment dollars and competition will be fierce.”
The analysts forecast Apple research and development expenses growing to about $17 billion by 2020, up from $10 billion last year.
Tesla Chief Executive Elon Musk has mocked Apple's attempt to challenge his company in the past, referring to Apple as “the Tesla graveyard” for hiring engineers Tesla has discarded. Musk has also expressed a fondness for Apple products, however, responding to a question from Jonas in the company's most recent earnings call by saying, “Apple continues to make some great products and, yeah, I mean, I use their phone and their laptop, it's cool.”
Tesla has developed its own software and related advanced driver assistance systems, relying on an onboard Nvidia Corp. NVDA, -0.23% AI “supercomputer” to make sense of the input gathered by its cars' radar, cameras and other sensors. Many investors believe Tesla's lead in miles logged and data capture is “insurmountable,” but that's not a guarantee, particularly as commercial applications of autonomous driving is in its early stages, the Morgan Stanley analysts wrote.
Read also: Apple and Tesla are two of the biggest shorts in the world right now
Tesla and Apple were among the companies and other entities that asked the state of California to tweak proposed driverless-car policies in April. Earlier that month, it emerged that Apple had received permission to test autonomous cars on the state's public roads, using three modified Lexus SUVs. Several other companies, including technology companies, auto parts makers, and other tech companies are conducting tests in California, and Nvidia was part of a U.S. Senate committee hearing on autonomous-testing policies this week.
Shares of Apple have declined in the past month, but are still up 25% this year. Tesla shares have been on a tear for the better part of two months as the company readies its mass-market all-electric sedan, the Model 3. The stock has gained more than 77% so far in 2017, while the S&P 500 index SPX, -0.21% has gained nearly 9% in that time.
Hercules the alpaca was only 24 hours old when he broke his front left leg at Cedar Rock Ranch in Lebanon. He received a plasma transfusion and was bottle-fed for months. The open wound and exposed bone led to a serious infection, preventing the bone break from healing properly.
The animal's veterinarian referred him to the University of Tennessee College of Veterinary Medicine for advanced treatment.
Dr. Pierre-Yves Mulon, UTCVM assistant professor in farm animal medicine and surgery, determined the NuCress scaffold was the best option to heal the fragile animal.
The Nucress scaffold is a nanomaterial-based bone regeneration device pioneered by University of Arkansas at Little Rock's systems engineering professor Dr. Alexadru S. Biris, UTCVM head of large animal clinical sciences, Dr. David Anderson and a team of designated researchers.
The scaffold is designed to be implanted directly into the wound by a surgeon and can be loaded with drugs to fight infection or with hormones and stem cells to encourage bone growth. As a result, the scaffold can deliver bacteria-fighting drugs directly to the wound and be safely absorbed by the body, generally eliminating the need for additional surgeries.
Mulon loaded the scaffold with antibiotics and implanted it into Hercules' wound, expecting a long wait due to the alpaca's condition. The process proved quicker than he expected.
“Hercules responded well and fast,” said Mulon. “We are able to walk immediately after surgery and has been very active. The bone repaired within the time range expected for a closed fracture, though it was an open one.”
Mulon said while other options, such as traditionally administered drugs, could have been used, they would have presented more obstacles such as future surgeries.
“It is difficult to confirm if the results had changed using any other option; however, I think it would have necessitated more time,” said Mulon. “Any open fracture carries a guarded to poor prognosis, and Hercules made it as we are very happy,”
Researchers received a grant of more than $5 million from the Department of Defense and hope to develop the product for use with humans.
Best Ways To Spend New Years Day With Your Family In MinnesotaIt's tempting to stay in and chill the day after celebrating New Year's Eve. However, if staying at home is not your idea of starting the New Year, there are enough local family activities on New Year's Day.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
No one should eat romaine lettuce — or any lettuce at all — unless they can be sure it's not from Arizona, federal health officials said Friday.
More than 50 people have become sick in an outbreak of E. coli food poisoning linked to romaine lettuce and now several people in Alaska have also gotten ill, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said in a new warning.
“Based on new information from Alaska, CDC is expanding its warning to cover all types of romaine lettuce from the Yuma, Arizona growing region,” the CDC said in its update.
“This warning now includes whole heads and hearts of romaine lettuce, in addition to chopped romaine and salads and salad mixes containing romaine.”
The CDC said it did not have the number of sick people in Alaska yet, and it cannot say for sure where the contaminated lettuce came from precisely.
“No common grower, supplier, distributor, or brand has been identified at this time,” the CDC said.
So people had better be safe than sorry.
“People who have store-bought romaine lettuce at home, including whole heads and hearts of romaine, chopped romaine, and salads and salad mixes containing romaine lettuce, should not eat it and should throw it away, even if some of it was eaten and no one has gotten sick.,” the CDC said.
“If you do not know if the lettuce is romaine, do not eat it and throw it away.”
It's hard to tell where lettuce comes from. Restaurants may know, but unless the restaurant can assure patrons that their romaine is not from the Yuma, Arizona area, people should not eat it, the CDC said.
“Restaurants and retailers should not serve or sell any romaine lettuce from the Yuma, Arizona growing region. Ask your suppliers about the source of their romaine lettuce,” the CDC said.
E. coli illness have been linked to romaine lettuce in 16 states, as of April 18, 2018. On Friday, April 19, the CDC said more people had been infected in Alaska. Roque Ruiz / CDC
E. coli infections that can be traced to lettuce have been reported in 16 states, the CDC said. No one has died but 31 have been hospitalized and five have developed a severe complication of E. coli infection called hemolytic uremic syndrome.
The CDC and state health officials have spoken to the people who got infected.
“Most people reported eating a salad at a restaurant, and romaine lettuce was the only common ingredient identified among the salads eaten,” the CDC said. “The restaurants reported using bagged, chopped romaine lettuce to make salads.”
It can take weeks to track down the source of a food poisoning outbreak. Food is often shipped to central plants from various farms, where it is processed, mixed together, packaged, and redistributed.
Last winter, Consumer Reports criticized the CDC and the Food and Drug Administration for not warning people away from romaine lettuce when there was a similar outbreak, but the CDC said at the time that it couldn't pinpoint what type of salad green might be responsible.
E. coli infections can cause severe stomach cramps, bloody diarrhea and vomiting. The bacteria can be spread by contaminated water, animal manure or in undercooked beef.
Let's cut to the chase: There's a good deal more snow on the horizon.
The latest weather forecast for southeastern Pa. and the Lehigh Valley is calling for upwards of 9 inches of snow Wednesday, in what will be the second of two storm systems to move through. (The first, expected Tuesday, should not have much, if any, affect on the area.)
Along with the snow is the potential for ice accumulating up to a tenth of an inch from sleet and freezing rain, the weather service said. That, in combination with wind gusts up to 30 mph, mean another round of power outages and a messy commute may be in the offing.
Use this interactive map to see how much snow is predicted for your backyard:
How to use this map
Use the +/- buttons to zoom in and out.
Click the tab at the top to see a color legend
Click or tap anywhere in the colored area to see the forecast for that area. Each box contains a different National Weather Service forecast catered to your area.
Map last updated: 6:00 p.m. March 19
Stephen Stirling may be reached at sstirling@njadvancemedia.com . Follow him on Twitter @sstirling . Find him on Facebook
Investigative reporters preach the gospel of the Freedom of Information Act. But too often, documents obtained through FOIA are redacted beyond practical use.
Stuart Wexler, a high school civics and government teacher from Hightstown, New Jersey, knows this struggle well. In 2015, while working on a book about religious terrorism, he filed several FOIA requests for documents that, Wexler tells CJR, would show how radical Christianity was connected to past racist crimes and white supremacy. The impossibility of obtaining full access to such records started him on a quest: designing a legislative fix that would fill the gaps left by FOIA law.
In particular, Wexler was chasing down a lead on Henry Alexander, a Ku Klux Klan member from Alabama who had been involved in the 1957 death of Willie Edwards, a black, 23-year old truck driver who had been forced to jump to his death by Alexander and Klan members near Montgomery. Before Alexander died, he confessed to his wife—whom Wexler has interviewed—and there was talk that his role as an alleged FBI informant may have helped shield him from prosecution. Wexler filed a request with the FBI for documents related to a 1993 probe on the matter spearheaded by former director Louis Freeh.
“I got everything but the Freeh-mandated investigation. I got nothing on their internal investigation into Henry Alexander,” says Wexler. He'd run into the problem before, so much so that multiple chapters in his book include a disclosure about how the government's refusal to release documents had caused a new line of inquiry to fizzle and die.
“[This happens] time and time again, and I am by no means the only person who has these problems,” says Wexler, and reporters are among the most familiar with the frustration. “I'm getting denied in full. Plenty of people get materials but the redactions are so pronounced there's no way you can make heads or tails of it.”
Frustrated, Wexler decided to ask his high school students to give it a try. They worked in pairs to write and submit FOIA requests to the FBI.
Sign up for CJR 's daily email
“The vast majority [of students] either didn't receive a response at all, or didn't for a very long time,” says Abigail Nickerson, 19, who was in Wexler's class at the time. Now a sophomore at Vanderbilt University, Nickerson says the experience gave the students proof of a problem. “[It showed us] how reluctant the government seemedto be in providing these files. Whether that was because of the complications in the system or administrative procedure, that got us going.”
Wexler's students worked that year to write the Cold Case Records Collection Act, a bill that, if passed, could fill the holes left by the existing FOIA law—such as long wait times and agencies' ability to redact large parts of documents. It would establish an independent review board to make decisions about the release of unredacted FBI and other government records on Civil Rights–era crimes, including those that remain unsolved. The class modeled its bill primarily after the John F. Kennedy Records Collection Act of 1992, which mandated that all assassination records be stored by the National Archives and Records Administration, and the Emmett Till Unsolved Civil Rights Crime Act of 2007, which established unsolved Civil Rights crimes divisions at both the FBI and the Department of Justice (the latter was reauthorized in 2016).
Wexler's students worked to write the Cold Case Records Collection Act, a bill that, if passed, could fill the holes left by the existing FOIA law.
Since then, three generations of students in Wexler's AP US government class have worked to write, lobby, and secure Congressional support for the bill. In 2017, the bill was introduced in the House by Illinois Representative Bobby Rush. Wexler says it has attracted support from the likes of Bill Baxley—the former attorney general from Alabama who famously told a KKK grand dragon to “kiss my ass” after the organization threatened him for reopening the 16th Street Baptist Church bombing case in the early 1970s. The bill also has support from Bobby DeLaughter, the Mississippi prosecutor who convicted Medgar Evers's killer, and Democratic Senator Doug Jones, who beat Roy Moore in Alabama's special election last year. (Jones prosecuted Thomas Blanton, Jr. and Bobby Frank Cherry for the 16th Street bombing in 2001 and 2002, respectively.) The Southern Poverty Law Center, the New Jersey chapter of the NAACP and the Emmett Till Justice Project also support the bill, according to Wexler.
For Stanley Nelson, a reporter at the Concordia Sentinel in Ferriday, Louisiana, the bill could prove instrumental. Nelson started reporting on cold cases from the Civil Rights–era in 2007, when the FBI reopened dozens of previously unsolved cases, including that of Frank Morris. Morris, a black shoe-shop owner with a racially diverse clientele in Ferriday, was murdered in 1964 after white men doused the store—and Morris—in gasoline and set it on fire.
Nelson got his hands on 150 pages of redacted records, supplied to him by the SPLC, that allowed him to write the first story in 2007. Soon after, he joined the Center for Investigative Reporting's Civil Rights Cold Case Project, a coalition of investigative reporters working on projects related to unsolved cases. The Morris case and many of the more than 200 cold-case articles he's written since have been significantly delayed because of the time it takes to decipher intensely redacted files. For cases that are decades old, this can come with devastating consequences.
“One suspect from the 1960s died six months after the Morris case was reopened in 2007,” says Nelson. “Had I been able to get my hands on the file, I would have gone and talked to him. I never knew who he was [because his name was removed from documents]. The more time that passes, witnesses and suspects are dying. If you can get that document with names, your work has been jump started.”
Nelson, who is a vocal supporter the Cold Case Records Collection Act, says journalists play an important role in unearthing the full truth of this painful era in American history that could help readers understand the history behind law enforcement's fragile relationship with communities of color.
“We cannot begin to address those things honestly until we truly know what happened in our communities. We have to know the truth. Our ability to get to the truth is slowly dying because witnesses and suspects are dying,” says Nelson. “The documents, for journalists, are the pathway to finding the truth so it isn't hidden in some FBI vault.”
Nelson keeps a folder of the obituaries of witnesses and suspects involved in cold cases he is investigating. It's now an inch and a half thick. The Cold Case Records Collection bill, he says, would make his work much faster, enabling him to reach people before they die, taking the truth with them. “I think we'll be amazed at what we see. The bill is a great idea and is exactly what we need,” he says.
With the help of the Morris documents, Nelson was able to investigate the cold case over 29 months, generating 122 stories on the murder. Giving reporters more efficient access to these kinds of documents could speed up the work of people like Nelson. Nelson was able to disprove a longstanding town rumor in Ferriday that said the violent act against Morris had stemmed from his facilitation of sexual encounters between black men and white women, a familiar excuse for racist violence in the South. It was a lie, spread by the KKK after his death in an attempt to diminish his reputation in the town. More of this kind of corrective work could be done—and much faster—if reporters like Nelson had easier access to cold-case documents.
“The rumor about Morris was that he was involved in these illicit activities at night. [In fact], he was killed because he had gotten into an argument with a Concordia Parish deputy over [services rendered to his] cowboy boots, and [the deputy] not wanting to pay his bill,” says Nelson. “The deputy was going to teach him a lesson and it happened that Frank was in the shop in the middle of the night when they came. It had nothing to do with Frank being an immoral man. That's truth.”
Nelson heard from the granddaughter of Morris, who had seen his initial story. She told him that she'd learned more about what happened to her grandfather in his story than she'd ever known before.
For Wexler's students, the Cold Case Records Collection Act is about more than an attempt to reveal the difficulties of the FOIA process and to push the government to live up to its ideals about transparency. It's about closure for families and about correcting the historical record on an area—race—that we as a country, including the media, have handled miserably.
“The idea that hopefully we could get some of these cases solved, especially for families that are still living without knowing what happened is the first primary goal,” says Nickerson, the student from Wexler's original class. “In all the ways our political system seems broken, to show that even a group of high schoolers without a lot of experience can call and email our representatives and get a bill introduced addressing an issue that we think is important shows that in some ways, our government is still capable of working in the ways it's supposed to. I think it'd be important to show people my age that changes can actually be made.”
ICYMI: One legal case could open a can of worms for defamation suits against writers
Has America ever needed a media watchdog more than now? Help us by joining CJR today
Alexandria Neason is CJR's Staff Writer and Senior Delacorte Fellow. Follow her on Twitter @alexandrianeas.
There was a time when Chenai Mathabire read Vogue, watched beauty pageants on TV and fantasized about being a supermodel. Today she helps the sick and injured as a nurse and epidemiologist.
Last month, the 35-year-old Zimbabwean received an International AIDS Society prize for showing that a faster tuberculosis test could be implemented at health centers in southeast Africa. Her work will help save the lives of HIV-positive patients who contract TB.
"Nursing is often looked down upon and people just think you are there to be the maid of the doctor or do the dirty work. But teachers made me realize that nurses have a big role to play," says Mathabire.
In Zimbabwe's bustling capital, Harare, Mathabire earned high enough points in her studies to pursue a degree in physiotherapy, occupational therapy or nursing at university. She chose to become a nurse — the first nurse in her family. In 2008, she was between jobs and Zimbabwe was facing economic problems. Mathabire decided to apply for a job at Doctors Without Borders.
The work took her into some of Africa's grimmest situations. She helped diagnose malnourished children with HIV, tuberculosis, pneumonia and malaria in Zimbabwe. Then she supervised workers who were teaching HIV-positive pregnant women how to protect their children from the virus. After that, she worked in a mobile hospital in South Sudan, treating gunshot wounds during a tribal war.
In 2015, she was recruited for her first research assignment at Doctors Without Borders, work that would eventually earn her an International AIDS Society prize. She knew that TB was the No. 1 killer of HIV-positive patients from her previous work, but she didn't know about the rapid tuberculosis test until she read the study's protocol. She was eager to get started on the project.
For two years, Mathabire and a team explored how easily health clinics and hospitals in the Chiradzulu District of Malawi and the Chamanculo District of Mozambique could implement the tuberculosis test for HIV patients, who are more susceptible to the infection.
In Malawi and Mozambique, HIV is the leading cause of death. It is often spread through unprotected sex, and it has wiped out 27 percent of Malawi's and 24 percent of Mozambique's populations according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
Finding out whether an HIV-positive person has tuberculosis is a matter of life and death. Mathabire remembers a Malawi man in his early 30s who left a clinic untreated. The rapid test, which analyzes a molecule in the patient's urine with a paper strip, had shown that he had TB. A coughing test didn't. But doctors weren't referring patients for the rapid test in their assessment of the man. It hadn't yet been approved by the Ministry of Health which was awaiting the World Health Organization's policy guidance. The man died before he could go back to get help.
His story wasn't unique, Mathabire says. "It's very sad but then you realize why you are doing the study — to prevent this from happening," she says. "You start to realize the urgency of what you are doing."
Under normal circumstances, patients are given cough tests or chest X-rays to test for TB. Mathabire's team found that it takes an average of two to four days for results, but the wait could drag on for months.
Though the government of Malawi pays for certain medical care, including tuberculosis treatment, patients might not have the money to pay for a bus ride to the hospital or clinic for follow-up visits. And more remote clinics don't always have the resources to transport samples to hospitals.
With the rapid TB test, sick patients could begin treatment the same day. Mathabire's data showed that the test provided results in less than an hour. Staff in Malawi and Mozambique could be trained to administer the test in just a few hours. And doctors, nurses and clinical officers said it was easy to interpret the bands on the test strips.
Mathabire also found that patients weren't skeptical of a new method. They really wanted to take the high-tech test. Mainly peasant farmers, they took the words of the health workers seriously. "Everybody basically knew somebody that had died of HIV [and opportunistic infections] in a terrible way," she says. It was like that in Zimbabwe too.
The team's findings, published by Doctors Without Borders this year, has led some of the health centers where the aid group works to embrace rapid TB testing. It could pave the way for more facilities to incorporate the test it into their health systems, meaning faster care for the sickest of HIV patients.
In a statement, International AIDS Society president Linda-Gail Bekker said that Mathabire's research will "support the next generation of investigators whose work can help to change the course of this epidemic."
Mathabire still works for Doctors Without Borders and is considering conducting more research on HIV and tuberculosis. But her award-winning research isn't the only major event of her summer.
She moved to Falun, central Sweden, to marry an infectious disease specialist whom she worked with in Zimbabwe. True to her early love of fashion, she's sewing her own wedding dress, with glass beads, silk and lace.
Sasha Ingber is a multimedia journalist who has covered science, culture and foreign affairs for such publications as National Geographic, The Washington Post Magazine and Smithsonian. You can contact her @SashaIngber.
CLAYTON, Ohio (WDTN) – During one of the busiest weeks for back to school in the Miami Valley, law enforcement urged young drivers to avoid risky behaviors behind the wheel.
The warning came Monday after 5 teens were hurt in a single-vehicle crash near Clayton.
“We know that with the increase of school traffic, we'll see an influx in injury accidents involving teens,” Ohio State Highway Patrol Sgt. Chris Colbert said. “It happens every year. People need to make sure that they wear their seat belts.”
The 19 year old driver in Monday's crash said he had taken his father's car for a joyride late Sunday.
Four other teen passengers between the ages of 15 and 19 were also in the vehicle when the driver lost control merging onto Interstate 70 westbound near Hoke Road. The car ran off of the road and flipped several times.
None of the people inside were wearing seat belts and four were ejected during the crash. All five were taken to nearby hospitals with non-life-threatening injuries ranging from bumps and bruises to a broken leg and a fractured back.
“The fact that four of them came out and there were just minor injuries is pretty miraculous,” said Sgt. Colbert.
Troopers said injuries likely could have been avoided altogether if the teens had been buckled.
Nationwide statistics show almost half of victims killed in car crashes were not wearing seat belts.
The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration says teens are two and a half times more likely to engage in risky behaviors behind the wheel when they're with their peers.
NHTSA also says college-aged drivers are 20 to 50 percent more likely to drive drowsy.
The age group also accounts for more than a quarter of distracted drivers involved in fatal crashes.
Police around the Miami Valley are planning extra enforcement during the beginning of the school year in hopes of discouraging risky behaviors and preventing other crashes.
The 19 year old driver in Monday's crash was cited for failure to control.
HAWTHORNE, NJ--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) - STEALTHbits Technologies, Inc., a leading cybersecurity software company focused on protecting an organization's credentials and data, has been listed as a representative vendor in Gartner's 2017 Market Guide for Data-Centric Audit and Protection (DCAP).
Gartner predicts that "By 2020, data-centric audit and protection products will replace disparate siloed data security tools in 40% of large enterprises, up from less than 5% today."
"Traditional data security approaches are limited because the manner in which products address policy is siloed, and thus the organizational data security policies themselves are siloed," according to Gartner. Because of this, Gartner concludes, "SRM leaders must develop a comprehensive policy -- based upon data security governance principles, this is achieved through the application of data security policies and access controls across unstructured, semistructured and structured data repositories or silos." In summary, Gartner points out "There is a critical need to establish organization wide data security policies and controls based upon Data Security Governance (DSG)."
The report recommends that all organizations "implement a DCAP strategy, and 'shortlist' products that orchestrate data security controls consistently across all silos that store the sensitive data." The report supplies "a summary of some key features to investigate":
Data Classification and Discovery
Data Security Policy Management
Monitoring User Privileges and Data access Activity
Auditing and Reporting
Behavior Analysis, Alerting and Blocking
Data Protection
"For over a decade, STEALTHbits has been leading the way in Data Access Governance, which is a big part of auditing and protecting your unstructured data," says Jonathan Sander, CTO of STEALTHbits. "With all the focus on application security and endpoint threats, it is good to see Gartner shedding some much-needed light on the vast amounts of risk hiding out in this data. It's where STEALTHbits spends energy every day and we feel a voice like Gartner's helps give our customers the support they need to prove the importance of this effort to executives."
STEALTHbits had two products included in the guide -- StealthAUDIT and the STEALTHbits File Activity Monitor. Both are capable of helping organizations of all sizes analyze and make sense of their data.
To learn more about StealthAUDIT, visit https://www.stealthbits.com/products/stealthaudit-management-platform/data-access-governance.
To learn more about the STEALTHbits "Stand-Alone" File Activity Monitor, visit https://www.stealthbits.com/products/stealthbits-file-activity-monitor.
Source: Market Guide for Data-Centric Audit and Protection, Published: 21 March 2017, Gartner ID: G00298197
Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in its research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings or other designation. Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of Gartner's research organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.
About STEALTHbits Technologies
Identify threats. Secure data. Reduce risk.
STEALTHbits Technologies is a data security software company focused on protecting an organization's credentials and sensitive information. By removing inappropriate data access, enforcing security policy, and detecting advanced threats, we reduce security risk, fulfill compliance requirements, and decrease operations expense.
For more information, visit http://www.stealthbits.com, email sales@stealthbits.com, or call +1-201-447-9300.
The STEALTHbits logo and all other STEALTHbits product or service names and slogans are registered trademarks or trademarks of STEALTHbits Technologies, Inc. All other trademarks and registered trademarks are property of their respective owners.
U.S. homebuyers are now more likely to purchase new than at any time since the 2008 crash. They don't have a lot of choice: The supply of existing homes is at a record low.
New-home sales made up 11 percent of the total market in March, according to an analysis by Veritas Urbis Economics LLC of government data released Tuesday. That's close to the 10-year high of 11.1 percent, reached in November.
The supply crunch has been years in the making. Now, as demand surges with the improving job market, many single-family houses that might have been purchased by first-time buyers are instead being rented out by investors who bought cheap after the crash. Also, baby boomers are living longer and more often staying put instead of downsizing.
“When inventory is this low, homebuyers turn to new homes,” said Ralph McLaughlin, chief economist for the real estate consultancy. “Those are homes that predictably come on the market.”
The share of new-home sales peaked at about 17 percent in June 2003 during a building boom, then bottomed in 2010 at 5.4 percent. At the time, unemployment was high and the property market was clogged with unsold foreclosures. Prices for previously owned homes have since surged as buyers were left to battle for a scarcity of listings.
There were 1.67 million U.S. homes for sale in March, down 7.2 percent from a year earlier and the lowest for that month in data going back to 1999, according to the National Association of Realtors.
Sunidhi Chauhan who turns a year older today, has some more good news to share with all her fans. If reports are to be believed, then the singer is five months pregnant with her first baby.
She tied the knot with Hitesh Sonik in April 15, 2012 and the couple is now all set to embrace parenthood after five years of marriage.
Not many know that Hitesh is Sunidhi's second husband. Before their marriage in April, when Hitesh was asked about his love story with Chauhan, he had revealed, "She was a little more than a child when she won the Meri Awaz Suno music contest on television. That's when we became friends. Over the years, she became a fine singer, and our friendship grew into love."
He had further added, "That Sunidhi is a wonderful singer is only a part of her personality. I love her first and foremost for the person she is. She has blended so well into my family. My folks dote on her. And I am very comfortable with her family too."
The actress confirmed her pregnancy to Pinkvilla and replied with a 'Thank You'.
Further, Sunidhi's father confirmed the news and told Indian Express, "Its a new chapter in Sunidhi's life and we all are very happy and equally excited. Sunidhi has always been a hardworking child and has made us all proud with her work. But now that we will soon be grand parents I just can't contain my happiness. She is finishing her prior commitments but as a family we have taken a decision to not let her do outstation shows as her health is of utmost priority to us."
Well, we wish the couple hearty congratulations!
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
(CNN) — Toronto police have their suspect — but they're still looking for a motive.
Alek Minassian, the man accused of plowing into pedestrians with a van Monday, was charged Tuesday with 10 counts of first-degree murder.
The 25-year-old is also charged with 13 counts of attempted murder.
Minassian, who was wearing a white jumpsuit with his hands cuffed behind him, appeared attentive during the brief hearing. His next court appearance will be a bail hearing on May 10.
Investigators are still trying to determine the motive behind the attack, which left 10 people dead and 15 hurt.
“Obviously all Canadians continue and will continue to have questions about why this happened, what could possibly be the motive behind it,” Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau said Tuesday.
So far, officials aren't calling the attack an act of terrorism. “There would appear to be no national security connection,” Canadian Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale said.
But Toronto Police Chief Mark Saunders said: “it's very clear just from a general perspective to say that the actions definitely look deliberate.”
The van sped down a busy street Monday with reckless abandon, swerving into the wrong lanes of traffic and careening onto a sidewalk.
Minassian was arrested in a white rental van less than 30 minutes after police received a 911 call, Saunders said.
He said Toronto authorities hadn't had previous contact with the 25-year-old suspect. But a US law enforcement official with knowledge of the case said Minassian was known to authorities.
Clue emerges from Facebook
Investigators found a Facebook account they believe belongs to Minassian, CNN law enforcement analyst Josh Campbell said.
A message posted on the account earlier Monday read: “All hail the Supreme Gentleman Elliot Rodger!”
Campbell said investigators believe the post refers to the man who killed six and injured 14 in a drive-by shooting and vehicle ramming attack near the University of California Santa Barbara campus in 2014. Rodger later died from an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound.
Investigators said Rodger was motivated to carry out his attack by a personal grievance related to his immersion in the extremist ideological subculture of men's rights activists, who believe women don't actually want gender equality and have been brainwashed by feminist propaganda.
A mile-long scene of carnage
Authorities said Minassian left a trail of destruction nearly a mile long, north of midtown Toronto.
“Based on witness accounts, we have a vehicle that started north on Yonge Street from Finch (Avenue) and drove southbound at some point in times on sidewalks, at some point in times driving southbound in northbound lanes,” Saunders said, adding that it appeared to be a deliberate act.
DawaNet, a Canadian Muslim organization, started a GoFundMe page aiming to raise $1 million for the victims and their families. By Tuesday afternoon, the fund had raised more than $55,000.
‘Scene from a war zone'
Diego DeMatos was one of the good Samaritans who tried to save victims.
DeMatos said he was driving north on Yonge when he saw the van driving fast southbound. He said he saw the van hit a man and a woman.
“Blood started gushing out of his head, and she was bleeding really badly, too,” DeMatos told CNN.
At first, he thought the collision was a hit-and-run. But then he noticed four to five victims on the ground as he drove a few meters further.
DeMatos said he stopped to help another victim, who was already being aided by someone.
“I went over to try to perform CPR on him. … He died in our arms,” DeMatos said.
“It was like a scene from a war zone. There were garbage cans everywhere, broken bus shelters and mailboxes on the ground.”
A dramatic arrest
Cell phone video obtained by CNN partner CTV appears to show a tense standoff with a suspect after the incident. Police have not said whether the person in the video was Minassian.
The footage appears to show a man standing in front of a white van with a damaged front bumper. The man is yelling and extending one arm, pointing an object at an officer standing behind a black car.
The officer has his weapon drawn and pointed at the man. The officer slowly steps toward him and yells “Get down, get down!”
Later in the video, the man is seen on the ground and the officer is cuffing his hands behind him; the object can be seen lying on the ground off to the side.
As for whether the suspect had a weapon, “There's nothing that indicates he has a gun,” Saunders said.
Trudeau offered his condolences to the families of the victims. He thanked first responders, who he said “faced danger without hesitation and their efforts no doubt saved lives and prevented further injuries.”
(©2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
EXCELSIOR SPRINGS, Mo. -- The Humane Society has offered a $5,000 reward for information leading to an arrest in the beating death of a beloved Excelsior Springs dog.
Area residents were shocked to learn of the vicious act of animal cruelty. Excelsior Springs Police said the poor dog was beaten and left to die while leashed in its own yard.
It happened while the dog's owner was at home. Lora Kingery said her dog, Snowball, was savagely beaten and died three days later.
Now weeks later, people are angry and are demanding justice for a popular dog that everyone knew.
The safety of her own yard wasn't enough. Kingery, who has lived in Excelsior Springs for 30 years, wants to know who beat Snowball. Police in Excelsior Springs tell FOX 4 News the dog's body showed signs of blunt force trauma, having been beaten while still leashed up.
Excelsior Springs Police Department is investigating a claim that video of the beating exists.
Now the Humane Society is hoping that the reward will encourage someone with information to come forward.
If you can help track down Snowball's killer, please call Excelsior Springs Police at (816) 630-2000.
Previous coverage:
TORONTO — Bill Marshall, a co-founder of the Toronto International Film Festival, has died.
Marshall's family issued a written statement saying he died in Toronto of a cardiac arrest on New Year's Day.
He was 77.
Marshall founded TIFF in 1976 with two colleagues, and served as the organization's director in its first three years, according to the current TIFF director and CEO.
Piers Handling says Marshall helped build the festival into one of “the most influential public cultural festivals today.”
Marshall's family said in its statement that he was a visionary in the Canadian film industry, and was also deeply involved in Toronto's political landscape, serving as a campaign manager and chief of staff for three of the city's past mayors.
They're remembering him for his “honesty, keen mind and wry humour.”
The family said it will release information about the memorial service once it's finalized.
Toronto Mayor John Tory issued a statement saying that Marshall always “thought big.”
“We were the winners thanks to his creativity and determination,” Tory said in a statement released Sunday.
Here is my statement on the death of TIFF founder, Bill Marshall. pic.twitter.com/5eMDUG53wY — John Tory (@JohnTory) January 1, 2017
Bill Marshall, with friend and adamant Festival of Festivals supporter, Roger Ebert, at @Festival_Cannes in 1977. pic.twitter.com/srdnCbDucD — TIFF (@TIFF_NET) January 1, 2017
Both #rip bill Marshall and Dusty Cohl up in Heavens theatre. Legends. @TIFF_NET pic.twitter.com/ycd333pUKp — Joe Warmington (@joe_warmington) January 1, 2017
"This is the multicultural capital of the worldâ. We do it for the people who live here." TIFF Founder, Bill Marshall on Toronto. pic.twitter.com/jjn1Hr4YRs — TIFF (@TIFF_NET) January 1, 2017
Proud Torontonian, and TIFF Founder, Bill Marshall with Henry Winkler. pic.twitter.com/nvNxjNzqdj — TIFF (@TIFF_NET) January 1, 2017
Dundee United could get some fizz put into their bid to reach the Irn-Bru Cup Final when two key members of the rearguard return to the squad this weekend.
But the availability of goalkeeper Cammy Bell and centre-half William Edjenguele will leave manager Ray McKinnon with a dilemma.
Both were sorely missed in Saturday's 3-0 defeat at Falkirk but will be able to make the trip to Dumfries for the semi-final with Queen of the South.
Bell is expected to recover from a thigh strain picked up in training last Thursday, while Edjenguele has served his one-game league suspension.
“It was close for Cammy on Saturday but if he'd played and done more damage to his thigh he could have been out for the rest of the season so we couldn't take the risk,” explained Ray.
“He should be OK for Queen of the South and William will be available, so that's a boost.”
With vital league games coming thick and fast after this tie, the question for the manager is whether or not he breaks with his previous Irn-Bru selection policy and actually uses them.
In the three ties so far, against Peterhead, Stranraer and Dunfermline, Bell has been rested and back-up goalie Luis Zwick given game time.
Edjenguele did make his United debut against Peterhead and played down at Stranraer but those ties came at a point when he needed match practice.
By the time the quarter-final at the Pars came round, he was up to speed on that score and was given the weekend off.
The fact both have just had enforced breaks may see the manager give them time on the pitch at Palmerston.
He could, though, decide making sure they are fit for a massive league clash with Morton at Tannadice on Saturday week is more important and keep them in reserve.
Tonight could see the likes of Charlie Telfer and Jamie Robson given game time in the Development League clash with Rangers at Stirling Albion's Forthbank Stadium.
With the first-team ranks set to be depleted for quite a while because of injuries suffered by Blair Spittal and Lewis Toshney in the weekend defeat, it's unlikely too many others will be risked in this second string outing.
President Trump slammed Iran on Tuesday for threatening to restart its nuclear program if the US and France fail to salvage the 2015 nuke accord – saying “they will have bigger problems than they've ever had before.”
Flanked by French President Emmanuel Macron in the Oval Office, Trump hinted that an agreement could be negotiated about the landmark multinational nuclear accord.
“We're looking forward to doing something but it has to be done and it has to be done strongly,” Trump said without explanation.
He launched his broadside at Tehran before the two leaders were to hold talks on an array of issues, including the nuclear accord and the war in Syria.
“You can mark it down, if they restart their nuclear program, they will have bigger problems than they've ever had before,” Trump warned.
He heaped scorn on the “terrible” accord, which was negotiated by his predecessor, Barack Obama, describing it as “insane” and “ridiculous” because it did not address ballistic missiles or Iran's activities in Syria and Yemen.
“What kind of deal is it when you don't talk about Yemen and you don't talk about all the other problems that we have with respect to Iran?” he said.
“We made this terrible deal but we're going to discuss it. It should have never been made,” he added.
Trump has said that unless European allies fix “terrible flaws” in the accord by May 12, he will restore US economic sanctions on Iran, dealing a severe blow to the pact.
Under the deal, Iran agreed to curb its nuclear ambitions in return for relief from economic sanctions. Tehran argues that its nuclear program is only for peaceful means.
“It just seems that no matter where you go especially in the Middle East, Iran is behind it, wherever there's trouble, Yemen, Syria, no matter where you have it, Iran is behind it,” he said Tuesday.
Macron came to Washington in hopes of persuading Trump to keep the US in the Iran agreement, saying it offered the best chance to constrain Tehran.
“On Iran, we must contextualize this subject within the challenges of the region. There is the situation in Syria, there is security in the entire region and I think, in any case, we share a common goal of avoiding an escalation and proliferation of nuclear weapons in the region,” Macron said.
The other powers that signed it — Russia, China, Germany and Britain – have all said they want to preserve the pact.
Trump's rhetoric followed Iranian President Hassan Rouhani's warning against a US pullout from the accord.
see also Iran warns it might withdraw from Non-Proliferation Treaty LONDON – A senior Iranian official said on Tuesday that...
“If someone wants to betray our nation and the deal, grave consequences will affect them,” Rouhani said Tuesday during a visit to the city of Tabriz.
Also Tuesday, Ali Shamkhani, the secretary of Iran's Supreme National Security Council, said in a news conference broadcast on state TV that the Atomic Energy Organization of Iran was ready for some “surprising actions” if the nuclear deal was scrapped.
Answering a question about the possibility of Tehran pulling out of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty, Shamkhani said: “This is one of three options that we are considering,” according to Reuters.
“We have welcomed the insistence of the European Union on keeping America in the JCPOA (nuclear deal),” Shamkhani said. “But if this means degrading the Islamic republic of Iran or paying a ransom to Trump, the Europeans are making a strategic mistake.”
With Post wires
Anonymous Twitter user @YesYoureRacist vowed to unmask the identities of white nationalist demonstrators over the weekend, and within an hour, the user named a Bay Area resident and his employer.
The fallout for Cole White was swift. Social media users called on his employer Top Dog, a hot dog restaurant in Berkeley, to fire White. By Sunday, @YesYoureRacist claimed victory: White had left his job.
Cole White, from California — allegedly works at Top Dog restaurant in Berkeley pic.twitter.com/gxPvwQtAPw — Yes, You're Racist (@YesYoureRacist) August 12, 2017
In the wake of a violent rally in Virginia over the weekend that left one person dead and 19 injured, counter-protesters flocked to Twitter and Facebook asking the public to #ExposeTheAltRight.
But while the tactic underscored the power of social media as a tool to squash opponents, it also raised questions about the impact and risks of rapid-fire public shaming.
Naming people in photos doesn't appear to violate Twitter's online rules. However, the San Francisco-based tech firm does not allow users to post another person's private and confidential information, such as their Social Security number or non-public personal email address. It also doesn't allow users to make violent threats.
@YesYoureRacist told Washington, D.C. television station WUSA9, “I'm not ‘trying' to get anyone fired, I just think people have a right to know if one of their neighbors, coworkers, employees, classmates etc. is attending white supremacist rallies.” This news organization reached out to the Twitter user through a direct message, but @YesYoureRacist did not respond.
Public shaming isn't happening only on Twitter. Over the weekend, Missouri resident Gregg Davis asked Facebook users to identify participants at the rally. By Monday, his post was shared more than 230,000 times.
But with some users quick to blame and label others, the public shaming tactic also fueled the spread of misinformation. The University of Arkansas had to do damage control over the weekend after Assistant Professor Kyle Quinn was mistakenly identified as a rally participant.
University officials have confirmed the man in the photo is not assistant professor Quinn or any other member of engineering faculty. — UniversityofArkansas (@UArkansas) August 13, 2017
Quinn, who works at the university's department of biomedical engineering, said he started receiving threatening emails and voicemails.
His home address was posted online. People wrote nasty comments on social media sites. And an online petition asked the university to fire him.
“My wife and I at that point did not feel safe to be in our home, so we decided to leave on Saturday night and stay with a friend,” he said Monday.
For Quinn, there were obvious drawbacks to public shaming on social media especially if users aren't getting the names right.
“I think it's clear that there are people who are not going to do this in a responsible or ethical way,” he said. “and in no way would I support that sort of behavior.”
But as more people post videos and photos online, some media experts expect social media outing to grow.
“The really egregious event in Charlottesville is bringing to the forefront that people can no longer stand still. That they need to say something. I think that what we're also seeing is people are tired of being swept under the rug,” said Peter Young, an instructor at San Jose State University's journalism and mass communications department.
Efforts to identify demonstrators have been going on for years, including by police, said Chris Hoofnagle, a law professor at UC Berkeley who focuses on information privacy and consumer protection.
“We have very strong protections for our speech and a right to assembly against our government, but virtually no protection against private retaliation for free speech,” he said.
Employers often can dismiss an employee for any reason. On Monday, Top Dog issued a statement to news outlets saying White voluntarily resigned.
Exposing someone on social media is a tactic that can be used by both the left and right.
“This is all about private censorship and shame,” Hoofnagle said. “If you're willing to accept it as okay, then think about what this would mean if this were done to you.”
KNOXVILLE, Tenn. — A middle school boy in Tennessee is hopefully feeling the support of hundreds of thousands of people who saw his tears on social media.
His mother recorded video of him in the car, telling her about the bullying he'd just gone through.
While fighting back tears, young Keaton Jones asks the question, “Why?”
This is Keaton Jones. He is amazing. I hope those who bullied him get what's coming to them. And soon. pic.twitter.com/qgRObI0rto — Jamie O'Grady (@JamieOGrady) December 9, 2017
“Just out of curiosity, why do they bully? What's the point of it?”
“Why do you find joy in taking innocent people and finding a way to be mean to them? It's not okay.”
The voice of Keaton's mother quivers as she listens to him talk about his day.
“They make fun of my nose. They call me ugly. They say I have no friends,” Keaton says, tearing up. The bullies “put milk on me and put ham down my clothes, throw bread on me.”
“People that are different don't need to be criticized,” he said, adding that he isn't the only one the bullies pick on.
Talking it out– and the love of his mother- seemed to help Keaton Jones because he ends with a hopeful message for others who are feeling the pain of bullying.
“But if you are made fun of, just don't let it bother you. Just stay strong, I guess,” Keaton says, gulping. “It's hard. But … it'll probably get better one day.”
One of the first to respond to the video was the Tennessee Titans' Delanie Walker, who reached out to Jones and his mother on Twitter Saturday with words of encouragement and an offer of tickets to a Titans game. Walker said that he hoped to raise awareness to bullying in schools.
@DonteStallworth @Lakyn_Jones hopefully my video and the tweets that Keaton have been getting brings awareness to bullying and how serious it is in our school system pic.twitter.com/1Dujv3RxA5 — Delanie walker (@delaniewalker82) December 9, 2017
However, Walker was not the last to reach out, as Jones' story has touched many.
Avengers' star Chris Evans reached out to Jones via Twitter, inviting him and his mother to the premiere of the new Avengers' film next summer:
Stay strong, Keaton. Don't let them make you turn cold. I promise it gets better. While those punks at your school are deciding what kind of people they want to be in this world, how would you and your mom like to come to the Avengers premiere in LA next year? https://t.co/s1QwCQ3toi — Chris Evans (@ChrisEvans) December 10, 2017
Cleveland Cavaliers' players J.R. Smith and LeBron James were among some of the others to respond, with Smith saying that Jones should come out to a game when the Cavaliers play in Memphis.
That's a damn shame. Keaton if your around when we play in Memphis i would love to invite you to one of our games. Head up Champ! https://t.co/Moh9ObdgX8 — JR Smith (@TheRealJRSmith) December 11, 2017
Damn right! Bullies are straight up wack, corny, cowards, chumps, etc, etc! Keaton keep your head up buddy and push forward! You're the best https://t.co/pqDgay77l9 — LeBron James (@KingJames) December 11, 2017
The hashtag “#StandWithKeaton” was trending for a period this weekend and has evoked thousands of responses.
Singer Katy Perry and NBA legend Bill Russell also responded with tweets, urging people to be kind to one another and spread Keaton's story:
This broke my 💔 today. Please be kind to one another. #standwithkeaton https://t.co/8XBbFmnuc1 — KATY PERRY (@katyperry) December 10, 2017
HHS spokesman Kenneth Wolfe said Wednesday that 8,887 migrant children were in shelters on April 30, meaning there was a 22 percent increase in the last month.
The increase comes after Attorney General Jeff Sessions said this month that the administration was going to take a “zero tolerance” approach by seeking to prosecute all families crossing the border illegally. Now, when parents are charged with improper entry, a misdemeanor on the first offense, they are jailed and separated from their children. The children are then referred to the ORR.
- Advertisement -
The numbers do not include children who are in the care of family sponsors, Wolfe said, noting that about 93 percent of all unaccompanied children are released to sponsors.
And over 30,000 children have been referred to ORR so far in fiscal year 2018, he said. There were 40,810 referrals in all of fiscal year 2017.
Wolfe added that the government has 1,218 beds on reserve if they are needed.
And while those numbers do not specify children who actually arrived at the border unaccompanied, or children who were rendered unaccompanied after they were separated from their families, immigrant activists said they were not surprised at the increase.
“It is not a surprise at all that ORR is running at incredibly high rates of capacity,” said Jennifer Podkul, director of policy at Kids in Need of Defense (KIND), a group that represents migrant children.
She said the situation was much different from when a surge of Central American children sought to cross the border in 2014.
“Now, the government has manufactured their own crisis because they're taking these children away from their parents,” she said, adding, “ORR is really being squeezed if they're required to take these children.”
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - A Jefferson County man has pleaded guilty to seeking sex with a minor.
Shawn Matthew Greschel, 31, was arrested in September 2017 after a three-week investigation. Greschel pled guilty on Friday to the prohibited use of an electronic communication system to procure a minor for sex.
MORE FROM WAVE3.COM
+ Mark Jurich among 3 UofL Athletics staffers fired
+ Kentucky flu stats released; 10 deaths reported in Jefferson County
+ 1 shot, killed in California neighborhood
Greschel will serve one year in prison as a part of his plea deal; there he's expected to receive sex offender treatment, according to the Attorney General's Office. Once released, Greschel will serve five years probation and will be placed on the Sex Offender Registry for 20 years.
"I appreciate the work of our cyber investigators, federal authorities and the Jefferson Commonwealth's Attorney for assisting with this case," Attorney General Andy Beshear said. "It is one of our core missions to ensure our children are protected from those who seek to exploit and abuse them."
Greschel's sentencing is scheduled for 8:30 a.m. March 19.
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Bitcoin's Crazy Ride: Soaring, Falling and Investor Frenzy
The price of bitcoin swung wildly Thursday, rising to more than $19,000 only to fall sharply within minutes, as the frenzy surrounding the virtual currency escalated just days before it starts trading on a major U.S. exchange.
The frenzy even has parts of Wall Street concerned. A group of banks came out and complained that federal regulators approved bitcoin futures, which begin trading on Sunday, too quickly and without properly considering the inherent risks in the virtual currency.
At 1:05 p.m. EST, Bitcoin was valued at $16,825, according to Coinbase, after briefly surging above $19,000 Thursday morning. At the start of the year, one bitcoin was worth less than $1,000. Coinbase, the largest bitcoin exchange, at one point tweeted that record-high traffic had caused interruptions to its service.
The swings in price occurred just as the trading community prepares for bitcoin to start trading on two established U.S. exchanges. Futures for bitcoin will start trading on the Chicago Board Options Exchange on Sunday evening and on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange a week later.
The Futures Industry Association, which represents Wall Street's biggest banks and clearing houses, sent a letter to the Commodities Futures Trading Commission, saying that as the guarantors of customers trades, they should have been consulted before trading in bitcoin futures was approved. They expressed concern that the extreme volatility tied into bitcoin could leave banks exposed when the futures move too violently.
Bitcoin is the world's most popular virtual currency. Such currencies are not tied to a bank or government and allow users to spend money anonymously. They are basically lines of computer code that are digitally signed each time they are traded.
A debate is raging on the merits of such currencies. Some say they serve merely to facilitate money laundering and illicit, anonymous payments. Others say they can be helpful methods of payment, such as in crisis situations where national currencies have collapsed.
Miners of bitcoins and other virtual currencies help keep the systems honest by having their computers keep a global running tally of transactions. That prevents cheaters from spending the same digital coin twice.
Online security is a vital concern for such dealings.
In Japan, following the failure of a bitcoin exchange called Mt. Gox, new laws were enacted to regulate bitcoin and other virtual currencies. Mt. Gox shut down in February 2014, saying it lost about 850,000 bitcoins, possibly to hackers.
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock/Artist's concept.
Simon Grayson believes that Aiden McGeady is the "most talented player" that he has ever worked with and the Sunderland manager was full of praise for the Ireland international after his excellent strike helped the Black Cats to an away win at Norwich.
The Sunderland manager moved to the north-east of England club during the summer and one of the first pieces of business that he conducted was to purchase the Ireland winger from his former club, Preston North End.
And Grayson believes that the £250,000 that was paid for the 31-year-old will prove to be very astute as he watched the first instalment being repaid on Sunday at Carrow Road.
Sunderland continued their unbeaten start to the Championship season with an impressive 3-1 away win with McGeady's wonder-goal sealing the victory in East Anglia.
"Aiden is probably the most talented player I have ever worked with and is looking good value at only £250,000," said Grayson.
The Sunderland boss also believes that McGeady has fallen back in love with football since they started working together.
"He is a player who has immense ability. He had fallen out of love with the game before I took him to Preston last year and let him express himself, because his ability is as good as anyone's.
"You saw glimpses today of what he can do.
"He has fallen back in love with the game, and when I came in he was the first player I wanted to sign."
60' From Honeyman's corner, McGeady picked the ball up and absolutely smashed it beyond Gunn with his left foot, leaving him with no chance! pic.twitter.com/lgxPILLsnB — Sunderland AFC (@SunderlandAFC) August 13, 2017
McGeady, meanwhile, admitted that he was delighted to score his first competitive goal for his new club
"I was expecting Catts [Lee Cattermole] to volley it actually – he's just played that disguised pass to me," said McGeady. "I was caught a bit by surprise but just took a touch and caught it sweet.
"I'm comfortable shooting off my left. I scored a few like that last season, and I'm just delighted to get my first goal for Sunderland. The win is the main thing."
One-cup coffee pods like the Keurig K-cups have historically been challenging in terms of recyclability – and have come under fire by environmental groups for the mountains of plastic that is ending up in landfills. But Keurig Green Mountain has been on a two-pronged journey to make its pods more environmentally friendly and less open to criticism. The company is changing the composition of the plastic in its pods to make it more lucrative to recyclers, while engaging in research to discover how to ensure the single serve coffee pods actually make it through the recycling sorter. However, in terms of the company's falling market share, the move may not make much of a difference, according to the Washington Post.
Part of the recycling problem is that, even when materials in the K-cup are recyclable, they are often not recycled by the consumer, and when they are, they tend to fall through the sortation equipment at recycling facilities and end up in landfills.
Keurig Green Mountain has said its goal is to ensure that 100% of its K-cup pods make it to the curbside for recycling by 2020, but in its latest sustainability report, released this week, it moved that timeline to 2018. To do this, the company is changing the composition of the pods so that the user will brew the coffee, peel the top, empty it and toss it in the recycling bin “in the same behavior they would do with a yogurt cup,” says Keurig chief sustainability officer Monique Oxender (via the Washington Post).
The company is shifting its K-cup pods from a multi-material makeup to polypropylene, according to Plastics News.
The move may or may not affect demand for the pods, which seems to have stabilized. “If it's going to be easier to recycle K-cups, some consumers will care…,” says Pablo Zuanic, an analyst with Susquehanna International Group. “On the margin it's nice, but I don't think it's going to move the needle.”
They say home is where the heart is, and for Air Force veteran Larry Murphree, his heart is with his country.
"One day I was thinking about the country, and I put a small American flag on my front porch in a flower pot," Murphree said.
Murphree says it wasn't much, but it had meaning.
"It's a small flag," Murphree said, "but it stands for a big thank you."
Murphree says the HOA at the Tides Condominium in Sweetwater didn't feel the same.
"I got a violation letter that stated the American flag was an unauthorized object and for me to take it down," Murphree said.
Naturally, this veteran refused.
"They started fining me up to $1000 because I wouldn't take the flag down," Murphree said.
He says that $1000 came out of the $100 a day that the flag was still displayed.
So, that's when he got lawyer Gust Sarris involved.
"We believe we have the right to display the American flag, we filed suit in federal court," Sarris said.
Sarris says they came to an agreement that the flag could be flown and considered the battle a win. A few months later, though, Sarris says the HOA changed that flag ordinance to a flower pot ordinance.
"Somehow they re-categorized it and started doing the same thing again," Sarris said, "which was the same flag, the same flower pot, the same dirt and the same plant."
Murphree was again being charged $100 every day he didn't remove the flag. On top of this, he says his HOA was using his HOA fee money to pay off the fines unbeknownst to him.
"So, the monthly homeowner's fees weren't being paid," Sarris said, "that's how they were able to get a lien on the property."
Murphree says this legal battle has now drawn on for seven years, and all the while, he says the property kept finding new ways to fine him.
"They just started nitpicking everything that I did," Murphree said.
Murphree says he was given violations for not parking in his driveway straight enough, for having a snowflake Christmas window decoration up after Christmas, and for putting solar lights up at Christmas, just to name a few.
Along with what Murphree calls harassment by the HOA, he says he had to sell his condo to avoid being foreclosed on.
"Sold my place at a tremendous loss and got out of here," Murphree said.
But all though Murphree has moved on, his legal battle is still ongoing.
"Somebody had to stand up and say, 'this is not right,'" Murphree said.
We're told his most recent lawsuit will be headed to trial next year.
Based on previous court records, the only thing the HOA permits in a planter is foliage/plants/flowers.
We have reached out to the HOA for a response but received an automated email that they would be out of the office until Friday, July 6th.
© 2018 WTLV
MISSION, BC--(Marketwired - February 15, 2017) -
NOT FOR DISTRIBUTION TO U.S. NEWSWIRE SERVICES OR DISSEMINATION IN THE UNITED STATES
Arak Resources Ltd. (TSX VENTURE: AAC) (the "Company") wishes to announce, subject to Exchange approval, a non-brokered private placement of up to 4,643,000 Units at a price of $0.14 per Unit. Each Unit of the private placement consisting of one, post-consolidated common share and one, five year share purchase warrant entitling the holder to purchase an additional post-consolidated common share at a price of $0.18 per share until expiry. Gross proceeds of $650,020 will be used for general overhead and operating expenses.
The Company will pay, a commission of up to 10% of the gross proceeds in cash and up to 10% of the number of Units sold, in commission warrants, the commission warrants exercisable at $0.18 for a period of two years.
All securities issued pursuant to the private placement will be subject to a four month hold period trading restriction
ARAK RESOURCES LTD.
"Carl von Einsiedel"
Carl von Einsiedel, Director
Neither the TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release. This news release does not constitute an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to sell any securities in the United States. The securities have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "U.S. Securities Act") or any state securities laws and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to U.S. Persons unless registered under the U.S. Securities Act and applicable state securities laws or an exemption from such registration is available.
ALISO VIEJO, CA--(Marketwired - April 17, 2017) - Global Wave Group, the leading provider of workflow and loan origination solutions for the Banking Industry, is pleased to announce the release of its new Portal Solution that streamlines the document submission process for its Banking Customers. The Portal allows a Bank's customers to submit loan documentation and related information in an automated, secure manner allowing Banks to gain further operational efficiencies. The Portal works seamlessly with Global Wave's Credit Track solution; a web-based loan origination, workflow, approval, monitoring and reporting software platform that helps Bankers manage their loan portfolio and mitigate commercial lending risks. The origination process captures data points that are used throughout the loan life cycle, thus eliminating redundant effort and improving data quality. Credit Track helps in the monitoring and tickler process via tracking covenant conditions and required financial submissions. The application has a dashboard feature to track metrics as well as various levels of operational and management reporting. The platform is highly configurable and requires no programming knowledge to make workflow and operational changes.
Zubin Mehta, CEO of Global Wave Group added: "We are excited to be celebrating our 10 year anniversary and are thankful for all our great clients, partners and employees. Our clients continue to rely on our solutions, deep expertise and outstanding customer service to streamline their operations and workflow, and we believe that the Portal Solution continues to demonstrate our commitment to helping Financial Institutions serve their customers more efficiently."
About Global Wave Group
Global Wave Group provides software and consulting services that enable banks to streamline their commercial credit process. Our management team brings together seasoned professionals in the financial services and technology industries. Our solutions are developed by Bankers, for Bankers. Learn more at www.globalwavegroup.com.
LOS ANGELES — A statue of Jackie Robinson was unveiled April 15 at Dodger Stadium on the 70th anniversary of his breaking Major League Baseball's color line.
“This statue … captures Dad's fierce passion and determination,” Robinson's daughter Sharon said at the ceremony, attended by Baseball Hall of Fame members Sandy Koufax, Tommy Lasorda and Frank Robinson, retired Dodger broadcaster Vin Scully and Basketball Hall of Fame member Earvin “Magic” Johnson, a part owner of the Dodgers.
“He was a passionate man who broke barriers on and off the field,” Sharon Robinson said. “It is our hope that the statue will be a reminder to kids and adults that life is a glorious challenge filled with stolen bases and strikeouts and that it will inspire each of us to fight back against injustice, build strong communities, take risks and embrace the beautiful diversity that is this great nation.”
The statue — located in the Left Field Reserve Plaza — is the first at Dodger Stadium and depicts Robinson sliding into home plate during his rookie season in 1947, a salute to his aggressive and ambitious playing style.
The bronze statue took sculptor Branly Cadet 18 months to complete. It sits atop a granite base, which contains a biographical paragraph as well as three of Robinson's best-known quotes. The combined statute and base stand nearly 9 feet tall.
“It was my intention to create a sculpture that captured Jackie's courage and dynamism both on the field and — metaphorically at least — off the field,” Cadet said.
The statue fulfills the fourth of five goals of the group that purchased the Dodgers in 2012, Johnson said.
“The first thing we wanted to do was bring the fans back,” Johnson said. “The second thing was to improve the team. The third thing we wanted to do was to put sure we put money into the stadium. The next thing we wanted to do was to honor Jackie.
“We've got one more box to check and that is to win a World Series.”
The Dodgers have not won a World Series since 1988.
In an interview following the 35-minute ceremony, Johnson said he was “happier” about the Robinson statue than the statues of him outside Staples Center and at his alma mater, Michigan State.
Johnson said “many statues” would follow Robinson's at Dodger Stadium, but declined to say who he felt the next one should honor.
Both Johnson, the first black to be part of a Major League Baseball team's ownership group, and Frank Robinson, who became MLB's first black manager in 1975, slightly more than two years after Robinson's death in 1972, both credited Robinson for making their ground-breaking accomplishments possible.
After recounting a 1950 visit to Grossinger's Catskill Resort Hotel where Robinson challenged him to a race on ice skates, despite never skating before, and an early 1950s game in Cincinnati where Robinson received a death threat and outfielder Gene Hermanski suggested all the Dodgers wear Robinson's number 42 to foil the would-be killer, Scully explained what the number that all major leaguers wore Saturday meant.
“It doesn't mean that they're are all equal,” said Scully, who broadcast Dodger games from 1950, Robinson's fourth season, through last season. “Some are taller than others. Some are heavier than other. Some are left-handed. Some are right-handed.
“But the one thing they share in carrying number 42 is the fact that the man who wore it gave them the one thing that no one at the time could ever have done. He gave them equality and he gave them opportunity.
“Those were the two things that many of those people never had to hold to their hearts when they first began to play. Forty-two is a great number. It means a lot for a great man, but it is a tremendous number when you think of a man who wore it with such dignity, with such pride and with such great discipline.”
We live in a society where people are quite judgmental about how a woman dresses or behaves. Sadly, in our country, a smoking and tattooed women are still considered promiscuous.
Kriti Sanon is all set to question this stigma with her role of Bitti in her upcoming film Bareilly Ki Barfi. Talking about it, the actress was quoted as saying, "Smoking is not good for health and should be avoided. I am a non-smoker, but the point we want to make is that girls who smoke, who are fond of body art or break into a jig are not characterless."
She further added, "Our society has a very small bracket for 'good girls'. That bracket needs to broaden up or change. When a guy is moophat or smokes, he is not considered characterless, but you judge girls too fast. This is seen more in smaller towns. In an arranged marriage too, only a girl is asked all kinds of questions. I really want this to change."
On the other hand, Kriti's alleged relationship with Sushant Singh Rajput has been grabbing headlines time and again. Recently while talking to a leading daily, here's what she had to say-
"Gone are the days when enjoying a movie or dinner with a co-star would be called a date. There is nothing wrong in being friends with your co-actors and if that involves dinners or movies, why not? It's sad if I stop socialising with a friend, just because people are cooking up stories. I am not answerable to any one. I would still hang out with my male friends and people can assume anything they like. As for Sushant, I don't have control over what people talk about us. I have already spoken enough about it."
Directed by Ashwiny Iyer Tiwary, Bareilly Ki Barfi also stars Ayushmann Khurrana and Rajkummar Rao and is slated to release this week.
Note to Sanjay Tripathy — a “date” doesn't end with one party bloodied, strangled, sexually assaulted and held against her will.
That's the message a Manhattan jury sent the tech executive Wednesday, finding him guilty of brutalizing a woman he met through a “sugar daddy” website in June 2016.
His accuser sat trembling in the courtroom as the 12 men and women returned their verdict of guilty on all five counts.
She testified at trial that after they arrived at his room at the posh W hotel in midtown, the married dad threatened to kill her before he punched her in the face some 20 times and forced her to perform oral sex on him.
The 38-year-old, who runs a skin care line, told jurors she and Tripathy arranged to have dinner at Zuma, and then returned to the bar at the W.
He invited her up to his room saying he had something for her, she testified, and then pounced on her.
“He said, ‘I am going to kill you. You are going to die,'” assistant district attorney Kristen Baraiola told jurors in her openings, describing how blood from the victim's face splattered the hotel room walls and bedspread as Tripathy pummeled her.
Tripathy showed no reaction as the verdict was read. He faces up to 25 years behind bars.
The duo met on SeekingArrangments, a website which describes itself as connecting wealthy older men with “sugar babies.”
“You've been nothing but a gentleman while in this courtroom, but I am going to remand you,” Manhattan Supreme Court Justice Erika Edwards told Tripathy as she revoked the IT man's $750,00 bond and ordered him immediately jailed.
Defense attorney Frank Rothman said he intends to appeal the conviction, adding “obviously I wholeheartedly disagree with the verdict.”
“I think this verdict was based on the photographs, which don't tell the whole story of what this case is about,” Rothman said.
Jurors saw nearly a dozen horrifying photos of the woman taken at the hospital afterward, showing her swollen and bruised face, lips, and neck.
Tripathy took the stand last week to admit he'd punched her, but said it was only because she tried to extort him following a consensual sexual encounter.
He's scheduled to return to court July 18 for sentencing.
WASHINGTON — Retailers celebrated congressional Republicans' recent move to give up their pursuit of the border adjustment tax (BAT).
Prior to GOP leaders' announcement of the decision on July 27, retailers that receive many of the goods they sell from overseas had expressed concerns about the BAT, claiming that it would pass hefty costs on to ­consumers.
“We did a little happy dance over here,” said Michelle Ahl-mer, executive director of the Arizona Retailers Association, which fought the tax proposal. “There's no way for businesses to cover that cost,” she added, meaning that the BAT would have led to higher prices.
Before the decision, it looked as if retailers' fight against the BAT was heating up, with the National Retail Federation (NRF) even sending a letter to Congress titled “Congress Should Focus on Income Tax Reform, Not BAT.”
The border adjustment tax, originally introduced and backed by House Speaker Paul Ryan (R., Wis.), had since divided Republicans in Congress, and some of America's biggest retailers were looking to tear it apart. The proposal would have hiked prices of imported goods to the U.S.
“Today's update on the status of tax reform is very encouraging, particularly since the border adjustment tax is no longer under consideration,” NRF president Matthew Shay said in a statement at the time of the announcement. “By removing this costly element of reform, the way has been cleared for swift action on a middle-class tax cut that will put more money in the wallet of the American taxpayer.
“Changing our outdated tax code is fundamental if we are to grow our economy, encourage investment and create jobs.”
The National Association of Chain Drug Stores also commended congressional leaders and the White House for the decision to set aside consideration of a border adjustment tax.
“From the beginning of this debate, NACDS aligned with Americans for Affordable Products, given our strongest of concerns about the BAT,” said NACDS president and chief executive officer Steve Anderson. “We have urged our nation's leaders to set aside the BAT from a health and wellness perspective, from a total-store perspective, from a consumer perspective, from an employee perspective and from an employer perspective.
“From all of these viewpoints, we commend congressional leaders and the White House for listening to the concerns raised by NACDS, by Americans for Affordable Products and by many others, and for deciding to not pursue the BAT.”
Throughout the year, NACDS had articulated its position on the BAT in outreach to the Senate Finance Committee and to the House Ways and Means Committee, as well as through congressional meetings conducted by NACDS board members.
“With BAT out, Washington has an opportunity for the first time in more than a generation to pass a tax reform plan that boosts American businesses and family budgets,” Retail Industry Leaders Association president Sandy Kennedy added.
LOS ALTOS HILLS — It's not at all unusual this time of year for Palo Alto Animal Services to see an uptick in reports about snakes. Rising temperatures bring out the reptiles.
But one call Acting Superintendent Cody Macartney responded to Monday proved to be anything but typical.
We offer email newsletters for news, sports, entertainment and much more.
Check out the full list here and sign up!.
A homeowner in Los Altos Hills reported that he had what appeared to be a dead snake in the middle of his backyard. The thing hadn't moved in days, but he didn't want to get close enough to be sure.
Macartney, a veteran animal control officer, assessed the situation in a matter of seconds.
Like our Facebook page for more conversation and news coverage from the Bay Area and beyond.
The homeowner was right, Macartney said. There was a lifeless serpent on his property, and it wasn't just any snake, but a highly venomous cobra — made out of rubber.
“I picked it up with my bare hands much to the chagrin of the homeowner and told him it was fake,” Macartney said. “He asked if I was sure, and I said yes, and bent it into another position.”
Pet news, photos and more delivered to your inbox. Sign up now for the Pet Pal Connection newsletter!
The homeowner was at a loss to say from whence the sham snake had slithered and agreed to let Macartney take it with him.
“The poor guy was embarrassed,” Macartney said, “but at least we know he didn't have a dead cobra in his yard.”
Get top headlines in your inbox every afternoon. Get the free PM Report newsletter.
Cobras — the living kind — aren't native to North America, but the Bay Area is home to another poisonous serpent — the rattlesnake. And Macartney said his agency, which also covers Los Altos and Palo Alto, sees a rise in related calls when the weather warms up.
The harmless gopher snake, however, is often mistaken for a rattlesnake, and “99 percent” of the reports the agency responds to are for the former, Macartney said. But when it comes to the latter, animal control officers will only relocate those that pose an immediate threat by taking up residence on a pathway or inside a home or garage.
Get breaking news with our free mobile app. Get it from the Apple app store or the Google Play Store.
Rattlesnakes found in the wild are left alone, and Macartney advises others to do the same. On Sunday, a 79-year-old Sonoma County man was bitten twice by a young rattlesnake he mistook for a gopher snake while hiking at Mount Tamalpais, KTVU reported.
“Even if you think it might not be a rattlesnake,” Macartney said, “it's always better to keep your distance.”
This photograph was taken by Gordon Lockie this week back in 1993. He was on duty for The Southern, covering that year's Braw Lads' Gathering in Galashiels.
Braw Lad Graeme Howlieson and Braw Lass Morven Ramage led Gala Day commemorations, and the picture was taken at the ever-poignant mixing of the roses ceremony. It shows the red roses being presented to the Braw Lass by Louise Grattan, while in the background Bearer of the Stone, Colin Johnston, and Bearer of the White Roses, Michelle Lauder, await their turn.
Send us your old photographs, together with a brief caption and the year taken, to: southern-newsdesk@jpress.co.uk
Buhari Condemns Killing of Priests, Worshippers in Benue Church
President Muhammadu Buhari has described as vile and satanic the killing of worshippers and two priests at a Catholic church in Ukpor-Mbalom community in Gwer East Local Government Area of Benue State.
In a statement by the Special Adviser on Media and publicity, Femi Adesina, the President said “I extend my sincere condolences to the government and people of Benue State, the Mbalom community, and especially the Bishop, priests and members of the St Ignatius' Catholic Church, whose premises was the unfortunate venue of the heinous killings by gunmen.
“This latest assault on innocent persons is particularly despicable. Violating a place of worship, killing priests and worshippers is not only vile, evil and satanic, it is clearly calculated to stoke up religious conflict and plunge our communities into endless bloodletting,” the President said.
Stressing that the country will not bow to the machinations of evildoers, President Buhari vowed that the assailants would be hunted down and made to pay for the sacrilege committed.
_______
Follow us on Twitter at @thesignalng
Copyright 2018 SIGNAL. Permission to use portions of this article is granted provided appropriate credits are given to www.signalng.com and other relevant sources.
The post Buhari Condemns Killing of Priests, Worshippers in Benue Church appeared first on SIGNAL.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from SIGNAL. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Video
Paul Ridler recreates famous moments from football history out of old Subbuteo figures.
His creations include Diego Maradona's "hand of God", Eric Cantona's kung-fu kick and Paul Gascoigne's "dentist's chair" goal celebration.
The West Bromwich Albion fan was inspired after making one of his great grandfather Billy Bassett, the former Albion chairman and player.
According to Lebanon Assistant Fire Chief Jason Baird, the fire department got a call at about 4:30 p.m. regarding a garage at 306 W. Lester Ave. on fire. When firefighters arrived, they reported heavy fire conditions from a garage attached to a home.
The firefighters went in through the attic to try to stop the fire from spreading to the rest of the home. They were able to contain it to two rooms of the home, but there was smoke and water damage throughout.
While the firefighters checked to see if the fire had spread, they were able to salvage several of the homeowners' possessions.
Following an investigation, the fire was determined to be an accident. Baird said interviews and fire indicators pointed to an overloaded electrical outlet in the garage as the cause of the fire.
The homeowners were displaced by the fire, and American Red Cross workers were dispatched to help them.
Lebanon police, Wilson County Emergency Management Agency and Rehab 23 assisted the Lebanon firefighters in fighting the fire.
JERSEY CITY, NJ--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - Furnished Quarters, the leading provider of temporary furnished apartments in the Northeastern United States and beyond, is collaborating with animal welfare organization, Bideawee, to host a pet adoption event in Jersey City, New Jersey.
The event will take place at the entrance to the Grove PATH Station (PATH Plaza), just steps from Furnished Quarters' residences at apartment buildings Grove Pointe and Marbella. Meet adoptable dogs and cats of all ages and sizes on Thursday, April 27th from 4 to 7pm. Bideawee's Mobile Adoption Van will be on site for passersby or pet-seekers to get to know these adorable four-legged friends. There will be giveaways for both people and pets at this special community event.
"We have a company-wide appreciation for animals, inviting our guests to bring their beloved dogs and cats with them when they stay at our locations," said Steve Brown, CEO of Furnished Quarters. "That's why we are honored to work with Bideawee to help find welcoming homes for these pets with our guests and neighbors."
"Identifying great families for our pets is so important and we rely on adoption events to get the word out and find our rescue animals good homes," said Dolores Swirin-Yao, President/CEO of Bideawee. "We thank Furnished Quarters for their support and assistance with our upcoming adoption event. They clearly share our enthusiasm for rescuing animals!"
About Furnished Quarters
Furnished Quarters provides stylish, fully equipped temporary furnished apartments, both nationally and globally. The company, established in 1998 in New York City by brothers Steven and Gary Brown, is the largest independently owned and operated supplier of short-term housing in the Northeastern United States, with a focus on New York City and Boston. Corporate clients have one-call access to over 40,000 furnished rentals worldwide that are sourced, vetted and managed by Furnished Quarters' Global Solutions Center. Additionally, the company's Q&A Residential Hotel in Lower Manhattan offers hotel-style stays in full-sized apartments. Pets are welcome in most Furnished Quarters apartments, and at Q&A Hotel. For more information visit furnishedquarters.com.
About Bideawee
Bideawee, which means "stay awhile," in Scottish, is one of the country's oldest and most respected animal welfare and pet adoption organizations. Founded in 1903, Bideawee's mission is to be Greater New York's leader in rescuing, caring for, and placing homeless cats and dogs with people who love them. Bideawee provides an array of high touch services including adoption centers, animal hospitals, pet therapy programs, and pet memorial parks that serve pets and pet lovers on their lifelong journey together.
Bideawee is a not-for-profit 501(c) 3 humane animal organization and 100% of Bideawee's funding comes from private sources. Bideawee operates in New York City, Wantagh, and Westhampton. For more information, visit: bideawee.org.
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/4/17/11G135997/Images/FG_dog-77ab1eed9c8690bfa569b973582f879c.jpg
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
LEBANON, Mo. -- A Lee's Summit attorney has been found not guilty in a double murder trial where her father and his girlfriend were the victims. KMIZ/KQFX in Columbia says a jury in Laclede County returned a not guilty verdict for Susan Van Note on Tuesday.
William Van Note, 67, and 59-year-old Sharon Dickson were attacked late at night in October of 2010.
Susan Van Note had been charged with shooting her father and his girlfriend at a lake house in Camden County. Prosecutors unsuccessfully argued that Van Note forged her father's signature to have him taken off life support.
They alleged she wanted her father's millions, and was angry that Dickson was to get the bulk of his estate.
Van Note's first trial was declared a mistrial in June 2015 after it was reported that members of the jury pool discussed the case during a break, which went against instructions from the judge.
DAYTON, Ohio (WDTN) – A verdict was reached in the trial of a man accused of shooting his brother in church.Daniel Schooler took the stand in his own defense.
A Montgomery County jury found Daniel Schooler guilty of aggravated murder in the shooting and killing of his brother after church services at St. Perter's Baptist Church in 2016.
The jury found Schooler guilty of murder, felonious assault and weapons charges. The jury specified he was found guilty of purposeful murder and not the more serious charge of aggravated murder.
Daniel Schooler took the stand Wednesday and claimed self-defense. He said there was an ongoing dispute about money between him and his brother.
Schooler testified he was in fear for his life when he shot his brother twice inside the church. Schooler said he panicked and never call for help.
Schooler says after the shooting happened he put the gun down and left the office and sat in the sanctuary of the church.
He said he carried a gun for protection and did not plan to shoot his brother in the church.
Schooler will be sentenced on June 28.
Rivera tries out for the role of Anita, which was made famous by Rita Moreno.
“American Idol” has canceled auditions in Houston and San Antonio in the wake of Hurricane Harvey. ABC's rebooted singing competition — hosted by Ryan Seacrest — was scheduled to hold...
This week in the Big Brother House, Gifty, Marvis and TTT are all up for eviction and Nigerian comedian, Ali Baba is not happy. He feels the most interesting guy with more depth should not be up for eviction. In his words: ‘First of, I think the habit of voting for the person who you believe has an advantage in the house over you is not nice. I appreciate the issue of survival of the fittest
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) – A St. Paul man said he was high on cocaine at the time and has no recollection of an armed home invasion for which he now faces charges.
According to the criminal complaint, 22-year-old Robert Barrett faces two counts of first degree burglary, two counts of attempted aggravated robbery and two counts of second degree assault.
The invasion occurred just before 10 p.m. on Sept. 21 on the 1600 block of Maywood Street in St. Paul. A woman was washing dishes when a man entered her home, pointed a rifle at her and said “I want the money.”
Hearing the commotion, the woman's husband entered the kitchen and told the gunman there was money in a kitchen drawer. After searching the drawer, the gunman told the husband, “Stop stalling or I'm going to shoot you” and shot the floor.
The husband wrestled the rifle away from the man and struck him in the head with it. The man pleaded to be allowed to leave before grabbing the rifle. The fight continued outside before the man fled with the rifle. Two shots went off during the scuffle for the gun.
The couple's children, ages 2 and 5, were asleep in the home during the invasion.
The man took nothing from the home, but the husband did suffer a gunshot wound to the knee.
Three days later, an anonymous tipster told police Barrett recently suffered a head injury. The tipster said Barrett mentioned a gunshot and police linking him to a crime by DNA.
Both the husband and wife picked Barrett's photo out of an array. Police arrested Barrett on Oct. 5.
Barrett's mother said Barrett did come home with a head injury one night, but refused to go to the hospital.
In an interview with police, Barrett said he was high on cocaine at the time of the invasion and the evening was “a blur.” He said he remembered struggling with a man for a gun, but had no idea how he ended up in the couple's home, where he got the gun or what he did with it.
Tomatoes dominate greenhouse hort. in NL
Over 20% of the Netherlands' greenhouses are devoted to growing vine tomatoes, the national statistics office CBS said on Friday.
Some 16% are used to grow red bell peppers and 13% cucumbers, the CBS says. Much of the remainder is devoted to fruit and flowers. Some 1,250 companies are devoted to growing vegetables under glass.
In total, greenhouses cover some 4,400 hectares, of which most are Zuid Holland province.
08/14/2017 - DutchNews.nl
Nebraska lawmakers have advanced new rules to clarify how they will investigate allegations that members of the Legislature don't live in the districts they represent.
Senators gave the measure first-round approval on Friday with a 38-0 vote. The bill was inspired by a former legislative candidate's claims that state Sen. Ernie Chambers doesn't live in his north Omaha district.
John Sciara of Omaha challenged Chambers' residency after his failed attempt to defeat the longtime senator in the 2016 election. The case against Chambers was dismissed after a legislative committee concluded that Sciara's allegations weren't supported by evidence.
The bill seeks to answer many of the questions that were raised during the Legislature's review of the case.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
WASHINGTON (CBSMiami/CNN) – President Donald Trump signed a new act that he hopes will help keep terminal patients alive longer.
Trump signed the “Right to Try Act” Wednesday, a measure aimed at helping terminally ill patients access drug treatments that are yet to be fully approved by the Food and Drug Administration.
Trump, at a White House ceremony surrounded by patients and families who will be affected by the legislation, said his administration “worked hard on this” but said repeatedly he didn't understand why it hadn't been done before.
The bill will give terminally ill patients the right to seek drug treatments that remain in clinical trials and “have passed Phase 1 of the Food and Drug Administration's approval process” but have not been fully approved by the FDA. Some opponents of the bill argue that the legislation won't change much but could have a detrimental effect on how the FDA safeguards public health.
Trump said he thinks “hundreds of thousands” could be saved as a result of the legislation.
“With the passage of this bill, Americans will be able to seek cures,” Trump said adding they will finally be given “the right to try.”
“I would not be here today without the tireless efforts of dedicated members of Congress,” Trump said, specifically pointing out Sen. Ron Johnson, R-Wisconsin, Sen. Joe Donnelly, D-Indiana, Rep. Brian Fitzpatrick, R-Pennsylvania, and Rep. Michael Burgess, R-Texas.
“Thanks to you the countless American lives with ultimately be saved,” Trump said.
(© Copyright 2018 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company, contributed to this report)
The Nigerian Army last Wednesday flagged off its military operation code-named “Operation Crocodile Smile II” in the Niger Delta States of Rivers, Bayelsa, Delta, Akwa Ibom and Cross River, amidst opposition from leaders and stakeholders of the region.
According to the Deputy Director, Army Public Relations, Col. Aminu Iliyasu, the military operation was designed to avail troops the opportunity to sharpen their combat skills in the conduct of land-based and joint maritime operations.
“Besides imparting on the troops, the importance of equipment maintenance, reconnaissance, inter-service and inter-agency co-operation and effective application of the Nigerian Army Code, the exercise will enable them become relevant to their area of responsibility, among others,” the Army spokesman said.
During the exercise, Iliyasu said the soldiers will also provide medical care to host communities, quick impact project and conduct sanitation exercises and distribute materials to schools.
However, these noble military objectives of the exercise fly in the face of the deluge of criticisms that have trailed not only its predecessor, “Operation Crocodile Smile I”, but also “Operation Python Dance II”, a similar military operation launched in the South-East geo-political zone that has left in its trail torture, arson and death.
In Rivers and Delta States in particular, the sad memories of Operation Crocodile Smile I still linger in Bille and Ke communities where the troops destroyed houses and killed locals. In Gbaramatu Community, the entire community was sacked while the operation claimed the life of the community head.
In neighbouring Abia and Imo States, the gory details of the devastation, torture and death Operation Python Dance II left in its trail, are still unfolding.
It is against this sad commentary of the military operations that stakeholders have remained opposed to Operation Crocodile Smile II.
Stakeholders had argued that rather than float this second operation in the area, the Federal Government should develop the Niger Delta as no amount of militarisation of the region will stop the agitation or pacify the people. They argued that further militarisation of an environment already tensed and agitated would spark needless reactions and violence.
Last Tuesday, a coalition of Niger Delta groups accused President Muhammadu Buhari of a lack of commitment to peace in the area, arguing that “if the President is really committed to peace, the military would not be contemplating another phase of Operation Crocodile Smile in the Niger Delta”.
According to them, the “half-hearted” appreciation expressed by the President to the leadership of the communities was like deceiving them while asking the military high command to prepare for another military operation in the Niger Delta.
Like other stakeholders, we believe that the latest operation in the Niger Delta was ill-advised regardless of its amended mandate.
We believe also that one year after Pan Niger Delta Forum (PANDEF) visited Buhari which led to cessation of hostilities, the Federal Government ought to be making progress on consolidating the peace already achieved, instead of further militarising the region.
Indeed, the imbalances in the socio-economic fabric of the nation, which are reflected in under-development, deprivation, inequality, injustice, environmental degradation and agitations for resource control and devolution of powers cannot be resolved by military deployment or such military exercises as Operation Crocodile Smile.
We are surprised at the conciliatory template of the new Operation Crocodile Smile which emphasised troop fitness, adaptation to environment, core professional mandate and conduct of environmental sanitation exercises for the benefit of host communities as well as distribution of materials to schools. This is opposed to an earlier explanation from the military high command that the operations in all geo-political zones were to check violence, kidnapping, robbery and insecurity, among others.
Regardless of the toning down of Operation Crocodile Smile II, we insist that the current multiplicity of military operations around the country is a disincentive to the growth of our democracy and should be discouraged.
We therefore urge the Federal Government to, indeed, appreciate the elders of the South-South zone for their peace initiative and initiate positive response to issues presented to it to further de-escalate tension in the area.
A stitch in time, they say, saves nine.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- A new year means some new laws for Missouri residents.
In 2017 it is now legal to carry conceal without a permit and fighting in school can now land a student in serious legal trouble.
It is still illegal for students and teachers to bring guns into schools – only select teachers designated by the school district as school protection officers can carry a concealed weapon inside. But under the new law, teachers and students to keep a gun inside their car on school grounds – as long as they keep it hidden and don't take it out.
The new carry conceal also prevents gun owners from taking a weapon into a courthouse, a jail, police station, sports stadium, the airport, a casino or hospital.
Supporters believe relaxing the carry conceal laws will help prevent future shootings, while others fear it could lead to more violence.
"This is an advantage to people who suddenly pick up a stalker or other dangerous situation, they can carry until they can pick up a class," Kevin Jamieson, Weston Missouri Shooter's Alliance said.
"Do I think it would have a huge impact?" Kristy Baughman with the Rose Brooks Center asked. "I am not entirely sure about that. But what I know is any barrier we have to keep in place firearm out of the hands of an abuser, I want to keep it in place."
Another new law says students caught fighting or bullying in school could face felony charges.
In the past, besides facing a suspension from the school, students caught fighting could be charged with a misdemeanor. The punishment for a misdemeanor is light compared to a felony charge because now, students caught fighting could face up to four years in prison.
The new law will only apply to students over the age of 17 and right now, it's too early to tell if prosecutors will charge fighting students with felonies. But they at least now have that tool to protect students from bullies.
Also in 2017, you can now carry a small amount of marijuana with you. Those with no prior criminal record can carry up to ten grams of pot and not get in trouble with the law.
If you are caught with 10-to-35 grams of marijuana on you, it's now a misdemeanor and not a felony. Lawmakers lessened the punishment on marijuana to free up jail space for more serious offenders.
««« return to Daily Wine News index
St Hallett's single vineyard Shiraz
"At St Hallett in the Barossa Valley, the winemaking team sniffs, tastes and spits its way through each parcel from separate blocks or vineyards in recognised sub-regions of the entire Barossa Zone, from the Valley floor to the higher and cooler Eden Valley," writes Tony Love for The Source, SA.
With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy, it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry. But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone, consumers deci...
(AP Photo/Charles Rex Arbogast). The Blackstone Hotel sits on Michigan Avenue across the street from Chicago's Grant Park on Thursday, Oct. 5, 2017, in Chicago. Stephen Paddock, opened fire on an outdoor music concert on Sunday, Oct. 1, killing dozens ...
(AP Photo/Teresa Crawford). Chicago Police Bureau of Organized Crime Chief Anthony Riccio speaks at a news conference accompanied by Mayor Rahm Emanuel, Thursday, Oct. 5, 2017, in Chicago. Riccio says there will be "significantly" more undercover offic...
(AP Photo/John Locher). The marquee at the W Hotel shows a sign for the victims of a mass shooting on Wednesday, Oct. 4, 2017, in Las Vegas. Stephen Paddock opened fire on an outdoor music concert on Sunday killing dozens and injuring hundreds.
(AP Photo/Gregory Bull). Sherri Camperchioli helps set up some of the crosses that arrived in Las Vegas today to honor the victims of the mass shooting on Thursday, Oct. 5, 2017, in Las Vegas. A gunman opened fire on an outdoor music concert on Sunday ...
(Courtesy of Eric Paddock via AP). This undated photo provided by Eric Paddock shows his brother, Las Vegas gunman Stephen Paddock. On Sunday, Oct. 1, 2017, Stephen Paddock opened fire on the Route 91 Harvest Festival killing dozens and wounding hundre...
LAS VEGAS (AP) - The Latest on the mass shooting in Las Vegas (all times local):
7:15 a.m.
Boston Police Commissioner William Evans says authorities will step up security for concerts and sporting events in the city following the shooting in Las Vegas.
Officials have said there is no credible threat to Boston.
But Evans said the FBI told him Wednesday that agents turned up evidence that Las Vegas shooter Stephen Paddock researched sites in and around Fenway Park and the Boston Center for the Arts.
The Red Sox have said they're working with officials to beef up security.
Evans said security would be boosted for events including a Bruno Mars concert, a City Hall Plaza concert, road races and Red Sox games.
He says police also plan to meet with hotel officials in coming days to discuss ways for them to increase security.
___
12:13 a.m.
Australian police are assisting their U.S. counterparts on the investigation into Las Vegas shooter's girlfriend Marilou Danley.
The Australian Broadcasting Corporation reports that Philippines-born Danley became an Australian citizen after moving to the Gold Coast in Queensland state and marrying a local man. ABC says she lived there for some 10 years until the late 1980s.
Australian Federal Police Commissioner Andrew Colvin said Friday that as an Australian citizen, Danley was entitled to consular assistance.
Australian police and government officials have not elaborated on Danley's time or citizenship in Australia.
Colvin says the Australian authorities are "working very closely with our partners in the U.S."
Australia's foreign affairs department said Friday it is aware she is "a person of interest" and described her case as "a matter for U.S. law enforcement."
___
12:01 a.m.
Investigators are probing the Las Vegas gunman's interest in other music festivals in the months before he killed 58 people and injured nearly 500 at an outdoor country concert.
They say Stephen Paddock rented rooms in high-rises overlooking the Lollapalooza festival in Chicago in August and over the Life is Beautiful festival near the Vegas Strip in September. Boston police say Fenway Park has come up in the investigation, but didn't elaborate.
On Thursday night, thousands gathered in Las Vegas to honor one of the victims who was killed, Officer Charleston Hartfield.
Hartfield was also a husband and father of two, and an Iraq War veteran.
His friend Sgt. Ryan Fryman told the crowd Hartfield was "the greatest American I have ever known."
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
At the request of 13th District Attorney Bryant Dunaway, TBI agents began to investigate Dustin Rich, 30, on Oct. 6, 2017 on allegations of TennCare fraud. At that time, Rich was employed by a Clay County hospital as a physical therapist. During the investigation, agents discovered Rich created false documents and forged the signatures of the patient and/or guardian, which then resulted in TennCare fraudulently billed for the services. The investigation revealed from January until May 2017, Rich fabricated summary notes of therapy visits he did not complete and forged the signatures from his home in Overton County. Rich is no longer employed by the hospital.
On May 21, an Overton County grand jury returned indictments that charged Rich with four counts of forgery. On Friday, TBI agents arrested Rich. He was booked in at the Overton County Jail and released on his own recognizance.
Yahoo Reveals 2013 Breach Affected All 3 Billion User Accounts
Just how many Yahoo accounts were breached in 2013? All 2 billion of them, according to the latest update from the company, now rebranded as "Oath." That's nearly equal to half the people on Earth, although at least one IT security expert questions how many of those accounts represent unique users.
In December, six months before it was taken over by Verizon for $4.48 billion, Yahoo revealed that a data theft incident in 2013 had affected around 1 billion user accounts. However, a company announcement released yesterday disclosed that new intelligence indicates every Yahoo account that existed at the time was affected by the breach.
To protect themselves, Yahoo account users should change their passwords and security questions and consider using the password-free authentication tool Yahoo Account Key, the company said. Other experts have advised users to activate two-factor authentication, although they offer conflicting recommendations on whether users should delete their accounts, with some warning that those accounts could be recycled and made available to new users.
'New Intelligence' Reveals Event's Scope
Late last year, Yahoo disclosed that it had been hit by two major breaches in previous years: one in 2014 that affected around 500 million users, and the one in 2013 initially believed to have left 1 billion accounts vulnerable to theft of user names, email addresses, telephone numbers, dates of birth, and hashed passwords. The news briefly threatened Verizon's purchase plans, but the deal later went through for a reduced price. Since that acquisition closed in June, Yahoo has been merged with AOL, another Verizon property, to become Oath.
"Subsequent to Yahoo's acquisition by Verizon, and during integration, the company recently obtained new intelligence and now believes, following an investigation with the assistance of outside forensic experts, that all Yahoo user accounts were affected by the August 2013 theft," the company said in a statement yesterday.
Noting that it continues to work with law enforcement authorities regarding the breach, the company added that the 2013 incident "did not include passwords in clear text, payment card data, or bank account information."
All additional users affected are being notified via email that they must change their passwords. The company said it has also invalidated unencrypted security questions and answers so they can't be used to access accounts. Anyone with a Yahoo account should also watch for suspicious account activity, and monitor bank account information and credit reports, the company added.
'What a Disaster'
The scale of the Yahoo breach has gobsmacked much information security experts accustomed to regular reports of major hacks and breaches.
"It's a sorry state of affairs when I find myself more surprised that Yahoo had somehow amassed three billion user accounts by 2013 than the fact that they managed to lose control of their data," U.K.-based security expert Graham Cluley wrote today on his blog. "What a disaster."
Meanwhile, security writer Brian Krebs took to his blog today to criticize both Yahoo and credit bureau Equifax, which last month revealed that a hack had exposed the personal data of more than 143 million Americans (a number that was increased by 2.5 million earlier this week).
"To those still feeling left out by either company after this spate of bad news, I have only one thing to say (although I feel a bit like a broken record in repeating this): Assume you're compromised, and take steps accordingly," Krebs said in a post titled, "Fear Not: You, Too, Are a Cybercrime Victim."
"Unfortunately, Yahoo's cryptography practices are not unusual," Kevin Bocek, chief security strategist for the cybersecurity firm Venafi, said in a statement emailed to media outlets. "Undetected exfiltration of large amounts of data is a symptom of weak cryptography practices. We see this in nearly every major data breach."
Jay Kaplan, CEO of the cybersecurity company Synack and a former senior analyst with the U.S. National Security Agency, had even stronger words for such security lapses.
"Frankly, I don't know how Yahoo got away with this," Kaplan told The New York Times yesterday. "My guess is that Yahoo was completely 'owned' across the board."
Retweeting an Associated Press story on the breach yesterday, U.S. Rep. Ted Lieu (D., Calif.), who holds a degree in computer science, evoked Howard Baker's famous Watergate question by asking, "What did #Yahoo leadership know and when did they know it?"
Image credit: iStock.
A sign welcoming people to the Nevada town of Pahrump appears in this image from June 9, 2016. (Source: FOX5)
A violent hate group held a training camp outside of Pahrump earlier this year. The group is called Atomwaffen Division and they're a small white supremacist group that claims to be preparing for a race war.
Law enforcement said the group spent a couple of days camping in rural Nye County, training with weapons and making propaganda videos to recruit more members.
Police have connected this group to at least five murders around the country. The group is not very large. The Anti-Defamation League estimated they have about 20 different cells in the U.S., including a small one in Nevada.
Robert Futrell is the chair of UNLV's sociology department. He also co-authored the book "American Swastika: Inside the White Power Movement's Hidden Spaces of Hate."
“Atomwaffen is German for 'nuclear weapon' or 'to go nuclear,'” Dr. Futrell explained. “They are one of many neo-Nazi groups that have formed since the 1980s. They're particularly on the extremist side. They follow writings of James Mason, who, in the 1970s, was part of the American Nazi Party."
He said the group idolizes people like Charles Manson, Timothy McVeigh and Dylan Roof.
“They advocated for leaderless resistance, anti-government attitude, establishment of a fascist state,” Dr. Futrell said.
He said Atomwaffen Division, like many other current day white supremacist groups, are less up front about who they are.
“White supremacists; they carry a stigma in wider society and leaders have, over the last two decades, talked about growing hair out if you're neo-Nazi, skin head, covering up tattoos, getting education, getting good jobs, infiltrating institutions, not being out about who is a one is,” Dr. Futrell said.
He said they operate largely underground and talk about grand plans of destroying infrastructure and government.
“They connect on the internet, they connect across states, they have ways they connect face-to-face in localities of course, but their main public face was YouTube and the propaganda videos, they also started leafleting at various colleges and universities,” Dr. Futrell said.
He said “hate camps," like one that took place in rural Nye County, are a way for the group to bond. He said what draws people to join groups like this, in part, is the need for belonging.
Tony McAleer used to be a skinhead.
“It didn't happen overnight, neither coming in nor going out,” McAleer said. “When I was 10, I walked in on my dad with another woman and that really rocked my world, and that's when God fell off the pedestal and I was really angry and I felt betrayed and angry at all of the authority figures in my life.”
He said that anger eventually led him to join the White Power movement.
“It isn't really the ideology that pulls people in. I got a sense of power when I felt powerless,” McAleer said. “Someone asked me once, ‘You're such a nice guy, how did you lose your humanity?' I said, ‘I didn't lose it, I traded it for acceptance and approval until there was nothing left.'”
He said what turned his life around was connecting to another human being.
“The thing that changed it for me was finding myself in the delivery room when I was 23 and getting handed this beautiful little baby girl.”
He said he slowly started to pull away from the movement, but he still kept some of the same ideology.
“If I really wanna make a contribution to the white race, I'll focus on these two children and make sure they thrive and survive, and that's how I rationalized in my brain,” McAleer said.
It took befriending a Jewish counselor and coming clean about his neo-Nazi past for change to really take hold.
“In that moment, here's a man that loves me as a human being, wants to heal me, sees who little Tony is and wants to see the best in me, and here I am, shrinking in my chair in shame because I had once advocated for the annihilation of him and his people,” McAleer said.
“I'm shrinking in my chair in shame because I'd one advocated for the annihilation of him and his people”- a former white supremacist tells his story and gives insight into today's hate groups. His story tonight on @FOX5Vegas at 10 pic.twitter.com/D1Q9uOne0S — Kathleen Jacob FOX5 (@Kathleenjjacob) May 8, 2018
McAleer helped start a non-profit called Life After Hate. It's focused on helping people leave hate groups and changing their mindsets.
“There's exiting that happens all the time but it's complicated because depending on how deep you are in the culture it takes a while, and sometimes it never happens, sometimes you're always struggling with the tendencies to think in the ways that they did previously,” Dr. Futrell explained.
He said while people are leaving all the time, society should still be very aware.
“They go to the same schools, they shop at the same grocery stores, they are in our midst and this shouldn't be something that scares people but there is a normalized quality to their outward expression these days,” Dr. Futrell said. “It's a violent culture, fantastical visions racial genocide, most people don't engage in that violence. They talk about it, they claim to advocate for it, but they themselves typically won't.”
However, he said with any extremist group, there's bound to be people that spin out of control.
“As long as this culture persists we can be horrified when those things happen, but we shouldn't be surprised,” Dr. Futrell said.
The Nye County Sheriff's Office said they became aware of the training camp that took place after the fact. They said they got no calls from civilians about the group and law enforcement had no run-ins with them.
One of the members had a membership at Front Sight, which is a firearms training institute in Pahrump. The owner said as soon as he found out about the man's affiliation with the group, his membership was revoked for life.
For anyone interested in the non-profit, Life After Hate, and all of the work they do to combat hate groups and help people get out, here's a link to their website.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
ERIN, Wis. – First off, let's make one distinction very clear: The U.S. Open rough is not easy. Hitting it into the rough is not a good idea. There will be players who hit it into this rough, hack it out and make double bogey. A few will probably complain about it.
All that said, there's a narrative that has emerged since the start of U.S. Open week — fueled in large part by pro golfer Kevin Na's over-the-top Instagram rant about it — that the Erin Hills rough is impossible. That players who hit it into the rough have no chance of salvaging a score.
That part is simply not true.
Erin Hills is a great design course but the fescue is almost unplayable. BTW never found the ball. So don't hit it in there lol. straight hitters have a chance! #usopen #erinhills #mikedavis #lostball #usga A post shared by Kevin Na (@kevinna915) on Jun 11, 2017 at 10:24am PDT
The really gnarly stuff — the kind you see in Na's video above — was something of an accident. As Golfweek's Geoff Shackelford explains: The really heavy stuff was the result of overspray from sprinklers that were supposed to water only the fairway, not the rough. The ordinarily dry and wispy grass was transformed into thick, dense grass that was literally impossible to play out of.
. @ErinHillsGolf in amazing condition but irrigation overspray of first five yards of native rough will be @usopengolf lost ball problem. pic.twitter.com/Xrym38gRp9 — Geoff Shackelford (@GeoffShac) June 12, 2017
That's why the USGA made the smart decision to mow it down on Tuesday morning.
RIP @ErinHillsFescue. Some stars shine so bright they burn out before their time. #USOpen pic.twitter.com/rebmAjY37t — Joel Beall (@JoelMBeall) June 13, 2017
What's left is fescue as it's intended to be: Dry, wispy, patchy in areas. Here are a few pictures I snapped from the course on Wednesday:
Hitting into the rough isn't necessarily a hole-killer. Rather, it's a toss-up. Sometimes all players will be able to do is hack back into the fairway. Other times, they'll lie will be more than good enough to allow them to advance their ball up the fairway.
Those aren't odds players will want to get into a habit of playing, but at the very least, it's manageable.
FORSYTH, Georgia (41NBC/WMGT) – The family of eight-month-old Sanchez Dyron Ussery Jr. remembers him as full of laughter and smiles.
Joiyea Dumas, the boy's aunt, fought back tears as she talked about her nephew, who the Monroe County Sheriff's Office says died at the hands of his parents last week.
“He was a joyful baby, and every time you picked him up he'd jump in your lap,” Dumas said. “I can't believe he's gone; he's gone too soon, to be eight-months-old he hasn't even gotten to start life yet.”
Dumas is left to mourn Ussery Jr.'s passing with nothing but fond memories. She didn't want to discuss the investigation into her nephew's death but says she's praying and just trying to think about the good times.
“It's hard for me right now because I never knew one of my nephews would go out like that,” Dumas said. “We're trying to stay strong for the family and the baby because he wouldn't want us to cry, so we're just trying to take all of it in. We can't believe he's really gone.”
Cracks have emerged in the EU because of migration. And now there's pressure from the European Parliament to fix the broken asylum system, seen as one of the root causes of the bloc's problems.
"European citizens have shown us in the Eurobarometer that they want the EU to deliver on asylum and migration. Failure simply cannot be anymore an option," said Cecilia Wikström, a Swedish MEP.
Right now, the so-called Dublin regulations dictate that asylum requests are handled by the country where they're first claimed. This has been crippling the likes of Italy and Greece where migrants can be stuck for months.
So now there's a proposal on the table for a new compulsory quota mechanism to share the numbers, and to give applicants more flexibility in where they make applications.
But quotas have been knocked on the head in the past by countries such as Hungary and Poland.
As the same time, Bulgaria is calling for pre-Dublin checks to assess migrant eligibility - something the South sees as making the situation worse.
"A reform that exacerbates the disproportionate responsibility of countries of first arrival clearly is problematic because when there is a disproportionate responsibility for them, they have a a perverse incentive to keep the reception conditions so poor that people don't want to stay there," said Catherine Woollad, Secretary-General of the European Council on Refugees and Exiles.
There's pressure to find a solution before Austria gets the rotating presidency of the EU. It takes a hard line against migration.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI (CBSMiami) — Investigators have rundown more than one thousand leads trying to determine what motivated a wealthy retiree to murder 58 concert-goers and wound hundreds more in Las Vegas Sunday night.
“We will not stop – until we have the truth,” said FBI Special Agent in Charge Aaron Rouse.
The truth is elusive in this case. Stephen Paddock, 64, didn't leave a manifesto.
The high-stakes gambler was not down on his luck and investigators say finances were not a motivation in the attack.
Sources tell CBS News Paddock's arsenal of weapons was worth more than $50,000.
“These kinds of individuals don't do things randomly, and so this is a deliberate attack, a deliberate target, an intended outcome,” said former FBI Agent Erroll Southers.
Investigators say Paddock's girlfriend – Marilou Danley – continues to cooperate with the FBI.
Police are looking for anyone with information that might help the case.
“I am 100% confident that there was not a second shooter but I cannot give you the same level of confidence that nobody knew about this,” said Undersheriff Kevin McMahill with the Clark County Sheriff's Department.
While investigators are unraveling the mystery, the public is trying to heal.
“It's just awful what happened to these people. This country. We just gotta come together and find some peace,” said Mary Schneider who is visiting from New Jersey.
North Korea's Kim Yong Chol, center, leaves a hotel in New York, Wednesday, May 30, 2018. The senior North Korean official arrived in New York on Wednesday in the highest-level official visit to the United States in 18 years, as President Donald Trump and Kim Jong-un sought to salvage prospects for a high-stakes nuclear summit. Andres Kudacki AP Photo
Hacker Pleads Guilty to Yahoo Breach, Hit Half Billion Accounts
A Canadian man pleaded guilty Tuesday to charges stemming from a massive breach at Yahoo that authorities say was directed by two Russian intelligence agents and affected at least a half billion user accounts.
Karim Baratov appeared in a jail jumpsuit before a federal judge and entered the pleas to one count of conspiracy to commit computer fraud and abuse and eight counts of aggravated identity theft. He gave "yes" and "no" answers to questions from the judge about his pleas but said nothing more.
He is scheduled for sentencing on Feb. 20.
U.S. law enforcement officials call the 22-year-old Baratov a "hacker-for-hire" and say as part of his plea deal, he acknowledged hacking more than 11,000 webmail accounts on behalf of the Russian Federal Security Service, or FSB, and other customers from around 2010 until his March arrest.
Outside court Tuesday, Baratov's attorneys said their client hacked only eight accounts for the Russians and did not know that he was working for Russian agents connected to the Yahoo breach. Baratov was arrested in Hamilton, Ontario, and later agreed to forego an extradition hearing and face the U.S. charges.
"He's been transparent and forthright with the government since he got here," said one of his attorneys, Andrew Mancilla.
The Russian agents, Dmitry Dokuchaev and Igor Sushchin, used the information they stole from Yahoo to spy on Russian journalists, U.S. and Russian government officials and employees of financial services and other private businesses, according to prosecutors.
Dokuchaev, Sushchin and a third Russian national, Alexsey Belan, were also named in the indictment filed in February, though it's not clear whether they will ever set foot in an American courtroom since there's no extradition treaty with Russia.
Though the U.S. government had previously charged individual Russian hackers with cybercrime -- as well as hackers directly linked to the Chinese and Iranian governments -- this was the first criminal case to name as defendants sitting members of the FSB for hacking charges, the Justice Department said.
Yahoo user accounts began being compromised at least as early as 2014.
Dokuchaev and Sushchin turned to Baratov after learning that one of their targets had accounts at webmail providers other than Yahoo, prosecutors said.
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock/Artist's concept.
Rajinikanth's Kaala is arguably the biggest release of the year and has become the talk of the town, thanks to the Superstar's pan-India appeal. It is set to hit the screens on April 7, 2018. However, according to the latest reports, the film is unlikely to release in Karnataka because of Rajini's 'anti-Karnataka' remarks on the Cauvery issue. The film's Karnataka distributor recently told News 18 that he has 'voluntarily' decided against releasing Kaala in Karnataka.
"We held discussions with the film chamber. The chamber has asked all its members to not release the film in the state. We have voluntarily decided not to release the film considering the sentiments of the people in the state. From what we see, it doesn't look like this issue is going to be resolved before the movie releases," added the distributor.
Now, Rajinikanth has broken his silence on the matter. During an interaction with the media, 'Thalaiva' said he does not know why Kaala is being banned in Karnataka and added that the South India Film Chamber should look into the matter.
"I don't know the reason for that (film being banned)," he added.
This is a developing situation and it remains to be seen if Kaala is able to keep its date with the audience. The film has been directed by Pa Ranjith and features Rajini in the role of a gangster/don. Kaala also has Bollywood star Huma Qureshi and veteran actor Nana Patekar in key roles. The lovely lady will be playing Rajini's on-screen love interest while the Bommalattam actor will be essaying the role of a ruthless politician. Judging by the trailer, Patekar has a meaty role in Kaala and might give Rajini a run for his money.
Interestingly, Ranjith and Rajinikanth's Kabali had fared well at the box office. As such, fans have high expectations from Kaala. Let us hope that things get sorted out and Kaala turns out to be a commercial success.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
BEDMINSTER, N.J. (CBSMiami/AP) — Amid escalating tensions with North Korea, President Donald Trump is calling for a trade investigation of China for the alleged theft of American intellectual property and technology.
Trump is expected to sign an executive order Monday asking his trade office to consider the probe. In the midst of a 17-day vacation, Trump plans to leave his New Jersey golf club and return to Washington to sign the order.
There is no deadline for deciding if any investigation is necessary. Such an investigation easily could last a year.
In a phone call Friday, Trump praised Chinese President Xi Jinping for backing the recent U.N. vote to impose tougher sanctions on North Korea, and the leaders reaffirmed their commitment to a nuclear-free Korean Peninsula. But Trump also told Xi about the move toward a possible inquiry into China's trade practices, according to two U.S. officials familiar with that conversation. They were not authorized to publicly discuss the private call and spoke on condition of anonymity.
China announced Monday it will cut off imports of North Korean coal, iron and lead ore and other goods in three weeks under U.N. sanctions imposed against Pyongyang.
Trump wants government officials to look at Chinese practices that force American companies to share their intellectual property in order to gain access to the world's second-largest economy. Many U.S. businesses must create joint ventures with Chinese companies and turn over valuable technology assets, a practice that Washington says stifles U.S. economic growth.
Trump's action amounts to a request that his trade representative determine whether an investigation is needed under the Trade Act of 1974. If an investigation begins, the U.S. government could seek remedies either through or outside of the World Trade Organization.
While Beijing has promised to open more industries to foreign companies, it also has issued new rules on electric car manufacturing, data security, internet censorship and other fields.
An administration official who confirmed that Trump would sign the order contended it was unrelated to the showdown with North Korea. The official spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss the order before Trump's formal announcement.
As the crisis involving North Korea has unfolded, Trump has alternated praising China for its help and chiding it for not ratcheting up pressure on its Asian neighbor.
“I think China can do a lot more,” Trump told reporters Thursday. “And I think China will do a lot more.”
China, the isolated North's main trading partner, has been reluctant to push leader Kim Jong-un's regime too hard for fear it might collapse. But Beijing is increasingly frustrated with Pyongyang and supported a U.N. Security Council ban on Aug. 5 on coal and other key goods.
The Chinese customs agency said Monday that it will stop processing imports of North Korean coal, iron and lead ores and fish at midnight on Sept. 5.
“After that, entry of these goods will be prohibited,” said an agency statement.
Trump has escalated his harsh criticism of North Korea for days, tweeting Friday that the U.S. had military options “locked and loaded.” Xi, in his phone conversation with Trump, urged calm, the officials said.
Trump, in the past, has tied trade policy to national security, leading to speculation that raising the possibility of a probe — without committing to one — could be a negotiating tactic to get China to step up its assistance with North Korea.
The forced sharing of intellectual property with Chinese firms has been a long-standing concern of the U.S. business community, with reports suggesting that losses stemming from it could total hundreds of billions of dollars annually that cost the U.S. economy millions of jobs.
Trump has requested similar inquiries on trade, but the reports haven't been delivered on deadline. Trump made addressing the U.S. trade deficit with China a centerpiece of his campaign last year and has suggested raising tariffs on goods from China.
(© Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
How Jets turned 'short-yardage' play into their most fun one A flat-lining Jets offense found life Sunday afternoon when its running back chased the backup center down the field, all the way into the end zone. Bilal Powell woke up...
Jets angry after latest Bryce Petty tryout goes nowhere If the Jets-Chargers game was a Christmas present, you would return it. The Chargers topped the Jets 14-7 in a miserable Christmas Eve game at MetLife Stadium that featured 18...
Bilal Powell: Chargers coach showed me 'the ropes' Chargers coach Anthony Lynn knows Jets running back Bilal Powell very well. Lynn was the Jets' running backs coach when the team drafted Powell in 2011, and Lynn spent the...
Another crusher exposes the problem Todd Bowles can't solve The Jets suffered a crushing 35-27 loss to the Panthers on Sunday, their fifth loss in six games, which leaves them at 4-7. Here are some thoughts and observations from...
McCown, Peppers getting it done for NFL class of 2002 Ed Reed hasn't played football in four years. Jeremy Shockey and Albert Haynesworth haven't been on the field since 2011. Clinton Portis and Brian Westbrook haven't suited up since 2010....
These last six weeks will show Jets just what they're made of The Jets are either overachievers, a tease or a complete disaster depending on your point of view. For those who entered the season expecting a terrible season, but still rooting...
Matt Forte turned his complaint into a breakout game Matt Forte may know what he's talking about. Just four days after the Jets running back criticized the coaching staff for abandoning the run in their loss to the Falcons,...
Jets are showing kind of fight no one could have expected Eventually, perhaps, the Jets will run into a stretch of football season where they look as overmatched as they were supposed to be this whole time. Maybe they'll fall behind...
Jets report card: What a difference a few days make Grades from the Jets' 34-21 win over the Bills on Thursday: Offense The Jets controlled the game at the line of scrimmage, rushing for 194 yards against a Bills team...
About The Author
I am a Web Blogger Working for my Latest Websites and share my work to others to help for getting Full Version Free Software without any difficulty :)
Arizona power provider Salt River Project (SRP) has teamed up with energy company AES Corp to deliver a 10MW storage project in the US state.
The battery system, provided by AES and Siemens joint venture Fluence, will provide peaking capacity to inject power into the grid during high peak demand periods for SRP customers.
Related Stories Storage trio targets Asia-Pacific
29 May 2018
NextEra puts store in Arizona
17 May 2018 The project, to be built in Chandler, is part of an SRP initiative to learn more about grid-scale battery storage ahead of larger scale deployment in the future.
The storage system be charged by the former's distribution substation under a 20-year agreement.
“This project will allow SRP to continue meeting customer demands while also supporting the ongoing integration of renewable power sources,” said president of AES Southland Energy Ken Zagzebski.
Image: AES
AES has chosen Minnesota-headquartered Mortenson as the engineering, procurement, and construction partner for the project.
Fluence is a joint venture between AES and Siemens.
Image: AES
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
McCLOUTH, Kan. -- A metro teen is feeding her community one meal at a time.
Rising senior Sydny Murr hosted a community-wide meal packaging event after a leadership conference inspired her to do some good in her hometown, McClouth, Kansas.
"FFA has just been something I've grown up in. it's something I've enjoyed." Murr said.
You can call her a farm girl, but Murr just calls herself an ordinary student.
Her family's name runs deep in the farming and agriculture industry in Kansas. Sydny is a member of FFA, formally known as Future Farmers of America, and recently attended a national leadership conference in Washington D.C.
It was an experience she said changed her life.
"One thing we actually did there was we did a meal-packaging event, and we packaged 75,000 meals," the 17-year-old said.
Those meals helped people who would otherwise likely go without.
"I knew, looking back at my hometown, that I wanted to help people," Murr said.
She wanted to help in her community and didn't waste any time getting to work.
"After that day I just knew, I knew I had to bring it home. I even texted my adviser. I was like, Ms. Hinrichsen, we have to do this!' It was so cool," she said.
She brought it home indeed, hitting a home run, so to speak.
"It reaches in all of the small communities in northeast Kansas." said Pastor David Shrum with McLouth United Methodist Church.
Shrum called Sydny driven, saying the selfless teenager is making a big impact in the lives around her.
"She likes to do things that will benefit the people around her, the community," Shrum said.
Sydny connected with the Meals of Hope program, the same program she packaged meals for in Washington D.C. and got the ball rolling.
"I want to know that they're going to go home and know that they're going to have something to eat, just make sure their home life can improve a little bit," Murr said.
She was able to recruit a team to help her achieve her goal.
"One hundred volunteers for this event," Murr said.
But before she could host it, she had to get the financial backing. She and her friends set up fundraisers, doing everything from selling poinsettias to baked goods. Within a short amount of time, they reached their monetary goal.
"We raised $6,000 to pay for those meals." Murr said.
They were dry meals that the group assembled to distribute throughout the community.
"21,728 meals that day." Murr said.
Most of the meals went to the Kansas Food Bank. Others were dropped off at the Jefferson County Conservation District as well as some local churches.
Sydny plans to do it again next year.
"Things aren't always what they are, but it's what it can become," Murr said.
Sydny is also a 4-H member and is involved in basketball, volleyball, cross-country and softball. She one day hopes to become a veterinarian and own her own clinic.
If you know a young achiever who is 18 years old or younger and is doing exceptional things, FOX4 wants to hear from you. Nominate them here.
National leader of the Progressives Congress ( APC ) Bola Ahmed Tinubu has reacted to the launch of the Coalition for Nigeria championed by former President Olusegun Obasanjo. Tinubu stated that it was too early to respond to movement as every Ni...
LAKE TEXOMA – The spring is on its way and that means soon you'll be bringing out the flip-flops and headed to the lake.
But some new additions are in the works that lake goers and business owners alike hope will make a splash.
Hundreds of thousands of people visit Lake Texoma every summer, but it's some of the locals who spend every day on the waters who are the most excited about them.
“I think if it brings more people to the lake and generates more business, go for it,” said Randy Jackson, a fishing guide with Adventure Texoma.
The Army Corps of Engineers is considering the idea of leasing parts of North Island to potential businesses.
“We had a party that came to us that was interested in this and that's kind of where the idea initiated,” said Joe Custer, Lake Texoma Manager. “It would be more floating type facilities, possibly a floating restaurant; it could be beach facilities from lawn chairs to umbrellas and potentially boat rentals or jet-ski rentals.”
While this proposal is intriguing, it's not set in stone. Because the Corps is a federal agency, they have to go through a boatload of things from an environmental standpoint. This makes the odds of anything happening this recreation season unlikely, but most Texomans agree that as long as there's no harm, there's no foul.
All public concerns are due by March 24th and once they weigh the options, a final decision will probably be made by early April.
By Jason Keidel
Super Bowl LII
Philadelphia Eagles (15-3) vs. New England Patriots (15-3)
Sunday, February 4, 6:30 pm ET
One more game, the game, four quarters to distill six months and decide the winner of the NFL for the 2017 season. Super Bowl LII features the New England Patriots, the classic chalk and talk of football for the last 17 years, making a league-record 10th trip to the Super Bowl, and the eighth since Bill Belichick and Tom formed the most famous and successful HC-QB tandem in history.
The Pats play the Philadelphia Eagles, the ultimate upstart, faces covered with German Shepherd masks to remind us how long they've been overlooked and underdogs. They've long been a forlorn franchise, making its third trip to the Super Bowl, looking for their first Lombardi Trophy, and first NFL title since they beat Vince Lombardi, himself, in 1960.
First, the bad news for the underdog Eagles. The Pats under Brady and Belichick are 4-1 against the Eagles. The Pats have a combined 73 Super Bowls played among their players. The Eagles have eight. Tom Brady has thrown more playoff touchdowns (68) than Nick Foles has tossed in his entire career (61). The Pats have beaten every team not from the Meadowlands, and every QB not named Eli Manning.
>>MORE: NFL Playoffs: Super Bowl Picks
The good news for the Eagles is the NFL's leading passer is 0-5 when he reaches the Super Bowl. Brady led the league in passing yards in 2017. The other good news is of the Pats' prior seven Super Bowls this century, they opened none with a TD drive. In fact, Brady has yet to lead the Pats on a scoring drive of any kind in the first quarter of any of his Super Bowls. It belies their regular season efficiency, as the Patriots have scored a FG or TD in nine opening drives during the 2017 season, going 7-2 in those games. Just further proof the Super Bowl is exalted and accelerated, even for a veteran-hardened team like New England.
The bad news for the Eagles is the Patriots have scored 77 points combined in the fourth quarter and overtime during those games, which is why they've won five of seven, including that biblical comeback last year against Atlanta. The Pats have also toppled the Eagles in the Super Bowl, 13 years ago, a game the Eagles could have won but ran out of gas in the fourth quarter, which fueled some ugly postgame backbiting, led by Terrell Owens, who called out QB Donovan McNabb for coming up lame and sick, heaving and vomiting over the last few minutes of the game.
So as soon as the Eagles soothe their Super Bowl jitters — a very real thing, any player will tell you — the sooner they can get to putting it on the Pats, much the way Atlanta did last year, before forgetting they had the lead, the clock, and Devonta Freeman running the ball. The Eagles are aggressive on both sides of the ball. By any objective measure, they have a deeper and more talented roster, a better offensive and defensive line, and a better overall defense.
>>MORE: Keidel: Super Bowl 52, By The Numbers
The Patriots are five-point favorites for two reasons — Brady and Belichick — and their combined wisdom, experience, talent and temerity. On paper, the Eagles seem to have the edge. Of course, the Super Bowl is played on a football field, albeit and neutral field, not in theory or with computerized algorithms. Another level of New England's gridiron genius is their perseverance, patience, and absolute allergy to making big mistakes. Many times the Patriots win games just by making fewer errors. We've often heard that teams lose games more than win them, which has been the ultimate science behind the Patriots' playoff success.
If we look at the playoffs, no one can doubt that the Eagles have looked exponentially better. Philadelphia has put forward record-setting defense in January, top five all-time in average playoff points per game against a team in the Super Bowl era. The Eagles D has yielded 17 points so far in the postseason, averaging 8.5 points per game. Only the 2000 Giants and 2000 Ravens have been more stingy to this point than the 2017 Eagles.
Of course, the Pats are harder to kill than Michael Myers, Jason Voorhees, and Freddy Krueger combined. Even when you have the symbolic boot on their throat, you'd better grind until life leaves their eyes, there's no breathing, and no pulse. Just ask Atlanta. If the Eagles jump out front, they have the defense to make it stick, and Foles has proved he's got enough talent and temerity to avoid the big gaffe that felled the Seahawks and Falcons before them.
>>MORE: Commentary from CBS Local Sports Voices
This iteration of the Eagles may be more beloved than any in history. More than the Dick Vermeil squads, more than the Reggie White club, led by the ornery Buddy Ryan. This is not just the most cherished team, but also the best in franchise history. How many premature postmortems must we write about these Eagles before we finally realize they refuse to die?
Prediction: Eagles win, 26-24
Jason writes a weekly column for CBS Local Sports. He is a native New Yorker, sans the elitist sensibilities, and believes there's a world west of the Hudson River. A Yankees devotee and Steelers groupie, he has been scouring the forest of fertile NYC sports sections since the 1970s. He has written over 500 columns for WFAN/CBS NY, and also worked as a freelance writer for Sports Illustrated and Newsday subsidiary amNew York. He made his bones as a boxing writer, occasionally covering fights in Las Vegas, Atlantic City, but mostly inside Madison Square Garden. Follow him on Twitter @JasonKeidel.
Image copyright Getty Images
A town clerk who claims she was bullied by a small number of councillors is to leave her post, despite a unanimous vote of confidence passed in her.
Sarah Scourfield said she suffered bullying and harassment from a "small minority" of councillors on Pembroke Dock Town Council.
She said certain members sent her long e-mails "questioning the information she provided" as a clerk.
She plans to leave on 3 November.
Mrs Scourfield, who lives in the Pembrokeshire town, said the majority of councillors "were very supportive" but certain council members "questioned everything she did".
She said her experiences of "harassment and bullying" was "a big part of the reason she was leaving".
Tony Wilcox, a member of the town council, told BBC Wales he thought Mrs Scourfield "was doing a wonderful job" and some councillors engaged in "constant nit-picking".
Mrs Scourfield said she would leave despite the vote of confidence passed in her on Thursday as "she couldn't see the situation being resolved".
DOHUK, Northern Iraq (CNN) -- Could he help make Iraqi Kurdistan great again?
Some people here are so convinced he will that they are showing their love for Donald Trump in unusual ways.
One, Nadyar Zawiti, has jumped on the Trump train particularly enthusiastically, naming his fish restaurant in the northern Iraqi city of Dohuk after the US President-elect.
Zawiti heard Trump say during the campaign that he was a big fan of Kurdish forces, and called for the US to arm them in their fight against ISIS.
He's hoping the incoming president will make good on his promise -- so much so that he named his new restaurant Trump Fish.
"What I admire about Trump's personality," Zawite says, "is that he's decisive, he's tough, and hopefully with that toughness he'll finish ISIS off."
The restaurant's logo -- featuring San Diego Chargers-style lightning bolts where Trump's hair and eyebrows should be -- was taken from a 2015 Uproxx story that injected a Trump theme into the logo of every NFL team.
The restaurant sells "maskouf," Iraq's national dish of oily carp cooked over an open fire.
Nadyar shrugs off Trump's controversial pledge to ban all Muslims from entering the US as mere campaign rhetoric.
He even hopes to someday open a branch of Trump Fish near the White House -- if Trump will invite him in, that is.
He's not the only dedicated fan of the President-elect to be found in the region.
Hassan Jamil, a Peshmerga fighter on leave, even named his newborn baby Trump Hassan Jamil.
Of the unusual choice of moniker bestowed on the three-week-old, Jamil explained: "I called him Trump because he is charismatic and has clear policies and that's why he won the election."
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
LeBron James has played in more consecutive NBA Finals than anyone since Bill Russell retired — except for James Jones.
Jones is that guy on the Cavaliers' bench. Before that, he was that guy on the Heat's bench. But that's not really fair to the 14-season NBA veteran, who is a career 40.1% 3-point shooter (39th all-time) and has 546 more career postseason points than you or me.
LeBron loves Jones, so much so that he was the only other Heat player brought over to the Cavs in 2014. He knows he can count on him to do his part when called upon — Jones stepped up when Kevin Love went down in the 2015 postseason — and to be a supportive, helpful veteran in practice and the locker room otherwise. If it's tough to put a value on that kind of role player, rest assured that three championship rings don't hurt.
Jones knows everything LeBron has done to help him, on and off the court. That's why he was so gracious when asked — along with teammates of the other primary candidates — to discuss LeBron's MVP chances amid this year's tense race. One part of that conversation that didn't make it into that article was Jones' explanation of what it's like to be a role player next to LeBron James. Here's his answer to that question, in full:
“It's a combination of things. It's a two-way street. If you look at what Channing Frye does, and Richard (Jefferson) and all of our role players, who they are and what their strengths are, LeBron allows that to happen because of his versatility. And because he's such a willing player, because he's willing to forego scoring extra points and willing to make the hockey assist, we appreciate that and understand that. And we're willing to narrow our scope. “Every player in this league gets to this level because they're extremely talented, just super-talented. And rarely can we make it to this level just being specialists. But when you're playing with someone like LeBron, you have to specialize. Your ability to specialize allows him to be Mr. Everything. Your willingness to be a specialist allows him to dominate. “We always talk about, on this team, about pride and ego and checking it at the door. As great as he is, he's one of few examples of the world's best player in any sport dealing with his pride and ego. His pride, his ego, he could easily go out and lead the league in triple-doubles every night. But his pride is about winning and making sure that his teammates are successful. So his only thought in every situation is, ‘How can I make these guys better? How can I take these guys to the promised land? How can I make these guys champions?' The rest of his game flows from there. “He's unique in that regard. As much as people say you have to fit around LeBron, here you just give LeBron pieces. Then he'll fit and mold his game to those pieces.”
From a basketball perspective, this answer is fascinating. Jones explains that players such as himself and Jefferson and Frye are able to embrace their strong suits and avoid their weaknesses because LeBron is capable of filling any gaps in their games. On a team of shooters like this one, LeBron is a playmaker. On a team of defenders — his previous Cavs teams — LeBron handles the offense. On a team of other stars such as Team USA, LeBron plays lock-down defense and makes sure everyone gets their touches.
LeBron himself has discussed these abilities, albeit in more modest terms. He wants his teammates to be able to focus on what makes them special individually. This season has been a challenge in that regard, thanks to a glut of injuries. But those innate qualities do kind of explain why the Cavs are so awful every time he leaves the court: They have tailored their games to playing with the best player in the world.
Can you blame them?
Apart from being an actor par excellence and a big superstar, Mammootty is also undoubtedly the most stylish star that the Malayalam film industry has ever seen. His style quotient is hard to be matched and many a time, he has given even the youngsters, a run for their money.
Well, Mammootty's craze for gadgets and vehicles, is also well-known. Especially, it is quite known to many that the much loved star of Mollywod is hugely fond of cars. There have been umpteen number of instances in films from the past wherein Mammootty was seen riding stylish cars and bikes.
Now, videos and pictures of Mammootty riding a superbike, has taken the social media by storm. Interestingly, it was in Kaloor that the Megastar was spotted riding the limited edition BMW superbike, and it has to be said that the Megastar looked as stylish as ever this time too. The photos and the videos associated with this have turned out to be hugely popular on social media and Mammootty has once again proved that he is truly the stylish star of Mollywood.
Meanwhile, reports have surfaced that, the same was in connection with the shoot of his upcoming film Oru Kuttanadan Blog, which is being directed by popular scenarist Sethu. In the film which is touted to be a light-hearted family entertainer, Mammootty will be seen playing a character named Hari.
OAKVILLE, ON--(Marketwired - October 06, 2017) - As Canadians gather to celebrate the Thanksgiving holiday, MADD Canada and Allstate Insurance Company of Canada are asking everyone to protect themselves and one another against impaired driving.
"Please arrange a sober ride home if you are going to be drinking or consuming drugs this holiday weekend," said MADD Canada National President Patricia Hynes-Coates. "Driving while impaired is never worth the risk to you, your passengers or others sharing the road with you."
Every day, on average, four people are killed and 175 are injured in crashes involving alcohol and/or drugs. MADD Canada, its volunteers across the country, community partners and corporate sponsors such as Allstate Canada, encourage Canadians to protect themselves and one another:
don't drive impaired;
don't ride with drivers who are impaired;
if you see a driver you suspect is impaired, call 911 and report it to police.
"The hundreds of deaths and tens of thousands of injuries caused each year by impaired driving are completely preventable," said Allstate Insurance Company of Canada President and CEO Ryan Michel. "Allstate Canada and our Agents join MADD Canada in urging Canadians to help keep our roads safe from impaired driving by planning ahead for a sober ride home."
However you are celebrating the long weekend, make a sober ride home your priority. Call an Uber or a cab, arrange a designated driver, take public transit or stay the night. Revelers looking for a safe, sober and reliable ride home at the push of a button can check out Uber, MADD Canada's Official Designated Driving App. Visit https://www.uber.com/partner/en-ca/madd-canada/ for more information.
About MADD Canada
MADD Canada (Mothers Against Drunk Driving) is a national, charitable organization that is committed to stopping impaired driving and supporting the victims of this violent crime. With volunteer-driven groups in more than 100 communities across Canada, MADD Canada aims to offer support services to victims, heighten awareness of the dangers of impaired driving and save lives and prevent injuries on our roads. To learn more, visit www.madd.ca.
About Allstate Insurance Company of Canada
Allstate Insurance Company of Canada is one of the country's leading producers and distributors of home and auto insurance products, serving Canadians since 1953. The company strives to keep its customers in "Good Hands®" as well as its employees, and has been listed five years in a row on the Best Employers in Canada list. Allstate Canada is committed to making a positive difference in the communities in which it operates and has partnered with organizations such as MADD Canada, United Way and Junior Achievement. To learn more about Allstate Canada, visit www.allstate.ca.
IRVINE, CA--(Marketwired - Oct 6, 2017) - UA Multimedia, Inc. ( OTC : UAMM), is pleased to announce that the Company has successfully launched its new online service finder portal, Cannaxa.com. The platform, covering the medical and recreational cannabis markets, provides an efficient way for businesses to connect to service providers.
Cannaxa serves as a central database for all service providers in the cannabis industry. Designed mainly as a subscriber based B2B platform, the venues primarily caters to two groups of users, seekers and providers of services.
Registered service providers will be listed in a searchable directory. They can also receive a notification each time a client specifies a need for their services. The initial version will only support simple search and notification via service category match. Subsequent version of the platform will allow users to specify in details each task thus enabling the platform to match it with the best service providers.
Additional feature of the platform include job posting. This will allow companies to retain service providers as job specific contractors or employees on a part-time or full-time basis.
The portal will initially forgo charging users for all listings until December 31, 2017. The platform will ultimately charge a basic or premium listing fee for all registered service providers and job listings.
"The cannabis industry has been growing at a rapid pace. At the same time, it is very fragmented. Cannaxa will help centralize the resources in a single portal where businesses can come to find the best resources they need to grow," commented Lou Klein, Chief Executive Officer. "As a registered service provider, the platform provides increased exposure and leads which often result in additional sales," added Klein.
Due to the competitive nature of the growth equipment, UA Multimedia is phasing out this segment of the business. The Company has nearly sold out its initial inventory and adjusted its focus to be a solution provider of cannabis ancillary products and services with an emphasis on technology. Its recently launched platform MJCircle.com serves as a venue allowing all businesses and individuals to advertise their products and services as well as posting jobs related to the cannabis markets. Set up similar to Craigslist, the portal is a central location for everyone to post jobs, items for sale, services offered or upcoming events.
About UA Multimedia, Inc.
UA Multimedia, Inc. is a solution provider of cannabis ancillary products and services with an emphasis on technology. The Company currently own and maintains MJCircle.com, a classified ads portal and Cannaxa.com, a service finder portal.
Company website: http://www.uammedia.com
Cannabis classified ads website: http://www.mjcircle.com
Cannabis service finder website: http://www.cannaxa.com
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/uammedia, https://www.facebook.com/mjcircleads, https://www.facebook.com/cannaxa, https://www.facebook.com/cannamedi
Forward Looking Statements:
This release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27a of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and section 21e of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Those statements include the intent, belief or current expectations of the company and its management team. Some or all of the events or results anticipated by these forward-looking statements may not occur. Prospective investors are cautioned that any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, and that actual results may differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. Accomplishing the strategy described herein is significantly dependent upon numerous factors, many that are not in management's control. UA Multimedia, Inc. does not undertake any duty nor does it intend to update the results of these forward-looking statements.
It's finally happened! After months of speculations and rumours, one of the most happening couples of the town- Virat Kohli and Anushka Sharma finally tied the knot this morning in a hush-hush ceremony in Italy.
Few hours back, the duo took to their Twitter to share a picture from their D-day along with an official announcement. Meanwhile, we came across a few pictures from their mehendi ceremony. Have a look at them here...
Mehendi Hai Rachne Waali The couple is seen here flaunting some beautiful mehendi pattern on their palms. Suno Naa Anushka! We wonder what's Virat whispering into his lady love's ears! Ahem, ahem... Posers The lovebirds pose for a picture with their near and dear ones! One More Click The smile on Virat and Anushka's face says it all. Virat's Haldi Ceremony 'Dulha' Virat gears up to look his glowing best on his D-day!
Check out a video here...
Haldi❤ #ViratKohli #AnushkaSharma #virushka @virat.kohli @anushkasharma @sportconvo @allaboutvirat A post shared by Priyanka Kaushik (@priyanka.kaushik18) on Dec 11, 2017 at 8:49am PST
Watch out this space for all the latest updates.
Breast cancer is the most common cancer in women in Northern Ireland – on average every year 1,333 are diagnosed and 310 lose their lives,
To mark the importance of Breast Cancer Awareness Month, Northern Ireland will join the rest of the UK in holding dozens of events which will help raise vital funds for groundbreaking local research.
West Coast Cooler Belfast Fashion Week (Credit: Brendan Gallagher)
The Outlet is supporting Banbridge Action Cancer Fundraising Group's Paint the Town Pink charity event on Saturday October 14, with a range of on-site activities including a raffle, face painting and appearances from family favourite superheroes Spider-Man and Batman.
The action packed day of fun boasts a programme of entertainment on site with all proceeds going to Action Cancer, which will include in-store offers, luxury hamper raffles, facepainting, a penalty shoot out plus music from Alice Millar and James Taffee.
Chris Glover, who works in the Marketing Department at The Outlet, explained, “Pauline Tipping, the Retail Operations Manager, has done such an excellent job arranging this event, working with Action Cancer and Paint the Town Pink for the second year running.
“Everything we are putting on is free and lasts all day, and loads of our stores are putting on extra discounts. Tickets for a chance to win one of our five luxury hampers (which have a retail value of up to £500) cost £1, with all of the sales going towards Action Cancer.
Photo from #WCCBFW launch. Director of West Coast Cooler Belfast Fashion Week, Cathy Martin, is a passionate supporter of breast cancer awareness and is hosting Style Sunday this October 29 in support of Action Cancer - where there will be catwalk looks and makeup tips from Illamasqua.
“The Outlet wanted to get involved after Paint the Town Pink transformed the town into such a fantastic community event which sees everyone getting involved and showing such amazing support. We knew we had to help out and we can't wait to do it all again this year!
“We have all known somebody - whether it is a relative or a friend - who has been affected by cancer. I myself lost my grandmother to cancer when I was 10, and I think having such a large scale event promoting the awareness of it, just brings it home to everyone to get checked. The earlier you detect breast cancer the quicker you can get treatment and hopefully make that transition to getting better again.
“Unfortunately my grandmother passed away because it was detected too late. That was sadly because as she was older, she simply wasn't aware of the signs and didn't have the information to get checked. Putting on events like this and getting the awareness out there really helps put it to the forefront of people's minds.”
Anne Hume became a member of the local Banbridge Action Cancer Group in 1986 after her mother tragically lost her fight against breast cancer at the age of 52 in 1985, “The idea of Paint the Town Pink actually came to me in a ‘light bulb' moment four years ago.
“I saw coverage of the Italian cycling race Giro d'Italia. It showed pictures of various items that had been painted pink for the race here in Northern Ireland and I thought instantly that we should, could decorate our town pink for breast cancer awareness month and call it Paint the Town Pink - and so the process began.
“We wrote to every business in Banbridge and got them all onboard. We asked them to decorate their windows in pink and we had a Best Pink Window Display competition. We had musicians on the street, a pop up shop, and a Pink Walk followed by a coffee morning. In the first year we raised £14k in Banbridge in one weekend.
“Action Cancer were so impressed with the event that they decided to roll it out across the province and introduce it to other towns.
“Over the past three years Banbridge Action Cancer has raised a massive £74k through Paint the Town Pink alone. This year we would like to see that figure increased to £100k.
“Anyone interested in getting involved in Paint the Town Pink should contact head office on 90803344 for further details.”
Pretty ‘n' Pink, one of Northern Ireland's leading breast cancer charities, will also be holding a series of events throughout October including the Annual Gala Ballon Saturday, October 14 in the Clayton Hotel, Belfast. Visit prettynpink.org for more information.
Meanwhile Cathy Martin, Director of West Coast Cooler Belfast Fashion Week, is also a big advocate of breast cancer awareness in Northern Ireland and on Sunday, October 29 from 2pm - 5pm is hosting a four course fashion luncheon including runway shows and makeup tips from Illamasqua in support of Action Cancer. Visit belfastfashionweek.com for the full schedule of shows.
U.S. Investors Just Gave Up on the Bull Market
Call it retail investor capitulation.
The net share of Americans who expect U.S. stocks to rise over the next year fell below zero for the first time since November 2016 -- the month of Donald Trump's shock election -- according to the Conference Board's April survey. That means that more people think the market will go down than up over a 12-month horizon.
It's also the largest negative three-month swing since August 2011, which followed the debt-ceiling drama that sparked a downgrade of the U.S. credit rating.
Neil Dutta, head of U.S. economics at Renaissance Macro Research, flagged the retreat as a contrarian indicator for investors.
“No bulls here,” he said. “It's OK to buy stocks.”
WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange has offered to prove that Russia didn't leak the e-mails of the Democratic National Committee last year. But he wants a deal — a pardon — for spilling the beans.
There is absolutely no reason that President Trump shouldn't take him up on the offer.
WikiLeaks published hundreds of thousands of DNC e-mails, as well as ones from the computer of campaign head John Podesta and others. If the Russians didn't hack the DNC computers and release the e-mails, then someone else did.
And the best candidate for the role of leaker is someone inside the DNC — perhaps a supporter of Bernie Sanders who felt his candidate wasn't getting a fair shake.
This would change history and render moot any investigation of the Trump administration, except where it pertains to the much less serious allegation of obstruction of justice. I say lesser allegation, because it would involve obstruction of justice for a crime (the Russian hacking) that didn't happen.
Here's my best educated guess on the whole thing: A very good source of mine says the Russians stole Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton's e-mails, but never released them, while someone inside the DNC was responsible for making the e-mails of Podesta and other Democrats public.
What's the bigger effect of all this? Well, all else being equal — and it never is in the Trump administration — this would remove a cloud over the president and strengthen his hand in tax reform, ObamaCare repeal and lots of other things.
The financial markets would like that.
Trump should take Assange up on his offer.
Lt. Col. Jim D. Henderson served as master of ceremonies for the last time during the event.
“This will be my last program that I do. I've been doing it since 1994 and it's time to turn it over to someone else. It's been a total labor of love for me these years. This is all for the veterans and I really appreciate everyone involved,” Henderson said.
The event included a posting of the colors and flags from military organizations, the national anthem sung by Watertown High School a cappella trio Meaghan Nix, Mikayla Nix and Bethany Luttrell, recognition of Gold Star Families, a word from guest speaker Bob Haley and a laying of wreaths to honor local military personnel who lost their lives while serving.
Former Lebanon mayor Don Fox was unable to give his address due to sickness.
Has the world gone mad? Two teenage babysitters posted video as they placed a seven month old baby in a fridge while the mother was taking a shower. ...
Video
Stormzy's Merky Festival has been going on in Ibiza, but the MC stopped his headline set on Tuesday night - to watch England's penalty shootout against Colombia.
It's fair to say the reaction was pretty wild.
Follow Newsbeat on Instagram, Facebook and Twitter.
Listen to Newsbeat live at 12:45 and 17:45 every weekday on BBC Radio 1 and 1Xtra - if you miss us you can listen back here.
English 🇬🇧: Real Madrid has agreed a 272M € deal for Mbappé. They will pay the transfer in 4 payments.— Baptiste Ripart (@RipartBaptiste) July 3, 2018
Kaspersky Lab Challenges Homeland Security Software Ban
Kaspersky Lab, a Moscow-based software vendor accused of keeping close ties to the Russian government, has asked a D.C. federal court judge to block a Department of Homeland Security directive prohibiting U.S. agencies from using its products.
Attorneys for Kaspersky filed a motion for a preliminary injunction Wednesday that would put a pause on the government-wide ban, Binding Operational Directive 17-01, despite security concerns raised by reports concerning the company's alleged connections with Russian intelligence.
Issued in September, the BOD gave government agencies 90 days to identify and eliminate the presence of any Kaspersky products, significantly disrupting the company's presence in the U.S. market.
"DHS did not provide Plaintiffs prior notice of the BOD, nor a prior opportunity to contest the purported evidence underlying it," attorney Ryan Fayhee wrote in the motion this week, filed as part of a federal lawsuit initiated by Kaspersky in D.C. federal court last month.
"Plaintiffs filed this action seeking rescission of the BOD, and now move for a preliminary injunction to stem the continuing significant damage to Kaspersky Lab's reputation and the loss of sales resulting from the BOD," Mr. Fayhee wrote.
The directive had "an immediate and profound effect" on Kaspersky, "not only precluding their ability to do business with the U.S. Government, but also significantly damaging Plaintiffs' reputation and consequently their commercial and consumer business," he wrote.
Specifically retail sales of Kaspersky products in the U.S. dropped by 61 percent during the fourth quarter of 2017, and that returns of Kaspersky products during that same span increased nearly 2,300 percent relative to one year earlier, its attorney claimed.
"This debarment violated Plaintiffs' Fifth Amendment rights, by depriving Kaspersky Lab of a constitutionally protected liberty interest without due process of law, and therefore should not withstand Administrative Procedure Act ('APA') review.," Mr. Fayhee wrote. "At the very least, the Fifth Amendment required DHS to give Plaintiffs notice and a meaningful opportunity to contest DHS's 'evidence' before issuance of the BOD. No such notice or opportunity was afforded to Plaintiffs."
A representative for the Department of Justice, which is representing DHS in the case, declined to comment when reached by The Times, citing active litigation.
In issuing the directive Sept. 13, DHS said it was "concerned about the ties between certain Kaspersky officials and Russian intelligence and other government agencies, and requirements under Russian law that allow Russian intelligence agencies to request or compel assistance from Kaspersky and to intercept communications transiting Russian networks.
"The risk that the Russian government, whether acting on its own or in collaboration with Kaspersky, could capitalize on access provided by Kaspersky products to compromise federal information and information systems directly implicates U.S. national security," DHS said.
State-sponsored hackers exploited Kaspersky antivirus to conduct espionage on behalf of Russia, according to subsequent media reports. Kaspersky has repeatedly denied being in cahoots with Russian intelligence.
© 2018 Washington Times under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: Kaspersky Labs.
Donald Trump on Monday decried Chicago's astronomical murder rate — and offered help from the federal government to get it under control.
“Chicago murder rate is record setting – 4,331 shooting victims with 762 murders in 2016. If Mayor can't do it he must ask for Federal help!” Trump tweeted.
The Chicago police department says there were 762 homicides in 2016.
But the Chicago Tribune, using its own calculations, said there were actually there were 781.
Regardless, it's the highest number of homicides in the city since 1996, when 796 were recorded.
In fact, Chicago had more murders than New York City and Los Angeles combined.
In New York, there were 334 homicides in 2016. And in Los Angeles, there were 294.
Trump's tweet was a direct dig at the mayor of Chicago, Rahm Emanuel, a former aide to Presidents Bill Clinton and Barack Obama.
Trump met with Emanuel on Dec. 7, 2016 at Trump Tower.
The president-elect and Chicago mayor discussed White House operations, immigration, transportation, economic opportunity and community colleges, Emanuel told reporters after the meeting.
It's unclear whether Trump and Emanuel discussed the murder rate in Chicago.
A mobile app for pancreatic cancer patients, a data exchange to help beat diabetes, an online health education platform and a secure messaging solution to communicate between aged care homes and GPs are among 15 projects being given early access to existing My Health Records in a government backed ‘test beds' program.
The projects are being run by universities, patient advocacy groups, health tech firms and hospitals between them sharing $8.5 million in funding.
As of last month 5.89 million Australians have registered for a My Health Record, as well as 12,763 healthcare organisations including general practices, hospitals, pharmacies and aged care services. More than 20 million prescription and dispense records have been uploaded. Only consenting My Health Record holders will participate in the trials.
The aim of the initiative is for proposed uses of the Health Records to be “rigorously reviewed and then scaled nationally”.
In one trial Eastern Health in Melbourne, Monash University, Pharmaceutical Society of Australia, Deakin University and the Pharmacy Guild of Australia will develop a program to increase the engagement between discharged patients and their community pharmacist and use My Health Record data to “help patients with their medicines in the transition from hospital to home”.
More than 290 community pharmacies and 5,000 patients will be involved.
“We know when patients leave hospital on new medications they can find it confusing knowing how much to take and when. Every year almost a quarter of a million Australians will be hospitalised from medication errors, which is more than the number hospitalised from car accidents,” a spokesperson for the Australian Digital Health Agency, the system operator of My Health Record, said.
“This program aims to reduce unplanned and early readmission to hospital due to medication errors while utilising evidence based research,” they added.
Avoiding medication errors and adverse reactions, is also a focus of the government backed Digital Health Cooperative Research Centre (CRC) which launched in April.
In another ‘test bed' trial, Darling Downs and West Moreton Primary Health Network is partnering with the University of Queensland and West Moreton Hospital and Health Service to use the My Health Record to develop a coordinated information transfer and patient journey for prisoners released from incarceration. The aim is to ensure former prisoners can maintain and continue their access to healthcare when back in the community.
44 actions by 2022
The government today released its National Digital Health Strategy and an accompanying implementation plan Framework for Action.
The framework outlines 44 activities prioritised for delivery by 2022, covering My Health Record, secure messaging of health information, improving the quality of health data, improving access to medicines information, enhancing models of care, educating healthcare providers on using digital health technologies and ‘driving innovation'.
The top priority for the Australian Digital Health Agency is to ensure the widespread adoption of My Health Record.
Australians will have three months from mid-July to opt out of having a My Health Record automatically created for them. After the opt-out deadline has passed the record cannot be deleted, only made “unavailable” to health providers and individuals, the Department of Health revealed last year.
The decision to shift to an opt-out model in order to boost uptake of the eHealth record followed trials in Queensland and New South Wales. Those trials were staged in the wake of a 2013 review of the system – originally named the Personally Controlled Electronic Health Record (PCEHR) – that concluded the system should shift to an opt-out approach.
The 2017-18 federal budget earmarked $374.2 million over two years for the expansion of the system as it moved away from opt-in.
“My Health Record will help save and protect lives, and it will offer increasing clinical utility in our health system in the future,” said Minister for Health Greg Hunt in a statement today.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
ORLANDO (CBSMiami/CNN) – One of the world's most listened to pop groups is taking a little me time.
Fifth Harmony is going on hiatus to allow members to “pursue solo endeavors.”
The singing group announced the conscious uncoupling on Monday.
“After six years going hard, non stop, we…realized that in order to stay authentic to ourselves and to you, we do need to take some time now to go on a hiatus from Fifth Harmony in order to pursue solo endeavors,” a statement posted to the Fifth Harmony Twitter account said. “We are all very excited and grateful to be able to take this time to learn and grow creatively and really find our footing as individuals.”
The statement seemed to point at the break being temporary, saying it would allow the four members to “gain new experiences, strengths, and perspectives that we can bring back to our Fifth Harmony family.”
Fifth Harmony's members are Ally Brooke, Normani, Dinah Jane, Lauren Jauregui.
A fifth member of the group, Camila Cabello, departed in December 2016 and has gone on to success as a solo artist.
Fifth Harmony has been together since 2012, when they were formed on the U.S. version of reality competition show “The X-Factor.” They have released three studio albums and a number of singles since forming.
Their most popular songs include “Miss Movin' On,” “Work from Home,” and “Not That Kinda Girl.”
Fifth Harmony fans, called Harmonizers, rallied to get #ThankYouFifthHarmony trending on social media following the announcement of the group's hiatus.
“With your love and encouragement we will continue to build on ourselves, support one another in everything we do, and keep making you proud, each other proud and ourselves proud,” Fifth Harmony's statement added.
The group currently has a number of shows scheduled through the end of the year, which they plan to perform as planned, they said.
(© Copyright 2018 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company, contributed to this report)
Shoppers in Dundee were being treated to “random acts of love” this Valentine's Day.
From 11am to 4pm, the Overgate Centre's customer services team were offering lucky shoppers complimentary treats and red roses — and free hugs from customer services manager Barry McRuvie.
Chocolate-covered strawberries, fudge and marshmallows from a chocolate fountain were being provided by AdoraBubble.
An Overgate spokeswoman said the gestures would “make shopping for a significant other a pleasure” and “make it a Valentine's Day to remember”.
Meanwhile, Tele readers in the Wellgate were gifted with a free loveable teddy with every copy of tonight's paper.
The cute bears, complete with roses, were all snapped up by lunchtime as queues stretched the length of the ground floor of the shopping centre.
Those who missed the bears were still treated with a freebie. Readers later in the day received free Valentine's Day cards with every paper.
NBC 7 Audra Stafford reports on UC San Diego team working to develop new algae-based shoe that won't pollute the earth.
A group of UC San Diego researchers is working to save the environment, one step at a time.
Two years ago, a team of UCSD students, led by biology professor Stephen Mayfield and Skip Pomeroy, a professor of chemistry and biochemistry. created the world's first algae-based surfboard.
Then, they began to look at other things made with polyurethane, including flip-flops.
According to the MacArthur Foundation, by the year 2050, there may be as much plastic in the ocean as fish, by weight.
Mayfield said a lot of that plastic comes from lost or discarded flip-flops.
“What a lot of people don't understand is that as you travel around the world, they're sort of one of the top 2 or 3 pollutants on the planet,” Mayfield said.
In fact, Mayfield said, more than three billion flip-flops are manufactured and sold worldwide, each year, and they are the number one shoe in China, India, and Africa.
The UCSD team is now working to create an algae-based flip-flop that is both renewable and biodegradable.
“Meaning that when we're done with these things, some organism can eat them,” Mayfield said.
After months of research, the team unveiled a prototype this week that is 50 percent renewable and biodegradable. They hope to eventually get to 100 percent.
“We can do something about that, and we're going to,” Mayfield said.
His goal is to have them in stores by next summer.
NEW YORK, NY--(Marketwired - Oct 6, 2017) - Tauriga Sciences, Inc. ( OTC PINK : TAUG) ("Tauriga" or the "Company" or "Tauriga"), a company engaged in building businesses in the life sciences space, today announced that its Chief Executive Officer and member of its Board of Director, Mr. Seth M. Shaw invested an additional $137,500 in the Company which is structured as an equity private placement priced at $0.00125 per share for a total of 110,000,000 "restricted" shares of the Company's common stock.
On June 16, 2017 and June 22, 2017, the Company disclosed respective private placement investments by Mr. Shaw of $95,000 and $55,000 also at $0.00125 per share purchase price. In total, inclusive of this $137,500 investment, Mr. Shaw's aggregate private placement investment in the Company since June 15, 2017 was $287,500 for an aggregate of 230,000,000 shares of per share.
A Form 8-K and Form 4 will be filed within the next few days to accurately reflect the specifics of this transaction as well as update the public markets with respect to Mr. Shaw's total current holdings in Tauriga shares.
The Company plans to utilize this $137,500 private placement investment primarily for three specific purposes:
1) Repayment of a specific convertible debenture approaching 12 month maturity status (maturity status would occur during early November 2017 if not repaid prior to that maturity date)
2) Payment of additional cash towards legal invoices.
3) Payment of additional cash toward expert invoices.
Commenting on this latest personal private placement investment, Tauriga's Chief Executive Officer Seth M. Shaw expressed, "The Company's management team is staunch in its commitment to shareholders to build a successful long term Company. This $137,500 USD investment, at this time, is critical in enabling the Company to overcome a few specific short term obstacles and issues. Lastly, this being my third personal private placement, within the past 120 calendar days, should reveal my personal level of commitment to and confidence in the Company's future."
ABOUT TAURIGA SCIENCES, INC.
Tauriga Sciences, Inc. ( OTC PINK : TAUG) is engaged in building life sciences company through the development, marketing, distribution and potential licensing of a broad array of products and technologies. The Company is presently focused on its upcoming contemplated launch of a Cupacu Butter based lip balm product branded under the name: Herman. The Company has previously disclosed that it plans to launch this product to the retail marketplace during mid-late Autumn of 2017. The Company believes that one of its most important strengths is its access to and relationships with potentially substantial distribution systems and networks. The Company intends to capitalize on distribution opportunities and will continually update shareholders on such developments. The Company is also prosecuting (as Plaintiff) its ongoing malpractice lawsuit against its predecessor audit firm, for which it's seeking monetary damages in excess of $4,000,000. The Federal District Court New Jersey has confirmed that this Trial shall commence at 10:00am EST on November 14, 2017 (Trenton, New Jersey).
NON SOLICITATION:
This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any of these securities, nor will there be any sale of these securities in any state or other jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale is not permitted. Any securities offered or issued in connection with the above-referenced merger and/or investment have not been registered, and will be offered pursuant to an exemption from registration.
DISCLAIMER:
Forward-Looking Statements: Except for statements of historical fact, this news release contains certain "forward-looking statements" as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including, without limitation: expectations, expects, anticipates, believes, hopes, beliefs, plans and objectives regarding the development, use and marketability of products as well as the attainment of certain corporate goals and milestones (i.e. SEC Periodic Filings, Filing of Proxies, etc.). Such forward-looking statements are based on present circumstances and on Tauriga's predictions with respect to events that have not occurred, that may not occur, or that may occur with different consequences and timing than those now assumed or anticipated. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, and are not guarantees of future performance or results and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from the events or results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such factors include general economic and business conditions, the ability to successfully develop and market products, consumer and business consumption habits, the ability to fund operations and other factors over which Tauriga has little or no control. Such forward-looking statements are made only as of the date of this release, and Tauriga assumes no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. Readers should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Risks, uncertainties and other factors are discussed in documents filed from time to time by Tauriga with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This press release does not and shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of any offer to buy any of the securities, nor shall there be any sale of the securities, in any state or jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such state. The securities have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") or any state securities laws, and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent registration, or an applicable exemption from registration, under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws.
Steve Hemmert lives a mile away from Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida.
Interested in Gun Control? Add Gun Control as an interest to stay up to date on the latest Gun Control news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
He said Feb. 14 -- the day when a former student gunned down 17 people at the school -- was "surreal."
Hemmert, who was a member of the Army Reserves, is familiar with guns. He said he used to enjoy going to the shooting range, sometimes with his teenage daughter, firing two of his AR-style rifles.
But now, after the Parkland shooting, the fun is gone.
And soon, too, will his guns: Hemmert sold the guns back to the Miami Police Department this weekend as part of its gun buyback program.
"It was like a transformation between thinking of guns as kind of fun hobby, to my God, these exact types of rifles just killed kids in my community," he told ABC News.
KenRussellMiami/Twitter
He continued, "I can't imagine ever having any fun shooting those guns. I was almost embarrassed to own them because how insulting to the victims that I would even want to keep those things in my house."
Hemmert, who left the Reserves in 2005 and now works as a lawyer, published a picture of himself turning over two AR-style rifles to a Miami police officer on Saturday. He later shared an emotional post on his Facebook page.
"My daughter recently told me that her plan is to only wear sneakers to school from now on, in case she needs to run. And I realize that, unlike some of my neighbors, I am lucky to still HAVE a 14-year-old daughter," he wrote.
Hemmert, 45, told ABC News that the shooting impacted his entire family, including his daughter, who attends a different high school.
"In the week after that [shooting], she said she went through each classroom and figured out where the best hiding spot was in each classroom," he said. "It's disgusting that our kids should even think about that stuff."
Hemmert said he was always incredibly careful with his guns, breaking them down and storing them under lock and key. He realized there was no way he could guarantee that another person would take the same precautions.
Rhona Wise/AFP/Getty Images
That's why he decided to participate in the Miami Police Department's gun buyback program. Each gun the department received would be examined and possibly destroyed if found to be stolen or involved in a crime, officer Michael Vega told ABC News.
The Miami Police Department shared a picture on Facebook of the 128 firearms it received during the buyback.
Hemmert, who got a $250 Visa gift card for each of his guns, said he hopes that "owning ARs becomes toxic, almost like wearing fur or owning ivory. It just becomes socially unacceptable to own AR rifles."
His emotional Facebook post has received more than 100,000 comments. While most have been overwhelmingly positive, he guessed 10 to 15 percent were "really ugly."
"There are a lot of people that have a lot of guns that are really unhinged out there," he said, referring to some of the people who have made threats against him and his family.
Hemmert said that one of the worst messages he received was a text by someone who threatened to rape Hemmert's teenage daughter.
"There are so many people saying so many crazy and scary things on the internet," he said, adding, "I don't know how the FBI could even keep up with all those people."
Rhona Wise/AFP/Getty Images
Survivors from other school shootings have also reached out to him. Hemmert called their messages "humbling."
"I think people want to believe that there's a reasonable middle ground in the gun control debate," Hemmert said.
He added, "Listen, these may be legal to own and they're fun to own but they're just too dangerous for the general public to have."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Commuters on South Western Railway trains to London Waterloo should have had a more comfortable journey after extra carriages were added to rush hour services.
Longer trains are now in operation on peak morning and evening services, meaning more seats for long-suffering passengers travelling to the capital from Reading, Wokingham, Bracknell and smaller stations along the Waterloo line.
The increased capacity of 5,000 seats and 100 carriages on the network is the result of a £800m upgrade at Waterloo and across the South Western route and the roll-out of Class 707 trains.
The new Class 707 trains are now operating on the Waterloo, Windsor, Weybridge and Hounslow routes, allowing existing trains on those routes to be transferred to Reading services.
The new timetable began on Monday, December 11, and a number of peak time trains have been lengthened from eight to 10 carriages with others expanded to 12 carriages.
Andy Mellors, South Western Railway managing director said: “The introduction of new carriages is great news for passengers as they will unlock capacity across other parts of the network.
“Introducing these trains means we can make use of existing stock in the best possible way and implement real improvements in time for the new timetable this December.
“Between now and early 2018, passengers will really notice the difference especially during peak hours.”
In August 1,000 Network Rail staff spent three and a half weeks extending platforms at Waterloo and improved signalling and tracks to prepare for the new stock.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Becky Lumlock, route managing director for Network Rail, said: “It's fantastic to see the benefits of our £800 million upgrade at Waterloo and across the route reaching passengers, with longer trains and more comfortable journeys.
“And this is just the start. By the end of next year we will have reopened the former Waterloo International terminal for domestic use, increasing capacity at the station by 30 per cent at peak times.”
The Reading to Waterloo morning trains at 06.12, 06.23, 06.42, 06.54 07.12 and 07.24 now have 10 carriages, up from eight.
There will also be 10 carriages on the evening peak trains at 16.05, 16.20, 16.35, 17.35, 17.50, 18.05, 18.20, 18.35 and at 18.50.
Did you get a seat this morning? Leave your comments below
Elgin renews downtown association contract; reboot expected
hello
Elgin plans to renew its contract with the Downtown Neighborhood Association of Elgin for one year after a stalled plan to create a special tax for downtown property owners to fund the agency. Rick West | Staff Photographer
The city of Elgin plans to continue funding a downtown group for another year, with the expectation the group will revamp itself to provide new economic development initiatives and regular, measurable performance reports.
Council members unanimously voted Wednesday night at their committee of the whole meeting to approve a $135,000 contract for the Downtown Neighborhood Association of Elgin, the same amount as past contracts. A final city council vote is expected later this month.
The new contract would be retroactive to April 1, when the last one expired.
Association board member Ben Glunz said the group is committed to rebuilding and serving all downtown effectively -- including residents, business owners and property owners.
"We are in the process of giving the organization a reboot with a renewed vision," he said. "We need to chart a new course for the next 20 years."
The association has revamped its mission statement, which highlights economic development, community building and collaboration, perception and promotion of downtown, and beautification and physical enhancement.
Concrete initiatives and measurable goals will be developed once a new executive director is hired, hopefully soon, Glunz said.
The Downtown Neighborhood Association hasn't had an executive director since January, when Deirdre White left to take a new job. Final candidates have been selected, but the board wanted to wait for the new contract to be in place before hiring someone, he said.
City Manager Rick Kozal said he's convinced the association is "on the right path." The one-year contract "is as close as you can get to 'try before you buy,'" he said.
The relationship between the association and the city has been tense at times in the past, but Glunz and board Vice President Mark Novelli have worked hard to push the association forward and meet with lots of different people downtown to assess priorities, Kozal said. "There is the sense that we can start something new again and create something even better," he said.
Before White's departure, the association had been working on a plan to establish a new tax paid by downtown property owners to would fund the agency. But that plan hit a wall when council members last summer indicated they wanted a majority of downtown property owners to support the new tax, which the council has the authority to create.
The Downtown Neighborhood Association's contract -- which largely mirrors past contracts -- is funded by $120,000 in money from the Central Area Tax Increment Financing District, which uses tax money funneled into development rather than local governments, and $15,000 from the general fund.
The agency is entrusted, among other things, with providing assistance to current and prospective businesses and helping them navigate the city's permitting and licensing process. It also organizes events like the Winter Wonderland, pub crawl and small business Saturdays.
Councilman Corey Dixon said he was "very happy and pleased" the association is taking a new direction.
Councilwoman Carol Rauschenberger agreed but also said she hopes the organization will present more specifics soon.
Councilwoman Tish Powell suggested the group bring back its First Fridays events and focus on organizing events along the Riverside Drive promenade.
The association also hasn't had an events coordinator since late April, so its salary expenses have been lower for the first half the year, Glunz acknowledged. When asked why new the new contract wasn't lowered to account for that, Kozal said more money helps the organization attract qualified candidates.
Strategic planning advisory commission member Todd Martin said he initially was skeptical about continuing to fund the organization, because in the past the agency has failed to deliver measurable analytics. But he's changed his mind, and he and his fellow commissioners unanimously support the new contract, he said.
"(Glunz) won everybody over," he said. "We are convinced that with the right leadership, DNA is the right tool to move downtown forward."
LAFAYETTE, Ind. (WLFI) — The Tippecanoe County Health Department is responding after 124 needles were found in one Lafayette home this week.
Police say the needles came from the county's needle exchange program.
The department said it's working to get police the tools they need to stay safe during collection.
“It was just laying here on the ground,” said Health Department Environmental Secretary Amanda Balser.
Last Friday, Balser found a used needle at the entrance of Linnwood Park in Lafayette.
“Came down this way and actually found paraphernalia,” said Balser as she showed where she found it in the park.
The needle Balser found wasn't the same kind the health department passes out. But she said they're out looking every week just in case.
“We have the proper techniques to do that,” said Balser.
Along with puncture-proof gloves, a sharps container, and a place to bring dirty needles, the health department also keeps track of the number of needles found.
“When you see our reports, those come out as community needles,” said Balser.
The Health Department is working to release a public database, so people can see return numbers on a regular basis. It also hopes to get grants to buy more puncture-proof gloves for police.
“Our number one goal of Gateway to Hope is to stop the spread of disease,” said Balser.
Balser said that's why they give out clean needles but she doesn't believe the 124 needles found in a home on S. 28th Street belonged to one person. Ten people were arrested that day.
“If they did have them in there and they were part of the syringe exchange program, we would be looking at probably more than one participant being in there,” said Balser.
Balser said the department is working with law enforcement to create a hotline for needles found in the public.
Right now, you can call the Tippecanoe County Health department or the Tippecanoe County Sheriff's Office. They will come to safely collect any needles in the community.
The party's not over for buyout firms.
After a record year for private equity fundraising, more than a third of insurers want to increase allocations to that asset class, according to a Goldman Sachs Group Inc. survey released Tuesday. Nearly half of investment chiefs and chief financial officers responding to the survey ranked private equity in the top three of asset classes they expect to deliver the highest returns in the coming 12 months.
With volatility returning to markets earlier this year, insurers in the U.S. are looking to cut back risk in investments, even as rivals in Europe and Asia expect to increase it, according to the survey. That desire to scale back risk in portfolios may be due to high equity valuations and tightening monetary policy, as well as a feeling that the U.S. is getting toward the latter part of the credit cycle, said Goldman's Mike Siegel, who oversees almost $260 billion of funds for the industry.
“The increase in volatility has been a bit of a wake-up call and it's made companies be a little bit more concerned,” Siegel, who oversees the insurance division at Goldman Sachs Asset Management, said at a briefing in New York. The global survey, conducted earlier this month, covered 300 insurers that together manage more than $10 trillion in assets.
Read more: Hedge funds drop in March, first consecutive decline in 2 years
While insurers may be bullish on private equity, it's a different story for hedge funds. Just 8 percent of respondents said they planned to increase hedge fund investments. In 2016, insurers including American International Group Inc. and MetLife Inc. were decreasing those allocations, and Siegel said the outlook hasn't shifted much.
“Until performance turns around in a material way and fees continue to come down, I think that the investing here is going to be balanced,” Siegel said. “If capital leaves the industry, they'll be better able to put up good returns. We haven't seen the capital leave the industry so there's still large pools of capital that need to be deployed.”
The companies were cautious on cryptocurrencies. Most thought the assets couldn't play a role in an investment portfolio, with only 3 percent saying they can, according to the survey. Still, some investment chiefs are monitoring cryptocurrencies for broader indicators, according to Siegel.
“Can we watch the prices of cryptocurrencies and understand something about the market, particularly maybe speculation?” Siegel said. “When these currencies really appreciate in value, is that telling us that there's a lot of speculative fever in the markets? And then when they crash, is there a lot of fear in the markets? So they are being watched very closely.”
Archpriest Vsevolod Chaplin, an ultra orthodox Russian priest from Moscow has called on the country to reinstate the monarchy and name Vladimir Putin emperor, he said another option would be to bring back the Romanov dynasty, which was overthrown exactly a century ago in 1917.
While speaking at the launch of his new book, he said:
‘We are a country with monarchic mentality. It doesn't matter that we don't now have formal monarchy, I think we can re-make it with Putin on top. Or else with somebody from the Romanov house, or with an elected person as head.'
He insisted:
‘While we don't have formal monarchy, we have monarchic understanding that Russia cannot be without a tsar. But this tsar must take advice from people, which is why having a nation is so important.' He said the constitution should be amended to allow for a monarchy.
The 48yr old celibate priest opposes teaching about contraception in sex education classes and last year called for girls to be allowed to wed at 14 and boys at 16, without parental permission.
‘It would be good if by the age of 20 our women had several children and made their careers only after 30 or 40 once their children have grown up,' he said.
He argued that women who had abortions, and husbands or wives who committed adultery, or were convicted of corruption ‘should be condemned by everyone and in some cases deprived of property rights.'
So-called ‘good families with multiple children should leave big cities because such places are full of sin and relocate to agricultural settlements allocated to them by the government', he demanded.
In one of his more incendiary statements, he said:
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — Just in time for the 4th of July, there's a new list of the most patriotic states. Unfortunately, Minnesota didn't fare too well.
Minnesota came in at 33rd on the list, and Wisconsin at 28th.
The WalletHub rankings were based on a number of factors, including the share of enlisted military population to AmeriCorps volunteers per capita.
Virginia came in at No. 1, and Massachusetts was last.
Despite its low ranking, Minnesota is fifth in number of adults who voted in the last election and ranks third in volunteerism.
Why it matters to you If you're big on downloading Netflix content for offline viewing, you might be interested to know that the feature imposes limits.
Toward the end of last year Netflix finally got around to letting users download movies and shows onto their mobile devices so they could watch stuff on the go and in places without wi-fi.
Turns out there are limits on how much fun you can have with the feature, though Netflix appears to prefer to let you find out for yourself.
Put simply, some of the content only allows a finite number of downloads, or “renews” as Netflix calls it.
As things stand, if you fail to watch a downloaded movie before its expiration date, which for some content could be as short as 48 hours after you first hit play, you'll probably want to download it again. It's these downloads that are limited, a reality that some Netflix users are finding rather annoying, according to Android Police.
While you might have good intentions to watch a movie within the allotted time when you first send it to your mobile device, there'll be occasions when you just don't get around to firing it up during your daily commute or travels further afield.
If you find yourself downloading the same content several times — whether to finish watching it or to enjoy the whole thing again — you're likely to see a warning message saying you can only do one more download until a particular date, apparently a year after the first time you downloaded it.
If you're halfway through the show or movie, the limitation means you'll just have to find time to watch it at home or switch to streaming if conditions permit.
As Android Police points out, the rules are set by those that hold the rights to the content, so Netflix is simply keeping within the terms of its contract. However, it's fair to say it's kept pretty quiet about it, choosing to inform users only when they have one download left.
Netflix has added a note to its Help section, but it's rather vague, saying that studio limits mean that “some titles” can only be renewed “a certain number of times.”
The company held back from offering offline viewing from a long time but finally relented in November 2016, partly in response to growing competition from the likes of Amazon, which a year earlier became the first major subscription streaming service to offer movie and TV show downloads for offline viewing.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
Leeds Rhinos hooker Matt Parcell has insisted that he believes the Rhinos can improve quickly ahead of their test at newly-promoted Leigh Centurions on Friday night.
Parcell made his competitive debut for the Rhinos during the 6-4 defeat at St Helens last Thursday, and has again been named in the squad as Leeds head to the Leigh Sports Village looking for their first win of 2017.
And he hooker admitted that despite defeat on the opening weekend there were plenty of positives for the Rhinos.
“It was cold, there was heavy ground underfoot so it was built up for a game like the NRL but as the grass firms up there'll be more chances for me,” he told the club's official website.
“There's a lot we can take from it; attacking-wise I feel we had chances to score but to St Helens' credit, they stopped us a few times. I think we can improve quite quickly.
“We'll do a lot more review on Leigh as the week progresses but from what I've heard I'm expecting another tough, physical game – it'll be a great atmosphere with it being their first home game in Super League so I'm up for the challenge.”
Parcell also said that he's confident that as the weather improves in England as the season goes on, both he and Leeds can improve.
“It was a physical, low-scoring game so it probably wasn't the debut I was expecting,” he said. “But I really enjoyed the experience. I think there's a lot we can take from that game moving forward to be honest.
“I guess with that being the first game of the season I was expecting the conditions to suit a game like that, so as the weeks progress there'll be more opportunities for me and I'm looking forward to that.”
Jerry West reportedly taking job with Clippers
The Los Angeles Clippers reportedly are adding a big name to their braintrust.
SI's Jack McCallum reports that Jerry West has decided to leave the Golden State Warriors to take a similar position with the Clippers. West had been serving as a board member for the Warriors and has helped transform the franchise.
In addition to being a Hall of Fame player, the 79-year-old helped build the Lakers into a championship team during the '80s as their GM. He then became a GM at Memphis and led them to successful seasons before taking the job with Golden State.
West, who was a lifelong Laker, reportedly wanted to return to his franchise badly, but the team instead turned to Magic Johnson for their new administration. Now West will try to help the Clippers remain the dominant team in town over the Lakers.
BERKELEY — Cal coach Cuonzo Martin played a haunch and decided to start Grant Mullins for the first time since late November.
It couldn't have worked out any better for the Golden Bears.
Mullins scored a season-high 20 points to lead four players in double figures and California pulled away late in the second half to beat Arizona State 81-65 on Sunday night.
Ivan Rabb had 20 points, 15 rebounds and five assists for his sixth double-double of the season despite being in foul trouble. Jabari Bird added 16 points and Sam Singer scored 10 to help the Bears (10-4, 1-1 Pac-12) snap a two-game losing streak.
“I just felt like it was right to put him back in the lineup,” Martin said of Mullins, who had come off the bench the previous six games after starting four of his first five. “I didn't think he was playing at the level, didn't have his legs on him, until right now. The other thing with that is for him to get in the lineup and do what he does well. He showed that tonight.”
Mullins provided a big spark for the Bears, who were missing one of their top scorers when they started their decisive run in the second half.
Rabb went to the bench with his fourth foul and California a slim lead. Arizona State responded with a quick 6-0 run all on free throws to go up 61-60.
After Singer's free throw tied it with 5:45 left, Bird followed with a one-handed dunk, Kingsley Okoroh added his own emphatic dunk and California went on to make its final eight shots while outscoring Arizona State 21-4 down the stretch.
“That was big for us,” Mullins said. “We have a lot of confidence in (Rabb) but he can't play 40 minutes a night. When he's off the floor other guys have to step up and we showed that we could tonight.”
Obinna Oleka had 18 points and five rebounds while Tra Holder scored 14 points for the Sun Devils (8-7, 1-1).
Arizona State was attempting to go 2-0 in conference for only the fifth time in program history but struggled to score in the second half and was held 18 points below its season average of 83.5.
“When Rabb went out I don't think we capitalized on that the way we needed to,” Sun Devils coach Bobby Hurley said. “We just couldn't get any separation from them with Rabb on the bench.”
California, coming off consecutive losses to No. 12 Virginia last week and No. 18 Arizona on Friday, made 11 3-pointers — one shy of its season high while holding the Sun Devils to 7-of-24 beyond the arc.
The Bears made only eight combined 3s in their previous two games but had seven in the first half against the Sun Devils. Rabb and Mullins had two apiece while Charlie Moore's 3-pointer helped California take a 38-37 halftime lead.
RABB'S 3'S
Rabb had made only one 3-pointer in 45 career games at California before connecting on both of his shots from beyond the arc against Arizona State.
“He hits them all the time in practice,” Mullins said.
BIG PICTURE
Arizona State: Hurley's squad wasn't as efficient on offense as it had been, shooting 40 percent overall and only 29.2 percent on 3s. The Sun Devils had three one-and-one opportunities during a 15-second span midway through the second half but were held to just one field goal over the final 9:44.
California: Rabb set the tone early before fouls slowed him up and showed some range with his jumper he hadn't previously exhibited. He notched his double-double before halftime with 16 points and 10 rebounds. He was limited to 12 minutes after the break with foul trouble, however.
UP NEXT
Arizona State: Returns home to host Colorado on Thursday night. California: The Bears go on the road for the first time since early December and play at UCLA on Thursday.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Reading's party animals hit the town's bars to welcome in the new year.
Thousands of revellers poured into the town centre for an evening of drinks and dancing as they counted down to the arrival of 2016.
Our photographer Steve Smyth was also out on the town, meeting the people celebrating in the town and capturing all the fun as people sunk their drinks as they waited for midnight.
He visited bars including Be At One, Walkabout, Lola Lo, Sakura and Public.
He also met a group of friends in Friar Street, including one man sporting a particularly stylish medallion and one of the police officers making sure people were safe as they enjoyed their evening.
Take a look in our gallery to see how people in Reading saw in the new year.
Why it matters to you The 1Million Project is providing students across the country with technological resources to help pave their way for a successful future.
In October, Sprint announced the 1Million Project — an initiative to provide smartphones, laptops, and tablets to students in low-income families. Starting out as a pilot project in January, the program will roll out nationally on Tuesday. The Sprint Foundation — with support from Sprint — will connect more than 180,000 high school students across 32 states with a free device and free wireless service in the first year of the program.
While more than 70 percent of the country's high school teachers assign homework that requires the internet, 5 million families with children in school do not have internet connectivity at home to complete it. The 1Million Project sets out to eliminate this issue — also known as the “homework gap” — by providing students with the correct technological resources to pave the way for a successful future.
To start, Sprint pieced together research from school districts and other experts in the field in order to learn more about what students are lacking as well as what they need to succeed academically, Doug Michelman, president of the 1Million Project told Digital Trends. As for connectivity, the company also worked with its IT department to execute an efficient plan where the network identifies a new device being activated by a 1Million Project student in particular.
To find participants, Michelman explained that schools and school districts were instructed to apply for the program. In terms of criteria, a population of students who could be served by the need for internet and devices at home was essential. They also had to show a strong commitment to the project, along with devoted manpower to activate and execute the program in their school. Lastly, whether or not the Sprint network would provide a great experience from wherever the school may be been also taken highly into consideration.
The finalized list of participating schools includes some of the country's largest school districts such as New York, Florida, and California, among others. Each student receives either a free smartphone, tablet or hotspot device, along with 3GB of high-speed LTE data per month, for up to four years while they are still attending a participating high school. Unlimited data is available at 2G speeds if the usage goes beyond 3GB per month, and those who receive a smartphone can also use it as a hotspot.
“The approach in our community school strategy is to remove barriers for learning. We know that students in low-income neighborhoods [or] students that are suffering [from] effects of poverty, have [less] access to resources and learning opportunities. One of the big divides there is the digital divide, and so we really saw this partnership with Sprint as a way to overcome that,” Chris Caruso, executive director of New York City Community Schools, told Digital Trends.
Sprint is donating more than $2 billion in wireless service, technical support, and staff, to manage the 1Million Project for the next five years. Most of the devices have been donated to the Sprint Foundation by vendors including LG Electronics, Motorola, TCL-owned Alcatel, and more.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI (CBSMiami) — When President Barack Obama opened the doors to Cuba and took on a policy unlike any president before him, businesses and those who back engagement with Cuba applauded the move.
Cuba hardliners, though, are hoping a visit from President Donald Trump on Friday will come with a return to the policies of the past.
“My expectation is that the president will begin the process of turning back some of the measures that were put in place secretly by Mr. Obama,” said Frank Calzone, Exec. Director with the Center for a Free Cuba. “Obama's policies were negotiated with the Cuban government without advising or talking to the Congress or the American people.”
The Institute for Cuban and Cuban-American Studies (ICCAS) at the University of Miami held a press conference calling for a more hardline approach to Cuba.
“I hope that Cuba will be put back on the list of countries that support terrorism, as long as murderers of American police officers reside in Havana,” Calzone told CBS4's Tiani Jones.
There's been much speculation on the administration's approach to Cuba but businesses who've reaped the most from Obama's policies are hoping a business-minded Trump will tread lightly on a complete rollback.
According to Engage Cuba, a national coalition of private companies and groups that pushed to lift the U.S.-Cuba embargo, a rollback would cost the U.S. economy $6.6 billion and more than 12,000 jobs. They say the airline industry alone would lose $2 billion and 4,000 jobs.
Airbnb finally broke their silence and released a report about their business in Cuba. The report says they've paid more than $40 million since April of last year to Cuban citizens who share their homes, with 58 percent of hosts consisting of women entrepreneurs.
The company said in part, “Today, more and more Cubans are entrepreneurs who are eager to start their own businesses and connect with the world. We are eager to help these hosts achieve their dreams.”
“I think he's not, today, mostly a businessman, I think today he's the president of the United States. I think his administration wants to carry policies in the law and the law says very specifically the resources should not be given to the Cuban government or to the Cuban military, and that's what's happening.”
The Comedian Allegedly Oopsed yesterday at his show AYLive when he made some comments regarding what people term sensitive concerning the Tboss and Kemen issue…..I have not seen the skit so I leave the comment section open for those who have to debate on it…. The first meme is from Tboss' brother's handle and comment was liked by her and her sister….
Trey Songz surrendered himself to the LAPD on Monday morning to face a felony domestic violence charge, innolving a woman named, Andrea Buera.
According to TMZ, he is accused of striking her while they were out partying in L.A. last month during NBA All-Star weekend. See the previous report by TMZ below:
Via TMZ
Law enforcement sources tell us the woman filed a police report claiming Trey hit her in the face Saturday night while they were attending a Hollywood Hills party.
She claims Trey got upset because she was talking to another man, and hit her during an argument. We're told she left the party on her own to go to a hospital, and talked to police soon afterward. We're told her injuries were minor.
Songz, was with his attorney Shawn Holley when he turned himself in. He was then booked at 6AM and released shortly after 8 AM, once he posted a $50,000 bond.
He recently posted a brief statement on his Twitter account, saying he is being “lied on and falsely accused for someone's personal gain,” and that he “won't be speaking too much more on this” subject. See his tweets below:
I won't be speaking too much more on this but would like to thank you for all the prayers and support. 🙏🏾❤️💪🏾 — Trey Songz (@TreySongz) March 19, 2018
This story is developing, we will keep you updated.
SOURCE: TMZ | PHOTO CREDIT: Getty
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
SmartThings' CEO on the Smart-Home Evolution
Many everyday appliances are connecting to the internet these days, allowing people to control them with apps and voice commands. More homes are embracing this, especially as people get comfortable using smart speakers such as the Amazon Echo and Google Home.
For five years, SmartThings has been making smart-home products and a system for connecting similar products from other companies. Samsung bought the company in 2014 to expand its portfolio of internet-connected and automated services. SmartThings' founder and CEO, Alex Hawkinson, spoke with The Associated Press recently about how smart-home products are evolving. Questions and answers have been edited for length and clarity.
Q: What's the most common smart-home product, based on what you're seeing connected to SmartThings' systems?
A: Eighty percent of our base has connected lighting. It's really simple to get started with the bulbs. You can go really deep with the in-wall switches and things. People love that it doesn't cross into the security and privacy concerns a lot of people have with connected speakers and cameras.
Q: Wait, are these products safe?
A: We pride ourselves in being leaders. Past problems tend to be low-quality devices, but they scare people. Obviously adoption is accelerating, so it's not the big holdback, but it would be wrong for me to say that's not a question. Have a conversation about connected locks with somebody, and you'll probably get like, "but it could be hacked," even though the reality is burglars are going to just break the door down.
Q: How are smartphones helping everyday people embrace smart homes?
A: There's more connected to your phones in your life. A lot of people a couple years ago hadn't had the experience of pushing a button and seeing a show up. Pushing a button and seeing some groceries, or some food show up. The continued maturity of the smartphone has caused consumers to recognize that the world is totally hyper-connected. That psychology makes it ready for people to say, "Why not have this?"
Q: How will artificial intelligence improve the experience?
A: The No. 1 issue in security monitoring is false positives. You arm it, and you set it off when you come out to get a glass of water. AI's going to solve this. We can see in the pattern of data what's a false positive or not, without the user having to program stuff. When your smartphone is upstairs, and you are asleep because it hasn't been in use for a while, you can probably arm the security. But if you pick the phone up and there's been no motion downstairs, it's probably you coming downstairs.
Or take lighting. You'll get to this point this year where, "Hey, make it look like I'm home when I'm going out of town." It's got enough data where it can emulate you being home. They can follow the pattern and vary it to make it look real.
© 2018 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
For a chance to win N10,000 in cash in the NB Weekly Quiz, please review the NB Weekly magazine and answer the question that follows. The winner and runners-up will be selected at 12pm on the 19th of April 2017. Winner and runners-up will be displa...
When the biggest star in Hollywood announces an upcoming fight, it's a big deal. Dwayne “The Rock” Johnson is certainly hyped for the rematch between Gennady “GGG” Golovkin and Canelo Alvarez, set for May 5.
“I guaran-damn-tee you it ain't going to be another draw,” The Rock said in an HBO social media promo last week to announce the much-anticipated bout.
Let's hope not. Now that the date for the undisputed middleweight championship has been finalized, promoters must agree on a site. Madison Square Garden is making a strong play and has already submitted a proposal guaranteeing a more lucrative gate than was made in the first bout, held last September at T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas. That match-up earned about $27 million.
“I don't know what Vegas is going to offer,” said Tom Loeffler, Golovkin's promoter. “It'll be a little bit of a back-and-forth. But the Garden is definitely very interested in this fight. They realize this is one the few times they have a legitimate shot of getting a big fight. I don't think Floyd [Mayweather] or Manny [Pacquiao] or any of those big fights ever considered New York. Gennady likes New York. Either this fight or if Gennady wins maybe a third fight, I think the Garden has a legitimate shot at getting one of these fights.”
Las Vegas with its cheaper hotels, casinos and no state tax is still the favorite to host the rematch, but the Garden has a real chance to land Alvarez-Golovkin II because of its long-standing relationship with Golovkin. The unbeaten IBF, WBA and WBO middleweight champion has fought six times in New York. His last Garden fight was in March, when he earned a unanimous decision over Daniel Jacobs before a crowd of 19,939.
“The Garden is synonymous with the biggest and best events in sports and entertainment and the Golovkin-Alvarez fight certainly fits into this category,” said Joel Fisher, executive vice president, MSG Marquee Events.
Getting Alvarez to agree to fight in New York could be a tough sell. Nine of his past 12 fights have been in Las Vegas, where his promoter, Oscar De La Hoya, fought the majority of his biggest bouts.
“It seems Canelo would prefer Vegas, but it's going to come down to a financial decision,” Loeffler said. “I'll sort through it with Golden Boy and see what we can work out. I know the Garden is definitely interested in putting in a bid, but Vegas is going to be hard to beat for the overall package they offer.”
It's difficult to blame Alvarez if he prefers Las Vegas, where he has enjoyed the benefit of some favorable decisions, none more controversial than the first bout with Golovkin at T-Mobile Arena. Alvarez had his best success early and late in the fight, but many fans and media saw Golovkin as a clear winner. Judge Dave Moretti had it 115-113 for GGG. Don Trella scored a 114-114 draw, while Adalaide Byrd had Canelo winning 118-110.
The Byrd scorecard created more chatter than the fight.
“I don't think anybody saw Canelo winning 10 rounds, even the most ardent Canelo fans,” Loeffler said. “The rematch has been demanded since the controversial decision from the last time.”
Alvarez has been featured in Las Vegas on Cinco de Mayo the past two years, defeating Julio Cesar Chavez last year and Amir Khan in 2016.
“Cinco de Mayo in Vegas is a traditional boxing holiday and people fly in for that,” Loeffler said. “At the same time, between the GGG fan base and Canelo fan base, it doesn't matter where this fight is because they both have such an international fan base.”
The first bout distributed by HBO pay-per-view drew 1.3 million buys and figures to exceed that in the rematch.
Win A Trip To Las Vegas During The FightEnter now for your chance to be a part of the fanfare in Las Vegas!
Corona Light Find Your BeachCorona Light wants to help you FIND YOUR BEACH!
Get The CBSMiami Weather AppGet the new CBSMiami Weather app and stay up to date on severe weather in South Florida.
Alternate Means Of Entry For CBS Miami Texting ContestsNo mobile phone or texting plan? No problem! You can enter online for any contest on CBS Miami by entering here as an alternate means of entry.
WQAM (AM) Contest and Promotion RulesUnless otherwise specified by Radio Station WQAM (AM) (the “Station”), these rules cover routine contests and promotions conducted by the Station. These rules may be amended by separate specific rules for major contests or promotions conducted by the Station or its sponsors.
Get CBSLocal iPad App For FreeCBSLocal is CBSMiami's new iPad app: Updated 24/7 with news, sports, weather, traffic & more.
SALT LAKE CITY, UT--(Marketwired - Apr 17, 2017) - Sack Lunch Productions, Inc.'s ( OTC PINK : SAKL) wholly owned subsidiary, The Lantern Fest®, announced today that it is coming to Heartland Topeka Park on July 15, 2017 with never before seen pricing. The Lantern Fest wants to ensure that everyone has the opportunity to enjoy an unforgettable, magical experience with the original American-based sky lantern festival. To this end, The Lantern Fest® has dropped the price to only $20 for a LIMITED TIME and LIMITED NUMBER. Prices normally are as high as $55 per ticket! Hurry and buy your tickets now at: Kansas City Lantern Fest
The Lantern Fest® is the first and the best American-based company to bring the awe-inspiring experience of setting off thousands of sky lanterns that weave a tapestry of light across the night sky. All of our tickets include s'mores package with roasting sticks as well as your very own lantern and lighter.
Event organizers invite participants of all ages to enjoy The Lantern Fest®. When gates open at 4 p.m. families and friends can enjoy live music, a stage show, inflatables, face painting, s'mores, balloon twisters, and photos with princesses. Later, when the sun goes down, participants will release their lanterns.
To reiterate, the festival will be held July 15th at Heartland Park Topeka 7530 SW Topeka Blvd, Topeka, KS 66619
"This event is very unifying," said The Lantern Fest® co-founder John Malfatto. "People enjoy the activities leading up to the lantern launch with friends and family. But when the lanterns are first released, there is always a short moment of silence as the entire group gazes upwards in awe."
"Do not be fooled by other copycat events that are attempting to replicate The Lantern Fest®. The SAKL team imported the ancient festival and added unique touches to the visual and emotionally compelling event that cannot be matched," stated Richard Surber CEO.
"The Lantern Fest's® legal and safety team have pioneered safety protocols that address strict fire and safety guidelines that have culminated into the safest and most environmentally friendly festival possible. Our safety protocols are the result of a collaborative effort with dozens of Fire Marshals, city, county and state officials across the world. The Lantern Fest® has set off over 450,000 sky lanterns to the delight of well over 500,000 onlookers over the last 3 years. Our team has obtained engineering reports that dictated the construction of our sky lanterns as well as guide ours crews in pinpointing exactly how high the lanterns will rise into the night sky as well as accurately gauge where they will land for a thorough clean-up of all lanterns. All of our lanterns are engineers to extinguish well before hitting the ground. Our sky lanterns are made out of biodegradable rice paper and bamboo that is environmentally safe. We have gone to great lengths to minimize the environmental impact and ensure a safe wholesome family experience for all," noted Spencer Humiston, our official lantern guru.
Check out our The Lantern Fest® video at: https://youtu.be/LAj6RVCLqmc.
Lantern Passes can be purchased online and are required for admission to the event. Each pass comes with a lantern, marker, s'mores kit and lighter. Tickets are now available at: Kansas City Lantern Fest. Participants are encouraged to register now to take advantage of steep discounts. Check out what fans have to say on The Lantern Fest® Facebook page https://www.facebook.com/thelanternfest/.
The world began really paying attention to the UMBC Retrievers about when they were tied with Virginia at halftime — at least according to their Twitter follower count.
According to Twitter, UMBC Athletics (which had around 5,000 followers when the tournament started), gained 25K followers from 10:00-11:00 PM ET on March 16.
And it just kept going from there
Good thing they had a clever person behind the account.
Actor Katrina Kaif feels it's extremely important for people to empower women around them and says she now tries to actively support and encourage her contemporaries.
Katrina says a lot of things start with mindset change and "we need to think what we are doing for women around us".
"Recently, I've become more aware of this, even subconsciously, do we really support our contemporaries- in whatever industry you're in? I try to support women who are around me as much as I can in my work space. Sometimes a competitive mindset can actually stop you from doing that," Katrina told reporters here.
The "Tiger Zinda Hai" actor says she tries to do whatever she can within her capacity.
"Am I lifting up the women around me, am I doing what I can to support, encourage or to help them grow? Rather than just see what they can do for me, I do whatever I can to encourage them to better in their profession."
Katrina was speaking at an event of Educate Girls, of which she is the brand ambassador.
When asked about the perception that actors, especially female stars, don't have an opinion on important things, Katrina said people have an opinion but there is no compulsion that one has to always make a comment.
"I have seen it myself that when you talk about politics, matters regarding government, a lot of actors, because they are not in politics, don't feel the need to comment.
"There's a big difference between having an opinion at your home, and speaking about it on a public platform, or having an opinion about a social cause like this."
Katrina said if one does not want to talk about a certain topic, it does not mean that they are not aware of it.
"I can't speak about everyone because there are different situations and everyone is different. But many times, I don't feel like taking about a topic. It doesn't mean I don't have an opinion on it but maybe it is not the right time and place to talk about it.
Credits - PTI
Author: Thomas Moore Conteh (CAN): Sierra Leone Telegraph: 24 April 2018:
The Citizens Advocacy Network (hereinafter referred to as CAN) is greatly disturbed by the “opera of petitioning” that has punctuated our governance temperature; in the wake of urgent expectations to press the progress button after a delayed and snail-like electioneering process.
We note with the highest concern that the flurry of petitions and counter petitions that have flooded our courts have the proclivity to negatively disrupt the reopening and commencement of the country's Fifth Parliament in the Second Republic, and undermine the representative and oversight functions that Parliament should be seen performing (as enshrined in the 1991 Constitution of Sierra Leone, Act No. 6).
While we decry the alleged unconstitutional and foul means of acquiring power, we equally pray our good Parliament to resist the temptation of using state institutions as a circus of scoring political points. Politics is over and we need all hands on deck to push the nation forward.
Just as the need for Parliament to start its operations cannot be overemphasized, so too can any disruption to its reopening or official business have adverse or far-reaching implications on governance and respect for the will of the people.
With a new Government in place, Parliament is with sheer exigency needed to swing into full operation to complement the efforts of the executive by way of endorsing or approving presidential nominees at different levels and to push the business of the state forward.
As it is, this ugly development has caused a serious setback to this process. In view of this, CAN is urging all those involved to put aside their partisan interests and to not only put the progress of the country first, but to desist from sacrificing the urgent business of governance on the altar of primordial party considerations. CAN in its estimation, considers Parliament as the repository of the people's power and will, and that any attempt to toy or play petty politics with it, will be a direct attack on the will of the people.
Against this backdrop, and as a promoter or champion of the cause of the people, CAN would like to once more register its utter shock at these developments.
The organization nonetheless, conscientiously appeals to the judiciary to hold the scale of justice in a balanced manner so as to foster the rule of law and the independence of the Judiciary.
Finally, CAN would like to draw the attention of all parties to their sacred duties to serve the people through these distinct but mutually interdependent organs of government. The people have spoken and their voices must never be treated with disdain. The process of charting a brighter path for them should not be delayed all in the name of petty political rivalry and points scoring. Time, is of the essence!
Signed : Thomas Moore Conteh , Ag. Executive Director
Share this: Tumblr
Email
Print
Google
Reddit
LinkedIn
Twitter
WhatsApp
More
Pinterest
Facebook
NEW ULM, Minn. (WCCO) — Communities across central and southern Minnesota are keeping an eye on flood levels.
In New Ulm, the Cottonwood River is already 5 feet above average, flooding some parks and sections of city streets.
The river will rise another foot before it starts to recede Wednesday.
Technicians from the U.S. Geological Survey measured the river's flow on Tuesday and studied its sediment.
They say it's in flood stage.
Across town, the Minnesota River is also a sight to see.
“We're panicking a little bit here,” said Steve Capp, a New Ulm resident. “Wondering what's going to happen.”
The river is steadily rising and causing concern among those who live right on the river's edge.
The rapid melt of all the snow banks around town is clearly having an impact on this year's transition to spring.
“We just look out and look out, pray to God every day that we're not going to get flooded out down here,” New Ulm resident Rhonda Hagen said.
On Wednesday, the water levels are expected to be even higher, leaving those who live or work along the riverr waiting and watching.
The explosion at the Port Authority bus terminal subway station is snarling the Monday morning rush for thousands of commuters.
see also Suspected bomber in custody after explosion at Port Authority An ISIS-inspired suicide bomber set off a homemade explosive device...
1, 2, 3, A, C, E, N, Q, R, W and 7 trains are all bypassing 42 St. as police investigate, according to the MTA.
A and C trains are stopping along the D line between W 4 St-Washington Sq and 59 St-Columbus Circle.
B service is suspended between Bedford Park Blvd and Brighton Beach.
New Jersey Transit commuter trains running into Penn Station along the Northeast Corridor Line, North Jersey coastline and Main/Bergen/Port Jervis Line are also delayed, and at least two trains have already been cancelled, the agency reported.
Buses from New Jersey are dropping off at 40th Street and 10th Avenue rather than Port Authority, Fox 5 reported.
Virat Anushka secretly got married | Filmibeat
Over the weekend, lovebirds Virat Kohli and Anushka Sharma's much hyped 'rumoured' wedding grabbed major eyeballs with speculations doing the rounds every minute.
The couple sparked off wedding rumours when Anushka was spotted leaving for Italy with her parents and their pandit in tow. Virat too left for Italy with his mom.
Amidst all these reports, a tweet by a sport journalist has left everybody shocked. Scroll down to read more...
'Virushka' Have Already Got Hitched The tweet by a sports journalist claimed that Virat and Anushka have already got hitched over the weekend. Another FB Post Too Read That Virat- Anushka Wedding Is Indeed Happening If this is true that it's great news for all Virat- Anushka fans! The Confusion Around The Wedding Date Earlier it was said that the couple would be tying the knot on 12th December. This was followed by another report that claimed the date to be 15th. Now, we have been hearing that the couple has already said 'I Do'. A Lavish Venue Meanwhile another report by Hindustan Times read, "A heritage property within a resort in Tuscany is being decked up for the grand location wedding, which is likely to take place on December 15. The wedding will happen at Hotel Borgo Finochito, which is among the 20 most expensive hotels in the world, famous for weddings. It also happens to be a favourite of former US President Barack Obama. Sources in Italy claim a high security corridor has been thrown around the resort with entry strictly restricted to guests with invitation. Arrangements for a typically Punjabi wedding are reportedly being made by the wedding planner." Let's Do Bhangra The report further reads, "Professional bhangra dancers were seen entering the resort. The beats of drums and dhol-nagare came from the venue. The wedding will be in the day, followed by a party at night." A Grand Wedding Reception For 'Virushka' Virat and Anushka have also booked a five-star hotel in Mumbai for a reception to be held on the 26th of December. The Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) officials, Bollywood celebrities, many from the political fraternity and top personalities from the corporate world have been reportedly invited to the reception.
Well, we just hope that some official announcement arrives soon from the lovebirds so that we can all finally REJOICE!
Billy Mitchell is known to video game fans as the King of Kong, a title made world-famous by the 2007 documentary The King of Kong: Fistful of Quarters about the race for the Donkey Kong world record. Mitchell's 1982 score of 874,300 points reigned for 18 years until Tim Sczerby passed it by with 879,200 points in August of 2000. Mitchell retaliated in 2004 with a total 933,900 points, while Steve Wiebe (also in The King of Kong) surpassed that in June of 2005 with 985,600.
Mitchell then became the first player to break 1,000,000, before he and Wiebe traded top scores a number of times (with Mitchell on top in 2007 with 1,050,200). Their monopoly on high scores ended in 2010, when Hank Chien dropped in with a Mitchell-busting score of 1,061,700. Aside from a couple of higher scoring attempts by Mitchell and Wiebe, Chien held the top score title until September of 2014, when Robbie Lakeman became the reigning champ, with Wes Copeland dropping higher scores in 2015 and 2016. Lakeman overtook Copeland this past December with a score of 1,230,100, surpassing Copeland's "perfect" 1,218,000 from 2016.
Still, Mitchell is undoubtedly the most famous of the Kong kings. His domineering persona, long hair, strong beard game and choice of black suits have cemented him as the go-to Donkey Kong champion, long after his impressive achievements. However, now DKF rates Mitchell not as the greatest, nor even the 20th best. Mitchell now sits at 47 on the community's leaderboards. But DKF, despite its place at the heart of the Donkey Kong world, isn't where people look for high scores.
Twin Galaxies has been the arbiter of video game leaderboards since 1981. It manages forums dedicated to fairly judging the veracity of scores as they're submitted by various parties. Other organizations, like the Guinness Book of World Records, rely on the leaderboards to award their own titles. When Twin Galaxies stripped the top 'Dragster' title (and all the rest of his high scores) from Todd Rogers just last week, Guinness soon followed suit.
At press time, Twin Galaxies has not removed Billy Mitchell's 2010 achievement from its main Donkey Kong leaderboards.
The issue is convoluted, though laid out with precision by Young in his explanatory post, which is accompanied by dozens of GIFs. "In summary," Young wrote, "these GIFs show that each of the Donkey Kong world record direct feed recordings presented by Billy Mitchell and verified by [Twin Galaxies] were generated in MAME and not by original Donkey Kong hardware."
According to Young, Mitchell claimed that the footage of his record-setting score was taken directly from the feed off a Donkey Kong arcade board. The investigation and analysis of comparable arcade feeds and MAME videos, specifically by a technically-inclined forum community member named Sock_Master, seem to show that Mitchell's footage comes from MAME, the open-source software that emulates arcade boards.
Playing Donkey Kong through MAME isn't problematic in itself (Young himself has recorded a 905,700 score through the emulator), but there are strict verifications for MAME high score attempts that check that the run was, for example, human-controlled and performed in one continuous playthrough. If the allegations Young has brought to Twin Galaxies are true, then Mitchell not only didn't go through these checks, he also hid the fact that he wasn't playing on official hardware. The evidence for the allegations is complex, and largely centers on framerate analysis and an apparent mis-rotation of the playscreen, but taken as a whole it appears quite damning.
"It's important that we as a community take a stand against cheating and dishonesty."
"The specific information provided in the thread has been gathered over the past week or so," Young told Engadget. "But closer looks at his videos have been happening for years. I started the formal [Twin Galaxies] dispute last August."
The number two Donkey Kong player in the world is Wes Copeland. "Billy is a great person and has been really encouraging to me as a fellow competitor," he told us. "However, it's important that we as a community take a stand against cheating and dishonesty. This newfound evidence is damning, and this has forced us to take immediate action against Billy's scores on the community leaderboard.'
Forum moderator Young isn't gloating, of course, but does feel vindicated. "Well, confirmation of a suspicion is always nice," he told us. While many people got into Donkey Kong because of the documentary, Young says his involvement is more tangential, and began when he learned about the scene from a friend on PlayStation Network. "I didn't watch King of Kong until I was already on [the Donkey Kong Forum]. I didn't have a strong opinion of [Mitchell] or Wiebe before I showed up. And by the time I showed up [in late 2012/early 2013] the whispers were already there."
Young's main motivation is to make sure the posted scores are legitimate. "My view of Mitchell hasn't really changed," he said. "I do understand his role in the bigger picture, but my focus has always been on the community as it exists now, the friends I've made, and making sure competition is on the up-and-up."
Whether Mitchell's demotion will propagate to the Twin Galaxies leaderboards is still up in the air. "Billy's 1,062,800 has been removed [from DKF]," said Young, "but he's still on the board with a 933,900 that was done in public with more credible circumstances. How Twin Galaxies responds is completely up to them. Both [Twin Galaxies custodian] Jace Hall and the TG 'commissioner' Dave Hawksett visit DKF on occasion, so I think they have interest in our voice." Engadget has reached out to Twin Galaxies for comment and will update the post if we hear back.
Thousands of people rallied in Lady Liberty's shadow in Manhattan on Sunday to denounce President Trump's “un-American” ban targeting Middle Eastern immigrants.
The massive protest began at Battery Park in Lower Manhattan on Sunday afternoon within sight of the Statue of Liberty, America's symbol of freedom and its embracing of immigrants.
At least five people were arrested for blocking traffic, police sources said.
The New York protest was among dozens that broke out across the nation in response to Trump's executive order that shut America's door to newcomers from Syria, Yemen, Sudan, Somalia, Iraq, Iran and Libya. At least 10,000 demonstrators to the streets of Manhattan on Sunday, according to the Mayor de Blasio's office.
“Trump's executive order is unconstitutional, illegal, un-American and stupid!” US Rep. Jerry Nadler (D-Manhattan/Brooklyn) told protesters Sunday. “This is meant to be a ban on Muslims.”
The New York protesters chanted, “When refugees are under attack, stand up, fight back!” “Hey Trump, hey [Vice President Mike] Pence, we're all immigrants here!” and “Hey, hey, ho, ho, Donald Trump has got to go!”
The most popular signs were included “The president is un-American,” “Tiny hands, huuuuge mistake” and “No ban, no wall,” in reference to Trump's multibillion-dollar plans to beef up walls across the US-Mexico border.
Another poignant sign held by a protester had a picture of the Statue of Liberty and the words: “I'm with her.”
The protesters began at Battery Park before trekking north to Foley Square, near US District Court and federal Department of Homeland Security offices.
Additional reporting by David K. Li
WASHINGTON — Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has assured his U.S. counterpart over the phone that there might be 10,000 problems that land on his White House desk — and Canada won't be among them.
How true that promise rang Tuesday.
Trudeau had barely left Washington and the cheer of a drama-free day was swiftly overshadowed by an incoming storm of palace intrigue, back-stabbing, leaks, international incidents and a spying scandal that rocked Donald Trump's White House.
It built throughout the afternoon.
Trump's national security adviser Michael Flynn wandered in to watch the Trudeau-Trump news conference. It made for an awkward scene, as, just a few feet away, a U.S. journalist was chatting on air about whether Flynn might be fired.
He was, hours later.
American journalists fumed that the White House prevented them from asking Trump at that news conference about intercepted phone calls between Flynn and Russia's ambassador to the U.S. — Trump's team picked which U.S. media got questions.
American journalists even pleaded with their Canadian colleagues to try sliding in a Flynn question. The request went nowhere — the Canadians were desperate to get Trump to finally speak publicly about Canada-U.S. relations.
There was in fact a Canadian connection to Flynn's story. He supervised the regional offices that handle foreign relations inside the White House, including overseeing the Western Hemisphere section that covers Canada.
Not any more.
Less than 24 hours later, at another news conference, Trump's spokesman was asked why Flynn was fired. Sean Spicer said it was because the former military man and campaign surrogate had misled the president about his phone calls.
''Pure and simple, it was a matter of trust,'' Spicer said.
''The evolving and eroding level of trust as a result of this situation and a series of other questionable instances is what led the president to ask for Gen. Flynn's resignation.''
Spicer uttered the word, ''trust,'' dozens of times Tuesday. He insisted the firing had nothing to do with a deeper question: the legality of conversations with the Russian government before the Trump inauguration about the possibility of Trump easing sanctions.
Several media outlets were tipped off about the existence of transcripts of Flynn-Russia phone calls, intercepted by U.S. intelligence. It's just one of several high-level calls leaked to journalists recently.
There are now growing demands for a full investigation into the Trump administration's interactions with the Russian government — Democrats want one and the idea is gaining support among Republicans.
Trump, meanwhile, wants to pursue the leakers. He tweeted: ''The real story here is why are there so many illegal leaks coming out of Washington? Will these leaks be happening as I deal on (North) Korea?''
Speaking of North Korea, the nuclear-armed nation produced two surprises this week. The first was its latest missile test — as Trump spent the weekend with the leader of North Korean nemesis Japan.
Then the half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un was assassinated at an airport in Malaysia. As he died, he told medical workers he'd been attacked with a chemical spray, an official there said.
International tensions didn't end there.
Russia reportedly tested a new cruise missile despite U.S. complaints that it violated a landmark 1987 arms treaty. With respect to Russia, Spicer told Tuesday's briefing that U.S. policy hasn't changed — sanctions will remain and Russia should return Crimea to Ukraine.
Then there was Venezuela: the U.S. on Tuesday officially designated its vice-president a drug trafficker.
In the meantime, more leaks.
Several sources close to the Trump White House have now reported that top White House aide Reince Priebus might be the next to hear the reality-show-star-turned-president deliver that signature phrase: You're fired.
A media mogul and Trump pal said last weekend there was growing unhappiness with the chief of staff. Now an elaborate hit piece, with several anonymous sources, has appeared on the Breitbart website.
That's the site formerly run by senior White House strategist Steve Bannon and close to another anti-establishment White House aide. The piece described a power struggle within the White House pitting the more traditional Republican wing, featuring figures like Priebus, against the renegade wing.
The piece was titled, ''As Flynn Resigns, Priebus Future In Doubt As Trump Allies Circulate List of Alternate Chief of Staff Candidates.'' It described unhappiness over Priebus' failure to influence the agenda in Congress; it also cast the Islam-bashing Flynn as a victim of so-called establishment forces.
One other, major, a bit of intrigue: White House sources told the Trump-friendly site they suspect there are 50 moles within the government, hostile to Trump, and leaking damaging details to the media about things like phone calls with world leaders.
''They're hiding like sleeper cells everywhere,'' one source said.
So the Canadian visit was not a big story in Washington on Tuesday. There were some guffaws when Spicer tripped on the prime minister's name — he saluted the ''incredibly productive,'' meeting with, ''Prime Minister Joe Trudeau of Canada.''
But the Canadians got out of town with a document directing the national governments to continue co-operating — on trade, faster movement at the border, labour mobility reforms, and joint infrastructure projects.
Normal, comparably boring bilateral stuff and not very newsworthy in Donald Trump's Washington.
Alexander Panetta, The Canadian Press
Manchester United midfielder, Ander Herrera, has admitted that he is not taking his place in Jose Mourinho's team for granted. Herrera put in a fantastic display, as United beat Chelsea 2-0 in the Premier League on Sunday. The Spaniard laid on the first goal for Marcus Rashford, before seeing his deflected effort loop over Asmir […]
MINNEAPOLIS – LeBron James had 25 points, 14 assists and eight rebounds to turn back a charge from Andrew Wiggins and help the Cleveland Cavaliers to a 116-108 victory over the Minnesota Timberwolves on Tuesday night.
Channing Frye had 21 points and 10 rebounds while starting for All-Star Kevin Love, who will miss at least the next six weeks after having surgery on his left knee. Kyre Irving scored 25 points for the Cavs and James sealed the victory with a stepback 3-pointer with two minutes to play.
Wiggins scored 41 points against the team that drafted him and Karl-Anthony Towns scored 26 for the Wolves, who finished a six-game homestand at 2-4. The Wolves allowed Cleveland to shoot 51 percent and hit 13 3s.
MEXICO CITY — The United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights has called for Mexico to take urgent action in the northern border city of Nuevo Laredo, where at least 23 people have disappeared since the start of February.
The human rights authority says there are strong indications that a federal security force is responsible. It says a local human rights organization believes there have been at least 40 such disappearances.
In a statement Wednesday, the U.N. office said that it had documented the disappearances of 21 males and two females, including at least five minors.
According to statements to U.N. investigators, the disappearances typically occur at night while the victims are walking along or driving on roads. Sometimes their burned and bullet-riddled vehicles are found on roadsides.
BY JIMITOTA ONOYUME
PORT HARCOURT – Minister of Transportation, Mr Rotimi Amaechi has written to Chief Fani Kayode and the aide to governor of Ekiti state, Mr Lere Olayinka to retract their post on their Twitter accounts linking him with the $ 430 million found in a luxury home in Ikoyi lagos state.
The Minister who wrote through his counsel, Mr Lateef Fagbemi SAN said if they failed to make the retraction within seven days they would meet in court. He said the retraction should be made in about five national newspapers and their twitter pages.
He also said Olayinka should pay him 500 million naira while Kayode who was a former Minister of Transportation should part with 750 million naira.
The Minister said the money were compensation for the damages he had suffered from their various postings.
According to Amaechi he was not the owner of the luxury apartment and the money found in the place, adding that he also did not acquire an apartment in the place for a lady and does not own a house in Lagos state.
Amaechi who is also a former governor of Rivers state said the post painted him as an adulterous man whereas he is a happy family man, married to only one wife.
“In the spirit of a second chance we have our clients instruction to give you an ultimatum of 7 days from receipt of this letter to issue an apology in 5 national dailies and your twitter ha due . Your apology which should be heartfelt must be a total withdrawal of your claim and its imputation must also contain an expression of deep regret for this unwarranted attack and must also contain retraction of the false statement of yours.
We also demand from you as compensation for the malicious and defamatory claim. Please note that the demand will increase with time if you fail to retract the statement immediately. Failure to do any of these would be met with stiff legal actions which your defamatory act deserves .”,the counsel said.
“We have been inundated with calls concerning about a threat by Rotimi Amaechi to sue Chief Fani-Kayode for defamation over the 43 million USD issue. We are not any sleep over this matter. We have not received any court processes or letters from Ameachi but when we do so our lawyers will respond vigorously and appropiately. Thank you”- signed Jude Ndukwe, Special Advisor to Chief Femi Fani-Kayode on media.
The post Amaechi hands Fani-Kayode, Fayose's aide 7 days to retract posts appeared first on Vanguard News.
Carolina middle linebacker Luke Kuechly (59) and his Panthers teammates would win the NFC South by winning out and having the New Orleans Saints lose at least once. David T. Foster III TNS
Canon has two new DSLRs ready for the CP+ show, EOS 77D and EOS Rebel 7Ti, both featuring the popular focusing system for video. Besides some confusion created by the new designation for the EOS XX, both cameras show no interest for 4K video.
The use of the EOS 77D designation when the first rumors of the camera appeared, left everyone puzzled. It's true that Canon is reaching a point where it is difficult to choose what name to give new models, but with a EOS 70D and one EOS 80D in the market, where would the EOS 77D fit? Shouldn't there be a EOS 90D?
Well, we now know why it is a EOS 77D: it fits between the two models, being a little better than the EOS 70D and a little less sophisticated than the EOS 80D. The official announcement was hours away when I wrote this, but the rumour mills around the web – with some help from Canon, that always seems to let these “leaks” appear – have already defined what is the essential of this model in terms of specifications: 24Mpx, 45 AF points, 6fps, WiFi, Bluetooth and articulated touchscreen with an expected price of $899.
With the introduction of the EOS 77D Canon suggests that we may well, in the future, see more models following the same logic. If they do, it will be possible to keep the actual nomenclature for some more time: just imagine: EOS 81D, EOS 82D, EOS 83D, etc … They may also decide to jump five numbers each time, what probably makes more sense. Meaning they can create a EOS 85D, 90D, 95D, before having to rethink the whole XX series. But then, why did they not call this one EOS 75D? It's very confusing, really, also because, apparently, the EOS 77D is presented as a replacement for the EOS Rebel T6s. Canon, what are you doing?
Maybe, and that's my thinking, they will return to the initial designation, EOS D30 (launched in 2002, my first DSLR), and EOS D60, and go from there… Or maybe not, as then their cameras would sound much like Nikon models. Whatever they do, 4K continues to, seemingly, be distant from appearing in the EOS XX series, or, obviously, the EOS XXX series. In fact, the new EOS or Rebel 7Ti (EOS 800), which keeps in line with tradition when it comes to names, only offers Full HD (1080p/60). The same goes for the EOS 77D, so nothing new from Canon if you're after 4K. Interesting is that both offer a connection for an external microphone.
Now that we've the stage set, let's look at the official information from Canon, which is a mix of marketing and really interesting stuff… although I believe not for everyone. As confirmed, there is no 4K here, so all those in urgent need of 4K can go and read something else. For those interested, it is confirmed now that Canon takes Dual Pixel CMOS AF all the way done to the Rebel line. Doing so, they say that the “New Canon EOS Rebel T7i and EOS 77D cameras possess stunning autofocus capabilities” to which I add, “previously present in other models from Canon, starting on the EOS XX series”. That's more like it.
According to Canon, and it is true, “the EOS Rebel T7i is the first camera in the EOS Rebel series with a 45-point, all cross-type AF system (the number of AF points, cross-type AF points and Dual cross-type AF points vary depending on the lens used) within the Optical Viewfinder. It is also the first in the series with Dual Pixel CMOS AF with Phase-detection and the first with a DIGIC 7 Image Processor. Creative filters for both still images and video will allow users to customize the look and feel of their content in new and imaginative ways.”
Yes, Canon is taking Dual Pixel CMOS AF all the way to its entry level models, what makes sense, as a more sophisticated Dual Pixel CMOS AF, equally or more precise and ideal for video, is in development. This is the time, it seems, to extend the asset it represents to all Canons' DSLRs, especially when they are, as some suggest, a dying breed. Canon seems to think otherwise. For a complete coverage of the new products from Canon, read a separate news piece with updated information, other products launched and some extra notes.
Was This Post Helpful:
San Joaquin County's Elite Canines
Have you ever seen a puppy in a green-colored vest walking through Weberstown mall? Your immediate reaction is likely devastation, knowing you aren't allowed to touch the fluffy pooch, a guide dog puppy in training. But have you ever wondered what life is like for a guide dog?
Have you ever seen a puppy in a green-colored vest walking through Weberstown mall? Your immediate reaction is likely devastation, knowing you aren't allowed to touch the fluffy pooch, a guide dog puppy in training. But have you ever wondered what life is like for a guide dog? The journey to becoming a guide dog begins before a pup is born. At Guide Dogs for the Blind, a San Rafael-based non-profit with a local San Joaquin County Puppy Raising Chapter, working dogs are bred from a pool of carefully selected candidates from the Guide Dogs for the Blind Breeding Colony to ensure ideal health and temperament. Guide dogs get it from their mama (and papa). For the eight to ten years a guide dog is in service, it is responsible for the well-being and navigation of its handler—a blind or seeing impaired individual chosen to own them—helping them to ride the bus, run errands, travel, and keeping them out of danger's way.
“Becoming a working guide dog is the hardest job any dog can be asked to do,” says Linda Rubina, a puppy raiser who lives in Tracy. Born to be the best, these future guide dogs, however, are up to the challenge. “Most of them love having this job,” Lora Harrison, another puppy raiser in Tracy, says. “You grab the harness and they are all business. They know they have their little business suit on… and they work it.”
Introducing Puppy Raisers
Over the course of a guide dog's life, it will have (at least) three homes. A future guide dog lives with its parents for only eight weeks before moving on to the first phase of training. Its second family is a puppy raiser, a volunteer who handles the puppy's initial training phase from eight weeks old to about 15 months.
There are 16 puppies being raised in San Joaquin County from GDB and five active guide dogs.
“I get a puppy all the time,” Lora laughs. “To have an eight-week-old puppy plopped in your lap every year or so is pretty fun.”
Despite the many rules of training—dogs must be kept on the left side, dogs can't be taught to play ball or shake hands, etc.—Linda and Lora both assure that anyone can be a puppy raiser. The co-leaders agree the hardest part of training the pups is saying goodbye.
“We have to keep reminding ourselves that it is not our dog,” says Linda, who has raised guide dog puppies since 1979. “I've bonded with all of them. It's hard to let them go.”
For many families, like Lora and Linda who are co-leaders of San Joaquin County's local branch of GDB puppy raisers, the path to becoming a raiser started with their children. At high schools throughout the county, it's not uncommon for raising guide dogs to be a student's senior project—a project they must complete before graduation.
Lora's daughter, Meghan Harrison, raised two guide dog puppies while in high school. Today, Meghan is in college, but her mom still raises puppies for GDB.
“We were like six feet under by [the time Meghan graduated], we were totally immersed. I can't see us not doing this,” Lora says. “It's such a beneficial and rewarding thing.”
Lora is training the family's sixth puppy, Janelle, now. She is the offspring of one of Meghan's original dogs—named Myra—who was accepted into the breeding colony, a prestigious honor for a guide dog trainee.
“It's kind of a full circle kind of thing,” Lora says of taking Janelle.
Dogs in the breeding colony, as Lora explains it, are bred for ideal health and temperament, producing puppies that can be a successful guide dog for years, without any health factors inhibiting its service. GDB is vocal about their support for rescue dogs, too. For working dogs, breeding is just more reliable.
“We definitely celebrate when dogs become breeders similarly as we do when dogs become guides,” Alicia says. GDB's breeding department monitors litters from a successful lineage. “Some of our dogs are placed on breeder watch when they're a young puppy.”
Dogs who become breeders are honored with a ceremony much like a graduation. For Myra, the ceremony was especially meaningful. The black lab walked her puppy raiser Meghan at her high school graduation, and for Myra's ceremony, Lora returned the favor.
Dogs train daily while living with raisers, but it's not as intense as it sounds. Most of the techniques require positive reinforcement for good behavior (a GDB training requirement) and socialization. “Right now I'm training because she's sitting at my feet and waiting for me to finish,” Lora explains as she's on the phone. “The actual training to get to this point is consistently every five minutes… it's just something we do in our everyday life so it doesn't feel like training.”
Puppies and raisers aren't alone. Future guide dogs socialize together, and so do the raisers. The SJ County chapter of puppy raisers—who come from Tracy, Manteca, Ripon, Stockton, and Lathrop—host both social and educational meetings. Educational meetings teach participants proper care, introduce training protocols, and, most importantly, offer support to ensure dogs are getting the best from the raisers. Social outings have a training aspect, as well. They help the puppy adapt to situations it will need to thrive in with its handler post-graduation, such as bowling and seasonal visits to Santa. Every Halloween puppies are mummy-wrapped in toilet paper. It's ridiculously cute, but it also serves a purpose.
“The puppies need to be used to being handled a lot… they can't be overly sensitive to touch,” Linda explains.
Onto Formal Training
To become a guide dog, trainees must pass formal training. With GDB that means 12 weeks spent expanding on skills started in the home, including leading a person in a straight line from point A to point B, stopping for all changes in elevation, including curbs and stairs, stopping for overhead obstacles, such as tree limbs, and avoiding obstacles in its path. When these skills are mastered and the dog has been properly trained, it's ready for graduation.
Emotionally, puppy raisers are there every step of the way. During training, dogs are given weekly report cards, which are sent to raisers.
“I just kind of hover around my computer to see which training phase my dogs are in. We don't really lose touch with them,” Linda shares.
Graduation day is a proud day for these accomplished dogs. It's the day that guide dogs and their new handlers are celebrated as official guide dog teams. It's also the day two families merge. At graduation, the raiser officially presents the dog to its new owner, the handler. The ceremonial handoff is emotional for all involved and a lot of Kleenexes is shared on graduation day.
“It gives you purpose for why you're doing this,” Lora says of meeting the handlers. She's always impressed with how well matched the guide dog teams are.
“When they graduate, that's what it's all about,” Linda says.
Before each ceremony, handlers and raisers meet and share stories with the dog, forming relationships that last long after the hand-off has been completed.
“Graduation day was so emotional,” says Michele Carson, a handler who received her first guide dog through GDB. “[I met] the family who selflessly raised my beautiful Rhiannon. My heart was filled with so many feelings as I got to meet the people that gave me so much.”
“The connections afterward I think are even more incredible,” says Lora, who stays in touch with handlers in Kansas City, MO and Canada. “They always say, there's always a piece of a puppy raisers heart in every guide dog–and it's true! A piece of my heart is in Canada and in Kansas City, MO but I know what they're doing.”
Serving its Handler
For Michele, a guide dog was a dream come true. “I honestly was jumping up and down when I got [the call saying I was approved for a guide dog],” Michele says. She describes meeting her guide, Rhiannon, as the most amazing experience of her life. “[Rhiannon] makes me feel courageous and safe. She has brought so much joy, freedom, and love.”
Michele and Rhiannon are celebrating a three-year anniversary in November. Since Rhiannon went home with Michele in 2014, they have created a partnership; they are a team. Rhiannon spends her days taking Michele on her daily routes. Together they pick up Michele's prescriptions, go to coffee, buy groceries, and go on adventures with family.
“She also flies with me to Southern California for doctors appointments. She takes me through the airport and to the gate. My family has piece of mind and even when I travel with them they can just be my family and let Rhiannon be my amazing guide,” Michele says.
Rhiannon serves Michele selflessly. It's not just her job, Michele is her family.
“Many of our clients lead full and successful lives without our dogs,” Alicia says. “What our guide dogs bring is an enhanced level of independence and mobility that many people either don't know is possible or a level of independence and mobility that our clients weren't able to achieve through the use of [a] white cane or [other assistance device].”
Headed For Retirement
After service, guide dogs are granted retirement. A retired guide dog often remains with its handler, or moves to a third—and final—home to hang its guide dog harness and enjoy their golden years off the job. The exact age for retirement varies, but for healthy dogs, it's after about eight to ten years of service with a handler. It's a time for the dog to become just a dog—enjoying companionship and getting to relax on the rules they've endured throughout life.
“Choosing the right time to retire a guide is never an easy decision to make,” Alicia says. “If the guide dog is still healthy and performing in a way that is mutually beneficial… then we do try to keep those partnerships active.”
At home, guide dogs were likely always allowed to be normal dogs. But the second that harness went on, everything changed. “This dog is going for a job and they know they are important but they have so much fun doing it and you can see it on their faces,” Lora shares.
In some cases, a guide dog is able to retire with its handler, no longer working as a guide dog. In other cases, a family member of the handler will adopt the dog. If neither of those scenarios is possible, guide dogs are brought back to GDB and adopted out within the GDB community, sometimes to the dog's original puppy raiser.
Home three is the dog's final resting place. But don't feel bad for the dog that lived with three families (or more) only just now coming to its forever home. For the dog's entire life, becoming a guide is what it has known and the entirety of that journey is spent with humans—raisers, trainers, handlers—who love and celebrate them. As puppies, they were cared for; at graduation they were heralded; throughout service they were rewarded and appreciated; and in retirement, guide dogs will continue to be loved by all who have had the pleasure of knowing them.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
LEXINGTON, KY (CBSMiami) — Communities across the south are taking a critical look at Confederate monuments, and in some cases, are tearing them down, causing emotions to run high.
The mayor of Lexington, Kentucky is moving quickly to relocate two Confederate monuments from outside a historic former courthouse, following Saturday's deadly violence in Charlottesville.
“Mayors are on the razor's edge. When you see the tension. When you see the violence that we saw in Charlottesville, then you know that we must act,” said Lexington Mayor Jim Gray.
The Lexington monuments were built near the historic site of one of the country's largest slave auction blocks.
“I don't think it's right… that we would honor and glorify Confederate men who fought to preserve slavery. And honor them on the very grounds that slaves were once sold at auction,” said Gray.
But he is likely to face strong opposition.
After the city of Charlottesville approved the removal of the statue of Robert E. Lee earlier this year, it was targeted by the Ku Klux Klan and white nationalists.
In New Orleans, city leaders faced two years of court battles and a handful of violent protests over their plan to remove four confederate landmarks.
The Southern Poverty Law Center has found 1,500 symbols or places that pay homage to confederate leaders and says there have been at least 100 state and local attempts to remove the monuments or provide more historical context.
Some who want the monuments to stay say removing them is erasing an important part of the country's past and see them as landmarks throughout the South.
“I don't see any issues. I think they ought to just leave them alone and leave them where they are. They're part of history,” said resident Don Martina.
Kentucky citizens fought on both sides of the Civil War, which is why the mayor wants the statues to stand nearby their union counterparts in a park.
After a college football coach dared to stand up for 10 black players' legal rights, a mob of at least 3,000 has petitioned for the University of Minnesota's president and athletic director to fire him.
Such is today's campus witch-hunt culture.
Coach Tracy Claeys committed the heresy of questioning whether UMinn's Title IX adjudication denied his players due process, and supposedly enlightened liberal activists now want him charred at the stake for it.
The controversy began earlier this past fall, when several football players and one female student had a pervy sexual encounter the night after the Gophers beat Oregon State. An 82-page report by the university's Title IX office leaves no question that these men treated the young woman with cringeworthy disrespect and acted with a profound lack of wisdom.
But there's a legal difference between an orgy and a gang-rape.
Part of the sexual encounter was taped, and police who reviewed it described the alleged victim as “lucid, alert, somewhat playful and fully conscious,” adding that she appeared a consenting participant. The Hennepin County Attorney's office didn't press charges, citing insufficient evidence.
Absent proof of guilt, the football players involved remained innocent in the eyes of the law.
Not so at the University of Minnesota.
In its own report, the university's Title IX office admitted that to discipline the 10 football players, it had only to conclude that “it is more likely than not that an alleged sexual assault or harassment occurred.” The Foundation for Individual Rights in Education puts it slightly differently: The university must “be only 50.01 percent certain when determining whether a student committed an offense.”
Based on that meager standard, the University of Minnesota named, shamed and suspended 10 football players.
Yet the university's own Title IX report, leaked this month, is far from conclusive.
It notes that the alleged victim told witnesses she thought she may have been raped, “but I am not really sure,” and that she initially viewed the sexual encounter as “an in-between situation and that she would feel bad for the men if she told the police.”
Her account also had numerous inconsistencies — which the university attributed to “a very traumatic experience, rather than to a lack of care or truthfulness.”
Administrators offered no such good faith to the football players.
Outraged by their teammates' suspension on such dubious grounds, the Gophers held a brief walkout before Christmas.
Their demand: the university simply provide the men with a fair hearing.
Coach Claeys stood behind his team. “I want everybody to understand, the boycott was around the due process, period,” he said. The coach bemoaned how some would doubtless confuse this stance as “pro-sexual assault,” so to reinforce his sincerity, Claeys also pledged to donate $50,000 to organizations supporting rape survivors.
The University of Minnesota's suspended athletes make for an unlikely, and perhaps unsympathetic cause to rally behind, perhaps — but it's not just their futures at risk. FIRE has tracked more than 130 cases where students say they've been wrongly disciplined under Title IX, many of them in circumstances far milder than the Gophers' degenerate night of copulation.
Moreover, men aren't the only victims of the Obama administration's Title IX requirements. All survivors of sexual assault deserve to have their case examined by trained investigators and prosecuted under the full force of the law. Campus adjudication puts victims' privacy at risk and subjects their trauma to an amateur probe.
Coach Claeys' stand against this injudicious Title IX system took courage.
The University of Minnesota would do well to show similar grit and guts.
Administrators could start by announcing the coach will keep his job.
Image copyright EPA Image caption President Trump says he is the victim of a "witch hunt"
Senior Democrats have warned President Donald Trump not to use a controversial memo as a "pretext" to fire the special counsel investigating alleged Russian involvement in the US election.
They warned that such action could trigger a constitutional crisis not seen since the Nixon era.
The memo, written by Republicans, accuses the FBI of abusing its powers.
President Trump approved the declassification of the memo and said it revealed a disgraceful story.
It accuses the FBI and the justice department of using an unsubstantiated and Democratic-funded report to obtain the warrant that gave permission to spy on an aide to Mr Trump.
Democrats said the release of the memo was aimed at disrupting investigations into alleged links between the Trump campaign and the Kremlin. President Trump has consistently denied any such collusion.
The FBI had warned against the memo's release and said key facts had been omitted.
What have Democrats said?
Democrats say the memo, released on Friday, is a "shameful effort to discredit" the FBI and inquiries into Russian meddling.
In a statement, Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, House Minority Nancy Pelosi and eight other senior Democrats warned Mr Trump against trying to sack special counsel Robert Mueller or the deputy attorney general, Rod Rosenstein.
"We write to inform you that we would consider such an unwarranted action as an attempt to obstruct justice in the Russia investigation," the statement said.
They said such action could result in a constitutional crisis not seen since the 1970s when then President Richard Nixon gave orders to fire justice officials involved in the Watergate scandal.
The White House later said "no changes" would be made at the Department of Justice and Mr Rosenstein was fully expected to continue in his job.
What is in the memo?
It focuses on the court-approved wiretapping of Carter Page, a foreign policy adviser to the Trump campaign who was put under electronic surveillance by the FBI.
But the memo accuses the FBI and the justice department of using unsubstantiated evidence to obtain the October 2016 warrant.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Special Counsel Robert Mueller is leading the inquiry into alleged Russian interference in the US election
It says that they did not tell the authorities their claim to the warrant was partially based on a dossier funded in part by the rival campaign of Hillary Clinton.
It also says that the author of that dossier, a former British intelligence agent called Christopher Steele, told a senior justice department official that he was "desperate" that Donald Trump not win the vote.
What have Republicans said?
Republicans who support the release of the memo say it exposes malpractice and political bias within the FBI and justice department.
Asked about the contents of the memo, Mr Trump said a lot of people should be "ashamed of themselves".
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption "I think it's terrible...I think it's a disgrace", Trump said of the controversial memo
Earlier on Friday the president accused top officials of politicising FBI and justice department investigations to damage his Republican party.
Devin Nunes, who commissioned the memo, has said it shows "serious violations" of public trust and he hopes it will trigger reforms.
Mr Page said he would use the memo in upcoming legal action against the justice department.
But not all Republicans supported the release of the memo.
Senator John McCain accused his party colleagues, and Mr Trump, of playing into the hands of Russian President Vladimir Putin.
"Our nation's elected officials, including the president, must stop looking at this investigation through the warped lens of politics and manufacturing partisan sideshows," he said in a statement.
"If we continue to undermine our own rule of law, we are doing Putin's job for him."
What other reaction has there been?
Former FBI Director James Comey, who was fired by President Trump in May, tweeted that the memo was "dishonest and misleading".
Skip Twitter post by @Comey That's it? Dishonest and misleading memo wrecked the House intel committee, destroyed trust with Intelligence Community, damaged relationship with FISA court, and inexcusably exposed classified investigation of an American citizen. For what? DOJ & FBI must keep doing their jobs. — James Comey (@Comey) February 2, 2018 Report
The current Director, Christopher Wray, in an email to staff, said: "Talk is cheap; the work you do is what will endure.
"I stand by our shared determination to do our work independently and by the book. I stand with you," he said.
Analysis: Bomb or dud?
By the BBC's North America reporter Anthony Zurcher
The mystery is over, the memo is out, and the results are… pretty much what everyone expected.
Whether the Republican-generated document is as explosive as it had been made out to be depends on how one views the now-infamous Christopher Steele dossier and whether one believes the memo's assertion that it was an "essential part" of the Carter Page Fisa warrant's approval - or if there was other pertinent information the Republican memo-writers omitted.
The memo makes the case that the Fisa judge should have been told about information about Steele that could call his objectivity into question - including his expressed views about Donald Trump, his contacts with the press and the fact that his investigation was funded, in part, by Democratic Party interests.
Would such a disclosure have been enough to make the Page warrant request one of only a handful of the tens of thousands of Fisa applications that have been rejected by judges since the system was set up in 1978? And is the surveillance of Page - who had drawn the attention of US intelligence services as far back as 2013 - enough to call into question the entire Russia investigation, which had been initiated months before the warrant was approved?
The answers to those questions will determine whether the memo was a bomb or a dud.
Read more from Anthony
""What is amazing is that whatever issues they are having at home, whatever is missing from their lives or causes them pain, our school is theirs""
Andria Zafirakou Winner, Global Teacher Prize
Best Snowy Destinations For A Cozy Cottage GetawayFrom the moderately priced to over the top, here are five of the best snowy destinations to stay this year for a cozy cottage getaway
MSP Airport Flight Operations Return To Normal Operations are back to normal at Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport after gusty winds on Monday disrupted flight schedules.
Saving Space: How To Pack Your Bulky Winter ClothingFive suggestions on how to avoid baggage fees by packing all of your winter clothing in a single carry on and personal item
5 Best U.S. Cities To Ring In 2017Five of the best American cities to celebrate when the clock strikes twelve.
Copyright by WANE - All rights reserved
ALBANY, N.Y. (AP) - The New York state comptroller's office says the nation's four most-populated states carry the highest total amount of credit card debt, with California leading the way followed by Texas, Florida and New York.
Democratic Comptroller Thomas DiNapoli says in a report released Tuesday that Californians had racked up more than $106.8 billion in credit card debt by the end of 2017.
The Lone Star State was No. 2 at $67.3 billion, followed by Florida with $59.2 billion and New York with $58.1 billion.
Rounding out the top 10 are Pennsylvania ($33.2 billion), Illinois ($32.2 billion), New Jersey ($29.6 billion), Ohio ($26.7 billion), Virginia ($26.5 billion) and Georgia ($26.3 billion).
DiNapoli says the totals were based on statistics compiled in February by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.
If former First Lady Michelle Obama had ever taken time off from her busy vacation schedule to visit a home for abused kids, there is no question that the press would have plastered it in headlines all over the world. But when First Lady Melania Trump is the one giving, it barely makes the local news.
On Friday, Melania went to HomeSafe in Lake Worth, FL. The organization houses victims of domestic violence and abuse. They were extraordinarily grateful for the First Lady's appearance:
Today we were excited to have @FLOTUS visit our girls group home in Lake Worth.Thank you for taking the time to listen & talk with the girls pic.twitter.com/v0OqECxqDa — HomeSafe (@HomeSafeFla) April 14, 2017
“This is a day that the girls will never forget,” HomeSafe CEO Matthew Ladika told the Post. “It was extra special and touching.”
The 40 boys and seven girls have been placed in the home by court order. Melania brought stuffed bunnies and Easter baskets for them.
It's not surprising that major news networks have yet to report on the visit. It doesn't go along with the anti-Trump storyline they've been pushing on us for months.
The ongoing race to develop new options for human spaceflight has brought us Elon Musk's SpaceX, the Jeff Bezos-fronted Blue Origin, and Boeing's CST-100 Starliner, among others. Of course, the bastion of space inquiry in the U.S. remains the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. NASA has inspired generations of kids to dream about space and new frontiers.
Though the realization of space tourism remains a few years off — as does the prospect of a Mars colony — you can still put yourself in the place of an astronaut for Halloween. Regardless of age, donning a jumpsuit with vaguely space-related insignia on it has long been a favorite costume idea. We've collected options for anyone from toddler to adult so you and your family can go out as an entire flight crew this year.
For all those that wish to explore the cosmos, here are the top ten best astronaut costumes for Halloween.
1. Aeromax Jr. NASA Flight Suit
Probably the most realistic costume on this list is aimed at the youngest crowd. The sooner you get your kids to imagine worlds beyond our own, the sooner you can engage them in STEM fields and help them realize their vision for the future. This costume includes the blue jumpsuit and hat, both with NASA details. Aeromax also offers white and orange variations. You can also get a helmet for use in place of the cap.
Price: $30.59 to $44.99
2. Disguise Blast Off Astronaut Toddler Costume
For something a little more fantastic, try this spaceman suit. The additional detail here is in the faux muscle torso. This is a one-piece jumpsuit with the belt attached. The fabric helmet helmet is also included and completes the look.
Price: $22.02 to $29.55
3. Boo Inc. Adventuring Astronaut Children's Costume
This option comes off looking a bit more realistic; something more akin to the European Space Agency's suit. The “Star Marshall” badge is fiction, but provides a nice semi-official looking detail. This includes just the jumpsuit, but you could add boots, if you watned.
Price: $12.99 to $24.99
4. Rubie's Child's Astronaut Costume
Here's an option for kids who look forward to a spacewalk someday. The inflatable oxygen tank is included in this set, alongside the jumpsuit, boot tops, vest, helmet, and gloves. The helmet includes the face shield, while the jumpsuit bears the NASA insignia.
Price: $28.17 to $33.99
5. Disguise Toy Story Buzz Lightyear Deluxe Costume
Okay, true, Buzz Lightyear isn't an astronaut. He's more of a man from space. But since we included Woody on our cowboy costumes post, we thought it was close enough to include here. This is just the jumpsuit, which makes a perfectly good costume. If you want to go all out, you can get the helmet, gloves, jetpack, and even a blaster.
Price: $19.50 to $27.87
6. Underwraps Costumes Astronaut Costume
Much like the kid's version above, this is a NASA-badged adult astronaut costume. It's technically billed as being for men, with the women's variant here (and a further women's option here) . This is just the jumpsuit, but you could dress it up further with a helmet, gloves, backpack, or just a simple NASA cap.
Price: $20.33 to $82.04
7. Roma Costume Space Astronaut Commander Costume
Naturally, for every costume concept out there, a “sexy” version must exist. If that's what you're looking for, try this version. It's a little more sci-fi than NASA, giving off a cool fleet commander vibe. This is just the catsuit, but you can add the other accessories to complete, if you like.
Price: $109.99
8. Underwraps Men's Orange Astronaut Costume
The International Orange suits worn by astronauts are used for ascent and entry, the shade specifically chosen because it stands out from the landscape in the event that a search and rescue operation is needed. If orange suits you, opt for this jumpsuit. A version for women is also available.
Price: $31.16 (22 percent off MSRP)
9. Smiffy's Men's Spaceman Costume
If you wanted something a little shinier, consider this space age looking suit. Ostensibly to ward off radiation of all kinds, this flashy outfit recalls 60s sci-fi. For a similarly fantastic option, consider the Fever Space Cadet costume for women.
Price: $39.99
10. Fitco Pet Astronaut Dog Costume
Of course, if you plan to head out as an entire flight crew with your family, you can't leave out the dog. This doesn't really look anything like what an astronaut would wear, but it does transform your dog into a little walking spaceman. It'll do the job and look adorable as you all trick-or-treat together.
Price: $14.99
For more costume ideas, check out our Halloween category for posts from our whole team.
Heavy, Inc. is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by linking to Amazon. Our product recommendations are guided solely by our editors. We have no relationship with manufacturers.
Image copyright Kent County Council Image caption Specialist crews are still assessing the situation
People who had to leave their homes after a large sinkhole opened up in Kent are preparing to spend a second night in temporary accommodation.
The 6ft (2m) void opened up in the A26 in Maidstone on Monday evening.
Maidstone Borough Council said it was still offering temporary accommodation to all affected and expected a further update later.
Highways authority Kent County Council (KCC) said the scene was still being assessed and specialists were on site.
Residents moved from their homes have been allowed day access to the properties but have not been allowed sustained access or to stay overnight.
A KCC spokesman said investigations continued on Wednesday and it was not yet known what had caused the sinkhole to appear.
Image copyright Lauren Bourke Image caption Police closed off the road before it fell through
Image copyright Lauren Bourke Image caption The road sank slowly for about 45 minutes before the collapse, a witness said
KCC Highways tweeted on Wednesday that road closures remain in place.
Preliminary investigations said the collapse was "both significant and severe with the collapse currently visible on site representing a larger void underneath the road."
It was suggested the void underneath the surface stretched from kerb to kerb for 65ft (20m).
The main route had numerous pipes and ducts under the surface for utilities and services including gas, water and electricity, the council said.
It said work would involve significant liaison with utility firms and significant care when excavating the road which may affect the timescale of the work.
KCC has said repairs could take weeks.
Witnesses described a police car overtaking vehicles and blocking the A26, just before part of it collapsed.
Motorists said they heard a "crunching sound" before the sinkhole appeared.
Sheriff Joe Arpaio revives Obama 'birther' conspiracy Disgraced Arizona lawman Joe Arpaio on Wednesday renewed crazy claims that former President Barack Obama's birth certificate “is a forgery” — and he wants Congress to investigate that conspiracy theory...
Parent battles to have baby's gender listed 'U' for 'unknown' A parent who identifies as a “non-binary trans person” is campaigning for their baby to be issued the world's first “gender unknown” birth certificate. Canadian Kori Doty, who has a...
Seven women flee 'Isis' – on a birth certificate Seven women have filed to drop the name Isis, an Egyptian goddess' name now known as the acronym of the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria. Their new names are...
Typo from 60 years ago means I can't get birth certificate: suit A Queens man whose last name is misspelled on his birth certificate says he's in a bureaucratic Catch-22 — which city workers won't fix unless he brings his parents back...
Trump flip-flops and says Obama was born in America After five years as the leading booster of the “birther” movement, Donald Trump conceded during a circus-like event Friday that President Obama was born in the United States. The GOP...
Trump campaign: Obama was born in the US Donald Trump's presidential campaign released a statement Thursday saying he now “believes President Obama was born in the United States” — leading Hillary Clinton to denounce him as “the man...
Transgender group awarded legal fees in discrimination suit A group of transgender New Yorkers has won legal fees in a lawsuit against the city — even after the Department of Health changed its policy on sex designations for...
NYC won't recognize surrogate-born son's actual parents A Manhattan couple's legal odyssey to get their names on the birth certificate of their own son — who was born using a surrogate — illustrates the frustrations involved with...
Hillary denies starting birther movement against Obama Hillary Rodham Clinton swore Wednesday she didn't start the birther movement against Barack Obama during the 2008 Democratic presidential primary campaign. Clinton, during a radio interview, rejected accusations by Donald...
Vote For Minnesota's Best Hard Cider The air's getting crisp, every store has some form of pumpkin spice in stock, and fall is sweeping into Minnesota!
Guide To 2017 Labor Day Weekend Events In MinnesotaSporting and cultural events will mark the transition from summer to fall during the Labor Day weekend. Minnesota will feature some of the best entertainment productions. While baseball features prominently on many Labor Day weekend schedules, for other activities a weekend guide can be useful.
Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
Zombie ants clamp onto aerial vegetation and hang on for months spewing the spores of their parasitic fungi, but they don't always clamp on to the same part of the plant. Now researchers know why.
The choice of leaves or twigs is related to climate changes that force the fungi to adapt to local conditions.
“In tropical areas, zombie ants bite onto leaves, but in temperate areas, they bite twigs or bark,” says David P. Hughes, associate professor of entomology and biology at Penn State.
Zombie ant spores fall on ants from above and the fungus multiplies in the ant body using it as a source of nutrition. Eventually, the fungus manipulates the ant to climb high into the branches and clamp on by biting. If an infected ant dies in the colony or on the ground it has zero chance of infecting another ant, so positioning the ant bodies where fungi can be widely distributed is essential.
“In the late summer and early fall there are both leaves and twigs everywhere the ants reside,” says Raquel G. Loreto, postdoctoral scholar in entomology. “But in temperate areas the trees are deciduous and lose their leaves in the fall. There, the ants bite onto twigs.”
Tropical forests are almost completely evergreen, remaining in leaf year round. Many temperate forest trees drop all their leaves in the fall.
Biting and leg-wrapping
Zombie ants are actually various species of carpenter ants that are infected with a parasitic fungus. About half the species of carpenter ants can be infected and each species has its own fungus. The zombie ant phenomena occur around the globe on all continents except Europe. However, a fossil zombie ant was found in Germany, so they did once exist in Europe as well.
“They are probably not in Europe because the forests there are so managed,” Hughes says. “They likely went locally extinct there.”
The German fossil, which dates to around 47 million years ago, shows the ant biting into a leaf. During that era, wet evergreen forests ranged from the equator nearly to the North and South poles. Because all the forests were evergreen, all the zombie ants would have chosen to bite into leaves.
Then, as the climate cooled, temperate forests grew in the northernmost and southernmost areas worldwide. Zombie ants in those areas that bit on leaves would have quickly ended up on the ground when the leaves fell. The fungal species that manipulated its host onto leaves would not successfully reproduce.
This implies there was a strong force of natural selection acting on where the ant host was manipulated. Over time, the fungi evolved so that in temperate areas, zombie ants are manipulated to bite onto twigs or bark.
“Some of the ants do not simply bite the twigs, but wrap their back legs around the twig and hold on,” says Loreto. “They probably do this because biting twigs in not enough to hold them on.”
This manipulative behavior developed in temperate areas around the globe, according to the new study, which appears in Evolution.
Researchers looked at three separate areas. First they determined that tropical zombie ants always bite leaves and temperate zombie ants always bite twigs and bark and that 90 percent of the dead temperate ants found have their legs wrapped around the twigs.
They then determined that leaf biting, rather than twig biting, was the ancestral trait—the approach originally used when the world was much warmer. They also determined that the twig biting behavior evolved at different times in different places, making it a convergently evolved trait in temperate areas arising independently in different locations—in this case North America and Japan.
An honorary name
Much of the work involved looking at samples of zombie ants wherever they were available—museums, other collections, photographs, and previously compiled datasets.
“We had a great asset here who is Kim Fleming,” Hughes says. “Kim is a citizen scientist whose property in South Carolina is festooned with zombie ants hanging on trees. As both an excellent photographer and natural historian, Kim was able to collect detailed data for us on the zombie ants over 18 months by taking continual images of samples on her land. This was precious data that would have been very hard to collect.
“Kim is an author of this paper, but perhaps the greatest recognition of her importance is that the fungal species infecting carpenter ants in South Carolina is now named after her, Ophiocordyceps kimflemingiae.”
Climate pressure
Further, researchers looked at the phylogenetic relationship of the various fungi by examining extracted DNA from as many samples as possible and discovered that genetically, twig biting and leg wrapping developed independently to adapt the fungi to temperate vegetation.
“We can estimate that these changes occurred between 40 and 20 million years ago,” Hughes says. “However, because of the scarcity of zombie ant fossils, we can't be any more specific than that at the moment.”
Whenever climates change—getting either warmer or colder, wetter or dryer—plants and animals either adapt or die out. Zombie ant fungi also adapted well to the changing environment around them and their manipulation of carpenter ants ensured their survival up to today.
“What is remarkable here is that we have shown that the complex manipulation of an animal by microbe has responded to selection pressure the climate imposes on animals and plants,” Hughes says. “That was a cool finding that really excited us.”
Additional coauthors are from Penn State, the US Department of Agriculture, and The Field Museum.
The National Science Foundation, the National Institutes of Health and the National Academies Keck Futures Initiative-Collective Behavior: From Cells to Societies program supported the work.
Source: Penn State
YORK SPRINGS, Pa. — Authorities say more than 100,000 chickens died in a fire that destroyed a barn at a Pennsylvania commercial egg farm in Pennsylvania.
The blaze at Hillandale Farms in Tyrone Township was reported around 5:45 a.m. Saturday. Tyrone is about 29 miles (46 kilometers) southwest of Harrisburg.
A Heidlersburg Fire Company captain said flames were visible above the roof of the 600-foot (183-meter) barn by the time fire crews arrived.
Crews concentrated on keeping the blaze from spreading to other buildings. Three firefighters were treated at the scene, two for dehydration and one for a laceration.
The fire chief said adjacent chicken houses were undamaged and the animals unharmed. The burned building was destroyed.
Officials said the cause of the fire is still under investigation. It's believed to have been accidental.
The Military Order of the Purple Heart, USA designated Hancock County a Purple Heart community today Purple Heart Recipients Honored In Hancock County The Military Order of the Purple Heart, USA designated Hancock County a Purple Heart community today
Fifth Third Bank brought their eBus to Findlay to discuss finances. eBus Fifth Third Bank brought their eBus to Findlay to discuss finances.
read more » Blanchard River Watershed Partnership held a demonstration on the Sand Wand, a device made by Stream Streamside read more » Blanchard River Watershed Partnership held a demonstration on the Sand Wand, a device made by Stream
Fallen Police Officers in the area were honored at a memorial service Monday evening. police memorial Fallen Police Officers in the area were honored at a memorial service Monday evening.
read more » German officials and the founder of Mitec Automotive met with Findlay leaders Tuesday. Minister Pres Mitec Automotive Poised For Future Growth In Findlay read more » German officials and the founder of Mitec Automotive met with Findlay leaders Tuesday. Minister Pres
read more » Life Flight offered Training to local firefighters on how to properly handle landing zone operations Life Flight read more » Life Flight offered Training to local firefighters on how to properly handle landing zone operations
read more » The Hancock County Opiate Task Force offered free community Naloxone training to combat opioid overd Naloxone read more » The Hancock County Opiate Task Force offered free community Naloxone training to combat opioid overd
ODOT and the Ohio State Highway Patrol want you to drive cautiously in the construction zones. Construction Zone Safety ODOT and the Ohio State Highway Patrol want you to drive cautiously in the construction zones.
read more » A Town Hall meeting was held so that residents of Hancock County could talk about what they think ne Opioid meeting read more » A Town Hall meeting was held so that residents of Hancock County could talk about what they think ne
read more » Bluffton University President Dr. James Harder talked about the memorial service for the 2007 Blufft Bluffton Memorial read more » Bluffton University President Dr. James Harder talked about the memorial service for the 2007 Blufft
read more » Hancock County EMA Director Lee Swisher shows us how the "I Am Responding" app is helping Mobile Phone App Aiding Hancock County Volunteer Fire Departments read more » Hancock County EMA Director Lee Swisher shows us how the "I Am Responding" app is helping
Mike Engbert talks to us about why labor unions are upset with the project. Labor Unions Protest Marathon Pipeline Project Near Kenton Mike Engbert talks to us about why labor unions are upset with the project.
read more » Cass Township Trustee Jerry Wolford talks to us about problems they've been having at the townsh Cass Township Trustees Discuss Issues With Recycling Area read more » Cass Township Trustee Jerry Wolford talks to us about problems they've been having at the townsh
read more » Sheriff Mike Heldman tells us why more money needs to be set aside for inmate housing through at lea Additional Money Needed To House Hancock County Jail Inmates In Other Counties read more » Sheriff Mike Heldman tells us why more money needs to be set aside for inmate housing through at lea
Lydia Mihalik discusses what a pavement study for the city encompasses... Findlay Mayor Lydia Mihalik Talks About Pavement Assessment Lydia Mihalik discusses what a pavement study for the city encompasses...
read more » Cooper Tire & Rubber wants local 8th graders to learn more about what manufacturing jobs look like i Manufacturing Days At Cooper Tire read more » Cooper Tire & Rubber wants local 8th graders to learn more about what manufacturing jobs look like i
read more » Several dignitaries and local veterans were on hand to dedicate the water tower on Findlay's nor Water Tower Dedicated to Area Veterans read more » Several dignitaries and local veterans were on hand to dedicate the water tower on Findlay's nor
read more » Community members and law enforcement officials got together Tuesday for National Night Out festivit National Night Out In Findlay read more » Community members and law enforcement officials got together Tuesday for National Night Out festivit
read more » The wives of two Hancock County sheriff's deputies organize an effort to show appreciation to lo Back the Blue in Findlay read more » The wives of two Hancock County sheriff's deputies organize an effort to show appreciation to lo
A sneak preview at what will be featured at the 2016 Findlay Military Show. 2016 Findlay Military Show A sneak preview at what will be featured at the 2016 Findlay Military Show.
read more » 4th Grade students from Chamberlain Hill Elementary spend a day at the Hancock Historical Museum lea Students Learn About Government And Voting read more » 4th Grade students from Chamberlain Hill Elementary spend a day at the Hancock Historical Museum lea
A partial train derailment happened this morning in Fostoria. Doug Jenkins reported from the scene. Train Derailment in Fostoria A partial train derailment happened this morning in Fostoria. Doug Jenkins reported from the scene.
read more » Hancock County Job & Family Services Director Diana Hoover talks about child abuse and its causes in Child Abuse Prevention month read more » Hancock County Job & Family Services Director Diana Hoover talks about child abuse and its causes in
read more » A new video feature from WFIN Radio. WFIN Originals. Dr. Michael Anders, Professor of Music at The U WFIN Originals: Tribute To Dr. Michael Anders read more » A new video feature from WFIN Radio. WFIN Originals. Dr. Michael Anders, Professor of Music at The U
read more » The University of Findlay held a naturalization ceremony this afternoon to welcome and honor 16 new UF Naturalization Ceremony read more » The University of Findlay held a naturalization ceremony this afternoon to welcome and honor 16 new
This video is private. Private video This video is private. {ytthumb}
BVC Game
read more » The Inspire Kids Event hosted by the Campus Program Board at the University of Findlay. People can s UF Inspires Kids read more » The Inspire Kids Event hosted by the Campus Program Board at the University of Findlay. People can s
read more » A panel on the unknown local stories of immigration was held tonight at Glendale Middle School. The Unknown Stories Of Immigration In Hancock County read more » A panel on the unknown local stories of immigration was held tonight at Glendale Middle School. The
read more » Findlay was recently named the top micropolitan community in the nation by Site Selection Magazine. WFIN Explains: Site Selection Magazine Rankings read more » Findlay was recently named the top micropolitan community in the nation by Site Selection Magazine.
read more » The University of Findlay offered an informational seminar on how Naloxone is used to save people wh Naloxone Seminar At The University Of Findlay read more » The University of Findlay offered an informational seminar on how Naloxone is used to save people wh
read more » Plenty has transpired since a sexual assault was reported on the UF campus in 2014, resulting in the WFIN Timeline: UF Sexual Assault Case read more » Plenty has transpired since a sexual assault was reported on the UF campus in 2014, resulting in the
Your Voice, Your Vote
Hancock County Commissioner Forum. A debate between Brian Robertson and John Harrington. Hancock County Commissioner Forum Hancock County Commissioner Forum. A debate between Brian Robertson and John Harrington.
read more » POLITICAL FORUM FOR 83rd OHIO HOUSE DISTRICT BETWEEN CANDIDATES KEVIN RETTIG AND ROBERT SPRAGUE,8 Fe Political Forum for 83rd Ohio House District read more » POLITICAL FORUM FOR 83rd OHIO HOUSE DISTRICT BETWEEN CANDIDATES KEVIN RETTIG AND ROBERT SPRAGUE,8 Fe
Super Bowl 50 is on February 7th and every football you'll see in the game was made in Ada Ohio. Building Footballs In Ada Super Bowl 50 is on February 7th and every football you'll see in the game was made in Ada Ohio.
read more » Snow plow drivers will be out in force this winter. Here is a look at all the things they are requir An Eye On Snow Plowing read more » Snow plow drivers will be out in force this winter. Here is a look at all the things they are requir
read more » The Marathon Center For Performing Arts in Findlay Ohio opens its doors on Friday December 18th 2015 Marathon Center for Performing Arts Opens read more » The Marathon Center For Performing Arts in Findlay Ohio opens its doors on Friday December 18th 2015
description UF Partners with Cleveland Browns description
read more » The engineering and CAD students at Millstream Career Center recently placed 4th in the nation in a Millstream Robotics Team Places 4th In Nation At Competition. read more » The engineering and CAD students at Millstream Career Center recently placed 4th in the nation in a
read more » Tom Child was just 22-years-old when the Japanese bombed Pearl Harbor. He recently shared his exper Findlay Man Remembers Pearl Harbor read more » Tom Child was just 22-years-old when the Japanese bombed Pearl Harbor. He recently shared his exper
read more » Science is heating up at Findlay Findlay City Schools. Students at Donnell Middle School share what STEM Programs Heat Up At Findlay Schools read more » Science is heating up at Findlay Findlay City Schools. Students at Donnell Middle School share what
read more » 4,600 pounds of chicken was given to Chopin Hall and the West Ohio Food Bank today, just in time for Great Scot Donates To Area Food Pantries read more » 4,600 pounds of chicken was given to Chopin Hall and the West Ohio Food Bank today, just in time for
read more » The tree that will be on display for Christmas at the U.S. Capital building stopped in Findlay, and Capital Christmas Tree In Findlay read more » The tree that will be on display for Christmas at the U.S. Capital building stopped in Findlay, and
read more » The Miracle Field officially broke ground in Findlay Ohio. The field and park will be dedicated and Findlay Miracle Field Breaks Ground read more » The Miracle Field officially broke ground in Findlay Ohio. The field and park will be dedicated and
read more » Ohio School Superintendent Dr. Richard Ross visited Findlay Findlay City Schools. Dr. Ross toured Gl Ohio School Leader Visits Findlay City Schools read more » Ohio School Superintendent Dr. Richard Ross visited Findlay Findlay City Schools. Dr. Ross toured Gl
read more » Chamberlin Hill School in Findlay honored our nations veterans this morning with their annual Vetera Chamberlin Hill School Honors Veterans read more » Chamberlin Hill School in Findlay honored our nations veterans this morning with their annual Vetera
The Hancock County ODOT garage prepares their fleet to battle winter weather. ODOT Winter Prep The Hancock County ODOT garage prepares their fleet to battle winter weather.
Highlights from the 2015 Veterans Day parades in downtown Findlay 2015 Findlay Veterans Day Parade Highlights from the 2015 Veterans Day parades in downtown Findlay
TAMPA, Fla. -- If you're buying a tablet as a gift, don't make this big mistake!
Some of Amazon's Tablets are for-sale at Black Friday prices on Monday! If you're buying one as a stocking stuffer, make sure Amazon knows you're buying it as a gift and not for yourself.
Otherwise, you might soon be seeing some surprising charges on your next credit card bill!
The reason you should be careful is because Amazon devices come pre-registered to your account. It's super convenient if you're buying the device for yourself. But bad news if you're buying the device as a gift, because it means purchases made on the device will be automatically completed through your Amazon or Amazon Prime account!
One Tampa Bay Area customer says they gifted an Amazon tablet to a friend's child, who then racked up hundreds of dollars buying TV show episodes before anyone realized the problem!
The mistake this customer made was they didn't hit the little check box saying the device was a gift. Hitting that little check box will ship the device unregistered.
It's a little check-box with a big impact!
The box appears right below the "Add to Cart" button on your webpage.
That's not all, you should still make sure the Cart says "device will be sent unregistered" during the check-out process.
If you forgot to select "This is a gift" and the device hasn't shipped yet, you can update the gift settings of the order from "Your Account."
If you forgot to select "This is a gift" and the device has already shipped, de-register the device from your account by going to Manage Your Content and Devices, selecting the Devices tab, and then clicking the Actions button and de-register next to the device you purchased as a gift.
Happy shopping and Happy Holidays!
Tina Lawson is not only the mother of talented daughters Beyonce and Solange, she's also a master joke teller. At least she thinks so.
Miss Tina often uses her Instagram page to indulge in “Corny Joke Time” which consists of innocent riddles any sweet mother would tell her kids. However, her latest joke proves she's not beyond getting a little naughty if she needs to.
You so nasty, Miss Tina!
Hit the flip for more of Tina Lawson's jokes.
1 2 3 4 5 6Next page »
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
Veteran actor Nagarjuna is one of the most popular names in Telugu cinema. Fondly referred to as 'King', the star enjoys a strong fan following because of his good looks and evergreen personality. In fact, many feel that he is still more popular than several young stars.
At present, Nagarjuna is gearing up for the release of Officer which is slated to hit the screens tomorrow(June 1,2018). The film is a cop-drama and features him in the role of a ruthless cop. Directed by film-maker Ram Gopal Varma, it also features newcomer Myra Sareen and noted actor Sayyaji Shinde in key roles. RGV is going through a bad phase on the work front and Officer is a crucial release for him.
In 1989, RGV and Nagarjuna had teamed up for Siva which was a trend-setter and is regarded as a classic. As such, fans are bound to have high expectations from Officer. It will be worth watching whether the film lives up to these high expectations.
With Officer set to hit the screens, here is a look at the box office performances of Nagarjuna's last five films.
Raju Gari Gadhi 2 Released last October, Raju Gari Gadhi 2 fared reasonably well at the ticket window. Shot on a budget of Rs 20 Crore, it collected around Rs 35 Crore at the box office and gave Nagarjuna's fans a reason to rejoice. A horror-comedy it was directed by Ohmkar and also had Samantha Akkineni in the lead. Om Namo Venkatesaya Directed by maverick film-maker K Raghavendra Rao, Om Namo Venkatesaya was shot against a budget of Rs 40 Crore and collected merely Rs 11 Crore at the box office. As such, it proved to be a commercial disaster. Besides Nagarjuna, Om Namo Venkatesaya also featured Anushka Shetty and Pragya Jaiswal in the lead. Oopiri A remake of the French comedy-drama The Intouchables, Oopiri was shot against a budget of Rs 45 Crore and managed to collect around Rs 177 Crore at the domestic box office. Featuring Nagarjuna in the role of physically-challenged rich guy, it is regarded as one of the finest films of director Vamsi Paidipally's career. Oopiri also had Karthi and Tamannaah Bhatia in the lead. Soggade Chinni Nayana Shot against a budget of Rs 30 Crore, the comedy-drama collected close to Rs 75 Crore and proved be a commercial success. Directed by newcomer Kalyan Krishna, Soggade Chinni Nayana featured Nagarjuna in a double role and clicked with family audiences. The film also had Ramya Krishnan and Lavanya Tripathi in the lead. Manam Regarded as one of Telugu cinema's finest family films, Manam did pretty well at the box office. Shot against a budget of around Rs 30 Crore, this Vikram Kumar directorial collected Rs 48 Crore at the domestic box office and received rave reviews from all corners. Manam was a special film for fans of Telugu cinema as it saw Nagarjuna share screen space with dad ANR and son Naga Chaitanya.
WASHINGTON — It's not every day — or every year or every decade — you see Republicans raising questions about whether Democrats were tough enough on gun control when they were in power.
Such is the case now as political debate stirs over a regulatory decision approving the use of “bump stocks” like those possessed by the Las Vegas gunman.
Some Republicans are gingerly asking whether the Obama administration was on the ball when it approved the device in 2010. Gingerly, perhaps, because both parties are in some ways complicit in allowing the device to become available to killers even as they seem willing to join now in restricting or banning them.
A product that can make a semi-automatic weapon fire almost as rapidly as a machine-gun was clearly under the radar of political Washington until the massacre of 58 people by a man whose astonishing personal arsenal included bump stocks. Lawmakers in both parties are saying they hadn't heard of the device until this week or known much about it. “A lot of us are coming up to speed (on) just what this is,” said House Speaker Paul Ryan.
Here's a sampling of the rhetoric:
KELLYANNE CONWAY, adviser to President Donald Trump: “It was President Obama's ATF, the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms, in 2010 that decided not to regulate this device. … That should be part of the conversation.” — to CNN on Thursday
RYAN, on that agency's decision: “Was it a regulatory misstep by ATF some number of years ago?” — news conference Thursday
REP. KEVIN McCARTHY, House majority leader: “I do not know why the ATF actually approved this under Barack Obama.” — to Fox News on Thursday
THE FACTS: Yes, approval of the device was an Obama-era decision.
But there's more. Republicans by and large did not support Democratic legislation that would have restricted bump stocks. Such a provision was contained in a 2013 bill pushed by Democratic Sen. Dianne Feinstein of California.
There's still more, though. The provision was in a bill that had little hope of GOP support because it sought to restore a ban on certain semi-automatic weapons, a non-starter for many in the GOP.
Legislation often contains pieces that might win bipartisan support if they were not entangled in sweeping measures unpalatable to the other side.
So, in essence, neither party in Congress had the foresight to take a clean run against bump stocks and similar devices before they were put to such lethal use.
In a June 2010 letter, the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives told the manufacturer that it considered the device to be outside its regulatory jurisdiction, thereby posing no obstacle to its marketing. The bureau noted that the device was intended to help people whose hands have limited mobility and that it had no automatically functioning parts. Constant forward pressure with the non-shooting hand and constant rearward pressure with the shooting hand were required for it to work, the letter said.
EDITOR'S NOTE — A look at the veracity of claims by political figures
An intense storm is forecast to hit Vancouver Island Tuesday night, packing rainfall totals that could lead to flooding.
Rainfall warnings are now in effect for West Vancouver Island and Inland Vancouver Island and with as much as 170 mm of rain expected before this storm moves through, people are rushing to get ahead of all that water.
Hurrying to get ahead of the storm Norm Fudge is clearing bucketload after bucketload of snow from Port Alberni streets as rain clouds form overhead and the threat of as much as 120 mm of rain by Thursday comes with it.
“Yeah we are expecting quite a large amount starting today I think,” says the City of Port Alberni employee. “So we're just trying to clear the low lying areas of the piles of snow and clear the catch basins and make sure it has a place to go.”
The West Coast of Vancouver Island is bracing for even more. Environment Canada is warning that up to 170 mm of rain could fall there between Tuesday night and Thursday morning, as an intense storm stalls over the region.
Right on the heels of a huge snowfall that continues to bury many communities.
“Mixed with the snow we're going to have problems and we're going to have lost of flooding problems,” says Terry Kelloway of Roto-Rooter.
Yet Kelloway says there is a lot you can do to reduce your chance of flooding at home.
“Make sure all their drains are clear, snow free and all the people that didn't shovel their driveways might be headed for problems,” says Kelloway.
He recommends Islanders do a circle check of their homes. Checking that downspouts, aren't frozen over or blocked by snow,
“Make sure they're open and clear and everything's draining to where it's supposed to go,” says Kelloway.
Otherwise, it could be headed into of your home. High streamflows are also expected throughout the Central Island Wednesday and Thursday, as rains intensify.
On a bright note washing away all signs of last week's snow storm with it.
The Distance & Social Media Has Been Blamed For Causing Cheryl & Liam Payne's Break Up
Our hearts = broken.
After the sad news that Cheryl and Liam Payne announced their split on Sunday night, new details have emerged claiming part of the reason for their split was down to distance and how much they shared on social media.
Cheryl Hits Back At Claims Her Mum Was The Reason For Her Split From Liam Payne
Sources told the tabloids that while Liam is happy to utilise social media to further his solo career, Cheryl was much more sy of the limelight, explaining, “Liam wants to make his pop career work, so he's happy to fly all over the world and keep in touch by FaceTime.
“He's obsessed with social media and putting his life on there – he loves being famous. Cheryl on the other hand, is very private and her number one priority is Bear.
“She always puts him first, and loves to stay at home with him. In the end, they just didn't have much in common.”
Sad times.
Download Our Fancy New App For All The Latest On Liam And Cheryl
North Las Vegas police said they are investigating a crash involving a pedestrian on Friday.
Just after 5 p.m., the police department confirmed the crash on Twitter at Washburn Road and Scott Robinson Boulevard, near Clayton Street.
According to police, an 18-year-old girl sustained critical injuries.
#Breaking Officers are working an auto pedestrian accident on Washburn and Scott Robinson involving an 18 year old female with critical injuries. Drivers Please avoid the area while Officers continue the investigation. — NLVPD (@NLVPD) February 3, 2018
Police said the driver remained at the scene and did not show signs of impairment.
Motorists were urged to avoid the area.
An investigation is ongoing.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- Golfers teed off for children in need at HyVee's Golf Scramble benefiting children with disabilities Thursday.
Not only did they play a round, but participants got a unique opportunity to see what the people who benefit from the event go through.
Some found it easy, but others had to try, try again taking a swing from a wheelchair. The money raised at the tournament goes directly to Variety Children's Charity. They provide equipment for children with disabilities.
"What we're really giving them is hope, hope that this child can really participate and do things that they never thought they could really do before," Variety Executive Director Deborah Weibrecht said.
Golfers also got to try a paramobile, a motorized machine, that allows paralyzed players to stand up and swing.
"Just trying to get balanced on there and get to the ball was a challenge," HyVee Store Director Scott Gilbert said. "It's near and dear to our hearts, and by raising this money like we're doing here today is just something else to help these kids out."
Kids like 10-year-old Bryce Pinter who has a form of dwarfism. Five years ago, Variety gave him a specially made bike.
"When they came alongside of us as a family and did something for us that we weren't able to do for ourselves, something that we`ll never be able to repay them for, but it changed us," said Kara Pinter, Bryce's mom.
It was a day of changed lives and perspectives for all involved.
Matt Bollig lost his ability to walk six years ago, and now he's showing these golfers how it's done. Bollig is a board member and the basketball director for Midwest Adaptive Sports in Dearborn, Missouri.
"A lot of good hits, bad hits, but humbling at the same time," Bollig said. "A good way for everybody to kind of see from our perspective in a sense. It is a different life, but we have a lot of fun."
The goal of the game was not to get the lowest score but give the biggest reward.
"When kids play side by side, with and without disabilities, they begin to value each other. That from a standpoint of a parent, and the child, is just a sweet, sweet gift," Pinter said.
In 2017, Variety raised $75,000 for kids with disabilities, and they were hoping to break that goal at this event. To date, they have raised more than $1 million.
Facebook shares are on pace for their largest percentage decline since 2012, as the company is under scrutiny yet again for issues related to the 2016 presidential election. See full story.
The stock market meltup is over: Morgan Stanley
The stock market's glory days may be behind us. At least, that's the prognosis of one prominent Wall Street strategist who believes January may have been the market's peak and the remainder of the year won't be able to measure up to the rally at the beginning of the year. See full story.
U.S. stocks finish deep in negative territory as Facebook's troubles spark tech selloff
U.S. stocks finish sharply lower on Monday, with the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq logging their worst days since Feb. 8, as concerns about Facebook Inc.'s management of user data sparked a selloff in technology shares. See full story.
Do these 5 things right now to make sure you have enough money to retire
Many of the old retirement formulas don't work anymore. Take these steps to boost your lifetime income. See full story.
Smoking is the New Black: Tobacco use is shown more on streaming shows than on cable TV
Netflix shows, especially the popular series “Stranger Things,” stood out. See full story.
The world's largest social media company has been widely criticized over mishandled user data. See full story.
Win Tickets To This Year's Monster Mash Up With VOXI All Weekend On Capital!
This weekend we're giving you the chance to bag yourself tickets to Capital's Monster Mash Up with VOXI!
This Halloween, if your aim is to lose ALL chill and have one of the best nights of your life, there's literally only one place you need to be and that's with us in Liverpool, London and Manchester.
> Download The Capital App Now So You Can Play To Win For Monster Mash Up Tickets All Weekend!
That's why we just couldn't let the weekend go without giving you the opportunity to win tickets to any one of the THREE epic nights of legendary dance music.
The best part is, all you have to do is listen out for the keyword the presenter reveals & text it to 83958.
As parties go, Monster Mash-Up is destined to be the spookiest of the year and YOU need to be there, so get to it!
Check out the full terms and conditions here.
Psst, this guy is going to be at the London show...good luck!
Want More News Like This?
CAPA Membership gives you access to all news and analysis on the site, along with access to many areas of our comprehensive databases and toolsets.
New statistics show 93 per cent of adults in Scotland have given up at least one hobby from their childhood and more than a quarter (26 per cent) can't remember the last time they took up a new one.
The British Heart Foundation (BHF) is encouraging people to shake things up by reviving an old hobby they used to enjoy, or starting a new one, to help raise money for life saving heart research.
The poll showed that more than a quarter (26 per cent) said they can't remember the last time they took up a new hobby or tried something different, and as for the hobbies they did in childhood, almost two in five (38 per cent) said the last time they did them was over 10 years ago.
For more than a third (34 per cent) it has been over 16 years.
Of the Scottish residents polled, almost two thirds (61 per cent) said they used to try more new things when they were younger, while almost a third (32 per cent) of adults say they have grown up to be someone who tends to say no to new things.
The BHF can reveal the top ten hobbies we are most likely to have given up from childhood are:
Musical Instruments (39 per cent)
Football (26 per cent)
Swimming (23 per cent)
Cycling (20 per cent)
Other sports (17 per cent)
Drawing (16 per cent)
Gymnastics (13 per cent)
Painting (13 per cent)
Arts and crafts (13 per cent)
Dance (13 per cent)
Almost two thirds (61 per cent) surveyed said they would like to re-engage with an old hobby given the chance, seeing the benefits. More than two in five (42 per cent) said it would give them a sense of fulfilment. Almost half (47 per cent) said it would be fun and almost a third (29 per cent) said that introducing a new hobby into their life would take their mind away from life stresses.
One of the main reasons people said they haven't rekindled an old hobby is that they were just lacking the motivation. However, the BHF suggest that doing something to raise money in the fight against heart disease could be a good incentive to revive one of your favourite pastimes.
Marc Shaw, fundraising manager at the BHF, said: “Taking up a hobby can be extremely fulfilling, and can be a great way of keeping active and meeting new people. Our survey shows that the majority of us would love to reignite an old passion from their childhood/younger years, as many of us used to be much more open to trying new things when we were younger.
“By taking up an activity you used to enjoy, you can help raise money for our life saving research and help us make a difference to the millions of people fighting a daily battle with heart disease.”
The BHF relies on the enormous generosity of its supporters to continue funding life saving research, and is calling on the public to fundraise in ways that they enjoy. Do that thing you do, and do it to raise money to save lives.
Why not get the family involved, make opportunities to re-engage with that hobby that you used to enjoy, even just for one day, and fundraise for the BHF in the process.
It could be a taking on a swim challenge if you haven't taken the plunge for a while or getting on your bike if you miss the wind in your hair. Gather together your friends and old teammates for a kick around or even hold an arts and crafts day where you can all get creative.
Around 670,000 people in Scotland are living with heart and circulatory disease. Heart disease devastates the lives of millions of people across the UK, often without warning, so why not get together and make the time to host a fundraiser or take on a challenge of your choice.
Get your free fundraising pack with ideas/inspiration, materials and support by visiting bhf.org.uk/doyourthing
"Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let her know that 'ABC does not tolerate comments like those' made by Roseanne Barr," Trump tweeted. "Gee, he never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC. Maybe I just didn't get the call?"
Shortly after Disney-owned ABC canceled Roseanne Barr's show on Tuesday after she posted a racist tweet about Valerie Jarrett, a former Obama adviser, Jarrett said CEO Bob Iger called her to apologize. On Wednesday, Trump decided that he, too, should get a phone call.
Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let her know that “ABC does not tolerate comments like those” made by Roseanne Barr. Gee, he never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC. Maybe I just didn't get the call?
It's unclear what, exactly, Trump wants an apology for. But in 2017, ABC News investigative reporter Brian Ross incorrectly reported that Michael Flynn, the former national security adviser, was to testify that as a candidate, Trump had instructed him to make contact with the Russians. The story was later walked back by Ross during an appearance on World News Tonight. Ross said his source later told him Trump had instructed Flynn to contact Russians when he was the president-elect, not while he was a candidate.
ABC News apologized for the mistake in a written statement: "We deeply regret and apologize for the serious error we made yesterday. The reporting conveyed by Brian Ross during the special report had not been fully vetted through our editorial standards process." Ross was suspended by ABC for four weeks without pay.
ABC and Disney did not immediately respond to a request for comment, and did not confirm Jarrett's account that Iger had called her to apologize.
Barr's tweet on Tuesday morning said the former adviser to President Obama was the "baby" of Egypt's Muslim Brotherhood political party and the movie Planet of the Apes. At first, Barr defended her tweet, calling it a "joke" and saying "Muslims r NOT a race" to another Twitter user. Barr later apologized to Jarrett, and after ABC announced her show's revival was being canceled, she apologized to the show's cast and crew.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption North Korea has been testing missiles that it hopes will carry a nuclear warhead
The Nobel Committee's decision to honour the International Campaign to Abolish Nuclear Weapons, known as Ican, provides a powerful and timely reinforcement of the opprobrium and concern that should be attached to nuclear weapons.
It comes at a moment when North Korea is actively developing its nuclear programme, the fate of the Iran nuclear deal is in the balance, and the US and Russia are both actively seeking to modernise their nuclear forces.
Ican campaigned for the drafting of an entirely new disarmament agreement - the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons that was opened for signature at the UN in July this year.
This seeks to make nuclear weapons illegal under international law in the same way as the anti-personnel landmines treaty banned a whole category of weaponry.
But why is this new treaty needed at all? And why do its backers see it as being so important today?
There is of course already the long-standing Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT) - a product of the Cold War years whose chief goal was to prevent the spread of nuclear weapons beyond the five established (or "declared") nuclear powers - Britain, France the US, China and the then Soviet Union.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Berit Reiss-Andersen, the Nobel committee chair, announces the winner.
The agreement was a series of bargains. Countries that joined the treaty as non-nuclear weapons states gave up the bomb in return for the benefits of peaceful nuclear technology.
Those five countries who were declared nuclear powers agreed to take steps progressively to give up their nuclear weapons.
The Cold War saw a series of arms reduction agreements between the two superpowers. Britain and France also reduced their much smaller arsenals, though China, the latecomer to the nuclear game, has gradually built up its arsenal.
The problem is that full-scale nuclear disarmament has never really been on the agenda. The non-proliferation regime has, however, had much success. Only four additional countries today have nuclear weapons.
Three of them - India, Israel and Pakistan - never signed up to the agreement in the first place and North Korea abandoned the treaty regime to set about the development of a small nuclear arsenal.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption India's Agni-V missile can carry a nuclear warhead - the country did not sign the Non-Proliferation Treaty
But Ican believed that the NPT had not fulfilled its promise and that a parallel agreement was needed, modelled on the successful treaty to abolish anti-personnel landmines.
This would not begin with intergovernmental diplomacy but with grassroots activity. The goal was to get a new nuclear ban treaty opened for signature and then to campaign widely to change public opinion to compel governments to sign on.
Well that treaty prohibiting nuclear weapons is now a reality and 53 governments have signed up.
Of course the problem is that the nuclear weapons states are not among them. Nor are they likely to sign in the foreseeable future. The treaty though does set a legal norm and is a strong basis, campaigners believe, upon which to build.
Ican's Nobel Peace Prize certainly underscores the concern about nuclear weapons at a timely moment. North Korea is proceeding apace with its nuclear missile programmes, raising questions about what other countries in the region might do. Some voices in South Korea have already suggested that US tactical nuclear weapons should be deployed there.
North Korea has clearly decided that the best defence against regime change is nuclear. It has - rightly or wrongly - drawn lessons from the fate that befell Saddam Hussein in Iraq and the Libyan leader Colonel Gaddafi.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption North Korea's leader Kim Jong-un believes the best defence against regime change is nuclear weaponry
Elsewhere the nuclear deal that has constrained Iran's nuclear activities is under pressure from US President Donald Trump who, despite Iran being fully in compliance with the agreement, believes that it is not in America's national interest.
It is not clear yet if he is just seeking to register this opinion or whether he actually hopes that Congress will re-impose economic sanctions, effectively making the US, not Iran, non-compliant with the deal.
And beyond this, the whole fabric of arms control inherited from the Cold War is to some extent fraying.
There are strains between Moscow and Washington over the Intermediate-Range Nuclear Forces (INF) treaty; the Open Skies Treaty; the Conventional Armed Forces in Europe (CFE) treaty and no indication that strategic arms reductions are going any further. Vital confidence-building and verification provisions will eventually lapse.
Image copyright AFP/Getty Image caption The US has imposed new sanctions on Iran over its recent missile tests
On the multilateral front, even great successes in arms control - the Chemical Weapons Convention for example, which had a high point when Syria was compelled to give up its chemical arsenal - now appears something of a false dawn, with chemical weapons having subsequently been used in the conflict on numerous occasions.
With even more frightening challenges ahead - genetic weapons for example and the existing disruptive power of cyber-weapons - a crisis in arms control is not good for anyone.
This year's Nobel Peace Prize highlights the importance of the lofty goals of disarmament even if Ican's treaty is unlikely to be any more successful in ridding the world of nuclear weapons than the NPT agreement before it.
STAR JOURNAL REPORT
The Northwoods United Way, Inc. and Expera Specialty Solutions-Rhinelander Mill have announced their continued partnership, along with a 2016 pledge donation to the United Way campaign. Members of USW Locals 2-15 and 2-1778 along with non-union employees and Expera Specialty Solutions have pledged $34,577 to benefit programs in the community.
“Expera Specialty Solutions and its employees have been a long-term partner of the United Way, and we are very grateful to accept their donation,” said Nancy Sattler, Executive Director for Northwoods United Way. “There continues to be needs in our area for basic supplies, crisis intervention, family resources, referral services, and health and healing assistance. This gift will help support the agencies that provide this programming.”
The Northwoods United Way, Inc. is a locally directed organization, working to improve lives in Forest, Oneida and Vilas Counties by mobilizing community resources and strategically investing in human service programs. For more information about Northwoods United Way, contact Sattler at 715-202-3344.
Chisholm Trail Rodeo
At Chisholm Trail Rodeo Arena
Final Results
At Nocona
Bareback Riding
1, Eric Frazier, 78; 2, Andrew Kapala, 75
Barrel Racing
1, Jill Wilson, 15.718; 2, Desiree Buck, 16.304; 3, Kinsey Chandler, 16.348; 4, Lacy Schoenthal, 16.388; 5, Brandee Rutledge, 16.439; 6, Sarah McCormick, 16.492
Breakaway Roping
1, Angie Green, 2.440; 2, Lindsey Wallace, 2.640; 3, Kelsie Chace, 2.650; 4, Timber Allenbrand, 2.780; 5, Micah Fox, 2.900
Bull Riding
1, Ryder May, 75; 2, Daniel Hollingsworth, 73; 3, Brady Brock, 70
Calf roping
1, Ty Iselt, 8.530; 2, Brady Wilson, 8.9; 3, Cody Little, 9.250; 4, Ryan Thibodeaux, 9.470
Ranch bronc
1, Cameron McDonald, 80; 2, Kater Kennedy, 79; 3, Eli McGahey, 76
Saddle bronc
1, Tyler Miles, 78; 2, Bill Herbert, 76
Steer wrestling
1, Cole Berringer, 4.5; 2, Chris Berry, 5.5
Team Roping
1, Doc Hobbs and Gabirel Salgado, 6.21; 2, Dale Martin and Colt Baldwin, 6.39; 3, Paul Melvin and Tyler Larson, 10.590
Editor's Note: As per Bowie News policy, we will not run the payout amount given to riders.
Santo's Eric Frazier scores a counted ride in the bareback riding division during Friday's performance at the 65th Annual Chisholm Trail Rodeo in Nocona. He eventually was declared the winner of the group with a 78-point ride. (News photo by Eric Viccaro)
Mollywood star Dulquer Salmaan recently took to Facebook and informed fans that Mahanati has become the 6th highest grossing Tollywood movie at the US box office. The film's US collections have crossed the $2.5 Million mark much to the delight of countless movie buffs. While sharing the good news, Dulquer said that the film is likely to end its theatrical run this weekend and urged fans to watch it one 'last time'.
"#Mahanati becomes the 6th highest grossing Telugu film in the USA. This Sunday will be the last time many locations can watch it on the big screen. For that completely immersive experience enjoy it once more in theatres near you," he added
Mahanati hit the screens on May 9, 2018 and received rave reviews upon release. The favourable reviews seemed to have gone a long way in making it a roaring hit. Mahanati is based on the life of yesteryear star Savitri and has been directed by Ashwin Nag. In it, Keerthy Suresh plays the titular character while Dulquer plays a character modelled on Tamil superstar Gemini Ganesan. His on-screen chemistry with Keerthy is one of the biggest talking points of the film. Mahanati also features Samantha Akkineni and Arjun Reddy star Vijay Deverakonda in key roles.
Interestingly, while talking about Mahanati, Dulquer had recently told a leading daily that playing 'Kadhal Mannan' was quite challenging.
"I don't think I resemble him at all. That's the challenging part -to internalise the character and do it my way without wearing wigs or prosthetic make-up. I didn't want to be a caricature, and the director, Nag Ashwin, agreed," he had added.
With Mahanati in theatres, Dulquer will turn his attention to his maiden Hindi film Karwaan which is slated to hit screens this August. As far as Keerthy is concerned, she currently has Saamy Square and Thalapathy 62 in her kitty. Saamy Square is an action-drama and features Vikram in the lead. As far as Thalapathy 62 is concerned, it is an AR Murugadoss directorial and will see Keerthy act opposite Vijay.
So, have you seen Mahanati? Did you like it? Comments, please!
Standing in the dappled shade of a driveway hundreds of miles from Charlottesville, Va., Mark Heyer spoke of the violence that claimed his daughter's life — and, with voice occasionally quavering, called on people to answer hate with forgiveness.
"My daughter was a strong woman that had passionate opinions about the equality of everyone — and she tried to stand up for that," the Sharpes, Fla., resident told Florida Today in a videotaped interview. "With her, it wasn't lip service. It was real."
Just two days earlier, a driver rammed a car into a group of people protesting a white supremacist rally, killing Heyer's daughter Heather, 32, and wounding 19 other people. Federal authorities have opened a civil rights investigation into the attack, saying "such actions arise from racial bigotry and hatred."
The man allegedly behind the wheel, James Alex Fields Jr., had long harbored sympathies for Nazi ideas, according to a former teacher. Fields has been charged with one count of second-degree murder, three counts of malicious wounding and one count of hit-and-run.
But the hatred espoused by white supremacists and others in Charlottesville this weekend must not be met with a response that's "twisted into something negative" in its own right, Mark Heyer told the local newspaper.
"People need to stop hating, and they need to forgive each other. And I include myself in that, in forgiving the guy that did this," he said. "He doesn't know any better. You know, I just think of what the Lord said on the cross. Lord forgive him, they don't know what they're doing."
In this respect, he said he aspires to follow his daughter's example.
"You know, my daughter's life — she's ..." he paused, searching for words. "I'm proud of her for standing up. She had more courage than I did. She had more courage than I did. She had a stubborn backbone. She thought she was right. She would stand there and defy you.
"But if I understand her," he added, "she wanted to do it peacefully and with a fierceness of heart that comes with her conviction."
In interviews with multiple media outlets over the weekend, Heather's mother, Susan Bro, also praised the way her daughter balanced peaceful efforts with a "very strong sense of right and wrong."
"It was important to her to speak up for people that she felt were not being heard, to speak up when injustices were happening," Bro said, "and she saw in the lives of many of her African-American friends particularly and her gay friends that equal rights were not being given."
One day after the violent gathering that saw protesters and counterprotesters punching and kicking one another — and later saw Heather Heyer killed, along with two state troopers whose helicopter crashed — peaceful protests took shape in cities across the U.S. In Seattle and New York City, Atlanta and in Grand Rapids, Mich., demonstrators sought to respond to the message promulgated in Charlottesville and, in the words of one protester, "resist it fearlessly."
"I hope that her life and what has transpired changes people's hearts," Mark Heyer said. "You can fight all you want and fuss and cuss and do all that stuff, but when you take your last breath, it's over. It's done!
"You're going to take away what a person has and everything else they're going to have. There is no more — not here, you know," he added. "And that's — that's pretty much all I got, brother."
The Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department turned to the community to help them catch Justise Allen's killer.
The Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department turned to the community to help them catch a killer.
On Friday, a shooter killed a 16-year-old girl and injured another teen while they were walking home from McDonald's.
As the memorial for 16-year-old Justise Allen continued to grow on Dramatic Way near Tenaya and Ann Road, Metro police held a neighborhood meeting to strengthen community partnerships and hopefully get more tips to solve the crime.
As neighbors recapped the shooting amongst themselves, one man was questioning whether he could've done more to help.
“I have seen a car make a left,” Allen's friend said. “Then I saw who hopped out of it and I ran across the street to the McDonald's to call to make sure everyone was okay, and right when I ran across the street I heard gunshots.”
On Friday night, he said he was with a group of friends, including Allen, leaving a McDonald's. He said when they were leaving, the group split up and he spotted people in a car that he and his friends had problems with in the past.
“That day; it was just like a chill day,” he said. “We weren't even supposed to be fighting. It's like they didn't want to fight they just wanted to shoot.”
According to investigators, two people got out that car and started shooting at the group walking. Two teenagers were hit: Allen and a 19-year-old man.
“You guys bringing guns to a fist fight,” he said. “Nobody was born with a gun, why use one? If you got a problem with somebody, you can fight it out or just drop the situation.”
That situation ended a 16-year-old girl's life, and while the other victim was recovering in the hospital, he said Allen was just in the wrong place at the wrong time.
“She has no part in any beef that we had,” he said. “She was a good person, she made all of us smile, she had us laughing all day.”
RELATED: Valley family mourns slain teen; meets man who tried to save her
He also had a message for Allen's family and her close friends still trying to cope.
“I'm sorry that she was in that situation,” he said. “It should've never been like that. Just hold your head up and hopefully, police can get to you all justice.”
And 'Justice for Justise Allen' is what Metro was working on. They held their community outreach event in the neighborhood where Allen was killed Monday evening.
Schoolmates continue coming to the site to mourn, and celebrate Justise's life by bringing cards, letters, flowers ?? pic.twitter.com/2HrMwIe0H8 — Chernéy Amhara (@CherneyAmharaTV) April 30, 2018
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Today (August 15, 2017), Aishwarya Rai Bachchan completes twenty years in the Industry and of course, it's a moment of celebration for all the Aishwarya Rai Bachchan fans out there.
To mark this special day, we have brought to you an old interview of Aishwarya Rai, when she was quite new in the industry and talked about her 'star aura' and how media was crazy about her even before her debut!
How Her Film Journey Started On An Unexpected Note.. "A professor asked me to do a photoshoot for her and I agreed. She was a photojournalist. Then, all through my 12th, I refused offers. I never really got my portfolio done," had said Aishwarya Rai Bachchan, while talking to Rediff. ‘I Shunned Everything' "But the film industry and the modelling world took well to me. I started getting offers from everywhere and, as a typical science student, I said, ‘No way. What's going on? I'm supposed to be studying.' "I shunned everything. But, post HSC, you get three months off. It was during this time that I did model for a lark." ‘I Grabbed Attention' "Everybody knows what happened after that. It just went on and on and on. The industry took well to me and I caught the media's attention or rather I grabbed attention or whatever. It was symbiotic and there was attention." ‘There Was This Star Aura Attached To My Name' "It's amazing how, even as a model, I was around only for around a year-and-a-half before my titles happened. But, within that year, I had done most of the prestigious campaigns and there was this star aura that was attached to my name." We Gotta Say, She Was Born To Be A Star "I was not a film star or a ramp queen although they would refer to me like that sometimes. I was not there in every designer's catalogue, I was not doing every show. I was doing only select shows since I was a student. You can probably count the campaigns I did. Just four-five major brands." When Aish Rejected Many Film Offers During Her Modelling Days "But there was this star aura around me because of which, even at that time, I started getting very good offers from films. When I rejected them, a lot of directors smiled and said, ‘Yeah. We'd like to see you become an architect'." Shekhar Kapur Had Already Seen A Star In Aishwarya Rai "Shekhar (Kapur) had met me while he was making Bandit Queen and he said, ‘Look, even I have a degree in accountancy, but I'm making movies. Probably five years down the line you will become an architect, but I know you're meant to be here.'" In Fact, Yash Chopra Also Wanted Aish To Join Film Industry "Even Yashji laughed and said, ‘All right, come and deny my offers.' They're all seniors in the industry and I guess they always knew." For Aishwarya, Her Education Was Her Priority "I was neither starry-eyed nor condescending towards the film industry. I just said I was not ready for films. Nobody in my family belonged here. I was a good student and I could not dream of dropping my studies. So I said no." Aishwarya Was Glad That She Didn't Ditch Her Study For Film Offers "In a way, I'm glad I took the decision because, if I had joined the industry then, I wouldn't have joined the pageant and the titles would never have happened."
Aishwarya Rai Bachchan is one of those rare actresses, who has been ruling the Industry since two decades and has left no chance to represent India at the global platform!
She was an inspiration, is an inspiration and will always be an inspiration to all the women out there!
Janhvi Names Her Favourite Actors In The Film Industry
The Dhadak' actress revealed that she likes Rajkummar Rao, Dhanush and Nawazuddin Siddiqui.
The Reason Why She Is Attracted To Them
Janhvi said, "They're so good! I'm attracted to someone who can immerse me, and all these actors are so expressive."
Are You Listening Rajkummar Rao?
The star kid revealed that she used to comment on Rajkummar's photos so that he notices her.
A 'Star-struck' Janhvi Did This Shocking Thing
Janhvi confessed, "I'm not sure if I should say this, but after watching Bareilly Ki Barfi, I really wanted Rajkummar Rao to notice me, so I commented on all his photos. He's the only person I've asked for a photo with."
Do You Smell A Competition?
In the same interview, Janhvi also mentioned that she thinks Alia Bhatt is her top form right now.
Janhvi Recalls How Her Mother Sridevi Reacted After Watching 25 Minutes Of Her Debut Movie 'Dhadak'
"She was very technical about it. The first thing she told me was the things I needed to improve-she felt the mascara was smudged and it really bothered her. The second half has to be different, she told me, "You can't wear anything on your face." That's all she told me but she was happy."
After the stupendous success of the Mahesh Babu starrer Bharat Ane Nenu, there seems to be no stopping the actor's fans. It's not just the success of the movie that is the reason for their profound happiness, but instead more than a couple of news relatives to his upcoming movies.
Rumoured Title Of MB 25
Touted to be titled as Rajasam, this Vamsi Paidipally directorial will be marking the silver jubilee of films for the Ghattamaneni actor. The story of the yet to be confirmed/titled movie will revolve around two friends and the major part of canning of sequences is said to happen in the USA.
Mahesh will be complimented equally by Allari Naresh as a friend on-screen and the overall package is said to be a mix of comedy, sentiment and human emotions.
Grapevine suggests that Mahesh Babu will be sporting a long hairdo look and might as well come with a bearded look for the first time.
Characterization Of Mahesh Babu-Sukumar Movie
After a resounding success with Rangasthalam, Sukumar is the most sought-after director in the T-town. His remuneration is said to have shot up exponentially and now, has committed himself to work alongside Mahesh Babu.
Calling action-cut to the actor's 26th movie, Mahesh & Sukumar would be joining hands for the second time after the not so favourable result of Nenokkadine. MB 26 is under the process of pre-production and is going on in full swing.
Mahesh might be seen donning the role of a CID officer which might drop hints of yet another engaging and intelligent screenplay from the talented director.
Last two times when Mahesh had played similar roles, Pokkiri and Dookudu happened with terrific results.
Bharat Ane Nenu Treat In Small Screen
Even before the excitement has absorbed by Babu fans, they are in for another visual experience of Bharat Ane Nenu. The blockbuster movie will be aired for the first time on Amazon Prime. Rights of the same have been bought for a huge 1.9 Cr and as per the contract, Amazon could telecast the movie on 50th day of the movie's release, which would be coinciding with June 9.
On the whole, the celebration mode for fans of tall and handsome actor has begun with a huge bang.
Lady Gaga has canceled the remaining 10 dates of her European tour because of "severe pain."
On her Twitter account Saturday, the Grammy winner said she was devastated at having to pull out from the rest of her "Joanne World Tour" concerts in Europe, including gigs in London and Paris, because of fibromyalgia, the condition she suffers from. She said she had to put "myself and my well-being" first.
Singer Lady Gaga attends a press conference about "Gaga: Five Foot Two" during the 2017 Toronto International Film Festival on Sept. 8, 2017. Valerie Macon / AFP/Getty Images
"I'm so devastated I don't know how to describe it," Lady Gaga wrote. "All I know is that if I don't do this, I am not standing by the words or meaning of my music. My medical team is supporting the decision for me to recover at home."
Live Nation said the singer was in the hands of expert medical care. Her team said she had "made the tough decision to immediately come off the road." The team added the medical team are "working closely with her so she can continue to perform for her fans for years to come."
Concert dates in London, Manchester, Zurich, Cologne, Stockholm, Copenhagen, Paris and Berlin have been pulled. Live Nation said ticket holders will be able to get a refund.
"I promise I will be back in your city, but for now I need to put myself and my well-being first. I love you, forever," Lady Gaga tweeted.
Last September, the singer canceled a concert in Rio de Janeiro, also citing pain severe enough that she had to be hospitalized.
"I love this show more than anything, and I love you, but this is beyond my control," she tweeted Saturday.
Earlier this week she posted pictures and video of her performance in Birmingham, England (below). The star has a 74-date residency in Las Vegas at the MGM Park Theater that is scheduled to start in late 2018.
Despite the strength in the quarter, results in the first half of the year “have not been strong enough to warrant positive S&P 500 [earnings per share] revisions,” Goldman Sachs wrote in a note to clients. See full story.
This person asked the internet if it was necessary to save so much for retirement — the response was surprising
Maybe people do prioritize saving. See full story.
North Korea? Nah, Elon Musk says this is what you really should be worried about
We have bigger concerns than the threat of nuclear war with North Korea, according to Elon Musk. See full story.
Why an Uber investor sued former CEO Travis Kalanick
Benchmark Capital, one of Uber Technology Inc.'s biggest investors, defended its decision to sue Uber's former chief executive Travis Kalanick Monday, citing worse-than-reported cultural issues at the company and Uber's lack of executive leadership. See full story.
‘Game of Thrones' analysis: Is Jorah's greyscale still infectious?
Daenerys could still fall ill to the dreaded disease. See full story.
Free speech laws are not designed to protect employees in the workplace. See full story.
Don't expect any supply relief from Black Sea wheat, says an analyst.
“We've got another bumper crop of wheat coming out of Ukraine and Russia,” said Mike Lee, owner of Green Square Agro Consulting.
He recently conducted a five-day, 2,500 kilometre tours of fields in the main wheat growing regions of Russia and Ukraine.
His conclusion is their crops are going to be a lot bigger than the U.S. Department of Agriculture is estimating.
The USDA is forecasting 67 million tonnes of Russian wheat, down from last year's record 72 million tonne crops.
Lee thinks that number will be revised higher in tomorrow's World Agricultural Supply and Demand Estimates report.
Russia could produce up to 70 million tonnes this year, which would be the second largest crop in the post-Soviet Union era.
He still has a hard time believing the country grew 72 million tonnes of wheat last year because when he toured the fields just before harvest, most of the wheat had toppled over and was lying on the ground.
This has been a cooler growing season, and the wheat isn't as tall as it was last year.
“It has not fallen over. It has got plenty of rain, but it's upright, it's solid,” he said.
ADVERTISMENT
“This year the crop looks better, but I can't believe it's going to achieve 72 million tonnes.”
Last year's crop quality was abysmal. It had poor protein levels and was full of mycotoxins. Lee expects quality to be normal this year.
The USDA's latest Weekly Weather and Crop Bulletin backs up his forecast of a bumper crop of Russian wheat.
“In Russia, widespread showers and thunderstorms sustained excellent yield prospects for flowering to filling winter wheat from the southern Central District into the Southern and North Caucasus Districts,” stated the report.
The USDA is forecasting 25 million tonnes of production from Ukraine. Lee believes it will be closer to 27 million tonnes, which would again be the second largest crop since the demise of the Soviet Union.
In its weekly weather report, the USDA said production prospects are variable in Ukraine. Vegetative health is excellent in southern and eastern Ukraine, contrasting with poor health in the central part of the country because of drought.
The Black Sea harvest will start in about two weeks.
“There is nothing, barring a tsunami or something really catastrophic, that will do any damage to the wheat crop now,” said Lee.
That means Canada will have plenty of competition from Russia and Ukraine in export markets this year.
ADVERTISMENT
“Both those regions are long overdue for a difficult harvest, but it doesn't look like it's going to be this year for the wheat,” said Lee.
He previously worked as an agronomy consultant in Ukraine and has been conducting five crop tours of the Black Sea region every growing season for the past three years.
Lee tweets pictures and videos and writes a report at the conclusion of each tour detailing his findings and providing yield forecasts for subscribers to his service, which can be found on his Agronomy-Ukraine website.
He has noticed in the last couple of years that the governments of both countries are significantly backing agriculture and are starting to promote sensible policies for the first time since the fall of the Soviet Union.
“In the past it was just random rubbish that came out of these places,” said Lee.
Many farmers in the western world have a misguided view that farming in the Black Sea region is backward, but Lee said nothing could be further from the truth. It has already come a long way and with government support, the region will become an even more formidable competitor in export markets.
“The state of farming is at a very high level and is only improving,” he said.
Contact sean.pratt@producer.com
by Adam Blachly
The Valentine's clock is ticking. Are you ready? Are you still racking your brain for just the right way to make a memorable splash this year and earn bonus relationship points? Fortunately, Vermont is full of romantic hearts and opportunities abound this year throughout the state to woo and win that special someone, starting with these seven events.
Valentine's Fashion and Blooms at Bailey Road
These women's clothing and accessories boutique is dedicating itself to flowers for the holiday, with an expert flower arranger coming in to help customers choose a vase and craft a custom bouquet. As you work, Valentine's-inspired cocktails will be served.
Feb. 13, 5:30 – 7 pm, 44 Main St., 223-2798, baileyroadvt.com
Barre-Tones Singing Valentines
There's a reason serenades have been part of lovemaking for centuries. If you can't sing yourself, Barre-Tones, an organization of women's barbershop quartets, is happy to step in. For $40, the quartet will show up at home, work, or school and sing up to two classic Valentine's tunes to your loved one, while also delivering a handwritten scroll with a personal message and a choice of Birnn truffles or a red rose. If an in-person visit is not possible, they'll do it for $20 on the phone.
Feb. 14, 552-3489, http://barretonesvt.com.
Nooky at NECI
If dinner is part of your plans, aim for Montpelier's own New England Culinary Institute, which has a special four-course Valentine's menu that includes rabbit confit, salmon Napoleon, and a “decadent” dessert buffet. “Just friends” get special treatment as well, with a two-day “PAL-entine's Day” menu, that features dishes like lamb lollipops, lobster bisque, and grilled shrimp salad, with bubbly to wash it all down. Valentine's Day menu:
Feb. 14; Pal-entines Day menu: Feb. 14-16, 118 Main St., Montpelier,225-3310, neci.edu
Candlelight Snowshoe
Hosted by the North Woods Stewardship Center in East Charlston, Vermont this event is surely to be a unique and magical Valentine's Day experience, so long as your partner doesn't mind the outdoors and bundling up. Snowshoers will follow a one mile, candlelit path through the woods, with a bonfire warm-up halfway through the walk, and hot cocoa, cookies, fire, and music to follow at the lodge. Snowshoes are provided.
Feb. 14, 6-9 pm, 154 Leadership Dr., East Charleston, 723-6551, northwoodscenter.org
Valentine's Day at Okemo
Valentine's Day comes in the peak of winter and in Vermont, that usually means cold conditions and lots of white stuff. If skiing is your passion, enjoy the slopes of Okemo Mountain this February 14th, while also putting your I-Spy skills to work in a Valentines-themed scavenger hunt. Red hearts will be hidden throughout the resort, and for each red heart you find and bring back to the lodge, you will receive a prize.
Feb. 14, 77 Okemo Ridge Rd., 228-1600,Okemo.com.
St. Valentine's Soiree
It's $100 for a pair of tickets for this Valentine's soiree at the Southside Steakhouse in Rutland, but you get a lot for your money, all while supporting Rutland County Catholic Schools. In addition to DJ and dancing, tapas-style bites, and a cash bar, this adults-only event will include a roulette table, 50/50, basket raffle, a lottery tree, and a raffle for 3 prizes: $250, $500,and a grand prize of $5000.
Feb. 10, 7-11 pm, 170 South Main Street,772-7556, southsidesteakhouse.com
Wine and Chocolate Weekend
Shelburne Vineyard will host yet another edition of its annual wine and chocolate weekend. As you might guess, it involves plenty of both, with two local bakers/confectioners serving sweet treats with the wines. On Saturday Matryoshka's Bakery brings their famous Macarons, while Sunday brings us Douglas Sweets and their dipped shortbreads. Lonely hearts are expressly invited, too, as “Wine makes the best date anyway.”
Feb 10 and 11, 11 am, 6308 Shelburne Rd., Shelburne; 985-8222, shelburnevineyard.com
Rocket Erotic Pop-Up
Plainfield-based Rocket Erotic not only dedicates itself to high quality sex toys, including its own custom crafted leather gear, but also a body-positive philosophy that embraces all bodies and sexualities. Experience it all in person at a Valentine's Week Sex Toy Pop-Up shop at Ondine Salon. Good vibes are promised all around(pun intended).
Feb. 10, 4-9 pm, Ondine Salon, 6 State St., Montpelier, 249-4945, rocketerotic.com
Share this:
The city-parish of Baton Rouge will be receiving almost $600,000 in federal funding for a BikeShare Program, which officials say will increase mobility for residents and create another transportation option in the parish.
The first phase of the BikeShare Program plans to place 510 bikes at 51 stations downtown, at LSU, and Southern University. Phases two and three of the program would expand to place bikes at stations in Mid City and the Baton Rouge Health District.
Officials hope to launch the program in mid-2018 but an official launch date has not yet been announced. Residents will be able to rent bikes through the BikeShare program for about $6 per day or around $75 per year.
The cost of the first phase is expected to be about $3 million, with the majority of the funding ($2.1 million) coming from corporate sponsorship and revenues from the BikeShare program itself. The program will not be a line item in the state or city-parish budgets. Funding details for second and third phases have not yet been released.
The federal Transportation Alternatives Program is allocating $593,904, which will cover 80% of the city-parish's cost for the first phase of the BikeShare program. The money will be funneled through the Louisiana Department of Transportation and Development. The federal money is made available through the federal government's Transportation Alternatives Program, which pays for alternative transportation projects, like on and off-road pedestrian and bicycle facilities. The city-parish also is contributing a local match of $260,000 set aside last year under former Mayor Kip Holden.
The Baton Rouge Metro Council must authorize Mayor Sharon Weston Broome to enter into an agreement with DOTD. The agreement is scheduled to be introduced during the October 11 Metro Council meeting. A public hearing on the agreement is scheduled for October 25.
The city-parish will use TAP funds to buy a total of 820 bikes and pay for the program's required technology and docking stations. The funds will also cover five years' worth of operational costs for phase one of the program.
The Baton Rouge Metro Council must authorize Mayor Sharon Weston Broome to enter into an agreement with DOTD. The agreement is scheduled to be introduced during the October 11 Metro Council meeting. A public hearing on the agreement is scheduled for October 25.
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
Login Email Address: Password: Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here. Forgot your password?
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
The Trolley Stop Record Shop and adjacent Factory Obscura art gallery are like peanut butter and jelly, said store owner John Dunning. Large crowds to the Shift art exhibit are drawing people into his music shop, and he sends his customers to the gallery.
Chinese ride-hailing company Didi Chuxing is in talks for a multi-billion-dollar initial public offering that could take place as early as this year, The Wall Street Journal reported on Tuesday, citing people familiar with the matter.
The company is hoping to fetch a valuation of at least $70 billion to $80 billion if it goes public and has been in talks with bankers in recent weeks over the feasibility of raising cash through an IPO in the second half of 2018, the Journal said.
Didi has accelerated talks on a potential IPO partly because its new rival China's Meituan-Dianping is moving forward with plans for a listing this year, WSJ said.
The discussions are in the early stages and it is not clear whether the IPO will happen this year, the newspaper said adding that the venue for the listing was undecided.
Didi declined to comment on the matter.
Didi said separately on Monday it launched its ride-hailing service in Toluca, Mexico paving the way for a battle with rival Uber Technologies in the region.
Win A Trip To Las Vegas During The FightEnter now for your chance to be a part of the fanfare in Las Vegas!
Corona Light Find Your BeachCorona Light wants to help you FIND YOUR BEACH!
Get The CBSMiami Weather AppGet the new CBSMiami Weather app and stay up to date on severe weather in South Florida.
Alternate Means Of Entry For CBS Miami Texting ContestsNo mobile phone or texting plan? No problem! You can enter online for any contest on CBS Miami by entering here as an alternate means of entry.
WQAM (AM) Contest and Promotion RulesUnless otherwise specified by Radio Station WQAM (AM) (the “Station”), these rules cover routine contests and promotions conducted by the Station. These rules may be amended by separate specific rules for major contests or promotions conducted by the Station or its sponsors.
Get CBSLocal iPad App For FreeCBSLocal is CBSMiami's new iPad app: Updated 24/7 with news, sports, weather, traffic & more.
Senator Presses Voting Machine Makers on Cybersecurity
A U.S. senator wants to know how well the country's top six voting machines manufactures protect themselves against cyberattacks, a move that comes just weeks after federal authorities notified 21 states that they had been targeted by Russian government hackers during the 2016 presidential election
In a letter Tuesday to the CEOs of top election technology firms, Sen. Ron Wyden writes that public faith in American election infrastructure is "more important than ever before."
"Ensuring that Americans can trust that election systems and infrastructure are secure is necessary to protecting confidence in our electoral process and democratic government," writes Wyden, an Oregon Democrat.
An assessment by the Department of Homeland Security found that Russian hackers targeted state election systems. Some states have since disputed that claim.
DHS officials said in June congressional testimony that Russian hackers didn't target U.S. elections infrastructure "involved in vote tallying," but said a state board of elections website had been compromised, among other cyber activity. Officials have yet to release a detailed account of attempted and successful breaches in those states.
A top federal cyber official likened most of the Russian cyber attempts on state election systems in 2016 to "somebody walking down the street and looking to see if you are home."
"A small number of systems were unsuccessfully exploited as though somebody had rattled the doorknob but was unable to get in, so to speak," said Samuel Liles, who runs the cyber division of DHS's intelligence and analysis office. But, he said, in a small number of cases "they made it through the door."
In his letter, Wyden asks the companies to detail their internal security protocols, including whether they test their systems against penetration attempts by outside experts and if they follow federal best practices.
In the wake of Russian interference in the 2016 presidential campaign, federal officials designated elections systems critical infrastructure on the order of power plants or electrical grids. But state elections officials have expressed confusion over what that designation entails and some states chafe at the prospect of losing local control of their elections systems.
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock.
Antivirus Giant McAfee Acquires VPN Provider TunnelBear
Internet security company McAfee has bought VPN provider TunnelBear. McAfee hasn't announced how much the deal is worth, but in a statement the company said it plans to integrate TunnelBear's services into its own VPN service, Safe Connect.
"We're confident this acquisition will serve both our end users and partners by embedding its best-in-class, hardened network into our Safe Connect product," said McAfee CEO Christopher Young.
The End of Free VPN?
There's a chance this acquisition could spell the end of TunnelBear's free service. It's currently first in our roundup of the best free VPNs , but that could all change when it's integrated into McAfee Safe Connect, which has a different pricing model.
McAfee Safe Connect offers a free seven-day trial, but after that there's a subscription fee of $7.99 per month, or $47.88 per year.
There could also be a change in TunnelBear's terms. The Canadian company is known for its clear privacy policy, which explains every piece of data it collects from its users and why, but once the McAfee purchase is complete, it'll need to abide by US laws. If you currently use TunnelBear, it's well worth keeping an eye out for anything new.
What's Next for McAfee
The start of 2018 has been a busy time for McAfee. At last month's Mobile World Congress, it demonstrated a new feature for Amazon Alexa that lets you check the security of your home network and change its settings with just your voice. For example, you can see how many devices are connected, set a time limit for your child's iPad, and disconnect any devices you don't recognize.
Last month, the company also announced a deal with European internet provider Telefonica, providing security software for home and mobile networks. McAfee Secure Home Platform will be integrated with Telefonica's broadband routers, with extra protection for users' phones when they're out and about.
Could we soon see a voice-activated VPN from McAfee, or routers with TunnelBear tech built in? We'll be keeping an eye out.
© 2018 T-break Tech under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: McAfee; Artist's concept.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
DAVIE (CBSMiami) – When it comes to NFL training camp, it's an absolute given that injures are going to happen.
Anyone paying attention to training camp in Davie, Florida is well aware of that fact.
So far during camp the Miami Dolphins have seen several players get hurt but none more glaring than a pair of offensive starters; quarterback Ryan Tannehill and running back Jay Ajayi.
Tannehill's knee injury, which will cost him the entire 2017 season, has been well documented.
Ajayi suffered a concussion during the first day that Miami went full-contact during practice but he's been back on the field for several days and could be cleared to resume hitting drills any day now.
Getting Ajayi back will be a nice boost for the Dolphins offense, especially considering another running back went down with an injury on Monday.
Second-year back Kenyan Drake took a helmet-to-helmet hit from rookie cornerback Torry McTyer and did not finish practice.
He appeared to be leaning heavily on a trainer as the two walked into the Dolphins facility.
McTyer, who signed with Miami as an undrafted free agent, showed concern for his teammate following practice.
“It just kind of happened bang-bang,” said a remorseful McTyer. “I never want to hurt anybody out here, especially in practice when guys are competing and making plays.”
ON THE BRIGHT SIDE
The biggest positive from Monday's workout came from down in the trenches.
Pro Bowl center Mike Pouncey saw his first significant amount of practice time, getting rep after rep with the first team during 11-on-11 drills.
Eventually he was replaced by backup Jake Brendel but the fact that Pouncey saw so much playing time was a major step in the right direction.
Pouncey is coming off of a hip injury that many thought could be career-ending.
The former first round pick has been working extremely hard to get himself ready for the season and Monday was another milestone in that process.
WHAT THEY'RE SAYING
As is usually the case, the Dolphins made several players and head coach Adam Gase available to answer questions following practice.
Here are some of the best quotes from Monday's media availability.
ADAM GASE
“I think [Xavien Howard's] confidence is really the number one thing I've noticed, where he's recognizing certain formations, route stems, things that when you're a rookie, you're just trying to figure out what you actually have to do and now he's been able to take that next step. It helps him really tighten up the coverage and jump a few routes every once in a while. That's kind of the progression that you want young DBs to go through to where, let's say you have a really good feel of what their job responsibility is, being able to play the route concept very tight.”
“[Jay Cutler has] pretty much got the offense down, it's just more about timing. It's more mental, just kind of that feel of when to turn the ball loose, getting used to the receivers, the d-line rushing. I guess (our d-line) is a good d-line to get used to getting in your face a little bit. It's happening fast, so it's probably going to be good for him at the end of the day when we start playing some other teams. Our d-line is tough to go against. They get back there quick.”
“Every time I see [Mike Pouncey] out there, I can see how excited he's getting. I just want him to follow what our plan is and I want him to try to sneak in two extra reps, because you guys have been around him long enough to know, he's not one for just standing on the sidelines and watching. He likes being out there and he wants to keep getting better. I just think [he has to] stay on track with what we're doing. I think he's followed that to the exact detail that [medical staff] got planned for him and if he keeps doing that, I think we'll have good results.”
“I believe we're going to be a defense that's going to be tough, relentless. The one thing that I would say that I want to see us do more is get our hands on balls and get balls out, get turnovers, turn into an opportunistic defense. I feel like we've done a lot of good things. We're playing tight coverage in practice. We're making it really hard on the wide receivers. I do feel like that front can cause a lot of problems, and the linebackers, the way that they run right now and what I'm seeing between Kiko (Alonso) and (Lawrence) Timmons, if we give them some opportunities, they've got great ball skills. They've got great ball skills for linebackers and if we can get some more picks and fumbles, that's really what I'd love to see us take off on.”
LAWRENCE TIMMONS
“That's the tough part of this game. Things like that [injury to Rawkwon McMillan] happen. All we can do is pray for him, help his friends and family taking care of him and just pray.”
“I feel like [Mike Hull is] a high-energy guy. He knows the defense, makes good calls, hard-nosed football player. He tackles really well, so I'm looking forward to it.”
CHARLES HARRIS
“After watching the [preseason game] film and everything, I think we all did good as a d-line. [There are] a lot of things we've got to work on. A lot of things, especially as a young group. The younger guys who just got here, most of us rookies have got a lot of stuff that we've got to work on; but it was great seeing the vets in action, seeing the vets going against other guys. They learned off their mistakes and off of the things they did well, so it was great.”
“The No. 1 thing is just to go. I think I was really hesitant [in the preseason game]. I was kind of hesitant and didn't want to mess up, whatever. But Coach ‘T' [Defensive Line Coach Terrell Williams] and Coach ‘Dre' [Assistant Defensive Line Coach Andre Carter] just told me I just need to go. My best attribute is my speed, so get off the ball and then reacting, playing instinctively and not thinking about things too much.”
“It wasn't [that I wasn't] remembering the plays or anything like that. It was just really being in formations. We did a lot of game planning and stuff like that. We treated like it was a real game so a lot of us younger guys, we looked at a lot of formations and just trying to dissect them while we were playing and stuff like that. So it's going to take time. It's going to take time for us to be able to go into a game like we did in college, studying beforehand, getting to apply it. I think the first game is under our belt and we're looking to get better each and every game.”
MIKE POUNCEY
“It felt really good. I'm just happy to be back out there with the guys, just getting back, better at football, doing the things I love to do and I'm just glad I'm back out there.”
“The best part [of practicing again] is being able to say I'm a Miami Dolphin, to be honest. I keep telling everybody, that process I went through is a long one. It was humbling. The best thing I can say is that I'm out here being able to do the things that I love to do.”
“Physically I feel great. I feel like we have a great plan, a great schedule that I'm going to stick through throughout this whole camp. We'll see how it goes whenever the start of the season gets here.”
“It feels real good [to get out there and hit someone]. [Ndamukong] Suh gave me a stinger on my left side. It shut my whole left arm off for a little bit. I miss those hits. It felt good. It hurt, but it felt good to have it again.”
“[Jay Cutler and I] talk a lot. It's good that we get to work out here in full 11-on-11 reps together, going against our defense. We do a lot of work in the meeting rooms and on our walkthroughs. If he's our starting quarterback when the season starts, we'll be on [the same] page.”
For many, buying a new smartphone is simply a choice between Samsung and Apple. So, it's no surprise these technology giants have traded features back and forth over the years. Here are five features Samsung has stolen from Apple to claw its way to the top of the smartphone market.
AR Emoji
Apple debuted Animoji on the iPhone X last year as a way to show off its wild face-tracking features. The usefulness of this feature is debatable, but they really work well. On the Galaxy S9, Samsung has AR Emoji. Rather than track your face, AR Emoji builds a crude animated version of you. Then, you get a series of GIFs staring this creepy animated character. They're bad, but Samsung wanted something to compete with Animoji.
Squircle icons
Since its earliest incarnations, Apple iOS has required app developers to use squircle-shaped icons. Android doesn't have such restrictions, but Samsung has long crammed icons into a similar squircle. The squircle icon frames used to be garishly colorful, but they're more subdued now. Thankfully, you can also disable the icon frames on recent version of the Samsung Experience software.
The camera app layout
Apple's big iOS 7 update was contentious for numerous reasons because of the massive UI redesign. The camera app was totally different in iOS 7, but the iPhone's camera prowess assured that other device makers would end up aping Apple's look. Sure enough, Samsung's camera app these days uses the same swipe interface to flip between modes. There's a scrolling bar of mode indicators next to the viewfinder, and it doesn't rotate when you rotate the phone. Seriously, it's not a good look, but Apple does it. So Samsung does it, too.
Glass backs
Samsung used to make phones out of plastic, even very expensive ones like the Galaxy S5. Apple moved from plastic to glass backs with the iPhone 4, and Samsung did the same with the Galaxy S6. Samsung has been using glass ever since, but Apple only recently switched back to glass after using fully aluminum bodies for the last couple years. Still, Apple was the first major phone maker to put glass on the back of a phone.
App drawer-free home screens
Apple's iOS interface does not include an app drawer, which I've long considered a weakness. Samsung still includes an app drawer on its phones, but it also has a drawer-free version of its home screen. Starting with the Galaxy S8, you could go into the home screen settings and shut off the drawer. That leaves all your icons piled up on the home screen just like Apple. It's terrible.
Now read: 25 Android Tips to Make Your Phone More Useful
Luke Shaw's Manchester United career is over and he is a transfer target for Tottenham Hotspur and Chelsea, according to the Daily Star.
The England international, aged 22, was substituted at half-time in the FA Cup quarter-final win over Brighton & Hove Albion, then given a public dressing down by Jose Mourinho.
United boss Mourinho claimed Shaw had let him down by failing to follow simple tactical instructions in the first 45 minutes of the 2-0 victory.
That was reportedly the final straw for the Portuguese coach, who has had a series of run-ins with Shaw over the past two seasons.
Mourinho is said to believe he will never be able to fully trust the former Southampton player and is ready to offload him.
Tottenham and Chelsea are both reported to be keen on Shaw. With Mourinho having earmarked Spurs left-back Danny Rose as his preferred replacement for Shaw, the north Londoners might have the edge.
Leicester City and Shaw's former club Southampton are also tracking him.
Fencing company shares their passion for crafting metal gates for everything from industrial chain-link to decorative aluminum fences
VANCOUVER, BC--(Marketwired - February 14, 2017) - QS Fencing, a repair and installation company located in Vancouver, now specializes in the creation of electronic gates. From industrial chain-link fencing to decorative aluminum and steel, every gate is crafted to a client's specific needs and purposes. For more, go to: http://www.qsfencing.ca/blog/electric-driveway-gate-installation/
Whether you're trying to improve curb appeal before listing a house or creating a sturdy chain-link fence for securing a commercial business, QS Fencing can take care of it. The Vancouver-based gate and fencing contractor specializes in making metal gates and metal fences, as well as installing mechanical automated gate openers.
Compared to a handyman or a DIY job, working with professionals means that a project will be completed on time and on budget. Whether it's to enhance value, convenience, or security, each gate is individually customized to deliver top quality when it comes to beauty, security, and affordability. Best of all, they're built to last.
Consultations from expert contractors are available in order to help define and meet customer expectations. QS Fencing is also equipped to do any automatic gate and fencing repairs or upgrades that may be necessary down the road, providing customers with the peace of mind that comes from working with a professional that understands every aspect of the business.
With hands-on experience working with residential, commercial, and agricultural clients, the people at QS Fencing are dedicated to exceeding the expectations of their customers and are accredited with the BBB Vancouver.
To learn more about our electric gate services in Vancouver BC, call QS Fencing Ltd. today at 604-345-5145 for your professional secure gate and fencing consultation.
About QS Fencing
Established in 2010, QS Fencing is a family-owned business that aims to provide quality products and superior service. It is a Vancouver-based fencing company that is licensed and insured. All employees are WCB insured as well. QS Fencing serves the geographical areas of Vancouver, West Vancouver, North Vancouver, Burnaby, New Westminster, Coquitlam, Port Coquitlam, Port Moody, Maple Ridge, Richmond, Surrey, and Delta, BC.
To learn more, visit http://www.qsfencing.ca or call (604) 345-5145.
When Daddy Turns Stuffed Toy!
In a picture that Shabir shared, his elder son is seen stuffing cake into daddy's mouth. The actor shared the adorable moment with fans and captioned it as, "Time to be a stuffed toy . #theadventuresofAI #sundayfun"-(sic)
Family Time In Kerala?
In another pic, Shabir is seen posing with his beloved wife and two sons on a boat while bamboo rafting. Though the actor hasn't mentioned the location, seems like it was taken on the backwaters of beautiful Kerala. He put up a cute caption saying, "Row row row your boat ..... #lifeisbutadream #bamboorafting #backwaters #weekendvibes #lovingit #theadventuresofAI @kanchikaul"- (sic)
Loving Father & Adorable Kids
This picture speaks a lot about Shabir's loving father qualities. The fans couldn't contain their happiness while witnessing such a cute moment. He captioned the image as, "#localtransport #backwaters #theadventuresofAI #love"- (sic)
Wife & He
Shabir Ahluwalia and Kanchi Kaul tied the knot in 2011 and have become one of the cutest couples of television realm. At multiple occasion the duo is seen expressing love for each other. Shabir and Kanchi do set marriage goals, don't they?
The Official Family Shoot
This picture of Shabbir's family is worth a thousand words. The candid and beautiful picture received immense appreciation by fans when the actor shared it on his Instagram handle. He simply captioned the picture with four hearts. Each heart representing one family member? The actor seems to have fans all around the world as one of the comments said, "PLEASE @shabirahluwalia @itisriti come to Turkey 🙏 There are many fans in Turkey who want to meet u both PLEASE! COME HERE AND LOVE YOU!"- (sic)
Multiple members of Congress said that there was an uptick of threats coming into their offices both before and after Wednesday morning's shooting at a US House Republican baseball practice.
A gunman allegedly opened fire on the practice in Virginia Wednesday morning, forcing Republican members of Congress to take cover. Rep. Steve Scalise, the number three Republican in House leadership, was shot along with two Capitol Police officers and congressional aide and a lobbyist, according to law enforcement. President Trump said the assailant had died from his wounds.
Multiple Democratic members said during a members-only security briefing that they had gotten calls following the shooting saying, "You guys are next,” California Rep. Nanette Diaz Barragan told BuzzFeed News.
Barragan said more than one of her Democratic colleagues said during the briefing that they had received those and other threatening calls on their personal phones following the shooting. Barragan did not receive one herself, and would not name those who did, citing their safety.
One of the calls went to “a member who was not on the [Democratic baseball] team,” Barragan said, “and other Democratic members expressed concern that they were getting calls saying, ‘You Democrats, you Democrats.'”
Barragan added that the police told members they will follow up on all of the “leads.” The Capitol Police did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
One Republican members said that he received multiple threats before Wednesday morning's shooting as well, and that he had reported them to authorities.
Arizona Rep. David Schweikert, a Republican who is not on the baseball team, told reporters that his office had filed four threat assessments on Tuesday, the day before the shooting, based on people emailing and calling his office. He said one of those threats was “wishing my little girl is dead.”
“In the past we've always sort of just sucked it up, we've sucked it up and just, ‘oh that's not real.' But you've got to understand, there's something wrong,” Schweikert told reporters.
Some members raised concerns about security in a House briefing Wednesday, after the shooting, according to North Carolina Rep. Mark Walker, the team's starting pitcher who was present for the shooting Wednesday. "There were some concerns about the potential of upgrading members of Congress's security where you can have some funding to be able to take care of protection,” Walker said.
Rep. Charlie Crist added that members raised the possibility of something like the security for the federal judiciary. “When a federal judge gets nominated and approved by the Senate, then like immediately there are surveillance and equipment that are dispatched to protect their well-being and their family's well-being. That's just one idea that was thrown out this morning,” he told reporters.
New York Rep. Joe Crowley, the chair of the Democratic Caucus, told BuzzFeed News that he supports an increase in security, and has discussed it for his New York office, but the threat of violence is something members of Congress "have been dealing with for quite some time.”
"We are public officials part of our shtick is to draw attention to ourselves so we will always be mindful of [the danger of that],” Crowley said, “but I am more concerned about the safety of my staff."
Crowley added that though he will not change his behavior because of the shooting, he thinks he and his fellow members of government have a lesson to learn from today about the importance of their rhetoric.
"I think overall there should be more of a sense of the importance of what we say and how it is interpreted from the top down," Crowley said. "We have a responsibility and the President has a responsibility to understand the rhetoric and what we say has consequences."
Pennsylvania Rep. Lou Barletta, a Republican, said security is always something members of Congress think about — especially when they're out in public at town halls and other meetings.
"You have to worry about doing town hall meetings, not only for your own safety but for the safety of people that go,” Barletta said. “And your staff, I worry about my staff who take a lot of the abuse from people. I just think nationally the rhetoric has gotten too hateful."
House Freedom Caucus Chair Rep. Mark Meadows said the House will “look at additional protocols on security in the future," he said.
"I think basically whenever you have a number of members high-profile targets out there, having some type of security will be key."
Despite Wednesday's shooting and alleged threats, the annual Congressional Baseball Game will go on Thursday night, with heightened security. The more than 100-year-old event pits Democrats against Republicans in a friendly match for charity at Nationals Park.
Image copyright Adam Lawrence Image caption Alex Mahon became boss of Channel 4 last year
Channel 4 has revealed it pays its female staff almost a quarter less than its male staff on average.
Its 24.2% median gender pay gap is above the 18.4% UK average, and comes despite the broadcaster's workforce being nearly 60% female. Channel 4 also said it had a bonus gap of 47.6%.
It comes a week after ITN, which makes programmes for ITV, Channel 4 and Channel 5, revealed a pay gap of 18.2%.
Channel 4 boss Alex Mahon said the news made for "uncomfortable reading".
In a report, the broadcaster blamed the pay discrepancy on there being a large number of women in the lower two quartiles at the organisation, while most jobs in the highest-paid quartile were filled by men.
Ms Mahon, who joined Channel 4 last year, said she was "determined to take action".
"There is no quick fix, but identifying the complex and multiple reasons behind our gap is the first step towards tackling the fundamental issues at play," she said.
She added that while the broadcaster employs "significantly more women than men there is an imbalance in the ratios at the higher and lower-earning parts of the business".
Ms Mahon said the broadcaster would focus on "increasing the proportion of women in higher-paid roles".
It aims to have a "50:50 gender balance" among its top 100 earners by 2023.
Other media organisations have reported their median gender pay gaps recently, including the BBC at 9.3% and the Guardian newspaper at 12.1%.
Broadcasters ITV and Channel 5 have yet to publish their figures.
Broadcaster pay has been in the spotlight since the BBC published the salaries of top talent last year.
Radio 2's Chris Evans topped the list on more than £2m, while the highest paid woman was Claudia Winkleman on between £450,000 and £499,999.
A review of presenter pay for the BBC, carried out by PwC, said there was a "lack of clarity and openness about the basis for pay decisions".
But it found "no evidence of gender bias in pay decision-making".
BBC Women, a group that includes presenters such as Mishal Husain and Victoria Derbyshire, have rejected the report's findings.
The BBC's former China editor Carrie Gracie also resigned from her role in protest at inequalities.
ELLSWORTH — Glenn Moshier, who has led the city's police department since the end of December, has now been named its permanent chief.
City Manager David Cole made the announcement Tuesday afternoon, praising Moshier's service and his “great ideas and enthusiasm for taking the department forward.”
The appointment is subject to approval by the City Council at a special council meeting set for the morning of Friday, Feb. 24. A swearing-in ceremony has been tentatively scheduled for 10 a.m. that morning.
Moshier succeeds Pete Bickmore, who resigned in December after less than a year on the job. Moshier is a 13-year veteran of the Ellsworth force and was promoted first to sergeant in 2008 and then to captain in 2016. He is a three-time recipient of the department's Officer of the Year award.
As captain, he served as acting chief in the immediate aftermath of Bickmore's departure before being named interim chief by the City Council in early January.
Cole said the city is “excited to promote from within” the department, and that Moshier has the “respect and support” of the other officers and dispatchers at the department.
Cole made the appointment after working with a committee of three City Council members, and he said that after he looked at various options with them there was consensus support for selecting Moshier for the chief's job.
It looked as if the Cowboys' season was over when they dropped three straight games immediately following Ezekiel Elliott's suspension. But after two wins, Dallas is right back in the thick of the NFC playoff hunt. Here's what needs to happen for the Cowboys to finish their turnaround and make it back to the postseason…
Step 1: Win out
The Cowboys could still make the playoffs with a loss — though it can't be in Week 16 against Seattle because of tie-breakers — but all of their realistic paths to the postseason start with them winning their final three games…
Week 14: at Raiders
Week 15: Seahawks
Week 17: at Eagles
The Cowboys will be getting Elliott back in Week 15 for the pivotal game against the Seahawks. If they can win that one, games against a flailing Raiders team and a banged up Eagles squad (that may have nothing to play for) are winnable.
Step 2: The Packers and Lions lose once
Green Bay and Dallas are currently tied in the standings but the Packers hold the tie-breaker having beaten the Cowboys earlier in the season. Dallas needs Green Bay to drop one game over the next three weeks in order to jump over it in the standings. Here's a look at the Packers' schedule:
Week 15: at Panthers
Week 16: Vikings
Week 17: at Lions
The same goes for the Lions. They'll need to lose if Dallas is going to leap frog them in the NFC. Here's a look at Detroit's remaining schedule:
Week 15: Bears
Week 16: at Bengals
Week 17: Packers
The Lions should be able to get these next two games, so their best chance of losing comes in Week 17 against the Packers. That means Green Bay will need to lose before then for Cowboys fans to get what they want.
Step 3: The Falcons or Panthers lose twice
One of these teams is guaranteed to lose since they play each other in Week 17, so the Cowboys just need one to lose before then. Both play the Bucs, which we'll mark down as wins. Carolina plays the Packers and Atlanta plays the Saints. So it really comes down to which team Cowboys fans expect to win the Week 17 matchup between the Lions and Packers…
If it's the Packers, Cowboys fans will be rooting for the Panthers to beat Green Bay in Week 15 and for Atlanta to lose to both Carolina and New Orleans.
If it's the Lions, Cowboys fans will be rooting for Green Bay and Atlanta to beat Carolina.
The result of the Packers-Panthers game next week will set Dallas fans' rooting agenda for the rest of the season…
If the Panthers win, root for:
Saints over Falcons, Week 16
Panthers over Falcons, Week 17
Packers over Lions, Week 17
If the Packers win, root for:
Falcons over Panthers, Week 17
Lions over Packers, Week 17
Of course, none of this matters if the Cowboys do not win out. The NFC playoff race will be a lot more fun if they do.
MOSCOW: Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov on Monday backed the efforts of Libya's military commander Khalifa Haftar and his rival UN-backed Prime Minister Fayez Al-Sarraj to reach a peace agreement in the conflict-ridden country.
“We actively support the emerging trend to step up the process of political resolution, toward a full restoration of statehood in your country,” Lavrov told Haftar in remarks released by the Foreign Ministry after the two men met in Moscow.
“We know about your efforts, together with Sarraj, aimed at achieving a generally accepted agreement on optimal ways to execute the Skhirat political agreement that would be acceptable for everyone,” Lavrov said.
The UN-backed Skhirat Agreement was reached in 2015 as the basis for a political process in Libya, but it had been rejected by Haftar and other factions.
“We support your intent on achieving some progress,” Lavrov said.
Libya has been in chaos since the 2011 uprising that toppled former ruler Muammar Qaddafi.
Sarraj, who was appointed last year to lead the new government of national accord, has been unable to assert his authority outside Tripoli. Haftar's rival administration is based in Libya's remote east.
The two rivals agreed a cease-fire at talks in France last month and committed to holding elections, a plan which was endorsed by the UN Security Council.
On Monday, Lavrov emphasised the UN's role in the peace process, adding that the new UN special envoy to Libya, Ghassan Salame, who started work this month, was also due in Moscow.
“Unfortunately, the situation in your country continues to be complicated. The threat of extremism has not been overcome, though we know about the actions being taken to eradicate it,” Lavrov said.
MOSCOW: Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov on Monday backed the efforts of Libya's military commander Khalifa Haftar and his rival UN-backed Prime Minister Fayez Al-Sarraj to reach a peace agreement in the conflict-ridden country.
“We actively support the emerging trend to step up the process of political resolution, toward a full restoration of statehood in your country,” Lavrov told Haftar in remarks released by the Foreign Ministry after the two men met in Moscow.
“We know about your efforts, together with Sarraj, aimed at achieving a generally accepted agreement on optimal ways to execute the Skhirat political agreement that would be acceptable for everyone,” Lavrov said.
The UN-backed Skhirat Agreement was reached in 2015 as the basis for a political process in Libya, but it had been rejected by Haftar and other factions.
“We support your intent on achieving some progress,” Lavrov said.
Libya has been in chaos since the 2011 uprising that toppled former ruler Muammar Qaddafi.
Sarraj, who was appointed last year to lead the new government of national accord, has been unable to assert his authority outside Tripoli. Haftar's rival administration is based in Libya's remote east.
The two rivals agreed a cease-fire at talks in France last month and committed to holding elections, a plan which was endorsed by the UN Security Council.
On Monday, Lavrov emphasised the UN's role in the peace process, adding that the new UN special envoy to Libya, Ghassan Salame, who started work this month, was also due in Moscow.
“Unfortunately, the situation in your country continues to be complicated. The threat of extremism has not been overcome, though we know about the actions being taken to eradicate it,” Lavrov said.
A Huthwaite couple have warned pet owners to be on their guard after their cat was believed to have been poisoned by anti-freeze.
The death of Mowgli a 17-month old tom on Monday is thought to have been the fourth incident of poisoning in a week in the area.
Mowgli's heartbroken owner Mark Bannister told how he and girlfriend Gemma Bolsover noticed their pet was ill on Monday evening.
Mark 27 of New Street, Huthwaite said: “We came home from work about 5.30pm and Gemma saw Mowgli was ill.
“It was as if he was drunk and couldn't control his bowels.
“She rushed the cat to the vet , but it ws too late. Later we had another phone call .
“The vet told us he had suffered third stage organ failure and had died.”
Mark said it looked like Mowgli had all the classic symptoms of anti-freeze poisoning.
He said the cat had probably drank the poison on Sunday night as he ha been left in the house all day.
Mark said:” It is disgraceful - if you don't want a cat there chase them away - poisoning an innocent animal is a horrible thing to do.
“We understand there have been similar incidents where cats have been poisoned around Huthwaite.
“It is not even the time of year for anti-freeze. I Would like to think it wasn't deliberate but everything points towards that.
He was a lovely cat, he used to cuddle up with the dog.”
Vets4pets in Sutton told Chad three cats had been taken to them with anti-freeze poisoning over th epast week.
While Mark believes her cat was poisoned deliberately the RSPCA said anti-freeze poisonings are relatively common.
The animal safety charity added: “Most people are unaware of the danger to pets from antifreeze poisoning.
“Ingesting the smallest amount can cause kidney failure and death, especially in cats.
“Accidental poisonings from spills/leaks, as well as leaking water coolant from cars happen every year, leading to pet death.
“Clean up spills immediately, no matter how small. Ensure pets cannot access the area until it's clean and safe.”
Anyone with information contact Nottignhamshire Police quoting incident number 858-14062017.
Signs of anti-freeze poisoning in pets include:
- Vomiting
- Seeming depressed/sleepy
- Appearing drunk and uncoordinated
- Seizures (fits)
- Difficulty breathing
Signs of antifreeze poisoning can show 30 minutes after ingestion. It can be two/three days before signs of kidney failure are seen.
Antifreeze poisoning can cause pain, suffering, distress and ultimately, death. Poisoning cats can constitute a criminal offence; under the Animal Welfare Act 2006 the maximum penalty for anyone found guilty is up to six months imprisonment and/or a £20,000 fine.
Happy Vibes All Over
The unseen family picture has Saif and Bebo squeezing in to make for a happy, family portrait. Oh, we love how Saif has literally taken over the fame by lying on the newlyweds Soha and Kunal! Too cute naa?
When Kareena Revealed That She's Intimated By Soha
Recently at an event, Bebo has said, "I rarely get intimidated by people, but if there's one person who I find intimidating, it's Soha. I am in awe of her. I am pretty nervous whenever I am dining with Saif and Soha. I feel like I am never going to understand their conversation. If Kunal can't follow it, there's no way I can, but she has always been so polite. She will ask me, ‘What's up? Did you buy anything? What's the gossip?' I wonder if that's how the conversation with me is going to be like forever (laughs). I feel small and vain whenever I am around her, but we've found our way now."
Soha Is The Pillar Of Strength In The Family
She had further added, "If there's anyone in the family who we all turn to if Amma (Sharmila) is all worked up and fired up, it's Soha. She is one person who can control any situation. I truly believe that she is the torchbearer of this family, she is the grounding on which all of us stand. The way she compassionately took care of her father, when he was ailing... even I am a daughter and I don't think I could have done what she did. That alone, in my eyes, makes her a solid woman. She is the brightest in the family."
Soha Too Is Charmed By Kareena In Equal Measures
Earlier while speaking to News18, she had said, "I think she was being very generous in saying that. I don't think that she's in awe of anyone and I think she is so secure and so comfortable in her own skin that she can afford to be generous like that."
Soha On Her Bond With Kareena
"We have become closer, also because we've shared so many experiences together. My getting married soon after she got married, my having a child soon after she had a child. These are things that do bring you closer together because you lean on each other for support and for advice and for help. She has really been so helpful through that."
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
TALLAHASSEE (CBSMiami/AP) — Governor Rick Scott wants the state to acquire land to build a reservoir system south of Lake Okeechobee to help battle toxic algae blooms.
Scott also announced that he wants state legislators to set aside $200 million this year to help repair the aging federally-operated dike that surrounds the lake.
Scott's decision to immerse him into the ongoing debate over Lake Okeechobee comes while the state Legislature is caught in a tug-of-war over how to deal with the so-called “guacamole” algae that fouled coastal waterways a year ago, causing national headlines.
The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers releases polluted water from the lake to lower the pressure on the dike to avoid a repeat of a 1928 hurricane breach that killed 2,500 people. Senate President Joe Negron's solution to water woes is to pass an ambitious $1.2 billion plan to use agricultural and state-owned land to store water south of the lake instead of releasing it into coastal estuaries.
Scott has remained silent on the proposal as it has moved through the Senate, but now says he's willing to support it with some conditions.
“Our environment and the local economy in south Florida were hit hard,” Scott said. “Businesses were hurt, our tourism industry was impacted and we have to continue to do all we can to make sure we keep enhancing the quality of our water.”
Federal authorities have been promising to fix the dike, but under current proposals the repairs would not be finished until 2025. In the past Scott has blasted the administration of President Barack Obama for failing to move more quickly on repairs. But now with the administration of President Donald Trump in power, Scott is willing to have the state put up $200 million now to expedite the repairs. He said this would help meet a goal of having the repairs done three years earlier.
Negron welcomed Scott's support for his plan, but was somewhat skeptical about whether or not the federal government would repay the state for the dike repair. Negron said that “I want to make sure we do not spend hundreds of millions of dollars … on what is unquestionably a federal responsibility.”
John Campbell, a spokesman with the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, said repairing the dike is a “significant public safety issue” in case it breaches, but he said ecological consequences have not been studied yet.
“We could be trading one ecological problem for another,” Campbell said.
While Scott said he now supports building the reservoir system, he does not support having the state take private property.
The Senate has already passed a bill (SB 10) that creates a reservoir system that could potentially take between 3,000 and 6,000 acres of agricultural land out of production. This has received pushback from the powerful sugar and agricultural industry, which often gives hundreds of thousands of dollars in campaign donations to leading politicians in Florida. U.S. Sugar Corporation late last month wrote a $100,000 check to Scott's political committee. Since January, Scott has gotten a total of $300,000 from the two major sugar companies in the state.
A representative of the industry praised Scott's approach Monday.
“In advocating for up to $200 million in dike repairs and using existing state-owned lands for future water projects, Governor Scott has shown he understands the importance of protecting lives and saving jobs by taking such a responsible position,” said Ryan Duffy, a spokesman for the Florida Sugarcane Farmers.
(© Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
APC leaders have refused to transform themselves into statesmen – Sen. Adokwe
A Chieftain of the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), and Senator representing Nasarawa South Senatorial District, Suleiman Asonya Adokwe, said despite being in office for over two years, leaders of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) have refused to transform themselves into statesmen. Adokwe who disclosed this in a chat with journalists in Jos, said, […]
APC leaders have refused to transform themselves into statesmen – Sen. Adokwe
This post was syndicated from Daily Post Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
It's been a good day on the markets as we are seeing green right across the board.
The Canadian dollar strengthened today on word the Bank of Canada will hold interest rates steady at 1.25 – percent but Governor Stephen Poloz did raise expectations a boost would be likely in July.
The dollar is trading at 0.7765 cents against the American greenback.
The TSX clawed back some ground on the strength of the energy sector up 126 points to 16,048.
Oil also a big winner today gaining $1.62 to $68.35 a barrel.
On Wall Street, both the Dow and Nasdaq posted gains after a weak day yesterday. T
The Dow at 24,672 and the Nasdaq up 65 points to 7,462.
Gold is also up $3.40 to $1,305 an ounce.
Vikas Gupta Was Asked To Comment On Shilpa-Hina Twitter War
When Vikas Gupta, the second runner-up of Bigg Boss 11, was asked about the same, he refused to comment on it as he didn't want his, Shilpa and Hina's fan clubs to get into war zone.
Vikas Refused To Comment
Vikas was quoted by Spotboye as saying, "Honestly, I wouldn't like to give my take on this. Shilpa did what she had to. If I side her, Hina's fans will attack me. If I side Hina, Shilpa's fans will attack me."
The Producer Didn't Want Their Fans To Get Into War Zone
"Either way, my fans will get embroiled, and within no time, our three accounts and our fan clubs will define a war zone." He further added, "Bigg Boss 11 is over, at least for me. Let's move on with our lives, man."
Vikas & Shilpa
It has to be recalled that Vikas Gupta and Shilpa Shinde had major fights in the Bigg Boss 11 house during the initial days. Because of Shilpa's torture, Vikas had also tried to escape from the house. But later the duo became friends.
Vikas & Shilpa's On & Off Friendship!
The duo had also planned to do a show (web series) together, but later Shilpa revealed that she didn't want to do a show with Vikas! Forget Bigg Boss 11 house, we can never understand what's on Shilpa and Vikas' mind!
Hina & Vikas
Moving on to Hina Khan and Vikas' relationship inside the house, the duo didn't share great bond inside the house, although they seemed friendly in the end of the show. Post Bigg Boss 11, Vikas, Hina, Rocky and Priyank had a mini reunion. All of them had a gala time.
Vikas Plays Safe
Vikas Gupta is no doubt called as mastermind! He played safe inside the Bigg Boss house (by becoming Shilpa's friend and taking Hina's side as well). Even now, he is taking no chance as both Hina and Shilpa has huge fan base!
Apivio Board recommends Shareholders to tender their shares to the amended ALL-CASH offer for $0.45 per Share (Except as expressly noted, all dollar amounts referenced are in Canadian dollars)
VANCOUVER, BC --(Marketwired - April 16, 2017) - Nuri Telecom Company Limited ("Nuri"), together with its wholly-owned subsidiary 1101324 B.C. Ltd. (the "Offeror"), and Apivio Systems Inc. (TSX VENTURE: APV) ("Apivio") are pleased to announce that they have reached an agreement to support the amended offer by Nuri to purchase all of the Apivio common shares (the "Shares").
Under the terms of the agreement (the "Agreement") Nuri has agreed to amend its offer (the "Amended Offer") to provide for an increase in the offer price to Apivio shareholders to $0.45 for each Share. The Amended Offer, valuing Apivio at approximately $24.0 million, has unanimous support of the Boards of Directors of both companies.
"We are pleased to have the support of the Apivio Board of Directors," said Song Man Cho, Nuri's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. "We believe this transaction delivers excellent value to Apivio shareholders. Together, we're bringing this full, fair and final offer to Apivio shareholders and we encourage everyone to tender their shares."
"Since Nuri made its initial offer, our Board has remained steadfast in our commitment to maximize value for all shareholders," said Rob Bakshi, Apivio's President and Chief Executive Officer. "This agreement fulfills that commitment, providing our shareholders with a fair price for their shares, we can now unreservedly recommend shareholders tender their shares to Nuri's improved offer."
A notice of variation for the Amended Offer is expected to be mailed to registered security holders of Apivio by April 21, 2017 and will be filed on Apivio's SEDAR profile. Apivio shareholders are urged to carefully review this document in its entirety.
The Amended Offer is subject to certain conditions, including the acquisition by Nuri of at least 51% of the outstanding Shares (calculated on a fully-diluted basis) being validly tendered under the Amended Offer and not withdrawn. This minimum tender condition has been lowered previously from 66⅔%.
The Apivio Board will issue a notice of change to its directors' circular that will contain its favourable recommendation to Apivio shareholders. Apivio expects to issue and mail the notice of change with Nuri's notice of variation in connection with the Amended Offer.
The Agreement contains, among other things, provisions for non-solicitation of competing offers, provided that Apivio has the right to consider superior proposals from other parties.
PI Financial Corp. are financial advisors to Nuri. Norton Rose Fulbright Canada LLP are Nuri's legal advisors. Haywood Securities Inc. is Apivio's financial advisor. Apivio's legal advisors are Blake, Cassels & Graydon LLP.
About Nuri
Nuri is a provider of next generation communication technology for the Internet of Things ("IoT") and the Smart Grid industry. Nuri is a global leader in providing end-to-end advanced metering infrastructure solutions that save consumers money and help utilities to run a network infrastructure that's proven, reliable, future-proof and fully standardized. Nuri's core product offering is a communication solution for smart meters, AiMiR, which provides automatic meter readings of electricity, water, gas and other measurements and delivers gathered data through a variety of networks in real time. AiMiR helps consumers and utility companies manage their resource consumption by providing real time information, accommodating their resource distribution to optimum levels for both short term and long term infrastructure needs.
To date, Nuri has deployed its communication systems to over two million households and businesses in 19 countries worldwide, and that number continues to grow each day through large-scale deployments in commercial, industrial, and residential markets. With a growing list of global customers, Nuri is expanding its customer base throughout Asia, Europe and Africa. Recently, Nuri has won US$79.0 million Soria projects in Norway and US$12.0 million ECG projects in Ghana.
About Apivio
Apivio Systems Inc. is a Canadian technology company principally engaged in the design, development, marketing, and sale of communications equipment and software. It has a wholly-owned Korean subsidiary with an established track record of supplying VoIP telephone equipment and other products to major Korean and international telecommunications carriers. For more information regarding the Company, please refer to its respective public filings available at www.sedar.com.
About Nuri's Offer to Apivio shareholders
Full details of the Amended Offer and the related documents including, once filed, the notice of variation, are, or will be, available under the Apivio profile at sedar.com. Laurel Hill Advisory Group, who have been retained as Nuri's information agent for instructions at:
1-877-452-7184 (Toll Free in North America)
1-416-304-0211 (Collect Outside North America)
or by email at assistance@laurelhill.com
Forward-Looking Statements
This news release contains certain "forward-looking information" within the meaning of applicable Canadian securities legislation (collectively, "forward-looking statements"), including statements about: the timing of mailing of the notice of change and variation in respect of the Amended Offer, the expected expiry time of the offer, current expectations, estimates, projections and assumptions. Although each of Nuri and Apivio, as applicable, believes that the expectations represented by such forward-looking statements are reasonable, there can be no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct, so readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on them. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future events occurring or of future performance and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Users of this information are cautioned that actual events and results may differ materially as a result of, among other things, assumptions regarding the timely receipt of regulatory and other approvals; and risks associated with existing and potential future lawsuits and regulatory actions. Readers are cautioned that the foregoing list of risk factors is not exhaustive. Additional information on these and other factors that could affect events and results are included in reports and other documents, including those related to the Offer, by Nuri and Apivio with Canadian securities regulatory authorities at sedar.com.
Except as required by applicable securities laws, each of Nuri and Apivio disclaims any intention or obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
Neither the TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in the policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this news release.
Lake Buena Vista, Fl. – It's no secret that when it comes to the sport of amateur wrestling, opinions vary.
While we all know wrestling, in its earliest form, was the oldest competitive sport we had, it remains a mystery why the popularity throughout this country, is not what it is worldwide.
You can trace the success, here in South Florida to the athletes we produce. With no college wrestling and legends to follow locally, the infusion came in from outside the area.
Back in the day, younger college graduates from the Midwest and Northeast, with a wrestling background, would come down in search of teaching and coaching positions to take in the sun and sand. When they saw how many athletes there were to work with, they stayed and brought down others with the same skill and teaching level.
Last weekend, at the Wyndham Hotel near Disney, wrestling in the state of Florida showed just how far it has come – when the National Wrestling Hall of Fame – Florida Chapter – hosted its 17th induction for those who have elevated the sport.
As hundreds gathered for the weekend, the focus was on many who had made a difference and join the other HOF members, which include 76 coaches, contributors and media members who have blazed a path to follow in Florida.
Under the direction of longtime organizers and wrestling supporters Gary and Jane Townsend, this entire celebration has taken off through the years. Both Hall of Fame inductees, they have kept this flame alive with so many others, and that has been the main difference.
With Terry Shockley, Chairman of the Board of the National Wrestling Hall of Fame, on hand for this evening, the focus was on the six who were in this year's tremendous class.
Among those enshrined in the Hall of Fame include: Dan Kelly (Venice), the late Russell Mauger (St. Petersburg Dixie Hollins & Pinellas Park) and longtime Bradenton Southeast coach Bob Thomas.
THE 305 AND 954 ON DISPLAY
As all were honored throughout the weekend – with several events hosted – there were three South Floridians who have really impacted the sport and truly deserved the honor.
COACH FIDEL ALBELO (MIAMI BELEN JESUIT): Here is a native of Cuba, who has never fully grasped the English language, but this likeable and passionate coach needs no translation when it comes to teaching and winning.
Here is not only a tremendous coach and person, but has truly become the ambassador of the powerful Miami-Dade County wrestling community.
Since 1993, Albelo has guided his teams to five Top 10 FHSAA finishes in state competition. He also had nine individual champs and 20 place winners.
Above all, Fidel Albelo loves to have fun and has looked to icons such as Rick Tucci for guidance through the years.
“Having been around International competition for decades, working Olympic Games, you meet some dynamic people,” Tucci explained. “Fidel is one of those passionate and extremely knowledgeable coaches who we met in Cuba. He deserves this honor so much. He has hurdled a lot of obstacles along the way. He is also an outstanding referee as well.”
COACH ALLEN HELD (WESTON CYPRESS BAY): Since the 1980's, there are very few who have elevated two sports the way this South Broward High graduate did through the years.
As a football coach at Hallandale and his alma mater, he did some amazing things, developing and churning out talent like NFL Pro Bowler Davin Joseph.
Joseph was a key to the other sport that Held coached. It was a sport that he had been around all of his life.
As productive as he was on the football field – and he knows football, wrestling was his comfort zone – his sweet spot.
This is a sport that he had been around all of his athletic life.
Over a 27 year period, his programs at Hallandale, South Broward and now at Cypress Bay, have helped to produce 450 wins, 93 FHSAA qualifiers and six individual champions, including Joseph, twice, and Held's son, A.J.
“Allen has always been everyone's favorite, and for good reason,” Tucci said. “He runs a tremendous and efficient tournament and his kids are always talented and understand how to behave. Another of those coaches that we have all watched and appreciated what he has done. He is special.”
HENRY JACKSON (HOLLYWOOD CHAMINADE-MADONNA): For this Miami Carol City graduate, it was all about creating opportunities and working hard to reach his goals. A Miami-Dade Junior College standout who qualified for the national tournament before he was a two-time All-Southeastern Conference performer at the University of Florida.
Among his head coaching positions included Miami Central, Plantation and currently at Chaminade-Madonna, where he is building a program back up.
“Henry was special, and we could see it right away,” said Tucci, who happened to be his junior college coach and responsible for helping him reach those goals. “Great family and a tremendous work ethic. One of the most complete people you will meet. We have remained close through the years.”
In addition to the Townsends, others instrumental in making this a first class production included: Sam Agresti, Bill Combs, Don Smith, Robert Matyskiel and talented and all-around great guy, Robert Burns, who also used his great voice to MC the event.
“I think we really showcased this sport and the Hall of Fame this weekend,” Gary Townsend explained. “We are doing this better and better every year. Just keep in mind that no other state does anything like this.”
Catch the South Florida High Sports Radio Show each Monday night (9-10) on WQAM (560AM). For the past 10 years, the players and coaches who are making the headlines, join the program. You will learn a lot!
At a hill-top memorial in Yerevan, thousands of Armenians gather to remember the massacre of 1.5 million of their people by Ottoman Turks a century ago.
This year's Remeberace Day falls amid great political uncertainty, coming just a day after former Armenian President Serzh Sargsyan resigned from his newly appointed post of Prime Minister.
11 days of street protests turned into joyous celebrations. Demonstrators had accused him of 'clinging to power' following his 10 years as President.
Arman Abgarian is a Musician and came out to celebrate a new era of Armenian politics. He says; “We did something that people could not do in 20 years. The thing that we need to do first is to change all the government members because, you know, corruption is a huge thing in Armenia. This will be changed,”
Marine Uzunian is a housewife in Armenian. She says; "Finally we got rid of this… how to say… dictator,”
Sevak Tigranian, an Armenian Economist, says; “I am glad he made the right decision and gave the authority to people.”
Armen Sukiasian told reporters; “Now new authorities will come, and we will be the ones making our future."
Monday's ugly scenes on the streets of Armenia's capital city Yerevan had threatened to plunge Armenia into a political crisis.
Unarmed soliders joined anti-government protests heaping pressure on 63 year old Serzh Sargsyan.
Following Sargsyan's unexpected resignation, Russia who's one of Armenia's key allies, says it doesn't regard the situation as a Ukraine-style revolution.
Now Armenia's political parties have a week to put forward the name of a new Prime Mninister
While fans await to know about Disha Vakani's comeback on Taarak Mehta's Ooltah Chashmah, her recent announcement has left many heartbroken. The actress who took a maternity break from the show, took to her Instagram account recently to make an announcement. She portrayed the character Dayaben on the show, that managed to win a huge fan following.
Addressing the on-going fans' concern and eagerness with regard to Disha's comeback on the show, she said on Instagram, "Everyone is telling me to come back on show especially you all peoples. I really missed the trkmoc . I likely to come on show. But circumstances doesn't favour this . 💞
Thanks for understanding and supporting me ! Keep loving and watching Tarak mehta ka ooltah chashmah . #Dishadiloves #trkmoc"- (sic)
Does her comment mean she might return to the sets eventually? But the heartbroken fans couldn't resist from pleading the actress to return on their favourite show. The comments on Instagram read, "Pleaseee comeback everyone loves you sooo much. Look back at ur episodes. U act the best out them all. Everyone watches tmkoc I watch it here in America all my cousins watch as well. My cousin in canada. And my cousin and Pakistan. And my cousin in Australia. Pleaseeeeeee comeback."- (sic)
The actress gave birth to a baby girl last November (2017), and has been missing from the show since. Fans also spoke about the baby saying, "Mam we love you and we understand that your baby needs you. Take your time but please return to the show. It's okay if you return even after 3 or 5 years but please come back on the show." We hope to see Disha back on the show soon!
Must Read- Naagin 3 Actresses Share Goofy Picture From The Sets!
FILE - In this May 18, 2012 file photo, actor James Woods arrives for the screening of Once Upon a Time in America at the 65th international film festival, in Cannes, southern France. Woods said he is retiring from the entertainment industry. The news was included in a press release issued Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, by Woods' real estate agent offering Woods' Rhode Island lake house for sale. (AP Photo/Joel Ryan, File)
Related View Larger FILE - In this Nov. 2, 2016 file photo, actor James Woods poses at the premiere of the film 'Bleed for This' at the Samuel Goldwyn Theater in Beverly Hills, Calif. Woods said he is retiring from the entertainment industry. The news was included in a press release issued Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, by Woods' real estate agent offering Woods' Rhode Island lake house for sale.
The Associated Press
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
VENTURA, Calif. (CBSMiami) — The raging Thomas Fire, now the 5th largest brush fire in California history, triggered new evacuation orders for the Ventura-Santa Barbara county lines, authorities said.
Overnight, new orders were sent out for the Carpinteria and Montecito areas after another structure was lost.
The California wildfires have destroyed an area larger than New York City and Boston – combined and there is no end in sight.
Ferocious Santa Ana winds are literally adding fuel to the fires, one week after the colossal Thomas Fire started.
The Thomas Fire is 230,000 acres. It started in the Santa Barbara area and is now burning through Ventura County toward Los Angeles.
More than $34 million has already been spent fighting the Thomas Fire, according to the Ventura County. That cost will grow since the first was only 10-percent contained on Sunday.
At least 25,000 homes are threatened by five wildfires, according to the fire protection agency CAL FIRE.
As of Sunday, 5,773 firefighters were tackling the Thomas Fire alone.
The Nevada Department of Corrections and Nevada Division of Forestry — which run conservation camps — have sent six trained crews of minimum-security inmates to help.
Thousands more firefighters– including some from Arizona, Colorado, Idaho, Oregon, Utah and Washington state — were involved in fighting the other wildfires.
Santa Barbara County has suffered intermittent (but widespread) power outages due to the Thomas Fire. Southern California Edison said that outages and surges had left up to 85,000 customers without electricity.
Every day, Los Angeles firefighters receive a brush burning index report that indicates the fire danger. If it is 162 or higher, that's considered extreme. Late last week, it was 296 — a record.
At least 98,000 residents have been evacuated in Southern California, according to CAL FIRE.
This year has been the costliest for wildfires in the United States. Damages have topped $10 billion in 2017 — and that was before the current spate of Southern California fires began.
Governor Jerry Brown said over the weekend these year-round, massive fires are the new norm in California, blaming it on climate change.
(©2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company, contributed to this report.)
Oppo has announced its latest flagship smartphone, which it calls the R15. Odds are if you're reading this, you'll never have the chance to buy it. Oppo sells its phones mainly in China, but you might be able to buy a phone that looks an awful lot like it called the OnePlus 6. And look at that—a screen notch.
Before we get to OnePlus, let's just go over the R15 to keep up appearances. This phone will sport a Snapdragon 660, 6GB of RAM, a 3400 mAh battery, 16+20MP dual rear cameras, and a 6.28-inch 2280×1080 OLED panel. The display has a chunk missing at the top where the front-facing camera and earpiece live. However, this phone lacks the symmetry of the iPhone X it is so clearly copying. Despite having a notch at the top, there's still a chin at the bottom. Apple folds the OLED back at the bottom to make room for the display controller. Oppo apparently did not do that.
OnePlus will deny a direct connection to Oppo, but they share the same parent company. So, it's no surprise that all of OnePlus' recent phones have born a striking resemblance to the corresponding Oppo phone. The R11, for example, is the spitting image of the OnePlus 5. Then, the R11S came along offering a preview of the OnePlus 5T. So, the R15 almost certainly offers a glimpse of the OnePlus 6. The Snapdragon chip will be upgraded to an 845, and there will be an alert slider. You can definitely count on that screen notch, though.
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
Thermal refuges protect trout on Housatonic
Photo: H John Voorhees III / Hearst Connecticut Media Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 Buy photo The Housatonic River in Gaylordsville, Conn. August, 2017. The Housatonic River in Gaylordsville, Conn. August, 2017. Photo: H John Voorhees III / Hearst Connecticut Media Buy this photo Thermal refuges protect trout on Housatonic 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Spots along several area rivers serve as cooling spots for trout in the summer months when the trouts' regular streams and rivers get too hot.
Anglers are not allowed to fish at these thermal refuges until after September 15. They are marked by signs, noting that fishing must be done at least 100 feet away.
“Summer can be a very difficult time for trout here in Connecticut,” according to the state Department of Energy and Environmental Protection. “Many of our waters warm well into the stressful and often deadly range. To beat the heat, trout will seek out places where groundwater and cold tributaries enter.”
Some of these spots are along the Housatonic, Naugatuck and Shetucket rivers.
“Please do not disturb the trout seeking refuge,” DEEP said in its fishing newsletter. “Even walking along the bank can cause the fish to scatter back out into the main channel where the water temperatures can have significant consequences.”
RIO DE JANEIRO — It's getting late for Lionel Messi, who'll be 31 during next year's World Cup in Russia.
He's yet to deliver a major trophy for Argentina, his country of birth. And it may not happen next year. In fact, Messi and Argentina may not even get there.
Argentina is on the verge of missing the World Cup for the first time since 1970 after stumbling to a 0-0 draw against Peru before a capacity crowd on Thursday at Boca Juniors' Bombonera stadium in Buenos Aires — one of the dominant home-field advantages in all of world soccer.
Only one day of qualifying games remains in South America, and Argentina is off the pace for direct qualification.
“Our situation is not very comfortable,” Argentina coach Jorge Sampaoli said, “but it depends on us.”
Argentina, the runner-up to Germany three years ago in Brazil, plays Tuesday against Ecuador in the thin air of Quito in the Andes. The Argentines are in sixth place, with the top four teams advancing automatically to Russia 2018. The fifth-place team can advance by winning an intercontinental playoff against Oceania champion New Zealand.
Brazil, which has already qualified, drew 0-0 against Bolivia on Thursday. Brazil has 38 points, followed by: Uruguay (28), Chile (26), Colombia (26), Peru (25), Argentina (25) and Paraguay (24).
Uruguay is expected to get through the final round on Tuesday. After that, it's too close to call, with four teams chasing the two automatic spots.
That will leave two teams trying to reach the playoff, which looms as Argentina's most probable route. The Argentine squad must win at 2,850 meters (9,350 feet) in Quito and get some help.
In other results Thursday: Paraguay beat Colombia 2-1, Chile beat Ecuador 2-1 and Uruguay was held to a 0-0 draw at Venezuela.
The last matches next Tuesday feature: Uruguay vs. Bolivia, Peru vs. Colombia, Ecuador vs. Argentina, Brazil vs. Chile and Paraguay vs. Venezuela. Ecuador, Venezuela and Bolivia are already out of contention.
No Argentina?
It's almost unthinkable. No Messi. No Argentina in Russia. But it could happen.
Several generations of Argentines have no idea what it's like to be out of the World Cup. And that includes Messi, who will turn 31 when the Cup in being played next year in Russia.
Argentina had all the possession. Messi had a handful of good chances and hit the post in the first minute of the second half. In a fair world, Argentina would have won by several goals. Dario Benedetto had several chances, too.
In three qualifying matches under new coach Sampaoli, Argentina has scored just one goal.
Sampaoli tried to sound upbeat.
“I remain confident we'll be in the World Cup,” he said. “It would really be unfair if a group that put it all out there — like they did — does not advance.
“Throughout the game we had a marked advantage again them, but we could not break through.”
Peru's Argentina-born coach Ricardo Garcea was happier.
“Getting a result in Argentina is really difficult,” he said. “But qualifying now depends only on us, which is important.”
“It's an awe inspiring event,” said TJ White, an employee with Oceanside Photo and Telescope (OPT) talking about the 2017 solar eclipse.
On August 21, here in San Diego, watchers will see a partial solar eclipse with nearly 65% of the sun's rays blocked by the moon. TJ said OPT's biggest seller recently has been solar eclipse glasses.
“I've gone to different places, haven't been able to find anything,” Sid Jones from Chula Vista said. Sid said he drove to Oceanside from Chula Vista to buy ten pairs of glasses for $60.
“On average, we send out a couple hundred boxes but today, we're going to be sending out about 1,500 to 2,000,” TJ said.
Online Scammers Selling Fake Solar Eclipse Glasses
NBC 7's Consumer Bob shares the growing problem of scammers selling solar eclipse glasses that do not protect the eyes from damaging rays. (Published 18 minutes ago)
While OPT's glasses have been verified safe, some organizations are warning the eclipse has been an opportunity for crooks hoping to capitalize off unverified glasses or filters.
Amazon started reaching out to customers last week who bought solar glasses or filters that have not been verified as being safe, according to Cecilia Fan, a spokesperson for Amazon.
In an email, Fan said, “We asked third-party sellers that were offering solar eclipse glasses to provide documentation to verify their products were compliant with relevant safety standards.”
Fan said Amazon sellers who have provided safety documentation for their products remain available for sale but listings from sellers who did not provide verification have been removed. Customers who purchased from unverified sellers were notified by Amazon last week, according to Fan. Customers with questions about their purchase are encouraged to contact Amazon's customer service department.
NASA and other experts are encouraging eclipse-viewers to make sure glasses are ISO rated and to avoid any that might be scratched or older than three years.
To learn more tips from NASA for viewing the 2017 solar eclipse safely, click here.
Another way to watch the eclipse is a homemade pinhole viewer. To read step-by-step instructions on how to make one, click here.
“You're going to be in complete darkness for a couple of minutes in the middle of the day,” TJ said, “Some say it's a life-changing event.”
by Carla Occaso
MONTPELIER — Water poured out for hours January 2 in effort to ready the first State House lawn ice skating rink. The Bridge stopped by around 2 p.m. (with yet an hour or so more of water dispensing to go) and ran into Montpelier Alive board president Sarah Jarvis, Montpelier Fire Chief Robert Gowans and rink installer Damian J. Renzello, among others.
“The weather will dictate the opening at this point and it looks warm the next few days, so stay tuned to see if we stay on track for the 4th,” wrote Ashley Witzenberger, executive director of Montpelier Alive, one of the partners in creating the project. “The community support has been terrific and we can't wait to see everyone skating downtown under the golden dome.”
Renzello and Dan Vooris were making final tweaks to the rink's structure as the water gushed and curious onlookers approached with a smattering of questions. One person asked if the rink would kill the grass underneath. Renzello said once the snow starts melting, grass germination starts. So it is up to the city to remove the rink early enough to let the grass grow. Renzello is the owner of Porta-Rinx based in East Montpelier. He is also supplying a “bambini,” which will be used to maintain the rink. A bambini is a smaller version of a zamboni.
The fire department helped get the water flowing through hoses belonging to the department of public works beginning at around 11 a.m. “We're helping supply water. It is a great thing for the city,” Gowans said. It is expected to take until around 4 p.m. to fill the rink, with about 25,000 total gallons needed.
Montpelier Alive has a webpage for the rink:http://montpelieralive. org/222/The-Rink-at-State- Street and will be adding more information in the coming days including where to purchase and rent skates locally. The organization's Facebook page will be updated as well.
Iran's oil minister on Wednesday gave French energy giant Total 60 days to win a sanctions waiver from Washington or it would lose its stake in a multi-billion-dollar gas project.
"Total has 60 days to negotiate with the US government," said Bijan Zanganeh, according to the oil ministry's Shana news agency.
"The French government too can have negotiations with the US government during these 60 days for Total to stay in Iran."
Total was the only western firm to finalise an investment deal in Iran's energy sector following the 2015 nuclear deal, from which Washington withdrew earlier this month.
It signed the agreement last July to become the lead partner in a 4.1 billion euro project to develop the South Pars 11 gas field, alongside the China National Petroleum Corporation (CNPC) and Iran's Petropars.
But after Washington quit the deal and pledged to fully reimpose sanctions by November, Total has said it will be impossible to continue unless it gets a specific waiver from Washington.
If the French firm fails to win an exemption, CNPC "will replace Total in this project," Zanganeh said.
The oil minister did not explain why the French firm only had 60 days, with US sanctions on foreign energy companies in Iran not due to kick in until 4 November.
Even before Washington pulled out of the nuclear deal, Iran had struggled to attract investment into its oil and gas sector.
The only other deal was a 600 million euro deals with Russian state-owned firm Zarubezhneft to boost production at two oil fields in the western province of Ilam.
Hardliners in Iran had opposed foreign investment in the energy sector despite the government saying billions were needed to realise its potential.
"Iran failed to attract much energy investment, even when conditions were at their most favourable," wrote the US Center on Global Energy Policy in a recent briefing note.
"The country was far too slow in unveiling its new Iran Petroleum Contract, and when it did, potential investors complained that the terms were unattractive."
(with AFP)
TRINIDAD-DEATH-One killed as fireworks “war” leads to the destruction of several apartments
PORT OF SPAIN, Trinidad, Jan 2, CMC – Fire officia... You are unauthorized to view this page. Username Password Remember Me Reset Password
On Pay Parity In Bollywood
"Investing money in a film is directly co-related to the people you are bringing to the theatre. I'm not delusional that the same number of viewers who go to watch Varun's movies will come to see my work. He has a wider reach than me."
Alia Bhatt Hits The Nail Right On The Head!
"That's why I can't expect that the same amount of money, which is invested in his solo-starrers, is invested in mine, too. Also, it's the subject that makes a film viable. We can't be categorical about everything because every actor and movie is different."
When Asked If She Is Okay To Reduce Her Fees
"Never say never, but I won't let go of a movie that I like because of remuneration."
Money Is Not Everything
"I'll find a way around it. I'll still do it because the emotional attachment to my work is way more than the monetary one," she summed it up to DNA.
On The Work Front
Alia Bhatt is currently shooting for her upcoming movies Gully Boy, Kalank and Brahmastra. All the three movies are scheduled to hit the theatres in 2019.
CTV Ottawa
The first major snow storm of the season is taking aim at Ottawa.
Environment Canada has issued a special weather statement for Ottawa and eastern Ontario.
Snow associated with an Alberta Clipper will move into Ottawa tonight. A general snowfall of 10 to 15 cm of snow is expected to start around midnight and end by Tuesday night.
Heavier accumulations are expected between Belleville to the Kingston region. That area could see up anywhere from 10 to 20 cm of snow.
Environment Canada says Petawawa, Pembroke, Cobden, Renfrew and Arnrpior are likely to receive 5 to 10 cm of snow. Toronto could see up to 15 cm of snow by Tuesday evening.
The storm is expected to produce poor driving conditions, and untreated roads may become slippery. Air Canada is warning the snow could cause flight delays at the Ottawa International Airport and Toronto's Pearson Airport.
Ottawa received 5 cm of snow over the weekend, turning the capital into a winter wonderland.
Police reported a few collisions on Ottawa roads Saturday night.
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — Fewer high school freshman in Minnesota are drinking alcohol. That's according to new data from the State Department of Health.
The 2016 Minnesota Student Survey found 12 percent of high school freshmen say they drink.
That's down 8 percent from 2007 when 11 percent of ninth and 11th graders said they drank more than a few sips of alcohol before age 13.
About 38 percent of high school freshman who drink said they also binge drink.
“Youth drinking has consequences. It's associated with troubles later in life and a host of bad outcomes in high school, such as mental health troubles, fights, risky sexual behavior and poor academic achievement,” said Minnesota Commissioner of Health Jan Malcolm. “It's important that kids know that contrary to public belief a majority of high school students don't drink alcohol.”
Minnesota has a lower youth drinking rate than the nation and surrounding states, too, according to health officials.
For more on the findings, click here.
The Churubusco boys basketball team enjoyed another dynamic all-around performance from guard Jalen Paul on Tuesday night.
Paul finished with 21 points, 10 assists and six rebounds to lead the Eagles to a 64-54 victory at Garrett.
Churubusco (11-7, 6-3 NECC) has won three straight games to move into fifth place in the conference, while the Railroaders (4-15, 2-8) have lost 10 in a row.
Dakota Barkley added 22 points for the Eagles, and Baryton Bonar contributed 12 points and six rebounds.
NEW HAVEN 63, CANTERBURY 53: The visiting Bulldogs pulled down 13 offensive rebounds and forced Canterbury into 20 turnovers en route to their seventh win in eight games.
New Haven (15-6) led 41-40 after three quarters before pulling away in the fourth.
Brecar Clark had a game-high 18 points for the Bulldogs. Whitney Harris and Ivan Upshaw scored 15 apiece, and James Gardner finished with 10 points and seven assists. Mez Ijomanta had 12 points and 12 rebounds for the Cavaliers (6-13).
BISHOP LUERS 51, NORWELL 44: Anton Berry had 16 points and fellow senior Blaine Cook 11 as the Knights (13-6) handed visiting Norwell (11-9) its fourth straight defeat.
EASTSIDE 58, WOODLAN 31: The host Blazers cruised behind senior big man Jacob Thompson's 26-point effort.
Woodlan (12-8) fell behind 14-3 after the first quarter and 27-13 at halftime. Eastside (16-3) has eight consecutive wins. The Warriors' lone double-figure scorer was Ah'lan Howard with 11.
DEKALB 49, CONCORDIA 34: The Barons (7-12) ran their winning streak to four by holding host Concordia (2-15) to 35 percent shooting from the field.
WESTVIEW 58, WAWASEE 52: Despite 21 points from Trevon Coleman and 15 from Jacob Hand, the host Warriors were unable to rally from a 25-18 halftime deficit.
Wawasee (5-14) made nine 3-pointers but attempted only seven free throws.
WHITKO 68, PERU 63: Nathan Walpole scored 35 points as the Wildcats (13-7) won at home.
COMMUNITY BAPTIST 65, LAKELAND CHRISTIAN 50: Jake Harmon had 19 points for the host Cougars (7-14) even as they fell to 1-6 in their last seven games.
COLUMBUS (AP) — One of the nation's largest online charter schools is suing Ohio's State Board of Education over how the board handled a vote to have the school repay $60 million in funding.
The $60 million was disputed because of a lack of documentation to justify the funding.
The complaint filed Tuesday in Franklin County by the Electronic Classroom of Tomorrow alleges board members violated state public-meetings law by voting without first hearing public comment or substantive deliberation on the matter at Monday's meeting. ECOT contends that those circumstances and the removal of a slated non-public session from the agenda indicate the board improperly discussed or made a decision in advance, and its lawsuit is seeking to block enforcement of the board's decision as invalid.
It's part of a larger dispute over how attendance is tracked to determine funding and ECOT's argument that the Ohio Department of Education improperly changed those practices.
“ODE leadership got what it has wanted all along, a rubber stamp of its unlawful attempt to change its funding standard for ECOT in the middle of a school year,” ECOT spokesman Neil Clark said in a statement.
A hearing officer considered the repayment matter and made a recommendation before the board's vote. The department indicated that the board wasn't required to have another hearing and said public comment to the board on the matter before the vote was prohibited under its policies.
The department concluded the e-school didn't have documentation of student log-ins to justify more than half of the nearly $109 million it got for the 2015-16 school year and should return that portion.
A department spokeswoman didn't immediately respond Wednesday to a message seeking comment on the new lawsuit.
The board did allow ECOT supporters to speak after the vote, and members listened as ECOT representatives, parents of its attendees and a 14-year-old student touted the school's benefits and pleaded for reconsideration.
ECOT contends it wasn't given a fair chance to present further relevant information to the board. School officials say the repayment demand could be crippling for the cyber school, which serves 15,000 students.
ECOT, which hasn't repaid the $60 million, has a related case pending in a state appeals court. Clark has said he expects the dispute will end up at the Ohio Supreme Court.
Possible debris from a small plane that vanished last week after taking off for Ohio State University has been found washing ashore on Lake Erie near the airport where it took off, authorities said Sunday night.
Air traffic controllers lost contact with the Cessna Citation 525 shortly after it took off from Burke Lakefront Airport in Cleveland on Thursday night. Six people, three of them children, were aboard, returning to Columbus after having attended a Cleveland Cavaliers basketball game.
The unified command coordinating search operations by the Coast Guard and local fire and police crews said Sunday night that it had received multiple reports of debris washing ashore east of the airport. None of the reported has been verified as having come from the Cessna, it said.
Cleveland police, who are leading the investigation, said they're investigating the contents of a bag that was recovered separately Sunday near Shoreby Club Harbor in Bratenahl.
Superior Beverage Group, an Ohio beverage company, identified those on as its president and chief executive, John T. Fleming; his wife, Sue; their sons Jack and Andrew; and two close friends.
The Federal Aviation Administration said the aircraft was kept in a hangar at Ohio State University. The passengers had no affiliation with the school, the Coast Guard said.
The search was declared a recovery effort, not a rescue, on Saturday. The search was suspended for the night and will resume Monday morning, authorities said.
Vietnamese Police said on Tuesday the villagers outside Hanoi had released almost half of the police officers they were holding hostage in a land dispute.
The post Vietnamese Villagers Release 15 Police Hostages appeared first on PM NEWS Nigeria.
Privacy Concern Raised Over Search Service on Verizon Phones
Is Verizon planning to spy on its customers? You might conclude that it is after reading Verizon's privacy policy on an upcoming AppFlash service, which promises easier access to search and apps on Android phones. The policy says Verizon may share data on features and services you use, along with the list of apps you have installed on your phone, with other Verizon businesses to target ads.
The privacy watchdog Electronic Frontier Foundation described AppFlash as "spyware."
Not so fast, Verizon says. In a statement to clarify its intentions, Verizon says users must explicitly grant permission before using AppFlash. Verizon says customers will be able to easily disable the service, and no one will be required to use it.
The statement, however, doesn't say exactly what permission Verizon is seeking. The privacy policy says users can control AppFlash's access to your location and contact information, but says nothing about giving control over broader usage data. At most, users can turn off ad tracking on the phone by digging through the settings.
The EFF has since retracted Thursday's blog post, pending further investigation. The group had said AppFlash represents Verizon's intention "to start monetizing its customers' private data as soon as possible." The post came just days after Congress voted to block Obama-era restrictions on what internet-access companies like Verizon could do with information about you.
Verizon has gotten heat over user privacy before. Last year, Verizon agreed to pay a $1.35 million fine over a "supercookie" that federal regulators said followed phone customers on the internet without their permission.
The complaints come as Verizon evolves into an advertising business, with the purchase of AOL in 2015 and the upcoming acquisition of Yahoo's internet businesses. Verizon, in knowing what web sites and apps you use, could charge companies more for ads that are targeted to your personal habits.
Android phones and iPhones already come with search services similar to AppFlash. The main difference is when people use AppFlash, Verizon gets more data on your interactions and can target ads accordingly.
AppFlash is a Verizon-branded version of Evie Launcher, which people can already get through the Android app store. After installation, one swipe from a phone edge brings up a search bar; one search pulls content from the web and installed apps at once. For instance, after searching for the movie "Beauty and the Beast," Evie offers one-tap access to buy tickets through Fandango or to read reviews through IMDB or Rotten Tomatoes.
Verizon says AppFlash will be tested initially on a single phone, LG's K20 V. Verizon has offered no details on its plans beyond that, though the app is for Android only and Apple forbids carriers from shipping iPhones with their own apps already installed.
While Verizon promises to seek permission, it's not yet known how Verizon will do that and how clear it will be in explaining what's being collected and how it will be used.
Evie Launcher does ask permission to access location and contact information, and you can say no. It also asks for permission to replace the regular home screen experience for launching individual apps. However, Evie says nothing about privacy during the setup; its privacy policy online says personal information such as usage activity and search queries will be collected, but not shared with third parties.
For those who use AppFlash, Verizon says data collected may be shared with other Verizon businesses for ad targeting. AOL, which Verizon owns, can place ads tailored web users on many other sites, too.
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
OTTAWA — The national unemployment rate was 6.2 per cent in September. Statistics Canada also released seasonally adjusted, three-month moving average unemployment rates for major cities. It cautions, however, that the figures may fluctuate widely because they are based on small statistical samples. Here are the jobless rates last month by city (previous month in brackets):
— St. John's, N.L. 8.9 per cent (8.4)
— Halifax 7.2 (7.1)
— Moncton, N.B. 5.6 (5.1)
— Saint John, N.B. 5.7 (5.8)
— Saguenay, Que. 6.6 (6.7)
— Quebec 4.0 (3.8)
— Sherbrooke, Que. 5.0 (5.0)
— Trois-Rivieres, Que. 6.0 (6.4)
— Montreal 6.5 (6.4)
— Gatineau, Que. 6.0 (5.8)
— Ottawa 5.8 (5.9)
— Kingston, Ont. 5.5 (5.3)
— Peterborough, Ont. 7.1 (8.3)
— Oshawa, Ont. 4.9 (5.3)
— Toronto 6.1 (6.4)
— Hamilton, Ont. 4.2 (4.6)
— St. Catharines-Niagara, Ont. 6.3 (6.5)
— Kitchener-Cambridge-Waterloo, Ont. 4.5 (4.4)
— Brantford, Ont. 5.5 (5.3)
— Guelph, Ont. 5.8 (4.7)
— London, Ont. 5.5 (5.4)
— Windsor, Ont. 5.8 (6.2)
— Barrie, Ont. 6.0 (6.6)
— Sudbury, Ont. 6.0 (6.4)
— Thunder Bay, Ont. 5.0 (5.1)
— Winnipeg 5.5 (5.4)
— Regina 5.7 (5.6)
— Saskatoon 7.9 (8.3)
— Calgary 8.5 (8.5)
— Edmonton 8.5 (8.7)
— Kelowna, B.C. 5.4 (4.6)
— Abbotsford, B.C. 5.5 (5.6)
— Vancouver 4.5 (4.7)
— Victoria 4.5 (4.6)
The Canadian Press
Columbus County's first highway fatalities for 2017 came Sunday evening when a motorcycle with two passengers collided with a pickup truck and trailer at Old Boardman Road and U.S. 74.
The truck entered U.S. 74 and was struck in the front panel by the westbound motorcycle.
Assistant Coroner William Hannah said the names of the victims are being withheld until the family can be notified.
The motorcycle crashed into the pickup truck as it pulled onto U.S. 74 from Old Boardman. No one in the truck appeared to be injured, Hannah said. The motorcycle passengers died at the scene.
The crash is still under investigation, Hannah said. Trooper Richard Capps of the Highway Patrol is investigating.
Chadbourn Rescue and Evergreen Fire Department responded.
A second wreck, a rear-end collision, occurred a short time after the first wreck when a car rear-ended a pickup truck in the westbound lane. Passengers sustained minor injuries and at least one was taken to Columbus Regional Healthcare.
Daniel Baker, the Tennessee sheriff's sergeant who was slain in his squad car, was a former Marine who was repeatedly recognized for his heroism, once detaining a gunman who fired a weapon in the parking lot outside a local play.
On Facebook, Baker's profile picture once read, “Blessed are the peacemakers, for they will be called the children of God. Matthew 5:9.” Convicted felon Steven Wiggins was named as the person of interest in the shooting and is at large. The 32-year-old Dickson County deputy was responding to a suspicious vehicle call when he was murdered on May 30, 2018. Although authorities had not officially identified Baker, family and friends did so, and his name was widely printed in local media reports.
“RIP Daniel Baker, you were a police officer, a Marine, a son, a father and a husband!! You are a TRUE HERO!” wrote one woman on Facebook, speaking for many.
Here's what you need to know:
1. Baker Was Previously in the News for Rescuing a Woman & Detaining a Gunman
Please keep Deputy Daniel Baker's wife & small child in your prayers. A gunman shot and killed him this morning in Dickson County. pic.twitter.com/SEwA22smj8 — Stacy Case (@StacyCase_) May 30, 2018
Baker had been on the Dickson County, Tennessee Sheriff's Department for 10 years, and in that time he had already made headlines for heroic actions. According to the Tennessean, he once “chased and caught a drunken man who fired a gun in the parking lot of a Mary Poppins play at the Dickson Renaissance Center.”
He was working security and heard the gunshots, chasing and catching the suspect, the newspaper recounted.
Five years before, Baker “helped rescue a woman who was trapped in a truck that overturned in a creek,” reported The Tennessean, which reported that Baker and another deputy waded into water up to their waists to save the woman.
“You'll be forever missed by so many brethren! RIP Daniel Baker you were a great man friend father husband son and brother! Love ya brother!!” a friend wrote on Facebook.
2. Baker Was Married & Grew Up in Tennessee, Where He Loved Hunting & Fishing
On Facebook, Sgt. Baker said he was a “Sergeant at Dickson County Sheriff's Office” who went to Columbia Central High School. He wrote that he lives in McEwen, Tennessee, was married, and was from Columbia, Tennessee. In 2014, he wrote, “I'm the luckiest guy in the world!! My wife is amazing in every way!” They were married that year, according to posts on Facebook, and his wife has worked as a dental hygienist.
This was his cover photo on Facebook:
His profile picture on Facebook shows his young daughter feeding horses. Photos show him with his wife, hunting, and fishing. He uploaded a graphic that included the American flag and said, “I Stand.” In 2015, he wrote, “Guys the 2015 Jakes Night out is fast approaching. It will be March 20 at 700 pm at the dickson fair grounds. Please help spread the word and lets make this year even better then last. This is an awesome opportunity for kids to get involved with turkey hunting and the great outdoors.”
3. Baker Served in the U.S. Marine Corps
A photo that Daniel Baker uploaded on Facebook indicated he had served in the U.S. Marine Corps. A woman wrote under that photo, “Very proud of you son and thankful for your service to our Country! Love you Daniel!” Another woman wrote under the picture, “You look so young!! Thank you for all your service to our country!”
“Semper Fi brother!” wrote several people in response to news of Baker's death.
Another photo also showed him in military fatigues. In 2015, he shared a photo of a police badge from another jurisdiction with a black ribbon through it and wrote, “RIP brother.”
4. Baker Was Shot After Responding to a Suspicious Vehicle Call
Authorities have given some details of the shooting in a press conference. Susan Niland, a spokesperson for the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation, said that the initial call came in on the early morning of May 30, 2018 for a suspicious vehicle. Baker responded.
The sheriff's department was not able to make contact with Baker after that point so authorities tracked him down using the GPS function in his vehicle. He was found a few miles from the suspicious vehicle call and was dead inside his vehicle, according to Niland.
Dickson County Sheriff Jeff Bledsoe said at a press conference, “We just ask for your help in getting the photo and information out so that we can hold this person responsible and fully accountable. And it is my prayer to God that our court will be a terror to him on the punishment he receives.”
5. Tributes Flowed in for Sgt. Baker, Who Was Remembered as a Man ‘Protecting His Community'
Sgt. Daniel Baker, slain Dickson deputy, once rescued a trapped woman, caught drunken gunman https://t.co/aHZd9wTgS4 pic.twitter.com/0kF0PNDoS1 — Tennessean (@Tennessean) May 30, 2018
Social media flooded with tributes to Baker. Karl Dean, a candidate for Tennessee governor, wrote, “Our hearts are breaking for Dickson County and the @dicksoncountyso today. Sgt. Daniel Baker was not only protecting his community but also a former Marine. He served his country with the ultimate sacrifice and we are forever grateful.”
A heartbroken friend wrote, “I lost one of my best friends today, in the line of duty… I love you Daniel Baker… well take it from here. Please keep his wife and young daughter in your prayers… they need it more than you will ever know.”
The sheriff called Baker one of the best.
Einstein Was Right -- Again: Nobel Winners Find Ripples in Universe Three U.S.-based scientists won the Nobel Physics Prize on Tuesday for detecting faint ripples flying through the universe -- the gravitational waves predicted a century ago by Albert Einstein that provide a new understanding of the universe. Rainer Weiss of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Barry Barish and Kip Thorne of the California Institute of Technology won the 2017 prize for a combination of highly advanced theory and ingenious equipment design, Sweden's Royal Academy of Sciences announced. The scientists were key to the first observation of gravitational waves in September 2015. When the discovery was announced several months later, it was a sensation not only among scientists but the general public. "It's a win for the human race as a whole. These gravitational waves will be powerful ways for the human race to explore the universe," said Thorne, speaking by phone with The Associated Press from California. "I view this more as a thing that recognizes the work of a thousand people," Weiss told reporters at the announcement news conference. The prize is "a win for Einstein, and a very big one," Barish told the AP. The German-born Weiss was awarded half of the 9-million-kronor ($1.1 million) prize amount and Thorne and Barish will split the other half. Gravitational waves are extremely faint ripples in the fabric of space and time, generated by some of the most violent events in the universe. The waves detected by the laureates came from the collision of two black holes some 1.3 billion light-years away. A light-year is about 5.88 trillion miles. Ariel Goobar of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences said the winners' work meant "we can study processes which were completely impossible, out of reach to us in the past." "The best comparison is when Galileo discovered the telescope, which allowed us to see that Jupiter had moons. And all of a sudden, we discovered that the universe was much vaster than we used to think about," Goobar said. With the technology that the three developed "we may even see entirely new objects that we haven't even imagined yet," said Patrick Sutton, an astronomer at Cardiff University in Wales. The waves were predicted by Einstein a century ago as part of his theory of general relativity. General relativity says that gravity is caused by heavy objects bending space-time, which itself is the four-dimensional way that astronomers see the universe. Weiss in the 1970s designed a laser-based device that would detect gravitational waves. He, Thorne and Barish "ensured that four decades of effort led to gravitational waves finally being observed," the Nobel announcement said. The laser device, called an interferometer, must be both exquisitely precise and extremely stable. "The beam must hit the mirrors precisely. They should hardly shake at all, not even when leaves fall from nearby trees," according to a Nobel background paper. The first detection of gravity waves involved two of the devices about 3,000 kilometers (1,900 miles) apart -- in Hanford, Washington, and Livingston, Louisiana. The wave first passed the Livingston facility and 7 milliseconds later at Hanford, consistent with the speed of light. The announcement said Einstein was convinced that gravitational waves could never be measured. The laureates used laser devices "to measure a change thousands of times smaller than an atomic nucleus." In a moment of poetry aimed at making the distant and infinitesimal phenomenon understandable to non-experts, the academy announcement said gravitational waves "are always created when a mass accelerates, like when an ice-skater pirouettes or a pair of black holes rotate around each other." Professor Alberto Vecchio, from the University of Birmingham's Institute of Gravitational Wave Astronomy, said this discovery will produce results for decades to come. "They have taken me, as well as hundreds of my colleagues, through such an intellectually rewarding and recently adrenaline-packed journey that we could not have even remotely imagined," he said. "The best part is that this is just the beginning of a new roller-coaster exploration of the universe." For the past 25 years, the Nobel physics prize has been shared among multiple winners. Last year's prize went to three British-born researchers who applied the mathematical discipline of topology to help understand the workings of exotic matter such as superconductors and superfluids. The 2017 Nobel prizes kicked off Monday with the medicine prize being awarded to three Americans studying circadian rhythms -- better known as body clocks: Jeffrey C. Hall, Michael Rosbash and Michael W. Young. The chemistry prize will be announced Wednesday, the Nobel literature prize on Thursday and the peace prize on Friday. The economics prize, which is not technically a Nobel, will be awarded on Monday. © 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Image credit: Nobel Prize. Read more on: Scientists, Researchers, Physics, Scientists, Nobel Prize, Einstein Comment:
Name:
Fedup: Posted: 2017-10-06 @ 4:08am PT Well, I think the Nobel prizes are worthless, these are the same people who gave a war criminal and a racist a "peace" prize, and these cooks received it for something never existed except on paper. Go figure. Reid Barnes: Posted: 2017-10-05 @ 12:07pm PT Can this be possible when at the same time the title of the Facebook Note, "Einstein's General Theory of Relativity Is Based on Self-contradicting Non-Euclidean Geometry," is a true statement? Shane: Posted: 2017-10-04 @ 8:52am PT Understand gravity has always been a puzzle to me. Detection of disturbance in outer space is easily understandable since so many catastrophic events happen all the time. Questions remain to truly understand what and why gravity is paramount. That's the billion dollar question. So there is mass/electrons/movement of electrons around mass but why gravitational force instead of magnetic force only?
With DeMarco Murray on the wrong side of 30, does the game still match the name?
That's a decision every NFL team in need of a veteran running back must decide.
The Dolphins got a close look at the former league rushing champion Monday, bringing in the ex-Cowboy, Eagle and Titan in for a visit.
Hours later, he left town the same way he arrived: as a free agent.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access. SUBSCRIBE NOW
Murray is fighting a three-front war in his quest for a final payday.
▪ 1. His age (he turned 30 last month).
▪ 2. His position (running backs have become one of the least valued positions on the field).
▪ 3. His competition.
Point No. 3 might be why Miami and the league's 31 other teams have not yet come in with a contract offer to his liking.
Free agency has been mostly picked through already — uninspiring options like Darren Sproles, Alfred Morris and Charles Sims are what's left — but the draft promises to be a bonanza.
Saquon Barkley and Derrius Guice are expected to go in Round 1.
SHARE COPY LINK More Videos 1981 Armando Salguero breaks down NFL free agency Pause 113 Dolphins' Jarvis Landry talks about his efforts to fight Cystic Fibrosis 125 Dolphins' Jarvis Landry talks about being traded 99 Dolphins coach Adam Gase on Jarvis Landry and the draft 97 Pedaling, running, and walking to fight cancer 40 Dolphins owner Stephen Ross: 'I f---ing hate losing' 74 Coach Adam Gase talks about the Miami Dolphins' 2017 season 96 Miami Dolphins' Jarvis Landry talks about being ejected after brawl 92 Dolphins quarterback Jay Cutler is pretty happy after victory 67 'I think this is one of our most complete games thus far,' Landry says Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Dolphins insider Armando Salguero breaks down NFL free agency during a Facebook Live stream from Miami Herald studios on Tuesday, March 13, 2018. Miami Herald Staff
Ronald Jones II, Nick Chubb, Sony Michel and Royce Freeman all have a second-round grade, according to CBSSports.com.
Could Mark Walton be an option on Day 3?
From top to bottom, this draft has value at running back.
And don't forget, Kenyan Drake was one of the league's best rushers in the final month of the season.
Still, Miami probably wants a veteran in that room, and Dolphins free agent Damien Williams reportedly has visits throughout the league.
Murray might find himself in a far-too-common spot for players seen past their prime: Waiting out the draft, and sign afterward when teams reassess their needs.
▪ Less than a week after getting cut by the Dolphins, Mike Pouncey agreed to a two-year contract with the Los Angeles Chargers that ESPN reports is worth $15 million. Pouncey became expendable after the Dolphins negotiated a trade for 49ers center Daniel Kilgore.
A million love song later and a Sutton woman has fulfilled her dream to sing with former Take That frontman Gary Barlow.
Emma Knaggs, 39, has been a fan of the former X-Factor judge since she was 11 years-old and started a campaign named #GetGaryToSingWithEmma in hopes to sing with him at a concert.
Emma Herne Street, Sutton fan goes to ‘every concert' with her sister Lisa Birkin, 43, from Mansfield.
She also first saw Take That live in 1992 at the now-closed American Adventure theme park.
Since October last year, Emma has been sending the star tweets every day asking him to sing ‘Relight My Fire' with her.
At one of his concerts in Nottingham at the Royal Concert Hall, her dream became a reality as he invited her up on stage to sing ‘A Million Love Songs' with him.
Emma with Gary.
The support worker at the care home Heathcotes on Lindhurst Lane, Mansfield, said: “I started my campaign before I knew he was getting fans up on stage. I always knew it was a big ask.”
Emma is no stranger to singing Take That hits in front of a crowd.
She sang “Relight My Fire” the 1993 hit with Lulu four times as part of a crowd warm-up for BBC's ‘Let It Shine' show which aimed to find a boy band to play the group as part of a touring musical.
She said: “The floor manager at the show named me Notts Lue Lue.”
During the show, she also got the opportunity to dance with band members Mark Owen and Howard Donald.
While at a concert at the London Palladium on Thursday, May, 17 Emmas sister was invited on stage to sit next to Mr Barlow while he sang.
She said: “He saw my banner at the London concert and saw me again during the Nottingham concert on Friday, May 25 and I was picked.”
Her poster read ‘Gary you're my desire...only you can #relightmyfire'.
She said: “It has given me memories that will last a lifetime. I had my dream of singing with him so singing ‘Million Loves Songs' was the next best thing to ‘Relight My Fire'. I have now had my five minutes of fame with him.”
Emma will be off to see Mr Barlow on June 5 at Sheffield and again on Saturday, June 23 at Sherwood Pines Forest.
BRANDON, Fla.—The question for the Rangers now is if they can keep their focus when they're playing a team that's not the best in the league.
Because the Blueshirts made it very clear that the main reason they finally came out of the gates clean, and why they maintained the poise throughout a 2-1 overtime victory Thursday night against the Lightning at Amalie Arena, was because they were hyper-aware the opponent was so dangerous. By keeping things simple and focusing on defense, they shut down the top two scorers in the league — Steven Stamkos and Nikita Kucherov — as well as the top-scoring team in the league with the best record.
“Without a doubt, it's a step in the right direction,” coach Alain Vigneault said after his team's practice here Friday before traveling to Sunrise, Fla., where they will take on the substantially less intimidating Panthers on Saturday night. “Thought [Thursday] night, our compete level and our structure and execution was good. We need to follow it up. It was just one road win and we have to be real good [Saturday].”
The game against the Lightning was a glimpse of the successful Rangers of years past, when they played sound defense and were offensively opportunistic. Because it was exactly the opposite of the way they had played while getting off to such an ugly start to this season, it now stands as an example of what they need to do going forward if they want this 5-7-2 record to start leaning towards the other side of .500.
“Think we just played a smarter game,” captain Ryan McDonagh said. “Trying not to overextend ourselves, and were creating some really good looks just by being in structure, staying close, not running around our zone much. It's something we've been emphasizing here over the last couple weeks, so it's good.
“Against a high-powered offensive team, we proved that can be effective for us.”
But now the Blueshirts take on a Panthers team that is 4-7-1, second-to-last in the Eastern Conference, and has given up 4.17 goals per game, second-worst in the league. The Rangers are going to know all of that going into the game, and if it's going to adversely affect their focus, it is still a pratfall they have to show they can avoid.
Because any confidence the Blueshirts are carrying, now with their first road win and their first winning streak following a 6-4 comeback win Tuesday over Vegas at the Garden, it's not much of a foundation. The memories of all of their awful starts are still fresh, easily regurgitated that they've given up the first goal of the game on the the first shot three times and the third shot another three times.
“There was a stretch there when it pretty much happened every game. It's tough when it's, ‘Oh no, not this again,'” forward Kevin Hayes said. “I think it's too early for doubt, to be honest. We know what we have in the locker room, and we have some great players.”
see also Rangers need best version of Henrik Lundqvist to have chance Henrik Lundqvist has been asked to win much more important...
The defensemen were supposed to be the one part of this revamped roster which had significantly improved and should not have been a cause for concern. But almost to a man, they have started the season with substandard performances, from McDonagh to new addition Kevin Shattenkirk to the resigned Brendan Smith.
Mistakes were aplenty during a historically bad 1-5-2 start, and they hardly subsided for any length of time. The game against the Lightning though was tight and simple, and almost inarguably their best overall performance of the season against the toughest opponent.
“It was a good wake-up call, measuring stick,” McDonagh said. “We had to be really sharp defensively. It doesn't matter who our opponent is going forward, we can use this an example for us to keep building.”
Is Becky Hammon going to make college basketball history next? Colorado State has opened a door that no Division I men's college basketball team has entered. The Rams are down a head coach after Larry Eustachy resigned, and the clamoring...
NBA commissioner vows a female head coach is on the way NBA commissioner Adam Silver emphatically said he has taken on personal responsibility for securing a female head coach in the league “sooner rather than later.” “First of all, let me say that...
'I really love her': Becky Hammon coaches summer Spurs to title LAS VEGAS — Becky Hammon made history when she became the first female head coach in NBA summer league. Leading the San Antonio Spurs to the Las Vegas Summer League...
Becky Hammon proving she belongs as a coach in the NBA Some call her a trailblazer, a difference maker, a catalyst for change. Becky Hammon doesn't shun those monikers, but prefers to be called simply “coach.” That's what the Spurs call...
Gals got game If many more women follow in the footsteps of Mo'ne Davis and Becky Hammon, who knows? There might soon be no need for a league of their own after all....
The Palo Alto City Council authorized the sale of some development rights to help raise most of the money still needed to complete reconstruction of Avenidas and the Junior Museum and Zoo.
The council voted 7-2 to sell roughly 11,700 square feet of “transferable development rights” that could bring anywhere from $3.2 million to $4 million for the ongoing reconstruction projects, which are expected to be done by mid-2020. Under that plan, the city can sell the extra square footage it doesn't use when restoring historic structures to bidders. Successful bidders then can add that square footage to their downtown projects.
“These are two of our cherished institutions in Palo Alto and it's really nice to see both projects moving forward,” Councilman Greg Scharff said.
Vice Mayor Eric Filseth and Councilwoman Lydia Kou dissented. Kou said she opposes the Avenidas rebuild, adding “it desecrates the historical aspect of the building.” Filseth said he's against the city selling zoning rights.
City resident Stephanie Munoz said there are better uses than the Avenidas rebuild for selling transferable development rights. “I think you should rethink that,” Munoz said. “Those development assets should go toward low-income housing. You only get them once.”
The price tag for doubling the Junior Museum's size and giving it a modern touch recently rose from $25 million to $27 million. The council agreed to pitch in an additional $1 million on top of the $7 million it already contributed to the project. The Friends of the Junior Museum must come up with the other $1 million.
Dick Peery, who donated $15 million to the rebuild, requested that a tree house fort and nets covering the zoo be incorporated in the first phase instead of a later one, even at an additional cost of $2 million. The fort will give children a climbing experience and the netting will provide an open environment for patrons to directly interact with zoo animals, according to the Junior Museum.
Avenidas, the city's sole provider of comprehensive programs and services for older adults, is undergoing roughly $20 million in repairs, seismic upgrades and a building expansion to handle the city's growing older population. The 450 Bryant St. building was the city's original police and fire service facility and has been leased by Avenidas since 1977. The city is contributing $5 million toward that project.
Parents love posting about their kids on social media, but experts said those pictures and status updates could put children's privacy at risk. (FOX5)
Parents love posting about their kids on social media, but experts said those pictures and status updates could put children's privacy at risk.
Like many moms, Mimi Wachter of Henderson uses social media to keep friends and relatives in the loop about what her six-year-old daughter is up to.
"We have family in California and Pennsylvania and Vietnam so it's our one way of showing, 'Hey, this is what we did, this is how she's growing up.' These are things friends and family really want to know," Wachter said.
But cybersecurity experts said parents may want to think twice before they post.
"Parents have to be aware of what they're sharing online and how public that is," Shannon Wilkinson with Axiom Cyber Solutions said.
Brent Watkins was a special agent with the FBI. He said online predators may be looking through anyone's posts.
"I've done cases where I found a predator's car at a park with pictures of probably 10, 15, 20 kids in there and those pictures obviously came from social media," Watkins said.
Not only could bad guys use this information to kidnap kids, but there's also a disturbing new trend called "Digital Kidnapping." That's when Internet users steal photos of kids and repost them to their own accounts, sometimes claiming to be their parents.
"Some of these people are not what you'd call stable, so that would be my major concern. You just don't know what these people are going to do with these pictures in that fantasy life they might be leading."
So how much information can we dig up about a child, just by looking at their parent's social media accounts?
Shannon Wilkinson from Axiom Cyber Solutions showed what we could discover about Wachter's family without even being her friend on Facebook.
"A couple of things that we can figure out real quick is that she's married to Sean and you can also very easily get to Sean's profile they live in Henderson and they have a first grader."
We also found out her daughter's name, nickname, a few of her interests.
"Quite a few of the posts are geo-located, especially when they're at their home those are all geo-located to the house."
The good news is there's no address listed for Mimi's house. But because she geo-tags pictures, we can see where she's been.
"I can go to Mimi's profile and find out where she's checked in." "It'll basically show me everywhere she's been."
That includes her family's favorite restaurants and where they go for tutoring and music lessons.
After becoming friends with Wachter on Facebook, Wilkinson was even able to learn the name of her daughter's babysitter.
"It was surprising what you guys found out," Wachter said.
But parents like Watcher can keep protect their children's privacy online.
On Facebook, Wilkinson said change privacy settings so only friends can see profiles and posts.
"We're going to go ahead and click limit the past posts so only your friends can see the past posts," Wilkinson said.
She also suggested categorizing Facebook friends in lists and only sharing photos of kids with friend groups who are trustworthy. She also said to be careful about posting patterns that someone could pick up on.
"If every Tuesday you pick up your child and go to the ice cream store, be aware of posting that all the time. Because if somebody is stalking you or your child, they would be able to establish that pattern by stalking you through social media."
Wachter said it gives her more to consider each time she gets ready to hit “share.”
"You get sheltered and you think it's just your friends and everyone's high fiving and liking and loving it. You don't think that there's always going to be a seedy part of social media and internet too"
Cybersecurity experts said when doing spring cleaning, also take time to clean through social media accounts by deleting friends who users no longer talk to and making sure information is only being seen by trustworthy people.
Are your social media posts putting your child's safety at risk? Coming up on @FOX5Vegas at 4 what info our cybersecurity expert dug up just by looking through a local mom's Facebook page. pic.twitter.com/NzHyvgHCG1 — Faith Tanner (@FaithTannerTV) May 9, 2018
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
PRESS RELEASES
Senior VP for Business Development to leave solutions provider to establish new blockchain and gambling venture
London, UK – 19 March 2018
Tom Light, Senior Vice-President of Business Development at SBTech, is to leave the group to establish a new business venture that will unite blockchain and gambling and leverage the power of the crypto-currency in a gaming and betting environment.
Tom Light joined SBTech in 2014 to lead its business development and commercial efforts and initiated the massive growth curve the group has experienced since.
He has been responsible for signing many of SBTech's defining partnerships and will continue to retain the full support of the company in future projects.
Commenting on his next move, Tom Light said: “I have really enjoyed working at SBTech and seeing the group grow to become the leading sports betting and gaming solutions provider to the sector. The new project I will be heading is particularly exciting as it combines two great passions of mine: blockchain and gambling. It will leverage the power of crypto-currencies within an igaming setting and produce a truly disruptive offer for the sector.”
Richard Carter, CEO of SBTech, added: “SBTech is particularly grateful to Tom for his incredible work over the past four years, which has enabled us to experience massive growth and has put SBTech in prime position to capitalise on future opportunities in the online and land-based gaming and betting sector worldwide. He retains the full support of SBTech and we look forward to his new project, which we believe will be as successful as the past four years he has had with SBTech.”
Tom Light recently discussed the possibilities of blockchain within gambling at the iGaming Asia Congress in Macau in the company of Mikhail Bogdanov, CEO of Firelotto and Tony Tong, Crypto Angel Investor at DRC – Drchain.io.
For all press enquiries, please contact:
Jake Pollard, Communications Director
Tel: +44 7462 453 492
Email: jake.p@sbtech.com
About SBTech
SBTech is a global leader in omni-channel sports betting and gaming, with over 1,000 employees in 11 locations worldwide. Since 2007, SBTech has developed the industry's most powerful online sports betting and casino platform, serving more than 50 licensees in over 20 regulated markets.
SBTech's clients include many of the world's premier betting and gaming operators, state lotteries, land-based casino and horse racing companies, and igaming start-ups. The group supplies superbly flexible betting and gaming solutions to clients looking for speed to market and exceptional configurability, supported by the best business intelligence and reporting capabilities.
The SBTech offering includes its Seamless Sportsbook, the Chameleon360 iGaming Platform, Managed Services, and retail and omni-channel solutions that provide players with constant access to sports and casino products across all touchpoints: online, mobile and retail.
Backed up by unrivalled expertise in trading and risk management, regulatory compliance, AML and KYC procedures, acquisition and CRM, SBTech's partners consistently achieve rapid growth, enhanced brand loyalty and peak profitability.
For more information, visit: www.sbtech.com
Comments
$17,000 in cash, jewelry reported stolen in Des Plaines burglary
hello
Des Plaines police are investigating a residential burglary over the weekend in which the homeowner reported that more than $8,000 in jewelry and another $9,000 in cash was stolen.
The break-in occurred between 5:30 p.m. and 7:08 p.m. Saturday on the 700 block of Madelyn Drive, according to a police report. The report stats that an offender or offenders forced entry through the front door then ransacked a first-floor bedroom and office and a second-floor bedroom.
Among the items reported missing were three gold chains, valued at between $1,280 and $2,150 each, and three gold bracelets, valued at between $900 and $1,100 each.
Burglars also stole two envelopes containing $9,000 cash in $100 bills, reports state.
TAIPEI, Taiwan — Fourth-seeded Timea Babos beat Wang Yafan 6-3, 6-4 Saturday to advance to the final of the Taiwan Open.
Babos claimed her first win in three matches against Wang and will face Kateryna Kozlova in Sunday's final.
Kozlova eliminated Sabine Lisicki, earning a 7-5, 6-4 victory to reach her first WTA singles final.
Babos took both sets behind 24 winners, including seven aces. The Hungarian also won far more points on her second serve than Wang — 54 to 38 per cent.
Kozlova had 18 winners and only 13 unforced errors against Lisicki, whose 32 winners were offset by 31 unforced errors and six double faults.
HIGHGATE, Vt. (AP) - A North Carolina woman rented an SUV and picked up six Mexican citizens who illegally crossed into the United States at a remote border crossing in Vermont near the Canadian border, federal prosecutors said.
Carmen Melari Ferrufino Perdomo, 31, of Charlotte, North Carolina, was charged Monday with transporting people into the United States who didn't have permission to be in the country.
According to the complaint, the Border Patrol received a report just after 2 a.m. Sunday of six people walking near the border. Then a short time later, agents spotted them in an SUV with Ferrufino, a U.S. citizen from Honduras. It's unclear if she has an attorney to comment on her behalf.
Ferrufino's passengers, who were between the ages of 21 and 54, told investigators they had crossed into the United States that night. None of the Mexican citizens, who were later arrested as material witnesses in the case, had criminal or immigration records.
The complaint also said Ferrufino flew from New York to Burlington on Saturday where she rented the car in which she was apprehended. Records said she had planned to return the vehicle later Sunday in New York.
In recent months the Border Patrol has had multiple smuggling incidents in the area.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
iStock/Thinkstock(WASHINGTON) — Only hours after Republicans on the House Intelligence Committee released a previously-classified memo alleging “abuses” in the FBI's use of government surveillance, FBI Director Chris Wray sent an internal video to employees of his agency, telling them that, “Talk is cheap,” and, “The work you do is what will endure.
“I wanted to take a moment to reach out in person, given all that's been going on as of late,” Wray said in the video message, described to ABC News by one FBI official.” “You've all been through a lot in the past nine months, and I know it's often been unsettling, to say the least. And the past few days haven't done much to calm those waters.”
Wray continued: “Let me clear: I stand fully committed to our mission. I stand by our shared determination to do our work, independently and by the book. I stand with you, and while there's no shortage of opinions about us right now, nobody has the same vantage point on the FBI that I do.”
Earlier on Friday, the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee, Rep.Devin Nunes, R-Calif., released a memo drafted by his own staff, accusing the FBI of inappropriately placing former Donald Trump adviser Carter Page under government surveillance.
The FBI conducted that surveillance based on what the memo called a “minimally corroborated” dossier alleging ties between President Donald Trump, his aides, and Russian operatives.
The secretive court that oversees such monitoring, the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, first approved an application for the FBI to monitor Page's communications in October 2016 – before Trump was elected president.
The Justice Department continued the surveillance after Trump was elected, according to the memo.
The dossier was written by former British spy Christopher Steele, whose work was funded with money from the Democratic National Committee. Steele wanted to block Trump from becoming president, the memo alleged.
“While the [surveillance] application relied on Steele's past record of credible reporting on other unrelated matters, it ignored or concealed his anti-Trump financial and ideological motivations,” the memo said.
“Our findings … raise concerns with the legitimacy and legality of certain DOJ and FBI interactions with the” surveillance court, and “represent a troubling breakdown of legal processes established to protect the American people from abuses,” the memo read.
On Wednesday, after Wray reviewed the memo, the FBI issued a statement saying it has “grave concerns about material omissions of fact that fundamentally impact the memo's accuracy.”
Page first came onto the FBI radar several years ago, well before Trump announced his latest candidacy, because suspected Russian spies in New York City were overheard saying they wanted to recruit Page as an intelligence asset.
The suspected spies were later charged, but no charges were brought against Page.
In his video to FBI employees Friday, Wray said he is “continually inspired by what you do on a daily basis to keep people safe.”
“In the end, actions speak louder than words. That sounds simple, but there's real strength in remembering that,” Wray said. “The American people read the papers and they hear lots of talk on cable TV and social media. But they see and experience the actual work you do, keeping communities safe and our nation secure, often dealing with sensitive matters and making decisions under difficult circumstances. And that work will always matter more.”
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
China's knack for speedy adaptation has put the country in a position to lead the world in new auto technologies, particularly electrification, Toyota Motor Corp.'s China Chief Executive Officer Kazuhiro Kobayashi said.
“The shift toward new energy vehicles as a result of the strengthening of NEV policies has given China the momentum to overtake other countries in development, as well as in the fields of autonomous driving and connected cars,” Kobayashi said on the eve of the Beijing auto show. “What impresses me the most is the sense of speed.”
Toyota, Asia's biggest carmaker, unveiled the C-HR compact crossover and sister model IZOA for the Chinese market that will go on sale this year. The company previously announced plans to also introduce plug-in hybrid versions of its Corolla and Levin sedans in the country in 2018.
“At Toyota, we believe the rapidly changing circumstances will be our chance to further accelerate the growth of our business in China,” said Kobayashi, who took over as head of business in the nation at the start of this year.
#tbt to last night, when I got one last chance to shout back “yeah-ey-yeah” while a band I love plays this song. Thanks, @dbtph, @dbtrockshow and especially @tompettyofficial. . . . . . . . #drivebytruckers #newportmusichall #thewaiting #tompetty #concert #columbus #columbusohio #asseenincolumbus #lifeincbus
A post shared by Josh Wright (@jwright442) on Oct 5, 2017 at 3:35pm PDT
Brokers say the investment market has slowed, but at least a dozen deals have closed this year of over $500 million, with six of them over $1 billion. High-profile sales...
Tod Morrow brings 25 years of luxury hotel experience to Northern Virginia
TYSONS CORNER, VA--(Marketwired - Apr 17, 2017) - The Ritz-Carlton, Tysons Corner is elated to celebrate the arrival of their new General Manager, Tod Morrow, who recently joined the property from The Ritz-Carlton, Pentagon City. Tod Morrow is a seasoned professional who brings over twenty-five years of experience in luxury hospitality to his new position, the last eleven of which were spent as a General Manager for hotels within The Ritz-Carlton brand.
"I am extremely thrilled to be the new General Manager for The Ritz-Carlton, Tysons Corner, one of the country's most distinguished properties known for their gracious hospitality, well-appointed guest rooms and dedicated staff," says Morrow. "In the wake of the hotel's 25th anniversary and completion of the Redefinition project, it is a critical time to promote our exceptional talent. I look forward to further enhancing our reputation as a key leader in the luxury hotel division to both locals and visitors alike."
Prior to The Ritz-Carlton, Tysons Corner, Tod Morrow served as General Manager for The Ritz-Carlton, Pentagon City for nearly six years, following a successful five-year appointment as General Manager for The Ritz-Carlton, Atlanta. Previously, he worked in various executive positions in hotel management for several Ritz-Carlton hotels; The Ritz-Carlton, Buckhead as Hotel Manager, The Ritz-Carlton, Atlanta as Executive Assistant Manager of Rooms, as well as The Ritz-Carlton, Naples as Rooms Division Manager. In addition, Morrow has contributed to the successful hotel openings of The Ritz-Carlton, Amelia Island, The Ritz-Carlton, San Francisco, and The Ritz-Carlton, Sarasota.
While appointed as General Manager for The Ritz-Carlton, Pentagon City, Morrow maintained active membership in some hospitality and lodging associations including: Arlington Chamber of Commerce, Alexandria Chamber of Commerce, Washington Board of Trade, Virginia Hotel Lodging Association, and the Destination DC Advisory Board.
Tod Morrow's arrival at The Ritz-Carlton, Tysons Corner comes at a momentous time, as the property having recently completed an extensive, multimillion-dollar upgrade. The Redefinition project extended to all 398 guest rooms, suites and the club lounge, seamlessly enhancing the overall guest experience. The new guest rooms were unveiled this past fall, just in time for The Ritz-Carlton, Tysons Corner's 25th anniversary.
As the Tysons Corner area evolves to become a true cosmopolitan center, the hotel is poised to continue to represent luxury and serve the community under Morrow's accomplished guidance.
About The Ritz-Carlton, Tysons Corner
The Ritz-Carlton, Tysons Corner, located in Northern Virginia's most exclusive business and shopping district, was named among the top 10 hotels in the United States by the 2016 Condé Nast Traveler Reader's Choice Awards and included in Travel and Leisure's 2016 World's Best Hotels. The property offers 13 conference rooms, the largest ballroom in Northern Virginia, 398 guest rooms and a Ritz-Carlton Spa, accompanied by exceptional dining and impeccable personal service.
Nigeria international, Mikel John Obi, on Wednesday showed his family man side after posting a picture of him dancing with his twin daughters.
Obi, 29. played for Chelsea FC from 2006 to 2017.
He currently plies his trade at Chinese outfit, Tianjin TEDA.
Local New England Company brings 70 Years of Expertise, Safety, Convenience to Northern New England
WOBURN, MA--(Marketwired - Apr 18, 2017) - JN Phillips Auto Glass, a New England-owned company and the leading provider of auto glass services to New England drivers and businesses, today announced a major investment initiative for servicing auto glass customers across Northern New England, including New Hampshire, Maine, and Vermont.
JN Phillips Auto Glass plans to open 8 (eight) auto glass service centers across the region during the next 36 months. The company will also expand its mobile fleet and establish a major auto glass distribution center with the widest array of OE quality auto glass parts in the region to supply its service centers and mobile service vans. According to JN Phillips Managing Director Maureen Confalone, "This expansion is a natural extension of the services we currently provide to our customers in southern New Hampshire and southern Maine, to whom we have been providing mobile auto glass service for many years. Having convenient drive-in facilities and a large inventory on hand and close by will allow us to best fulfil our convenience promise and to respond to the demand for fast-response, high quality, affordable auto glass service in these markets."
The Company expects to enter the Vermont market through its newly developed licensing program, which benefits consumers when existing auto glass companies become part of the JN Phillips Auto Glass technology and service system.
For more than 70 years, JN Phillips Auto Glass has been a locally-owned, New England-based company. "It's exciting to make a significant investment in the Northern New England economy, and we are expected to create 50 new jobs in the process," stated Ms. Confalone.
JN Phillips Auto Glass continually demonstrates a commitment to the communities it serves. It's philanthropic arm, The JN Phillips Foundation, funds many local causes and gives back to communities in meaningful ways. Ms. Confalone added, "As New Englanders, we believe in being good neighbors. People come first. We live in the same towns where we work. Our children go to the same schools as those of our customers. We have shared values and common interests. We are grateful to be welcomed in these new communities."
In addition to windshield replacements and repairs, the scope of services provided by JN Phillips Auto Glass includes handling auto insurance claims for customers, the first windshield recycling program in the country, and state-of-the-art calibration expertise required when servicing cameras on "smart windshields" that are central to Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS).
About JN Phillips Auto Glass
JN Phillips is New England's largest auto glass company with 44 locations and a fleet of more than 195 mobile service vehicles for auto glass replacements and windshield repairs. Founded in 1946, JN Phillips continues its focus on being the most knowledgeable and experienced windshield repair and replacement company in the region. The result is a strong reputation for service and innovation. In 2011, JN Phillips created the first 100% Windshield Recycling Guarantee in the nation and to date has diverted more than 20 million pounds of broken windshields from going into landfills. For more information, please visit www.jnphillips.com or call 877-AUTOGLASS.
× Teenage boy expected to survive after he's life-flighted to hospital following crash in Kansas City
KANSAS CITY, Mo. — Police say that a 16-year-old was unresponsive when he was life-flighted from the area of Little Blue Parkway and Noland Road on Monday following a two-vehicle crash, but he is recovering and his condition has been upgraded to serious.
The crash forced accident investigators to close roads in the area, but the scene is expected to clear at about 7 p.m. KCPD Sergeant Bill Mahoney says the driver of a car was attempting to turn and may have misjudged how much time they had, colliding with a truck.
FOX 4 is told everyone involved in the crash will be okay, but that the teen will likely be kept at a hospital overnight for observation.
SpaceX launching research to space station _ plus ice cream
hello
CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. -- SpaceX is about to launch a few tons of research to the International Space Station - plus ice cream.
An unmanned Falcon 9 rocket is scheduled to blast off at 12:31 p.m. Monday from Florida's Kennedy Space Center.
Experiments make up most of the 6,400 pounds of cargo. That includes 20 mice. The Dragon capsule is also doubling as an ice cream truck this time. There was extra freezer space, so NASA packed little cups of vanilla, chocolate and birthday cake ice cream for the station's crew of six, as well as ice cream candy bars. Those treats should be especially welcomed by U.S. astronaut Peggy Whitson, in orbit since November.
As usual on these cargo flights, SpaceX will try to land its leftover booster back at Cape Canaveral.
CAMPBELL RIVER, B.C- A wildfire burning near the Strathcona dam, west of Campbell River, is growing in size and is reported to be person-caused, according to the BC Wildfire Service.
According to Coast Fire Service, the fire is located half a kilometer from the BC Hydro Campground.
On Thursday morning, the fire was reported by the Wildfire Service as 0.01 hectares in size, it has since grown to .5.
There is currently a three-person fire suppression crew and one helicopter at the scene.
Coastal Fire Service said the fire is rank two, which means some open flame that is up to a foot off of the ground.
Crews are working to establish control lines, and at this time do not anticipate any problems.
We will keep you updated as information becomes available.
Broadway legends Lin-Manuel Miranda and Ben Platt just dropped a new single to benefit the March for Our Lives initiative, and it's way too much.
The song, "Found/Tonight," is a mash-up of “You Will Be Found” from the hit musical Dear Evan Hansen and "The Story of Tonight" from Hamilton .
When @Lin_Manuel and @BenSPLATT came over my apt to rehearse #FoundTonight, I got goose bumps the minute they started singing each other's songs. I would tear up in the studio as I listened to the mix, thinking of the kids we made this for.
In a statement provided to BuzzFeed News, Miranda and Platt said they were inspired by the thousands of students who mobilized for change following the shooting at Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida.
“In the wake of Parkland, I was awestruck by the strength and leadership of the students and their ability to speak truth to power," Miranda said. "In the midst of their grief, they mobilized the youth of our nation and created a movement. This is their moment. Not just for themselves, but for all of us."
“When Lin called me to be a part of this mashup, I couldn't say no," Platt said. "Better gun control is something that all Americans should be passionate about. These students are paving the way for future generations and it's so inspiring to see young people standing up for what is probably the most important cause right now in this country, and demanding action. I hope that this song can play some small part in bringing about real change.”
Miranda said that the song is his way of "helping to raise funds and awareness for their efforts, and to say Thank You, and that we are with you so let's keep fighting, together."
Grant high school friends reunite after 72 years
hello
Lorraine Thomson, 90, didn't know anyone when she moved in to Oak Hill Supportive Living in Round Lake Beach last May. But then one day, while taking a walk outside, she saw a familiar face coming toward her on the walking path -- someone she hadn't seen in 72 years.
It was her childhood friend Audrey Roettiger, a classmate from Grant Community High School's Class of 1944 who also lives at Oak Hill.
"I stopped her and said, 'I think I know you,' and then we hugged and hugged and hugged," Roettiger, 89, said Tuesday.
"We're still hugging," added Thomson, as they laughed and affectionately grabbed each other's arms.
The two women, both widowed, have become close friends, closer than they were as teens.
Everyone knew everyone at their tiny Fox Lake school, which had a graduating class of 46 students. So they were friendly to each other, but they had different friends and lived in different parts of town. Both were members of the choir, while Thomson was a cheerleader and Roettiger was in the band.
"She had her clique and I had my clique," Roettiger said.
After graduating, they went their separate ways, got married and raised families. They didn't cross paths again until their chance encounter last May. Now they live down the hall from each other.
While sharing their story Tuesday, the women flipped through Grant's Class of 1942 yearbook, from their sophomore year, which showed the female students in skirts and saddle shoes, along with advertisements for Fox Lake businesses with four-digit phone numbers. They didn't have yearbooks their junior and senior years because World War II created a paper shortage.
Good-humored, sharp and active, both women said they're grateful to have reunited at this late stage of their lives and cherish their friendship.
"I'm a talker, and so is she, so we get along good," Roettiger said, laughing. "I think it was meant to be."
Sunday Holiday, the family entertainer which was released on 13th July 2017 has already earned the superhit status in Kerala. The movie, which features Asif Ali and Aparna Balamurali in the lead roles, is directed by Jis Joy.
When it completed the first 30 days at the Kerala box office, Sunday Holiday has successfully entered the 14-Crore club. The Asif Ali movie has made a total gross collection of 14.27 Crores from the Kerala releasing centres.
It is a highly impressive collection for a film, which was made with a medium budget and released without much huge pre-release hype. The word of mouth publicity has immensely helped Sunday Holiday, in reaching the audiences.
Sunday Holiday had made a strictly average opening at the Kerala box office, by collecting Rs. 1.27 Crores within the first two days. The movie had crossed the 7-Crore mark within the first 10 days, and 13-Crore mark, within the first 25 days.
Alencier Ley Lopez and Sruthi Ramachandran has essayed the other pivotal roles in Sunday Holiday, which is produced by Maqtro Productions. The outside Indian box office collection report of the Asif Ali movie is expected to be revealed soon.
National leader of the Progressives Congress ( APC ) Bola Ahmed Tinubu has reacted to the launch of the Coalition for Nigeria championed by former President Olusegun Obasanjo. Tinubu stated that it was too early to respond to movement as every Ni...
Best Fish Sandwiches In MinnesotaA breaded, deep fried rectangular patty made from white meat fish such as cod or pollock, the fish sandwich, or fishwich, came into its own as a burger when introduced at McDonald's in 1962. Since then, the fish sandwich has become a lunch and dinner favorite. If you favor the local catch, try a walleye fish sandwich.
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) — For the first time in more than a decade, Indiana lawmakers will be called back to Indianapolis for a special legislative session.
Gov. Eric Holcomb made the announcement Monday morning at his residence.
Holcomb said 2002 was the last time a special session was called in a year that didn't involve passing a budget.
Last week, several bills still hadn't been addressed sufficiently when state lawmakers in the Indiana General Assembly ran out of time. Some of those bills were part of Holcomb's legislative agenda.
When asked why he thought lawmakers couldn't agree and ran out of time, Holcomb said, “Well, your guess is as good as mine. As many of you know, I'm not going to be tempted by blame-storming. I'm going to brainstorm about the future and how we get this done.”
That future now includes Holcomb calling lawmakers back to Indianapolis for a special session to “put time back on the clock.” He's asking lawmakers to focus on five areas that include school security, school funding and federal tax compliance issues.
Gov. Holcomb explained “Muncie Community Schools is in dire need of a $12 million loan to ensure they can continue to operate and make some other capital improvements.”
“We said from the beginning that if he were to call a special session, we'd definitely be interested in that,” said Adam Baker, spokesperson for the Indiana Department of Education.
“School safety, you saw that, was number one. His number one thing is making sure schools have they had the money they had,” Baker said.
House and Senate Republicans praised Monday's announcement.
Senate President Pro Tem David Long, a Republican from Fort Wayne, released the following statement on Monday:
As I have said before, the decision to call a special session is one only the governor can make. Gov. Holcomb has determined, after thoughtful deliberation, that there are items that require action by the legislature. The Senate will support his decision and work diligently to complete the tasks he sets out for us. We will be efficient and focused, and are committed to collaborating with our colleagues in the House and with the governor to act in the best interest of Hoosiers.”
Speaker of the House Brian Bosma, also a Republican, released this statement:
I concur with the governor's assessment that several critical issues require further legislative action. This special session will be limited to those important issues which remained on the table at the close of the regular session. We will continue to work closely with the governor and our Senate colleagues, and we are committed to keeping this session extremely focused and efficient in terms of scope and time.”
But Senate Democrats slammed the decision, highly critical that the Department of Child Services isn't on the list.
House Minority Leader Terry Goodin released a statement Monday saying:
The only reason we are even talking about a special session now is because of the mismanagement demonstrated by those in charge of the Legislature. They are in charge of every aspect of the legislative process, but they could not handle their work in time, so the taxpayers will have to foot the bill for overtime this year. All along, Indiana House Democrats have said there is only one reason to have a special session this year: to fix the mess that is the Department of Child Services (DCS). It should be everyone's priority to protect the lives of at-risk children. During the session, the Republicans chose to do nothing, hiding under the guise of waiting for a private consultant to tell us what we already know: there's a lot that's wrong with DCS. Even though the consultant already has found problems in both staffing and computerization at DCS that should be addressed, we are told that we should wait to do anything until next year. So the needs of at-risk children will be set aside…again. The school safety concerns addressed by the governor can be handled administratively. Nothing on an agenda for a special session should be more important than saving lives of children. Nothing. The governor's priorities now seem to include covering the butts of Republican legislative leaders for the sorry way the regular session ended last week. What a shame.”
Holcomb said he thinks the special session could be as short as a few days.
One of his spokespeople said a special session could cost taxpayers roughly $30,000 a day from a designated fund.
Shopping for a best friend may seem easy, but it can actually be quite a challenge. Your best friend is the person that knows you best, and who you know better than anyone else in the world. That's a lot of pressure when it comes to choosing the perfect gift! You probably want to get him or her something super special for their birthday or any special occasion, a gift that they will never forget. You can always look to their interests to find the perfect gift – For example, a Hogwarts Themed present for a Harry Potter fanatic, or something artistic for a creative type.
Of course, there are some gifts that anyone will love, if you prefer to get your best friend something super special. In this list we are going to go over some of the best gifts out there that will show your BFF how much you really care. Whether you are shopping for a man or woman, young or old, the gifts on this list will make your bestie grin from ear to ear.
1. Pixie Lost Item Tracker
Pixie is the perfect gift for anyone, whether they are forgetful and tend to lose track of things, or they are super organized and always like to keep track of their valuables. Pixie is a tracking system that allows you to use augmented reality through your smart phone to find anything that is lost. Just take one of the included Pixie trackers and stick it anywhere – Your phone, your keys, your laptop, your camera, even your pet! Hook up your Pixie Points to any item you want to track, and they will communicate with each other in order to show you with both audio and visual keys where they are. Pixie is the only 2-in-1 finder with both audio and visual location methods. You can even find your phone when it is off or out of batteries. It shows you the exact location, down to the distance in feet and inches, where your lost item is. This four pack is the perfect starter it for your BFF this Christmas.
Price: $74.99 with free shipping
2. Airbnb Gift Card
Gift cards make awesome presents when they are for something as amazing and unforgettable as travel. With an Airbnb gift card, you are funding your best friend's trip to wherever she wants to go. Whether it is a girls weekend in Napa, a couple getaway in Manhattan, or a trip all by herself to Nashville, she gets to let her imagination run wild. The best gifts are those that create memories, and travel is one of the best ways to do just that. If your BFF is a mom, a great add-on to this gift would be to offer to babysit while she is taking her trip!
Price: $100 or any amount you choose, email delivery
3. Lula's Garden Succulent Planter Box
If you are looking for a less expensive gift, this pre-made succulent garden by Lula's Garden is perfect. Whether your bestie has a green thumb or not, this low maintenance garden will add beauty to his or her desk, tabletop, or dresser. The garden arrives ready to go in a planter gift box, so there is truly no maintenance or assembly required, as you see with other succulent kits. Each garden comes with three small pre-planted succulents, which are chosen based on freshness and seasonal availability. This means that the garden will vary from week to week, and it will always arrive fresh and gorgeous!
Price: $35
4. The Tea Room Chocolate Company 12 Organic Chocolate Fusion Bars
Personally, I think there is no greater gift than chocolate, and lots of it. This gift set from The Tea Room Chocolate Company includes their 12 famous tea-infued chocolate creations. Every bar is organic, all natural and GMO free. This set includes the following flavors: Chamomile & Honey, white chocolate – Honeybush Caramel, milk chocolate – Jasmine, milk chocolate – Masala Chai, milk chocolate – Bedouin's Mint, milk chocolate – Pina Colada, milk chocolate – Green Earl Grey, dark chocolate – Raspberry Rooibos, dark chocolate – Mayan Pepper Chai, dark chocolate – Almond Caramel with Sea Salt, dark chocolate – Midnight Mocha, extra dark chocolate – Mate & Nibs, extra dark chocolate
Price: $36.99
5. Kindle Oasis
If you want to get your BFF a truly spectacular gift, the Kindle Oasis is perfect. Whether your friend is a bookworm who loves to read every new release, or a audiobook lover who prefers to listen to their books, this latest and greatest Kindle model is made for them. The Oasis has Audible and Bluetooth built in to make buying and listening to audibooks easy. This is the largest Kindle with the highest resolution on the market, and it has an easy-grip design that makes it much more user friendly than previous Kindles. This gift will really show your best friend how much you love them on Christmas!
Price: $249.99
6. Giant Teddy Bear
Here is a funny gift that you can get for your best friend, especially if you have known them since childhood. We tend to get mushy when we give gifts to our besties, wanting them to be super perfect and memorable, but sometimes the best gift is just a nice, big laugh! This gigantic teddy bear is the largest one out there, weighing in at almost 50 lbs and measuring over seven and a half feet tall. You can either wrap this teddy up in a gigantic box and let your friend open it, or you can also surprise them by leaving Mr. Bear on their couch or in their bedroom when they are not looking. If your friendship has a lto of humor in it, this is a great gift!
Price: $119.95
7. Peak Design Everyday Tote Bag
Practical gifts are great to give and receive on Christmas, and when we receive so many fluffy, cutesy, or sugary gifts from friends and family members it is especially nice to get something that is actually useful! This tote bag from Peak Design is as practical as it is attractive. It is designed with photographers in mind, but the features included in its design are great for everyone. First of all, this is a seriously durable bag and it stands up to rough use.
This heavy-duty tote comes with two FlexFold dividers that allow for internal compartmentalization and gear stacking. The bag also has dual side access to easily access internal subcompartments while carrying the bag on your shoulders. The top has an easy-open magnetic closure, and it comes with a key tether to keep your keys safe. This bag can also be worn as a backpack or over the shoulder with its adjustable straps. It is travel ready and airline approved for carry-on, and comes with a seamless and sturdy luggage strap for travel. This bag can even be used as a durable, roomy diaper bag for new moms and dads!
Price: $189.95
8. Dot One DNA Test Kit: DNA-Personalized Art Print
Here is another fantastic gift for anyone who loves art, science or both! This kit allows your best friend to send in a sample of DNA from saliva, and receive back a completely customized art print based on his DNA results. Your bestie can choose the colors in their print, so it will fit in with the decor in their home or their favorite color preferences. They will also receive a personalized booklet containing information about 33 unique DNA traits that are individual to each person. With this Helix kit they also get access to more DNA products related to fitness, nutrition, entertainment and more. This would be a super fun gift for your best friend to learn more about themselves!
Price: $149.99
9. The HomeMade Gin Kit
The Homemade Gin Kit is an excellent gift for any guy or gal who enjoys a nice drink, and appreciates artisinal flavor. This kit makes one 750mL bottle of homemade gin. It includes all of the herbs needed to infuse plain liquor into gin, including juniper berries and a secret botanical blend. It also includes two 375 mL bottles for infusing, a fine stainless steel strainer and funnel. If your BFF loves to DIY, this is a great gift that they will really enjoy.
Price: $47.95
10. NCYP Large Handmade Irregular Prism Glass Geometric Terrarium/h2>
Finally, here is a beautiful gift that your best friend will love if he or she is into home decor and great design. This hand made terrarium from NCYP is a nice size at 16 inches, so it can fit a nice tall succulent or other plant, or even just a still life arrangement if your BFF does not have a green thumb. It even looks great empty! This terrarium will add instant style to their home or apartment, and if your friend has recently moved it can be a perfect gift to help warm their new home. This is a custom made piece of art so it will require between three to five days for shipment.
Price: $78.99
Heavy, Inc. is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by linking to Amazon. Our product recommendations are guided solely by our editors. We have no relationship with manufacturers.
Vaccination Week 2018 launched on East Coast
Scores of persons yesterday marched from the Enterprise Health Centre to the Melanie Health Centre on the East Coast of Demerara, in observance of National Immunization Awareness Week, which is currently being celebrated in the Americas.
A number of children representing several primary and secondary schools on the East Coast accompanied by teachers, health care workers and staff from a number of health centres all participated in the march which marked the official launch of Vaccination Week.
With the theme: ‘Strengthen your defence! Get vaccinated”, the march, which was added to this year's celebration, commenced a little after 9 am and participants were heard chanting “Get Vaccinated, Vaccines Work”
Medex Karen Ceres, who represented the Director of Regional Health Services, emphasised the importance of vaccination. She said that being vaccinated is important for healthy growth and development.
Ceres also touched on myths regarding vaccinations. “There are several myths regarding vaccination but the Pan American Health Organisation (PAHO) along with the Ministry of Public Health continues to dismiss these rumours and myths, as vaccination is safe and good,” she said.
Ceres also urged those in attendance to ensure that they help to spread the message.
“It's important that whatever vaccination your body needs you get, as it will help the growth of your body in a healthy way. I would like you the children to tell your parents or guardians that you should be vaccinated whenever there is a need,” Ceres told the children at the launch.
Regional Executive Officer (REO), Pauline Lucas also urged those in attendance to recognise the importance of vaccination. She congratulated the Regional Health Department for what she dubbed as their vigilant approach to ensuring that the general public is kept abreast of what is happening and must be done.
“I congratulate the RHO (Regional Health Officer) and his team for ensuring that such events are not only properly organised but ensuring that the public is effectively informed and sensitized,” Lucas said.
The REO promised that her Regional Democratic Council will continue to lend the support required to the Health Department.
She reiterated the importance of vaccination. “As a mother myself I am aware of the importance of vaccination and would like to encourage all to take it seriously, as vaccination is critically important, thus I urge all to get vaccinated,” she explained.
Deputy Chief Nursing Officer, Nurse Linda Johnson in her remarks spoke about the history of vaccines and its long and successful past. She told attendees that it (vaccines) will continue to play a pivotal role in the lives of both children and adults.
Johnson encouraged the nurses to continue outlining the benefits and importance of vaccination.
“Many times parents and guardians are not aware of the benefits of vaccination and you, the nurses, have an important role to play in educating and sensitizing them about vaccination,” she said.
Johnson also used the opportunity to speak about the importance of the HPV vaccines.
Regional Health Officer Dr. Quincy Jones, said that because of the success being achieved in halting the spread of many diseases, the public no longer sees an urgent need to be worried.
“We are seeing that more and more people are not focussed on the disease anymore, and thus we are seeing an increase in resistance to the vaccination that is being offered today, as the focus is more on the actual side effects of the vaccination,” he said.
At the launch, patrons were also treated to cultural items by Nabaclis, Mahaica Enterprise, Buxton and Melanie health centres along with several of the students who were in attendance.
LOS ANGELES — Karen Pence, the wife of Vice President Mike Pence, visited the headquarters of a West Los Angeles-based veterans organization Sept. 28, learning about its art therapy program.
Pence, accompanied by Hollyanne Milley, wife of the Army Chief of Staff Gen. Mark Milley, was briefed about services offered by New Directions for Veterans.
Two veterans in the art therapy program shared some of their artwork with Pence and Milley. After the meeting with the veterans, art therapist Tara Beach presented a case summary, which consisted of several pieces of artwork created by one of her clients who suffered from post-traumatic stress disorder.
Beach also provided other information about the art therapy program.
“New Directions for Veterans is making a difference with our veterans who are battling mental health issues as a result of their fight in the battlefields to protect our freedoms,” Pence said.
“Art therapy is a unique mental health treatment that gives our military service members and veterans the opportunity to heal. I applaud New Directions for Veterans for their dedication and commitment to improving lives.”
Art therapy is the initiative Pence has chosen to champion as second lady. According to the American Art Therapy Association, art therapy is an integrative mental health and human services profession that enriches the lives of individuals, families, and communities through active art-making, creative process, applied psychological theory, and human experience within a psychotherapeutic relationship.
Art therapy is facilitated by professional art therapists who are experts in human development, psychological, and counseling theories and techniques.
New Directions for Veterans was founded in 1992 and is based at the Veterans Administration grounds in West Los Angeles. It helps Los Angeles-area homeless veterans and veterans at risk for homelessness to effectively transform their lives.
“New Directions for Veterans offers one of the most comprehensive mental health programs for veterans in the United States,” said President and CEO Yvette Kelley, a retired U.S. Army colonel. “Our clinical staff has implemented an extensive range of mental health services including neurofeedback and somatic therapies — all tailored to meet the individual needs of our veterans.
“Art therapy has proven a beneficial component of our program, especially with the veteran population. It creates a safe environment where they can non-verbally release traumas, emotions and experiences that can often become obstacles in their recovery.”
Bartlett, Crystal Lake principals among Golden Apple leadership finalists
hello
Michael Demovsky, principal of Bartlett High School, is among 10 finalists for the Golden Apple Foundation's Stanley C. Golder Achievement Leadership Award. Courtesy of Elgin Area School District U-46
Principals from Bartlett and Crystal Lake are among 10 finalists for the Golden Apple Foundation's Stanley C. Golder Achievement Leadership Award.
Mike Demovsky, principal of Bartlett High School, and Jeffry D. Prickett, principal of Richard Bernotas Middle School in Crystal Lake, will be honored March 4 during the 2017 Golden Apple Celebration of Excellence in Teaching and Leadership.
Demovsky, an Elgin Area School District U-46 educator for 18 years, leads 230 staff members and nearly 2,500 students. He began his career as a Spanish teacher, served as principal of Kenyon Woods Middle School in South Elgin for four years and assistant principal at Streamwood High School for two years, before taking the helm at Bartlett this school year.
"A principal can affect change with every student in the building and change the lives of teachers and the community," Demovsky said. "Being back at Bartlett means everything as I get to give back to the community that raised me as a teacher. It's an honor to be nominated for this award."
At Kenyon Woods, Demovsky oversaw implementation of the Positive Behavior Interventions and Supports program for which the school was recognized nationally in 2014. He also has led multiple philanthropic campaigns raising more than $100,000 for students and community members in need. To watch a tribute to Demovsky, visit the district's YouTube page.
Prickett joined Crystal Lake Elementary District 47 in 2014 as Bernotas' principal. He previously served as principal for a Round Lake elementary and middle school, and an assistant principal in McHenry. During the 2015-16 school year, he was named Kishwaukee region's Middle School Principal of the Year by the Illinois Principals Association. This year, Prickett has represented the association by leading talks statewide on restorative justice. He recently completed his doctoral degree in educational leadership from National Louis University and serves on the board at the National Alliance for Mental Illness McHenry County.
"I am extremely humbled by the nomination for this prestigious award," he said. "We go through our days making decisions about the future of our students' lives, about the ways in which they will spend their days with us, about what they will learn and how. But the most important thing that we do -- the one thing that really matters -- is creating relationships with the people with whom we spend our time."
The award winner will receive $10,000, with $5,000 going toward the administrator's professional development and $5,000 to the school for a project of the recipient's choosing. Golden Apple also will recognize 34 teacher finalists, including 12 suburban teachers, at 10 a.m. March 4 at the Hilton in Rosemont. For details, visit goldenapple.org/celebration.
Award recipients also will be honored at the Golden Apple Awards gala May 20, which will be live-streamed and taped for later production by WTTW Channel 11.
Even though actor Nagarjuna has been a part of the Telugu film industry for nearly three decades, the frenzy surrounding him refuses to die down. The veteran is held in high regard, thanks to his evergreen personality and macho looks. In fact, some fans even feel that he can still give his sons Naga Chaitanya and Akhil, a run for their money.
At present, Nagarjuna is gearing up for the release of Officer which is slated to hit the screens this Friday(June 1, 2018). The film is a cop-drama and features him in the role of a ruthless police officer. Officer has created some buzz amongst movie-goers and is an important release for all concerned. Directed by Ram Gopal Varma, it also features newcomer Myra Sareen in a key role and promises to be an action-packed affair.
Interestingly, while announcing it, RGV had said that this is going to be quite different from anything Nagarjuna has done in the past. It will be worth watching if the film is able to make a mark at the box office.
With Officer set to release, here is a look at five Nagarjuna films that are a must-watch.
Siva Ram Gopal's maiden directorial venture, Siva hit the screens in 1989 and proved to be game-changer. Revolving around the intricacies of student politics, this crime-drama became the talk of the town courtesy its raw/intense action scenes and bold presentation. Also featuring Amala in the lead, it was remade in Hindi with the same cast the very next year, and the remake too received praises from all quarters. Ninne Pelladata A family-based romantic drama, Ninne Pelladata went a long way in establishing Nagarjuna as Tollywood's king of on-screen romance. Directed by noted director Krishna Vamsi, the film did well at the box office and received the proverbial thumbs up from critics. It featured Tabu as the female lead and her chemistry with Nagarjuna proved to be the USP of Ninne Pelladata. Annamaya A devotional film, Annamaya saw Nagarjuna play the role of the 15th century saint of the same name and showcase his acting abilities the fullest. Directed by maverick film-maker K Raghavendra Rao, it featured Ramya Krishnan as the female lead and opened to a blockbuster response at the box office. Sri Ramadasu Often described as Nagarjuna's finest film ever, Sri Ramadasu was directed by K Raghavendra Rao and saw the actor deliver a highly refined/mature performance. It clicked with fans, courtesy its religious/devotional undertones and proved to be a big hit. Sri Ramadasu also had Sneha and ANR in key roles. Manam Released in 2014, Manam saw Nagarjuna share screen space with Chay and ANR and is regarded as one of Telugu cinema's finest family films. Revolving around how love for one's parents never dies and touching upon reincarnation, Manam did well at the box office and received praises because of its heart-warming narrative.
Want help looking and feeling your best? Sign up for our Health & Beauty newsletter!
Sign up
Fannin County Republicans were seeing red Saturday night at the annual Valentine's Gala, not only in their political viewpoints, but ...
PLEASE LOG IN FOR PREMIUM CONTENT Our website requires visitors to log in to view the best local news. Not yet a subscriber? Subscribe today
President Donald Trump says a GOP memo declassified on Friday "totally vindicates" him in the Russia probe.
In a Saturday morning tweet, Trump denied any collusion or obstruction and called the investigation "an American disgrace."
"This memo totally vindicates 'Trump' in probe," Trump tweeted Saturday morning. "But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on. Their was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction (the word now used because, after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING, collusion is dead). This is an American disgrace!"
This memo totally vindicates “Trump” in probe. But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on. Their was no Collusion and there was no Obstruction (the word now used because, after one year of looking endlessly and finding NOTHING, collusion is dead). This is an American disgrace! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 3, 2018
On Friday, Trump approved the public release of a memo spearheaded by GOP House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes that alleges the FBI abused its surveillance authority.
There are currently several investigations into possible ties between the Trump campaign and Russia, but Trump has repeatedly denied any collusion with Russia in its efforts to influence the 2016 election.
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Children in Need Rocks has revealed its 80s themed lineup.
The music event will head to Wembley Arena on October 19 with headliners Bananrama.
The special show also features sets from Boy George, Erasure, Jason Donavon and Europe.
Headline act Bananarama rose to success in the 80s with hits such as Venus, Cruel Summer and Love In The First Degree.
Meanwhile they are also embarking on a huge headline UK tour later this year which includes three London dates.
The BBC show will be presented by Fearne Cotton and Sara Cox who will capture the backstage fun and interview the show's performers.
The iconic lineup is completed by Katrina from Katrina & the Waves, Imagination, Louisa Johnson, OMD, Nick Heyward, UB40 featuring Ali, Astro and Micky.
Meanwhile concert goers are encouraged to get into the spirit of things with 1980s inspired ensembles, so they expect to see legwarmers, scrunchies and shoulder pads.
Since its first major appeal in 1980, BBC Children in Need has raised more than £909 million for disadvantaged children and young people across the UK.
All profits from the concert will go to BBC Children in Need.
When do tickets go on sale?
Tickets go on sale at 8:30am today (August 14).
Where can I buy tickets?
They'll be available from AXS.com here.
How much are tickets?
They're priced from £25.
NEW CASTLE, Ind. (WISH) — One man has been arrested following a string of arson fires earlier this month.
Joshua Dunham, 24, faces four counts of arson in the case.
The fires happened in the early morning hours of June 6.
Five homes in total were burned. Three juveniles had previously been questioned and released in the investigation.
The fires happened on the southeast side of the city near 18th Street and G Avenue.
Several abandoned homes were set on fire, with the fire then spreading to nearby homes.
No one was hurt but some people were displaced.
The Indiana State Fire Marshal had offered a reward in the case.
The investigation is still ongoing.
ST. PETERSBURG, Fla. (WFLA) – Registration for the Skyway 10k run across the Sunshine Skyway Bridge is closed.
The event reached its maximum 7,000 participant capacity only five days after being announced. The event will be held on March 4.
Anyone interested in volunteering or sponsoring the 10k can still do so by going online or emailing info@skyway10k.com.
The run will begin on I-275 at the area area just south of the bridge and end at the rest area on the north side of the bridge, a total of 10 kilometers, or 6.2 miles.
All proceeds from the event will support the Armed Forces Families Foundation, a non-profit organization that provides 100 percent of funds raised to projects that help military families.
WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON RIGHT NOW:
Kidnappers of the Oniyani of Iyani-Akoko in Ondo State, Oba Joel Daodu, are demanding a N5 million ransom before they will release him. The monarch was kidnapped near Oba-Akoko on the Owo-Ikare road on Saturday April 15th alongside one of his prominent chiefs, John Afelumo. The kidnappers had earlier demanded a N15 million ransom but have now reduced it to N5 million.
A homeowner stands in the area where his home once stood after the Lilac Fire swept through Bonsall and parts of Fallbrook Thursday.
San Diego County will waive permit fees for the rebuilding of more than 200 structures that have been destroyed or damaged in the Lilac Fire.
The County Board of Supervisors approved the waiver Monday after hearing the damage done by the 4,100-acre Lilac Fire. The supervisors also extended an emergency declaration. Get the latest updated information on the fire here.
San Diego County Disaster Recovery manager Amy Harbert reported that 104 residential and two commercial structures were destroyed along with 78 accessory structures such as barns, sheds and outbuildings.
An additional 13 homes and five commercial buildings were damaged.
The permit waiver will apply to structures within the fire's perimeter in unincorporated areas and any other areas in which county approval is needed.
County public works employees were removing debris from county maintained roads and replacing damaged street signs. In the near future, they will be repairing guardrails and establishing erosion control in the burn areas.
Also, an estimated 200 acres of park land burned in the fire. No park structures have been affected, according to Harbert.
A center has been set up to assist residents with questions and resources. The center is open 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. at the Vista branch of the county library at 700 Eucalyptus Ave. Residents can call (858) 495-5200 for more information.
Carol Davidsen, a former Barack Obama campaign official, fired off a series of tweets in March 2018 about the campaign's alleged use of Facebook data. “They came to office in the days following election recruiting & were very candid that they allowed us to do things they wouldn't have allowed someone else to do because they were on our side,” she wrote in the most controversial tweet about Facebook.
WikiLeaks touted Davidsen's tweets in its own post on Twitter, writing, “Facebook scandal widens: Democrats got hold of all Facebook profiles and friends (‘the entire social graph') according to former Obama targeting team leader Carol Davidsen.”
In addition to WikiLeaks, the tweets have received ink in conservative media outlets like The Daily Caller and Breitbart in the wake of news breaking that a conservative data group, Cambridge Analytica, was suspended by Facebook. WikiLeaks has said previously that it was contacted by Cambridge Analytica about Hillary Clinton's emails.
The Washington Post identified Davidsen as an Obama campaign official, writing, “In 2011, Carol Davidsen, director of data integration and media analytics for Obama for America, built a database of every American voter using the same Facebook developer tool used by Cambridge, known as the social graph API.”
“We ingested the entire U.S. social graph,” Davidsen said in an interview with The Washington Post. “We would ask permission to basically scrape your profile, and also scrape your friends, basically anything that was available to scrape. We scraped it all.”
Here's what you need to know:
1. Davidsen Worked for the Obama Campaign on Media Analytics, Her LinkedIn Page Says
According to Davidsen's LinkedIn profile, she served as “Director, Integration & Media Analytics” for Obama for America from November 2011 through November 2012 in Chicago Illinois, calling herself “Responsible for ‘The Optimizer' & ‘Narwhal.'” She added on LinkedIn, “Narwhal was a real time scalable data integration and campaign API platform that fused together facts gathered about multiple identities into a single unified profile available to every arm of the campaign.”
She also wrote that “The Optimizer was an analytics tool that combined modeled campaign target data, settop box viewership data, local and national commercial inventory rates, and behavioral analysis to discover untapped and efficient commercial inventory for the Obama campaign.”
In several places on her LinkedIn page, colleagues from the Obama campaign endorsed her for skills: “Endorsers who were Carol's colleagues at Obama for America,” reads one list of colleagues under the skill “integration,” for example. She, in turn, endorsed a colleague on Linkedin by writing, in part, “Peter helped me tackle an almost impossible problem on the 2012 Obama campaign. In under 6 weeks, we managed the creation of the first version of ‘The Optimizer.' The tool was used to effectively target and maximize a $400 million TV spot placement budget to reelect President Barack Obama.” That man, Peter Bouchard, lists himself on his own LinkedIn page as a former deputy of Media Analytics for Obama for America.
Davidsen has been retweeting comments on the controversy.
It's important to recognize there are differences between how Obama and Cambridge Analytics purported to use mass data from FB. But FB's response to discovering data harvesting in 2012 (which was technically against their terms) was still ¯_(ツ)_/¯
https://t.co/XDheLuntpa pic.twitter.com/ARLJbG17oz — Dan Nguyen (╯°□°)ノ wheres wallace string? (@dancow) March 20, 2018
Also *ahem*. A good number of us had been objecting and pointing out the broader harms of the interaction between Facebook's business model and politics even when it appeared to benefit Obama/Democrats. pic.twitter.com/SVk4Iw86uG — zeynep tufekci (@zeynep) March 17, 2018
She also retweeted the Post article quoting her:
LATEST: The Obama campaign used the very same data-mining feature on Facebook that Cambridge Analytica did — enabling it to create a davatbase of relationships between every US voter. Via me & @TonyRomm https://t.co/Y1xicKOljL — Elizabeth Dwoskin (@lizzadwoskin) March 20, 2018
The Obama campaign's use of social media data is no secret. The Washington Post reported that “…political consultants from President Barack Obama's 2012 presidential campaign, also siphoned huge amounts of data about users and their friends, developing deep understandings of people's relationships and preferences.”
2. Davidsen Tweeted That Facebook Was ‘On Our Side'
In a series of tweets, Davidsen made claims about Facebook and the Obama campaign. Davidsen started the thread by writing, “An article written in 2012 about a project code named tärgus.” She added, “An example of how we used that data to append to our email lists.” The Time Magazine article she shared was headlined, “Friended: How the Obama Campaign Connected with Young Voters.” It reported that the Obama campaign realized that many youth voters in swing states did not have listed phone numbers.
And just like that, reading glasses became a thing. pic.twitter.com/qWj8wXnLKL — Carol Davidsen (@cld276) December 5, 2017
“The Obama team had a solution in place: a Facebook application that will transform the way campaigns are conducted in the future. For supporters, the app appeared to be just another way to digitally connect to the campaign,” Time reported, calling this a “game changer.” According to the Time Magazine article, “the more than 1 million Obama backers who signed up for the app gave the campaign permission to look at their Facebook friend lists.” It was called “targeted sharing,” according to Time Magazine.
Davidsen further wrote: “Facebook was surprised we were able to suck out the whole social graph, but they didn't stop us once they realized that was what we were doing.” And, in the most incendiary tweet: “They came to office in the days following election recruiting & were very candid that they allowed us to do things they wouldn't have allowed someone else to do because they were on our side,” she wrote on March 18, 2018 on Twitter.
She responded to WikiLeaks' tweet of her comments, writing, “I definitely did not say they kept the data and still use it. I don't know the answer to that.”
“I am also 100% positive that Facebook activity recruits and staffs people that are on the other side,” she tweeted.
“I worked on all of the data integration projects at OFA. This was the only one that felt creepy, even though we played by the rules, and didn't do anything I felt was ugly, with the data,” Davidsen wrote.
One of the articles shared on Davidsen's LinkedIn page is titled, “How Obama's Team Used Big Data to Rally Voters.”
3. Davidsen Has Worked in a Variety of Data-Oriented Positions, Including for comScore & Microsoft
After the Obama campaign, Davidsen's LinkedIn page says she worked for comScore for three years as VP of political technology and now works for the company in cross-platform products. “Passionate about creating cutting-edge technology to help the political space identify the best places to find their audience across screens including TV in the most cost effective manner,” she wrote. “Leading the political technology group at comScore, working to bridge the gap between what political campaigns, super PACs and lobbyists need today, and the technology they will need in the future as TV and digital evolve. Originally part of Rentrak, which was acquired by comScore in February 2016.”
Her page proclaims that she is about “Strategy and Implementation. Organized Data Lover” and resides in the Greater New York City area. Her LinkedIn page adds, “Results-oriented executive and technical manager who has the capacity to make business, product, technical decisions, and to take authority and be held accountable for the success or failure of the overall service. Strong background in product development, deployment, and operations. Specializes in cultivating strong relationships and demonstrated success at delivering high-quality products under tight deadlines while managing changing priorities.”
She is the founder of a Brooklyn based platform called Cir.cl, which she wrote was a “peer-to-peer targeting platform geared toward social marketplaces. Cir.cl added geo location, alerts, price management, offer management, & payment processing, all while giving you the best idea of who you are dealing with online.”
She was also a product and program manager for “Part of a software start up (Navic Networks) acquired by Microsoft in 2008 providing television advertising products for US cable operators, programmers, and advertising agencies.”
She received several endorsements on her LinkedIn page. One said, “Carol and I worked together on several key projects at Comverse. I was impressed by Carol's ability to see the overall goal of the project and manage the details to insure the implementation was a success. Carol also demonstrated her ability to take ownership of difficult problems and find the resolutions.”
4. Davidsen Was a Swim Team Captain in College & Writes About Facebook & Pro-Democratic Politics on Twitter
Less than 3 hours until @justinvf & @TLWashburn get married. I will delay getting ready a bit longer. #ofaweddings pic.twitter.com/STRcqkteKP — Carol Davidsen (@cld276) June 12, 2015
Davidsen's LinkedIn page also says she was a swim team captain at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in New York. She attended Bronx High School of Science, the page says.
On Twitter, Davidsen writes a lot about data and politics and she writes things like this, “I was right about what keeps me up at night being about price discrimination. That is where all of the true potential ugliness comes out in an algorithm based world that allows micro targeting.” Her political posts tend to be from the Democratic perspective.
She also writes a lot about Facebook, and she has been doing so since before the Cambridge Analytica story broke. She dressed her child in a pro-Hillary Clinton jumper. She shared a Christmas card from the Obamas.
I start talking about Facebook at around minute 18, and had more to say, before getting dragged off stage because i didn't understand the clock in the back of the room. Ha https://t.co/GhytQzghX5 — Carol Davidsen (@cld276) March 19, 2018
This article about Facebook's auction system, which Brad Parscale just endorsed, says that Facebook systematically charged the Clinton campaign more for ad space than the Trump campaign because Clinton's ads were less “provocative.” https://t.co/ddFyHkfgLO pic.twitter.com/rlWDnHA9cF — southpaw (@nycsouthpaw) February 24, 2018
She also commented of Oprah Winfrey: “Presidential.” She has posted negative tweets about Trump.
5. Facebook Suspended a Conservative Data Firm That Worked on the Donald Trump Campaign
Cambridge Analytica is a data analysis firm that claims to have a trove of data points about the personal preferences of millions of Americans. The firm helped Donald Trump's presidential campaign and has now been suspended from Facebook.
Special prosecutor Robert Mueller previously requested documents from the company as part of his investigation into the Trump campaign and Russia. Julian Assange, of WikiLeaks, previously tweeted that he was contacted by the company about Hillary Clinton's emails. In short, Cambridge Analytica has found itself the subject of growing controversy. The company also has ties to Trump's son-in-law Jared Kushner, former White House adviser Steve Bannon, former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn, and mega GOP/Trump donor Robert Mercer.
Davidsen also shared this:
Here's the Channel 4 report: Senior executives at Cambridge Analytica have been secretly filmed saying they could entrap politicians in compromising situations with bribes and Ukrainian sex workers. https://t.co/3hD4CAh6NK — Kyle Griffin (@kylegriffin1) March 19, 2018
And this:
In light of Facebook-Cambridge Analytica kerfuffle, it's worth reviewing Facebook's long history of lax enforcement against apps and partners who steal data from its users. /1 — Julia Angwin (@JuliaAngwin) March 19, 2018
The Facebook suspension derives from the use of an app “thisisyourdigitallife” to obtain personal information of 270,000 people and their friends. Essentially, the firm mined Facebook to collect data on Americans, analyzing the data points to create personality and political profiles that politicians and others use to better tailor messaging.
According to The Washington Times, “Cambridge Analytica, formerly led by ex-White House strategist Steve Bannon, denies that it used any Facebook data for the Trump campaign in 2016. The firm says it deleted all the information when it learned that the academic researcher shouldn't have sold the data to the company.”
You can read more about Cambridge Analytica and the Facebook suspension here:
Andrew Dice Clay has the Lucas Bros' vote The twins would rather have a comedian than a clown in office.
'22 Jump Street' twins bring oddball charm to new show Identical twins Keith and Kenny Lucas stole the show in “22 Jump Street,” playing the comically laid-back dorm-mates of Jonah Hill and Channing Tatum. But the roles were originally written...
10 lessons learned from this summer's movies With Labor Day upon us, the summer movie season of spectacle, sex and superheroes draws to a close. Let's now take a look back at the great lessons we've learned...
Tinseltown wilting under historic box office lows Welcome to the summer doldrums. Moviegoers have put Tinseltown on the grill this summer. After two spectacular record-breaking years, the July Fourth weekend's box office just heaped on more summer...
An all-American movie guide for this holiday weekend Independence Day is a time to draw together as a nation, put aside our differences, and celebrate what we have in common: We're all hyphenated Americans! This holiday weekend at...
Lame '22 Jump Street' is a forced copycat of the original What's the difference between “21 Jump Street” and “22 Jump Street”? Same as the difference between getting a 21 and a 22 at blackjack. The sequel to one of the...
22 reasons to love Channing Tatum This Friday, America's favorite actor, Channing Tatum, will reprise his role as Jenko in the highly anticipated sequel, “22 Jump Street.” The film is already drawing raves — it's currently...
7 tracks of summer's movie trailers With the onslaught of summer blockbusters upon us, it can be difficult to escape the ubiquitous movie trailers and commercials. That, in turn, means their soundtracks can wiggle their way...
Pope Francis has exhorted Catholic bishops worldwide to do what's needed to ensure children aren't sexually abused by clergy.
The Vatican on Monday released the text of a Dec. 28 letter Francis sent to bishops about injustices to children such as slave labor, malnutrition and sexual exploitation, including abuse by priests.
In the letter, Francis decries the “sin of what happened, the sin of failing to help, the sin of covering up and denial, the sin of the abuse of power.”
Francis tells bishops to “adhere, clearly and faithfully, to ‘zero tolerance'” for sex abuse of minors.
The pontiff himself has been criticized by some for not punishing bishops who covered up abuse by reassigning molesters to different parishes.
Francis asks bishops for “complete commitment” so such “atrocities” won't re-occur.
POKER
Three barrels giving off an Asian aroma including a chess grandmaster promoting poker as a game of skill in India, Varun Gupta taking down a title in Macau, and Japan getting in on the live tournament act.
We are solving the perception problem.
Those were the words of India's Poker Sports League's (PSL) co-founder Pranav Bagai when we spoke recently about his vision for the future of poker in his country.
I was interested in learning how PSL was going to shoot down their competitors: Match Indian Poker League (MIPL) and Global Poker League (GPL) India, when I learned that India's rulers are the primary enemy, and MIPL and GPL are more like allies.
You see, India's lords and masters believe that legalising poker is akin to allowing a murderous psychopath to move into your apartment block because it's a game with too much gamble.
Step forward, Viswanathan Anand.
Anand is a five-time World Chess Champion, a Chess Grandmaster, and India's dominant figure when it comes to mind sports in his homeland, and Bagai and the team at PSL have drafted him in as an ambassador for the league.
It's a brilliant move for the league in the wake of news from the states of Gujarat and Telanga that they will continue to outlaw the game because they don't believe skill plays enough of a role for them to take it seriously.
Anand disagrees.
“My association with PSL is an attempt to establish the fact that Poker, like the game of Chess, is indeed a game of skill, which involves a lot of strategy and a defined skill set,” Anand uttered to the person creating the press release. “I have played chess all my life, and when I was introduced to poker I could instantly draw the parallels, which made me connect better with the game,”.
Bagai and the team are currently working on Season 2, after locking in the Season 1 franchises for another 8-years.
Varun Gupta Wins the Asian Poker Tour Finale Macau Main Event
Maybe we don't need a Chess Grandmaster to prove to the Indian legal eagles that poker is a game of skill. Just keep racking up the scores boys and girls.
The latest player from India to feel that primal poker chill down his spine is Varun Gupta who took down the Asian Poker Tour (APT) Finale Macau Main Event.
The five-day Main Event attracted 157 entrants to the Macau Billionaire Poker Room at Babylon Casino, Macau Fisherman's Wharf, and Gupta collected HK$300,400 ($38,456) – only the third score on his Hendon Mob live tournament resume.
I got to be honest, I was kinda hoping that Gupta would lose because I was looking forwa rd to leading with the headline: Fuk Wong Play Poker Great but the Poker Gods had other ideas.
Final Table Results
1. Varun Gupta – $38,456
2. Jack Wu – $39,685
3. Shyh Chyn Lim – $19,970
4. Luen Kwok – $14,568
5. Kai Paulsen – $12,059
6. Austin Walton – $9,934
7. Chris Soyza – $8,206
8. Fuk Wong – $6,849
9. Edward Yam – $5,889
Natural8 ambassador Kosei Ichinose finished 11th.
The Japan Poker Championship Launches a New Tour
There is a rattle coming from the grass surrounding the live tournament scene in Asia, and it's coming from the Japan Poker Championship (AJPC). The organisation from the land of the rising sun has announced plans to launch an international poker tour according to GGRAsia.
The tour christened the AJPC Asian Circuit is being tight-lipped about the future of the tour but has released plans to hold the first leg at Paradise City casino in Incheon, South Korea.
The Main Event will take place over five days and will cost people KRW1.1 million to enter ($1,005). There will also be a Super High Roller carrying a KRW11.8 million ($10,000) price tag.
AJPC are pretty chipper about the event, telling GGRAsia that they expect to take 300 people to Korea from Japan, and have plans to make the tour the largest in Asia.
Comments
Sunil Was Tired Of Fans' Continuous Questions!
Regarding his tweet, Sunil was quoted by TOI as saying, "I was tired of the fans continuous questions about whether I was going to be a part of Kapil's upcoming show, so I decided to answer it. But I had no intentions to fight with Kapil or say any nasty things about him."
Sunil Was Under Pressure!
"I remained silent even after the fight that took place last year. I never said anything. I was under pressure since few days as my fans kept on asking me if I am doing the show and I just reacted."
Was This Sunil's Publicity Stunt?
Just when Kapil is coming up with a new show, Sunil had a fight with him. Many of them thought that it was Sunil's publicity stunt! Regarding this Sunil said, "My reaction was genuine I just answered to a fan's query and there was no other agenda."
Sunil's Reaction Was Genuine
"People can assume whatever they want to I don't even want to react on this as I know it's not true. People don't even know what project I am doing. I just tweeted I am doing a project and it can be anything but suddenly everyone is busy assuming."
Sunil Is Worried About Kapil's Health!
When asked whether Sunil was hurt as Kapil called him a liar, Sunil said, "I am not hurt. I know he called me a liar and also said pehle hassa ke dikha logon ko.... I am worried about Kapil's health."
Is Sunil REALLY Concerned About Kapil's Health?
"Just look at the time of the tweets. How can I be hurt? I just pray to god that Kapil stays healthy and takes care of himself." Well, is Sunil genuinely worried about Kapil's health or he is pointing at Kapil's mistake (timing of the tweet and Kapil's alcohol issue)!
He Is Not Targeting Kapil
Sunil clarifies that he is not targeting Kapil. He says that he wasn't prepared to return to a regular show since last year and has been doing live events, hosting award functions or reality show finales.
He Wasn't Prepared To Return To TKSS
He didn't deny the fact that Kapil called him to return on TKSS. He added that Kapil even came home once and sent his two people to discuss work. But, he was not mentally prepared to return on the show after the mid-air fight.
Will Sunil Work With Kapil In Future?
When asked whether he would work with Sunil if Kapil offers him a show, Sunil said, "I don't want to live in imagination. This is a very hypothetical question and actually I don't have an answer. I think it's not the right time to answer this. I have work right now and I want to concentrate on it."
Sunil Grover
Kapil and Sunil shared a great bond until last year. When asked whether none of them tried to sort of differences, Sunil said, "We both are mature people and have even met after the incident last year."
He Doesn't Want To Do Mudslinging!
"There are many things that happened between the two of us since then, and I don't think I should talk about it. I don't want to do mudslinging. I worked with him on two great shows though it was for a temporary period. I will be always thankful."
According to GasBuddy, a tech company based in Boston that helps consumers find accurate gasoline prices, released a statement on May 14 saying gas prices in Las Vegas had risen 3.0 cents per gallon since last week.
Prices have averaged out to $3.24 per gallon as of yesterday, GasBuddy said after surveying 649 gas outlets in the valley.
GasBuddy said the national average price of gas has risen by 5.7 cents per gallon this past week, rounding out to $2.86 per gallon.
"Some of the factors at play in the rising prices: President Trump's U.S. withdraw from the nuclear deal with Iran and oil supplies that have continued to drop as U.S. exports surpass Venezuela,” Patrick DeHaan, head of petroleum analysis for GasBuddy, said in a statement.
Including changes to gas prices in Las Vegas, GasBuddy said prices yesterday were 60.7 cents higher per gallon than compared to May 2017.
According to GasBuddy, the average price for gas in 2017 was $2.64 per gallon. In 2016, the price was lower at $2.42 per gallon.
Areas near Las Vegas have also seen a rise in gas prices, GasBuddy said.
California cities like San Bernardino saw a rise of 3.3 cents per gallon, whereas Riverside had an increase of 3.4 cents per gallon, according to GasBuddy.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
No one ever said The 100‘s storyline was going to be easy. The Season 5 premiere is absolutely phenomenal. But some fans think it's phenomenal in every way except one: that second-to-last scene, between Bellamy and Echo. It was what every Bellarke fan was dreading. Bellarke fans have been hoping for a big reunion between Bellamy and Clarke. In fact, Clarke's been thinking about Bellamy a lot since she was stranded on Earth by herself. But now “Bellarke” fans saw something they weren't wanting to see. Bellamy and Echo are far too close. It looks like they may have developed a romantic connection while in space all these years. Yes, it looks like Becho is real. And some Bellarke fans aren't too happy about that. After you read this story, take our poll and let us know what you think about a Bellamy-Echo pairing.
The writers of The 100 have been hinting at this for a while. After the Season 4 finale, may reporters were talking about the “chemistry” between the two characters. It's been there, to some degree, since they met for the first time in the Harvest Chamber inside Mount Weather, during Season 2's “Coupe de Grace” episode. But Bellamy's had chemistry with Clarke too, so no one was really quite sure how to take this.
Given Echo's past betrayals, it was unclear how this might play out. Bellamy even said to Echo when she asked why he was trying to save her: “Because, Echo, I'm afraid too. We are about to head to space, where we will be tested every minute of everyday for next 5 years. I'm not gonna lie to you. I still don't trust you… maybe I never will… But you're strong. We have a better chance of surviving if you're up there with us.”
And now here we are. It looks like the writers are making Bellamy and Echo a real Becho.
Some Fans Just Don't Get the Pairing
A lot of fans just don't understand the idea of Bellamy and Echo being together.
NO BELLAMY AND ECHO MY WORST NIGHTMARE — ebg! the 100 spoilers (@nanacults) April 25, 2018
They just.don't.get it.
bellamy floating himself when echo wants to hook up pic.twitter.com/2UUgwg6MC7 — tae | team becho (@bellarkedup) April 20, 2018
bellamy is me when jason tries to shove echo down our throats pic.twitter.com/3zyCLLiYUc — sarah | today (@morleyreist) April 24, 2018
Some fans would have at least preferred a different pairing for Bellamy if it couldn't be Clarke.
The thing is, Bellamy is such a cute boyfriend. Why couldn't he have been with Raven?! At least that would make sense. GAwd. #The100 — Jess Orthmann (@JessicaOrthmann) April 25, 2018
Bellamy @ echo everyday for 6 years pic.twitter.com/d82lUlQYHI — Milly Loves Morleys | TODAY (@bellsxgriffin) April 16, 2018
Also if Bellamy is not still in love with Clarke or is with echo I'm actually gonna choke — izzy 🧡 (@wdw_positivity) April 25, 2018
One fan had an interesting comparison in mind:
Does this Bellamy,Clarke and Echo thing remind anyone else about Sawyer, Kate and Juliet? It's SO similar #the100 #lost — silhan (@whitelily22) April 25, 2018
Some Fans Love the Idea of Bellamy & Echo
I'm just gonna throw my hat into the ring, I'm all for Becho in #The100 – that is a strong couple! A team forged in the fires of shared hardship and adversity! pic.twitter.com/NjPy0C3RQE — JJShurte (@JJShurte) April 25, 2018
Meanwhile, other fans are enjoying the idea of a Bellamy and Echo pairing (or the love triangle it might create.)
Bellamy and Echo yes amazing groundbreaking love that — chels (@elizaatrash) April 25, 2018
One fan (AerisVideos) loves the idea of Echo and Bellamy so much, she even made a video about the two:
Of course, that pales in comparison to the number of Bellamy-Clarke videos out there (or Clarke-Lexa videos, for that matter.) So while Bellarke fans are pretty upset over this development, some other fans aren't.
And some fans just don't care about the ship one way or the other.
Bellamy and Echo man… Smh. No one on the real cares even the slightest. I can't even be angered by the thought or possibility of it because it's just THAT blah. — Everything Bellarke (@LifeIsBellarke) April 17, 2018
Jason Rothenberg has always been a bit coy about Bellamy and Clarke's chances. “First of all, Bellamy and Clarke have always been at the centre of this show. It has always been the story of — on some level — Clarke and her relationship to Bellamy. And whether they were going to survive or not depending on how well those two human beings worked together — whether romantic or otherwise.”
And then there was this answer from Rothenberg, which has confused fans even more:
Now, Bellamy-Clarke shippers (aka Bellarke) are hoping that maybe Bellamy will change his mind about Echo once he realizes Clarke is still alive and sees her face-to-face again. Surely that would make a difference, right?
Haha but we all know Bellamy will drop echo the moment he sees Clarke. — yoongi punch me (@softeltaco) April 24, 2018
Bellamy promising Echo nothing will change on the ground… #Bellarke pic.twitter.com/OLwTW2v8En — Girl Thoughts (@The_Badass_D) April 25, 2018
Or will he remain loyal to Echo no matter what, and the creators will find a new love interest for Clarke? What do you think will happen? Let us know in the comments below, but take our poll first.
This is a developing story.
Elected officials from Oklahoma and Texas are sharing their thoughts about the Wednesday morning gunfire that targeted members of Congress.
Rep. Tom Cole (R-4th District) said colleague Steve Scalise -- who was wounded in the gunfire at a Virginia ball field -- is one his very best friends.
"This is an attack on the system... an attack on people that are trying to govern the country in a democratic way -- you know, small 'd' -- and operate within the Constitutional framework that has served the country very well," Cole said.
Texas Rep. Roger Williams (R-25th District) was at the practice session and injured his ankle. His aide, Zach Barth, suffered a gunshot wound to the leg.
"We were sitting ducks ... we had no arms; all we had was bats," Williams said. "The thin blue line held today, and law enforcement officers should be proud."
Williams said Barth was released from the hospital after being treated.
In a written statement, Sen. Tom Lankford (R-Oklahoma) praised Capitol Police as heroes who "literally put their lives on the line" to protect the lawmakers who were attending the practice.
"...remember that we are a nation that solves things by conversation. We disagree, and that's okay. We've said that for two centuries that we can disagree. We don't solve it this way. And we cannot."
Congressional leaders say that the charity baseball game for which they were practicing is still on for Thursday.
"We're going to play baseball tomorrow," Williams said. "If we don't play this baseball game and go home, then they win."
MACON, Georgia (41NBC/WMGT) – “The first two weeks you know, it was kind of hard, kind of tough,” said Brooklyn Rouse's father, Warren Rouse, describing what it was like after Brooklyn was shot.
She was shot December 26th after attempting to deliver a pizza to a house on Vivian Drive in Macon. Before she made it to the door, she was robbed and shot twice in the head and once in the shoulder.
“You know, I was thinking, maybe she got shot, maybe in her leg or something,” said Warren. “When I got the news where she got shot, it really came to another level.”
After surgeries and with a bullet still in her head, Brooklyn is recovering.
“I get more emotional than her by talking about, but I don't think I'm ready to go over it with her,” Warren said. “But she remembers everything.”
A few days after the shooting, 26-year-old Alisha Geneva Wilson was arrested for her involvement in the shooting, but 19-year-old Jacob Elijah Miller was on the run, until Monday afternoon.
“So about a month and a half, almost two months now, we'd been looking for him,” said Bibb County Sheriff's Office's, Sergeant Chris Paul. “So for the last couple of days, we received information about where he could possibly be. We went based on that information and sure enough, that information led to his arrest.”
Miller's now facing charges for Brooklyn's shooting and shooting and robbing another pizza delivery driver, 23-year-old Duncan Siror, just days before. He was caught, all thanks to a Crimestoppers tip.
“Any information that you can give us, no matter insignificant you think it is,” said Sergeant Paul. “You never know what information is going to lead to this person's arrest.”
“It's a relief for the family knowing they got him, knowing for the safety of Brooklyn or even my family, you never know,” said Warren. “We know the suspect, we know he's in custody. He did it, he's just got to face the consequences of what happened.”
Sergeant Paul said they Facetimed Brooklyn after arresting Miller. Brooklyn said she's ready to see Miller in court.
You might have hoped that the beauty trend of covering every part of your body in glitter until you transform into a walking disco ball would surely soon be coming to an end.
After all, we've already had glitter boobs, vagina glitter bombs, booty glitter, glitter lips, glitter beards and glitter armpits, just to name a few. Surely there are not available body parts left, right?
Wrong.
Glitter tongue is the new addition to the sparkly fashion trend and it seems that this craze may have originally been the result of a beauty mishap.
Australian makeup artist Jacinta Vukovic accidentally got glitter on her tongue while trying out a new makeup look and posted a picture of it to her Instagram.
“I was doing this Lip look and got glitter on my tongue, so I thought I would embrace it and make it the main focus!!” she wrote as the caption.
Since then the glittery tongue has gained popularity, with people quick to jump on board with the bizarre beauty trend.
Recreating this look seems to be pretty self-explanatory: all you need is a tongue, some glitter and the desire to pour that glitter in your mouth.
But before you go stocking up on the sparkles you might want to consider the potential hazards that come with putting hundreds of little bits of plastic in your mouth.
While swallowing a bit of glitter probably won't kill you it's not likely to do your digestive system any favors either.
Another thing to consider is the clean-up. Anyone who has dealt with glitter knows that it gets everywhere and notoriously difficult to completely remove.
Do you really want to have to scrub your tongue raw and still be picking bits of glitter out of your teeth days later?
While having a shimmery tongue may look aesthetically pleasing in Instagram photos, it is probably best to give this glitter trend a miss.
Anyone who gets to see the total solar eclipse on August 21 will be lucky — and humanity is lucky to live on a planet that even has this kind of celestial event.
Mercury and Venus, after all, don't even have moons. Mars has a couple, but they're too small to completely blot out the sun. Gas giants like Jupiter do have big moons, but they don't have solid surfaces where you could stand and enjoy an eclipse.
And, even with solid land and a moon, Earth only gets its gorgeous total solar eclipses because of a cosmic coincidence.
"They appear to be the same size because of their distance away from us," explains Amber Porter, an astronomer at Clemson University, which is in the path of the upcoming eclipse. The diameter of Earth's moon is about 400 times smaller than the diameter of the sun, but "even though the moon is about 400 times smaller than the sun, it's about 400 times closer to us here on Earth, which is how that perfect kind of magic happens."
Because of this quirk, the tiny moon can obscure the entire face of the sun and reveal its eerie corona, at least right now. In the past, Earth's eclipses did not look like this.
"The size of the sun hasn't really changed over the age of Earth, but the moon has been moving away from Earth over eons. So in the past it looked bigger," says Matija Cuk, a planetary scientist at the SETI Institute.
The moon is still moving away from Earth, he says. Every year, it shifts outward about an inch-and-half.
"So actually for billions of years you can have a total eclipse, but this very evenly matched eclipse, where it is barely total, that happens for a relatively short amount of time," says Cuk.
In only about 600 million years, the moon will look small enough that it no longer completely covers the sun, and whoever is left on Earth won't see any more total solar eclipses. So, get them while you can.
'NFF Must Learn Lessons From Eagles' Defeat To Bafana'
Leadership Newspapers
Nigerian international and Fulham forward, Sone Aluko has urged the Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) to learn lessons and move on from Super Eagles' stunning defeat to South Africa last weekend in Uyo, saying there are lots of improvements to be made.
Furman's body on the block Mail & Guardian
all 2 news articles »
MORRIS, Minn. — A 94-year-old Minnesota man whose wife died after battling cancer built a swimming pool in his backyard for children in his neighborhood.
Keith Davison's wife of 66 years died last year, KARE 11 reports.
“You just can't imagine what it's like,” he said. “You cry a lot. That's just the way it is because she's not here.”
Davison then decided to do something different to fill his time.
In the spring, the retired judge had an in-ground pool built. In July, the pool, which is 32 feet long and 9 feet deep, opened — and kids from all over the neighborhood came to swim.
“I knew they'd come,” Davison said.
Davison, who has three adult children but no grandchildren, is usually seen sitting in a chair next to the pool, watching the kids swimming, laughing and having fun.
“I'm not sitting by myself looking at the walls,” Davison said. “What else would you think of doing where you could have a whole bunch of kids over every afternoon?”
Adult Swim
Rick and Morty fans have been wanting McDonald's Szechuan sauce ever since Rick's monologue about the delicious sauce in the Season 3 premiere of Rick and Morty. Today only (Saturday, October 7) you'll have your chance. (Although we're betting some enterprising fans will be selling theirs on eBay later.) But only a few McDonald's restaurants are selling the famous sauce. We have a full list of every location in every city where you can find Szechuan sauce below.
But there are a few catches:
Only select restaurants will have the sauce in limited quantities.
You can ONLY get the sauce if you dine-in. You cannot get the sauce at the drive-thru.
You must purchase 4-piece, 6-piece, or 10-piece buttermilk chicken tenders to get the sauce.
The sauce will begin selling at 2 p.m. local time at participating locations.
Only one Szechuan sauce per person. :(
Here's a full list of every McDonald's location that's selling the Szechuan sauce. McDonald's webpage here lets you search locations by state and city, but doesn't list them all in one location.
This list is in alphabetical order by state. If you see a location that we missed or if you visit a location and they're out of Szechuan sauce later today, let us (and all your fellow Szechuan sauce fans) know in the comments below.
You can find Szechuan sauce in the following cities and locations:
Alabama
Florence: 1155 N. Woods Ave, 35632
McCalla: 4796 Eastern Valley Road, 35111
Mobile: 5601 Old Shell Rd, 36608-3040
Alaska
There will be no Szechuan sauce sold at any McDonald's locations in this state.
Arizona
Flagstaff: 1401 S Milton, 86001
Tempe: Two locations! 1785 E University, 85281 and 1205 S Rural Rd, 85281
Tucson: 1711 E Speedway, 85719
Arkansas
Little Rock: 104 South University, 72205
California
Bakersfield: 2699 Mount Vernon Ave, 93306
Bellflower: 8507 Artesia Blvd., 90706
Berkeley: 1998 Shattuck Ave., 94704
Concord: 1691 Monument Blvd, 94520
Los Angeles: 1231 S. Labrea, 90019
Modesto: 1800 Prescott Rd., 95350
Sacramento: 7800 Walerga Rd., 95824
San Diego: 2345 El Cajon Blvd., 92104
San Francisco: 255 Winston Dr., 94132
San Jose: 2191 Monterey Rd., 95125
Santa Barbara: 1213 State Street, 93101
Colorado
Boulder: 1800 28th St, 80301
Colorado Springs: 207 N Wahsatch Avenue, 80525
Fort Collins: 1250 W Elizabeth St, 80521
Connecticut
Norwich: 79 Towne Street, 6250
Delaware
Newark: 374 E. Main St., 19711
(Washington) D.C.
4130 Wisconsin Avenue, N.W., 20016
Florida
Coral Gables: 1148 S Dixie Hwy., 33141
Davie: 6405 Nova Drive, 33317
Deland: 102 Internat'l Speedway Blvd., 32724
Gainesville: 1030 E University Avenue, 32601
Miami: 9850 Sw 8th St., 33174
Miami: 345 Ne 2 Ave., 33132
Orlando: 4294 N Alafaya Trail, 32817
St. Petersburg: 300 38th Avenue North, 33704
Tallahassee: 676 W Tennessee Street, 32304
Tampa: 2101 E. 13th Ave., 33605
Tampa: 1520 W. Kennedy Blvd., 33606
Tampa: 11707 N. 56th Street, 33617
Winter Park: 3162 University Boulevard, 32792
Winter Park: 1302 W. Fairbanks Ave., 32789
Georgia
Athens: 2230 W Broad St, 30606
Atlanta: 1105 Northside Dr, 30318
Atlanta: 526 Ponce De Leon Blvd, 30308
Atlanta: 2210 N. Druid Hills Road, 30329
Savannah: 246 W. Broughton St, 31401
Hawaii
There will be no Szechuan sauce sold at any McDonald's locations in this state.
Idaho
There will be no Szechuan sauce sold at any McDonald's locations in this state.
Illinois
Chicago: 2400 N. Lincoln Ave, 60614
Chicago: 1951 N. Western Avenue, 60647
Chicago: 180 W. Adams Street, 60603
Chicago: 5200 S. Lake Park, 60615
Evanston: 1117 Howard St, 60202
Forsyth: 109 Lucille Ave, 62535
Herrin: 1706 South Park Avenue, 62948
Indiana
Bloomington: 2300 N. Walnut Street, 47404
Indianpolis: 1020 Broad Ripple Ave., 46220
South Bend: 416 N. Michigan St., 46613
Iowa
Iowa City: 804 S. Riverside Dr., 52246
Kansas
Kansas City: 7530 State Ave., 66112
Kentucky
Beaverdam: 1860 North Main Street, 42320
Lexington: 357 S. Limestone Avenue, 40508
Louisville: 301 Warnock Ave, 40208
Louisiana
Baton Rouge: 4979 Jones Creek Rd, 70817-1530
Gonzalez: 1939 W. Hwy. 30, 70737-5112
New Orleans: 3443 S Carrollton, 70118
New Orleans: 2856 South Claiborne, 70125-3932
Shreveport: 1302 Shreveport Barksdale Hwy, 71105-2408
Maine
There will be no Szechuan sauce sold at any McDonald's locations in this state.
Maryland
Baltimore: 934 York Road, 21204
Salisbury: 407 N. Fruitland Blvd., 21826
Massachusetts
Boston: 540 Commonweath Avenue, 2215
Holyoke: 233 Whiting Farms Road, 1040
Michigan
Alpena: 1424 M-32 West, 49707
Ann Arbor: 3001 Lohr Rd., 48108
Detroit: 4235 Woodward Ave., 48201
East Lansing: 1024 E Grand River Ave., 48823
Flint: 1831 S Dort Hwy, 48504
Saginaw: 2930 Tittabawassee Rd., 48604
Traverse City: 710 E Front St, 49686
Walker: 2652 S. Alpine Ave., 49504
Minnesota
Minneapolis: 407 15th Ave. S.E., 55414
Minneapolis: 2929 Hennipen Ave., 55408
Mississippi
Although Mississippi locations will have posters and stickers, McDonald's is not listing any as selling Szechuan sauce today.
Missouri
Grandview: 5100 Harry Truman Drive, 64030
Kansas City: 5353 Nw 64th St,, 64151
Kansas City: 4215 Rainbow Blvd., 66103
Kansas City: 1200 Emanuel Cleaver Blvd., 64110
Marshall: 816 W. College Street, 65340
Maryville: 1106 S. Main Street, 64468-2602
Warrensburg: 311 E. Young Street, 64093
Montana
There will be no Szechuan sauce sold at any McDonald's locations in this state.
Nebraska
Lincoln: 2140 K St., 68510
Omaha: 7717 Doge St., 68114
Nevada
Las Vegas: 4855 S Maryland Pkwy, 89119
Las Vegas: 2896 South Las Vegas Blvd, 89109
Reno: 305 E Plumb Ln., 89502
New Hampshire
Manchester: 196 South Willow Street, 3103
New Jersey
Camden: Haddon Ave And Federal St., 8103
Newark: 188 Springfield Ave, 7103
Paterson: 186-194 3rd Avenue, 7514
New Mexico
Albuquerque: 925 San Pedro Dr Ne, 87108
Albuquerque: 2200 Central Ave Se, 87106
Rio Rancho: 2109 Southern Blvd. Se, 87124
New York
Buffalo: 3400 Sheridan Drive, 14266
Long Island City: 32-55 31st Street, 11106
New York: 541 6th Ave. & 14th St., 10011
New York: 4040 Broadway & 170Th Street, 10032
New York: 1872 3Rd Ave. @103Rd Street, 10029
New York: 809-811 6th Ave. @ 28th, 10001
New York: 556 7th Ave. & 40Th, 10018
New York: 262 Canal Street, 10013
New York: 160 Broadway, 10038
New York: 26 East 23rd Street, 10010
Orchard Park: 3232 Orchard Park Rd, 14227
Poughkeepsie: 729-31 Main Street, 12603
North Carolina
Charlotte: 8121 University City Blvd, 28213
Greensboro: 2241 Martin Luther King Jr. Dr., 27406
Greenville: 310 E 10th St, 27858
Pembroke:801 W 3rd St, 28372
Raleigh: 3710 Western Blvd, 27606
Raleigh: 416 Oberlin Rd, 27610
North Dakota
Grand Forks: 4340 Gateway Dr., 58203
Ohio
Ada: 132 South Main Street, 45810
Akron: 246 East Exchange, 44304
Athens: 399 Richland Aven, 45701
Bowling Green: 1470 E. Wooster Street, 43402-3260
Columbus: 1972 N. High Street, 43201-1165
Fairborn: 2853 Centre Drive, 45324
Oxford: 601 Locust Street, 45056-2111
Tiffin: 1714 W. State Route 18, 44883-2561
Youngstown: 570 5th Avenue, 44502-1241
Oklahoma
There will be no Szechuan sauce sold at any McDonald's locations in this state.
Oregon
Beaverton: 3519 Cedar Hills Blvd., 97005
Eugene: 659 E Broadway, 97403
Portland: 10050 Sw Barbur Blvd, 97219
Portland: 8149 Se Stark, 97215
Pennsylvania
Philadelphia: 3935 Walnut St., 19104
Philadelphia: 5020 City Ave., 19131
Philadelphia: 2109 N. Broad St., 19122
Pittsburgh: 1630 Penn Ave, 15222
Scranton: 900 S. Washington Ave., 18505
Shippensburg: 333 E. King St, 17257
State College: 2821 East College Ave, 16801
Rhode Island
Providence: 649 North Main Street, 3809
South Carolina
Charleston: 230 Spring St, 29403
Clemson: 1065 Tiger Blvd., 29631
South Dakota
Although South Dakota locations will have posters and stickers, McDonald's is not listing any locations in this state as selling Szechuan sauce today.
Tennessee
Chattanooga: 1117 E 3rd St, 37402
Collierville: 3675 S Houston Levee, 38017
Memphis: 5263 Poplar Ave., 38119-3513
Nashville: 2700 West End Avenue, 37203
Texas
Arlington: 800 W Pioneer Pkwy, 76013
Austin: 5355 N Interregional, 78723
Austin: 4501 E. Ben White Blvd, 78741
Dallas: 5960 Greenville Ave, 75206
Denton: 306 W University Dr, 76201
Fort Worth: 3012 Berry St, 76109
Houston: 1302 Westheimer, 77006
Houston: 9126 Cullen St, 77051
Houston: 4100 University Drive, 77004
Houston: 11825 Bellaire, 77083
Houston: 5512 Bellaire, 77081
San Antonio: 4331 Vance Jackson, 78230
San Antonio: 10950 Hwy 151, 78251
Utah
Provo: 211 W 1230 N, 84604
Salt Lake City: 242 S 700 E, 84102
Vermont
There will be no Szechuan sauce sold at any McDonald's locations in this state.
Virginia
Arlington: 1800 North Lynn Street, 20009
Fairfax: 7600 Little River Turnpike, 22003
Norfolk: 2328 E Princess Anne Rd, 23504
Richmond City: 2700 W. Broad St., 23220
Virginia Beach: 2097 General Booth Blvd, 23454
Washington
Bellingham: 112 Samish Way, 98225
Federal Way: 34814 Pacific Hwy S, 98003
Seattle: 5146 25th Ave Ne, 98105
Vancouver: 405 Se 131st(Mill Plain), 98664
West Virginia
Morgantown: 2932 University Avenue, 26505
Wisconsin
Beloit: 45 State Street, 53511
Madison: 4500 University Ave., 53706
Milwaukee: 1614 E North Ave, 53202
Milwaukee: 2455 W. Wisconsin Ave., 53233
Milwaukee: 6631 W. North Ave., 53213
Wyoming
Laramie: 3000 Grand Ave,, 82070-5105
See anything we missed? Let us know in the comments below.
The campus of Jacksonville State University, which is also known as JSU, sustained damage from a severe tornado that touched down on March 19, 2018. In the aftermath of the twister, campus officials were still surveying the damage, but it was clear that multiple buildings, including the Coliseum had sustained damage.
The Dollar General and part of the “Reserve” were damaged, according to photos posted on social media. The university provided some information on the evening of March 19, writing, “There is damage to campus. Trees and power lines are down. Avoid traveling at or near campus. If you need UPD, call 256-689-2018.” The university added, “If you are a student in need of assistance please go to the University Police Department in Salls Hall or call 256-782-5050 or 911.”
The Dollar General and part of “The Reserve” at Jacksonville State University pic.twitter.com/teloOdeFHs — James (@Mr_JLP) March 20, 2018
The university also retweeted this photo:
Around 11 p.m., the university tweeted, “Dear JSU family and friends: Our campus and our community were hit this evening by severe storms. It has only just become safe for university police to come out of shelter and they are out assessing the damage and going dorm to dorm checking on residents.”
This is the tornado approaching Jacksonville earlier tonight… video from Rita Lewis pic.twitter.com/gFd54aIg3p — James Spann (@spann) March 20, 2018
John Stempin, an NPR reporter, wrote on Twitter, “Widespread tornado damage reported in Jacksonville, AL including the state university campus. Residents advised not to venture out due to a large numbrer of downed powerlines. Unconfirmed reports of victims trapped in rubble. #nprnewscast.”
A photo of the twister by Facebook user Blake Matson was widely shared:
Here's a photo of the tornado that hit the Jacksonville State campus this evening. Please continue to keep us in your thoughts and prayers. pic.twitter.com/HV1eV514h2 — Greg Seitz (@gseitz) March 20, 2018
Greg Seitz, the athletic director of JSU, confirmed that the JSU Coliseum was damaged, but he said it was not destroyed, writing, “Thanks for all the calls, texts and emails and we do have extensive damage in Jacksonville. I can confirm we have major roof damage at Pete Mathews Coliseum, but The Pete is not completely destroyed. We have staff on site and will update as soon as possible.”
The Dollar General store in Jacksonville sustained significant damage.
Major damage to Dollar General in Jacksonville where a suspected #tornado was reported earlier @WIAT42 #ALwx pic.twitter.com/F82L4vcpFv — Michael Clark (@mclarkreports) March 20, 2018
Here's another view of the Dollar General:
Seitz also wrote, “We are still surveying all of the damage to campus and can confirm major roof damage to Logan Hall and Patterson Hall. Numerous trees and power lines are down. I'm very thankful JSU is on spring break this week and most students are out of town.” Students who were there during the storm but made it through OK were breaking a sigh of relief.
https://twitter.com/_giraffeee/status/975950928800112641
Earlier in the evening, JSU urgently tweeted, “Tornado down near JSU. Please get to your safe spaces if you're in the Jacksonville, AL area.” The National Weather Service's Birmingham office confirmed the frightening news, writing, “CONFIRMED DAMAGING AND POSSIBLY LARGE TORNADO NEAR JACKSONVILLE/CALHOUN COUNTY MOVING EAST INTO NORTHERN CLEBURNE COUNTY. TORNADO WARNING IN EFFECT! TAKE THIS SERIOUSLY AND SHELTER NOW!! #alwx”
The campus was not the only area that sustained damage. A local church was severely damaged, although the parishioners were OK, authorities said.
WestPoint Church on Hwy 204 just outside of Jacksonville is destroyed. The pastor said the building is damaged but the church (members) are intact. pic.twitter.com/DQPVr4wJCP — Sheriff Matthew Wade (@SheriffMWade) March 20, 2018
By one report, the church was split in half by the tornado.
West Point Baptist Church off of Saddle Club Road in Jacksonville split in half @WBRCnews pic.twitter.com/aqRWmBUAw4 — Hannah Ward (@HannahWBRC) March 20, 2018
The Calhoun County Sheriff's Department reported that trees and power lines were down, roads were closed, and schools would be closed on March 20, 2018.
A Charlottesville, Virginia rally to keep a Confederate statue and the counter-protest to take it down stunned the country after a car drove into a crowd of counter-protestors, killing Heather Heyer and wounding many others. The violence of the weekend led to counter-protests and vigils condemning racism and white nationalism in cities across the United States. See the reactions
Vice President Mike Pence said there is no tolerance for “white supremacists, neo-Nazis or the KKK,” following a white nationalist rally Saturday in Virginia that erupted in violence and left three people dead and multiple injured.
Despite a bad day at the office at Crawley for the Stags at the weekend, the club are in a fine position in League Two as the madness of the festive period and opening of the January window hurtle towards us.
It doesn't seem long ago we were playing those early season games with manager Steve Evans saying all he expected from his new-look squad was to be in and around the play-off chasing pack at the end of the year.
Barring a couple of calamitous results against Yeovil and Morecambe over the next two weekends, that goal will be comfortably achieved.
The disappointing 2-0 defeat at Evans' former club on Saturday saw the Stags slip out of the top seven, but only on goal difference.
Evans had a few harsh words to say afterwards and, with no midweek game, you can bet training will be fast and furious as so many quality players battle it out for a place in Saturday's starting XI against Yeovil.
It's a moot point whether Stags were 12 unbeaten before Crawley.
Does a 1-1 scoreline followed by a loss on penalties constitute a draw or a defeat?
Either way Mansfield were definitely seven League Two games unbeaten as they headed to Broadfield Stadium, but the run ended with more of a whimper than a bang.
Inevitably a small section of supporters has lost their heads on social media this week, but thankfully the sensible majority have put the drama queens back in their place.
Mansfield Town will not win every game for the rest of this season and that is a fact.
Even Steve Evans would admit things are far from perfect or as he would want them right now.
Yes, some players have not performed at their peak yet, the side do sometimes send it too long soon with good ball-playing midfielders getting by-passed and Stags are still not scoring as many goals as they should on chances created.
It is a work in progress.
But the club are in the thick of a genuine promotion challenge – a far cry from the situation during the final seasons of Paul Cox and Adam Murray.
Yeovil arrive on Saturday with boss Darren Way under extreme pressure from supporters after four defeats and a draw in their last five League Two matches left them 20th and only out the drop zone on goal difference.
Only two points above them are Morecambe, who visit the One Call Stadium a week later on the Saturday before Christmas.
After two draws and a defeat in League action, the Shrimpers pulled off a fine 2-0 home win over Coventry on Saturday without which they'd be in the relegation area today.
Ex-Stag Vadaine Oliver scored the first of those goals.
With Steve Evans' words still stinging in their ears after Saturday's defeat Mansfield will fancy a maximum haul from those two home games which will almost certainly see them in the play-off spots for Christmas.
Within a week of that Evans will then be able to start fine-tuning his side in the January window for what should be a thrilling second half of the season.
EastNets adopts AI to monitor Swift traffic for fraudulent messages
Payments processor EastNets is to apply machine learning technology to detect fraudulent payments transactions passing over the Swift network.
The new AI-based tool, en.SWPG continuously adapts its predictive models based on historical transactions. These patterns form the basis upon which future transactions are evaluated and classified.
The technology, which will be released to all client globally next month, constantly optimises the accuracy of its models, says the vendor, sorting out genuine transactions from suspicious ones, markedly reducing the number of false positives and reliance on the human factor.
Hazem Mulhim, CEO, EastNets says: “Artificial intelligence is building on old, static, rule-based systems in compliance and risk management solutions by automating customer onboarding, watch list filtering and fraud detection. en.SafeWatch PaymentGuard tackles the rising risk and magnitude of payments fraud in the financial industry by classifying transactions according to past patterns in order to detect anomalous or suspicious transactions."
The EastNets Bureau connects 260 banks to the Swift messaging network, including some of the biggest financial institutions in the Middle East. It hit the headlines in April when the ShadowBrokers hacking crew dumped a cache of old hacking tools on the Internet alongside claims that the NSA had used the highly-classified technology to infiltrate a Swift Service Bureau run by EastNets.
EastNets at the time said the published documents lacked credibility and the claims made by the hackers were "totally false and unfounded".
The EastNets tech upgrade follows the publication at the weekend of Swift's 2016 annual report which showed a 31% decline in profit to EUR47 million, following additional investments in security. In the wake of multiple hacks at Swift member banks, the interbank co-operative has tripled the size of its security team over the past three years and plans to add additional staff. Executive management goals and incentives have also been aligned with security targets.
Alfonso Pantaleon and Christian Hernandez helped lead the 2016 South Columbus Boys Soccer squad to its most successful season ever. Recently, each signed a scholarship offer to play for the St. Andrews Knights in Laurinburg, NC. St. Andrews is an NAIA school and is a member of the Appalachian Athletic Conference. The Knights had a record of 8-10 in 2016. Pantaleon and Hernandez become the first South Columbus boys to receive scholarships to play college soccer.
Pantaleon is the son of Maria and Ildefonso Pantaleon. He was named first team, All-TRC three times. Pantaleon won the South Columbus midfield award twice and accumulated over 50 points in his career.
Hernandez is the son of Maria Hernandez and the late Martin Solis. He was named the Three Rivers Conference 2016 Player of the Year and was a three-time first team All-TRC selection. Hernandez was the Stallion's MVP twice and holds the school's career mark for most points.
According to Andrew Rice, South Columbus Boys Soccer coach, Pantaleon and Hernandez have performed well in preseason action for the Knights.
Atletico Madrid's Antoine Griezmann insists he feels “great” in the Spanish capital and hailed the impact Atletico boss Diego Simeone has had on his career despite being consistently linked with a big money move to the Premier League.
Manchester United lead the chase for Griezmann, who has a 100 million euro ($ 106 million) buyout clause inserted into a new contract he signed with Atletico in June last year.
“I feel great at the club and in Madrid,” Griezmann told FIFA.com.
Any move for the Frenchman would be complicated by Atletico's reluctance to sell as they face a transfer ban on registering new players this summer and move to a new 67,000-seater stadium.
“On a personal level I'm very happy, and in football terms we're about to move to a new stadium, which is very important,” added Griezmann.
“We'll just have to see what the future brings, but for now I'm very happy here and I hope to win trophies with this club.”
Simeone is expected to remain for at least one more season at Atletico after reducing the length of his contract that was originally supposed to go to 2020 but now will run out at the end after the 2017/18 season.
And Griezmann said it is thanks to the Argentine his star has risen since joining from Real Sociedad in 2014.
“He's changed me. He's brought so many things to my game that it's hard to even begin to say what they are.
“Let's just say that I wouldn't have been regarded as one of the best players in the world if it weren't for him.
“More than anything he's helped me to be more effective in front of goal, to take every chance that comes my way, and, of course, to run and run and work hard for the team.
“You can't make it at Atletico if you don't do that.”
Northern Premier League
Premier Division
Grantham Town 1
Witton Albion 1
Grantham Town were finally rewarded for 90 minutes of unswerving, battling perseverance, with a last gasp goal in the dying seconds, against a strong Witton Albion side.
The match started in a lively fashion and never let up on a damp, overcast Saturday afternoon at The Meres.
There was little action in either box early on, with the Gingerbreads' first shot taking more than 20 minutes to appear.
Albion striker Steve Tames caught the Town defence half asleep in the second minute but his soft shot was saved by Kieran Preston's boot. Preston blocked another shot with his foot 10 minutes later, whilst Owen Dale's 20th minute header went just wide.
Grantham's first chance came a minute later but Sam Osborne's effort was blocked. Danny Meadows had an opportunity on 24 minutes but scuffed his shot, which made it easy for Witton goalkeeper Calvin Hare.
By the half hour mark, the Gingerbreads could probably guess they had met their match as play continued to be fought out in midfield, swaying from side to side.
The last two chances of the first half saw Town defender Rhys Lewis step in to end Dale's advance on goal in the 38th minute whilst, at the other end, Meadows' 40th minute cross-cum-shot was blocked to prevent top scorer Lee Shaw getting even a sniff.
Following the 15-minute break, Gingerbreads fans could have been forgiven for hoping for a more productive second half – and that is what they got.
Early opportunities saw Osborne's dangerous corner kick headed clear three minutes in and, two minutes later, Andy Wright pulled his shot just wide of the target.
On 57 minutes, Shaw raced down the right flank and squared to Jordan Hempenstall, but he was just beaten to the ball by a Witton defender.
Albion squandered a good chance to take the lead a minute later when Dale picked up a long cross-field ball but, in bags of space, somehow managed to fire wide of a virtually open goal.
Town, too, went close in the 59th minute but Hare caught Osborne's header just under the crossbar from a Meadows cross.
Another Meadows cross went to a header, this time from Hempenstall on the hour mark, but he directed it wide of the mark.
Meadows looked almost certain himself in the 62nd minute, but just could not get the slightest of touches needed to divert Shaw's cross-cum-shot goalward.
Hempenstall attempted a spectacular overhead kick a minute later but it flew over the visitors' goal.
At the other end, on 65 minutes, the dangerous Danny McKenna swung in a deft free kick from 25 yards, but fortunately Preston was equal to it and caught confidently.
Michael Hollingsworth drove over for the Gingerbreads on 70 minutes, whilst Michael Wilson headed over for Albion two minutes later – as still a goal would not come for either side.
Grantham had one more strike fly over, through Wright, before the visitors took the lead in the 76th minute. Another McKenna free kick was headed back out to Will Jones who powered into the back of the net.
Witton sat back somewhat, in an attempt to defend their slender lead for the final quarter of an hour.
Town fans held their collective breath when Shaw's delicate 84th minute header rolled slowly across the face of the Albion goal, but it refused to cross the white line. A minute later, Hempenstall's header from a corner kick was just tipped wide by Hare.
The visitors made a couple of forays into the Grantham half, with Dale firing wide on 87 minutes, and Lewis heading James Foley's effort off the goal line and over the bar a minute later.
The fourth minute of added time saw Grantham substitute Jack McGovern send his 25-yard half volley wide and the Grantham faithful must have been resigned to defeat as they glanced at their watches and phones.
But the valiant Gingerbreads rallied one more time and, in a goalmouth scramble, Lewis found the ball at his feet and fired in with aplomb to a riotous reception from the home crowd.
When referee Mr Reeson blew his whistle seconds after the kick-off, it felt somehow like a home victory. And it was a victory – a victory over capitulation, and just reward for unswerving persistence and perseverance till the very end.
Grantham Town: Preston, Potts (Hakeem 83), Luto, Lewis, Galinksi (c), Hollingsworth, Meadows, Wright (McGovern 77), Hempenstall, Shaw, Osborne (Burrows 63). Subs not used: McMenemy, Thompson.
IBM X-Force Finds over 4 Billion Records Leaked in 2016
The number of records compromised by data breaches grew an historic 566 percent in 2016 from 600 million to more than 4 billion, according to IBM Security's X-Force Threat Intelligence Index.
The leaked records include types of data that cybercriminals have traditionally targeted such as credit cards, passwords, and personal health information. But IBM also found a shift in cybercriminal strategies last year, with a number of significant breaches related to unstructured data such as email archives, business documents, intellectual property, and source code.
Spam Surges on Back of Ransomware
"Cybercriminals continued to innovate in 2016 as we saw techniques like ransomware move from a nuisance to an epidemic," said Caleb Barlow, vice president of threat intelligence, IBM Security. "While the volume of records compromised last year reached historic highs, we see this shift to unstructured data as a seminal moment. The value of structured data to cybercriminals is beginning to wane as the supply outstrips the demand. Unstructured data is big-game hunting for hackers and we expect to see them monetize it this year in new ways."
In a separate study last year, IBM Security found 70 percent of businesses impacted by ransomware paid more than $10,000 to regain access to business data and systems. In the first three months of 2016, the FBI estimated cybercriminals were paid a reported $209 million via ransomware.
IBM blamed the rise in ransomware last year on the increased willingness of enterprises to pay off cybercriminals who hijack their data. The primary delivery method for ransomware last year was via malicious attachments in spam emails, the company said.
That fueled a 400 percent increase in spam year over year, with roughly 44 percent of spam containing malicious attachments. Ransomware made up 85 percent of malicious attachments in 2016.
Shift from Healthcare Back to Financial Services
While the healthcare sector was the most attacked industry in 2015, attackers in 2016 once again focused on financial services, IBM found. While financial services was the most targeted sector last year, it was only third in terms of the number of compromised records, according to the report.
"The lower success rate versus the high volume of attacks in financial services indicates that continued investment in sustained security practices likely helped protect financial institutions," IBM said.
The healthcare industry continued to be beleaguered by a high number of incidents, although attackers focused on smaller targets resulting in a lower number of leaked records. In 2016, only 12 million records were compromised in healthcare -- keeping it out of the five most-breached industries.
Information and communication services companies and government agencies experienced the highest number of incidents and records breached in 2016, according to IBM.
The IBM X-Force Threat Intelligence Index is comprised of observations from more than 8,000 monitored security clients in 100 countries and data derived from non-customer assets, such as spam sensors and honeynets, in 2016. IBM X-Force runs network traps around the world and monitors more than 8 million spam and phishing attacks daily while analyzing more than 37 billion Web pages and images.
Electric Vehicle Maker Establishing Retail Footprint for SOLO Dealerships
VANCOUVER, BC--(Marketwired - February 15, 2017) - Electra Meccanica Vehicles Corp. (EMV), a Canadian-based designer and manufacturer of the SOLO, an all-electric single passenger vehicle developed to revolutionize the way people commute, opened its first retail Intro Store today in downtown Vancouver. Located in Bentall Centre, the Intro Store welcomes interested customers to learn more about the SOLO, talk with EMV representatives and place their reservations.
Jerry Kroll, founder and CEO of Electra Meccanica, explains, "Our stores will lay the groundwork for the distribution of the SOLO and serve as an introduction to the public of this unique, new clean energy vehicle. The stores also represent a blueprint for interested individuals who would like to own an Intro Store dealership."
"Our business is expanding quickly and we will be working with our Intro Store operators to introduce new retail locations across North America and internationally," added Mark West, President of Electra Meccanica. "Located in high foot-traffic locations, our Electra Meccanica stores are designed to engage and inform customers and show the benefits of driving electric."
Developed by Electra Meccanica, the SOLO is the first all-electric, single-seat vehicle designed to reduce traffic congestion, air pollution and vehicle operating costs. The SOLO has been engineered as a perfect vehicle for the more than 80% of drivers who commute and drive less than 50 km/36 miles per day as a single occupant. It can comfortably achieve highway speeds and has a 160 km/100-mile range on a full charge, making it the ideal supplementary vehicle that is also fun to drive. Available in four stunning colors: Titanium Silver, Electric Red, Raven Black and Arctic White, the SOLO retails at CAD$19,888 (approx. USD$15,500) and with various incentives and rebates, it is the most affordable EV in the market.
More information on ownership or becoming a SOLO retailer can be found at http://electrameccanica.com. Interact with ElectraMeccanica at Facebook/EMVSolo, @ElectraMecc and view videos on YouTube at http://bit.ly/2bigEaF.
About Electra Meccanica Vehicles Corp.
Electra Meccanica strives to be the driving force behind sustainable transport by creating the compelling mass market, all-electric SOLO. The vehicle will make the urban commute more efficient, cost-effective and environmentally friendly. The SOLO's futuristic design is powered by a 16.1 kWhs lithium-ion battery and the drive system is tuned for higher speed and mobility. With a range of 160 kms (100 miles), and a top speed of 130 kms/h (80 mph), the SOLO delivers superior performance and spirited driving.
About Bentall Centre
Located at the centre of downtown Vancouver's business district at 505 Burrard Street, Bentall Centre is one of the largest integrated office complexes in Canada, providing a first class working environment for many of Canada's leading corporations. Few other developments have had a greater impact on the architectural appearance of Vancouver. Spanning over 1.5 million square feet, Bentall Centre offers four office towers and an expansive retail mall, complete with exterior waterfalls, reflecting pools and a multitude of wide, open spaces filled with native foliage and colourful planters.
With panoramic views over Burrard Inlet, Stanley Park and the North Shore Mountains, Bentall Centre is truly a city landmark. Combining superior office space with exceptional standards of service, it remains the choice for discerning tenants and the measure by which all others are judged.
Safe Harbour Statement
Except for the statements of historical fact contained herein, the information presented in this news release constitutes "forward-looking statements" as such term is used in applicable United States and Canadian laws. These statements relate to analyses and other information that are based on forecasts of future results, estimates of amounts not yet determinable and assumptions of management. Any other statements that express or involve discussions with respect to predictions, expectations, beliefs, plans, projections, objectives, assumptions or future events or performance (often, but not always, using words or phrases such as "expects" or "does not expect", "is expected", "anticipates" or "does not anticipate", "plans, "estimates" or "intends", or stating that certain actions, events or results "may", "could", "would", "might" or "will" be taken, occur or be achieved) are not statements of historical fact and should be viewed as "forward-looking statements". Such forward looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the Company to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such risks and other factors include, among others, the actual results of activities, variations in the underlying assumptions associated with the estimation of activities, the availability of capital to fund programs and the resulting dilution caused by the raising of capital through the sale of shares, accidents, labor disputes and other risks. Although the Company has attempted to identify important factors that could cause actual actions, events or results to differ materially from those described in forward-looking statements, there may be other factors that cause actions, events or results not to be as anticipated, estimated or intended. There can be no assurance that such statements will prove to be accurate as actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such statements. Accordingly, readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements contained in this news release and in any document referred to in this news release. The Company assumes no obligation to update or supplement any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. This news release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy securities.
Image Available: http://www.marketwire.com/library/MwGo/2017/2/14/11G130301/Images/20170214_083449-39be36bde420806da44fd817e77e98a9.jpg
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) — Police have identified two women believed to be preying on and stealing from residents of nursing homes and senior living centers as Connie Coffman and Latoya McGill.
Authorities released surveillance photos of the women earlier this month. An investigation shows their crime spree against senior citizens may span six cities here in central Indiana.
Fraud and theft charges have been filed against Coffman and McGill in Marion County as of Monday. According to court documents, they walked into Miller's Senior Living Community in Indianapolis back on July 3. A resident there told staff members that one of the women came into his room and said she needed his credit card to bring him food. He let her take it but later realized she did not work there.
Shortly after that, surveillance cameras at a nearby grocery store captured the women using the man's credit card to buy merchandise and gift cards.
“Our senior citizens a lot of times are targeted. They tend to be a trustworthy demographic. They tend to be people who … if someone comes and approaches them, they usually give people the benefit of the doubt, so yeah, unfortunately these people get targeted a lot of time,” said Tim Maniscalo with the Better Business Bureau Serving Central Indiana.
He said unfortunately, it is not uncommon for his office to hear about scams and crimes like this.
According to an affidavit for probable cause filed in Marion County, the man at Miller's Senior Living Community isn't the only victim. Additional charges are expected to be filed in other communities as well.
Fishers police have identified these women as suspects in a similar case they are working. Investigators in Noblesville, Greenfield, Lawrence, Zionsville and Johnson County are looking into connections as well.
If you know where either Connie Coffman or Latoya McGill might be, call police.
National leader of the Progressives Congress ( APC ) Bola Ahmed Tinubu has reacted to the launch of the Coalition for Nigeria championed by former President Olusegun Obasanjo. Tinubu stated that it was too early to respond to movement as every Ni...
Tina Turner's firstborn son, Craig Turner, died of apparent suicide Tuesday, the Los Angeles coroner's office confirms to USA TODAY. He was 59.
Police found him dead at 12:38 p.m. of an apparent gunshot wound inside his Studio City, Calif. home, according to Ed Winter, assistant chief of investigations for the Los Angeles.coroner's department.
An autopsy is pending.
Craig worked in real estate and was Tina Turner's firstborn son, whom she had at age 18 with saxophonist Raymond Hill. Craig was adopted by Ike Turner after they wed in 1962.
Turner told Oprah Winfrey in a 2005 interview that Craig was "a very emotional kid" who offered support when she was physically abused by Ike Turner.
Craig was in high school when Turner finally left the abusive relationship with Ike.
"Before you can really help them, you have to strengthen yourself," Turner said.
Tina Turner divorced Ike in 1978. She married German music producer Erwin Bach, her partner of nearly 30 years, in 2013.
Turner and Bach were in Paris Tuesday night attending a party for Giorgio Armani Prive Haute Couture.
USA TODAY has reached out to representatives for Turner.
© 2018 USATODAY.COM
In Victoria series two episodes seven, we take a trip to Scotland with Queen Victoria. She's fed up with people trying to assassinate her in London – so she heads to the Highlands, where events get even more dramatic.
Advertisement
But what is the real history of Victoria's visit to Scotland?
Did Queen Victoria visit Scotland?
Yes – many times. Queen Victoria made a royal visit to Scotland for the first time in 1842 and toured the country with Prince Albert, spending several days in the capital at Edinburgh.
Then in September 1844 she returned to Scotland with Prince Albert and her young daughter Vicky at her side. This time she visited Blair Castle in Perthshire, where episode seven of the ITV series was actually filmed. The royal family spent a blissful three weeks walking, riding, fishing, hunting, shooting and even planting trees.
Victoria and Albert loved Scotland so much they inspired a trend for tartan and tweed across the kingdom. They returned over and over again, and after taking possession of Balmoral in 1848 they actually built a castle of their own.
Did Victoria and Albert get lost in the Scottish Highlands – and stay in a poor couple's cottage?
No. Or if they did, she certainly never mentioned it in her journal.
Queen Victoria was a keen diarist and kept detailed records of her stays in Scotland, writing exhaustively about what happened each day: whether Albert's hunting trips had been successful, who they dined with, her thoughts on the landscape, Highland pony riding, plans for scenes to sketch, details of the people she met, whether she liked them…
But she certainly never mentioned getting lost in the forest alone with Prince Albert on horseback, as depicted in ITV's Victoria. She never mentioned being forced to seek shelter with a kindly poor couple who cooked delicious trout over an open fire and let them stay the night, and there's no record of her hiding her identity as Queen and learning to darn a sock like a “normal” person.
Still – you can see where this fanciful storyline came from. What we do see in her journal is that, for her, the wild Scottish Highlands were an escape from reality.
“After the constant trying publicity we are accustomed to, it is so pleasant & refreshing, to be able, amidst such beautiful surrounding, to enjoying such complete privacy & such a simple life,” she wrote in her diary.
And while and Albert avoided getting lost, they did have an idyllic pony ride accompanied by only one servant – as close to privacy as the monarch could really get.
“When I awoke the sun was shining brightly & it lit up the mountains so beautifully,” she wrote. “At 9, we set off, both, on ponies, attended only by Lord Glenlyon's excellent servant, Sandy McAra, in his Highland dress, to go up one of the hills.
“We went through a ford, Sandy leading my pony, & Albert following closely, & then went up the hill of Tulloch straight over a very steep cabbage field, afterwards going round zigzag to the very top, the ponies scrambling up over stones & heather, & never once making a false step. The view all round was splendid & so beautifully lit up. From the top it was quite like a panorama.
“We could see the Falls of Bruar, the Pass of Killiecrankie, Ben y Gloe, & the whole range of hills behind, in the direction of Tay mouth. The house itself & the houses in the village looked like toys, from the height at which we were. It was very wonderful. We got off once or twice, & walked about. There was not a house or creature near us, only pretty Highland, black faced sheep.”
She added: “It was the most delightful, & most romantic ride & walk, I had ever had.”
Another time they cut it fine on a pony ride, with the Queen suddenly becoming worried about nightfall – “Got alarmed at seeing the sun sinking, for fear of our being benighted, & we called anxiously for Sandy to give a signal to Albert to come back. At length we got on the move, skirting the hill & the ponies went as safely & securely as possible.”
But they made it home just in time: “A long day indeed, but one which I shall not easily forget.”
And as for visiting a couple of unsuspecting-yet-kindly Highlanders at their cottage?
The only mentions of a “cottage” make clear this is no poor man's house: “We got out at the Cottage, which is pretty & beautifully situated. There are some good Landseers in the room we went into.” With paintings by Sir Edwin Henry Landseer on the walls this is not exactly a poor man's hut…
Advertisement
As she prepared to leave at the end of September, Victoria reflected on her time in Scotland: “I am so sad at thinking of leaving this charming place, & the quiet, liberty, & the pure air we have enjoyed. The action life we have been leading, peculiar in its way, has been so delightful.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A bed and breakfast in Wokingham town centre will be transformed into a hostel for the homeless.
Plans to renovate Broadway House in Shute End and convert it to house up to 10 families were approved by council planning bosses on Wednesday, August 9.
Wokingham Borough Council submitted the application, as it wants to create its own temporary accommodation for homeless families instead of paying for them to stay in expensive bed and breakfasts.
The vacant bed and breakfast was chosen because it has good access to various public transport links, schools and services.
At the meeting Simon Price, the council's housing operations manager, said: "This would provide much-needed temporary accommodation within the borough boundaries.
"Currently, we export the majority of our families to Slough, Reading and other areas. This obviously has an impact on their lives.
Number of statutorily homeless households 77 Bracknell Forest 114 Wokingham 26 West Berkshire 407 Reading Department for Communities and Local Government
"When we export a family outside the borough, that causes much disruption to the lives of those families, many who have children and many have to travel in to get to schools and other facilities."
He also said "114 households were accepted as homeless" in Wokingham in 2016/17 and "the majority of those households were with children or expecting".
When the plans were put out for consultation, people living in Wokingham raised concerns about noise and disturbance and fire safety at the hostel.
But Mr Price said the units will be managed effectively by the council and assured the committee there will be a comprehensive fire safety strategy.
There will only be three available parking spaces, but Mr Price said the council "will be mindful of parking issues and car ownership as we allocate the units".
The application was ultimately approved by a unanimous committee.
BOUCHERVILLE, QC--(Marketwired - April 18, 2017) - Sandoz Canada is pleased to announce the launch in Québec of Mosaspray™ (Mometasone Furoate Monohydrate), a nasal spray for the treatment of the symptoms of seasonal or perennial allergic rhinitis for people of 12 years of age or older, now available without a prescription, behind the pharmacy counter.
According to the Canadian Allergy, Asthma and Immunology Foundation, allergic rhinitis is a common condition, affecting approximately 20 to 25% of Canadians, and the prevalence of the condition is increasing worldwide.
"We are delighted to now be offering mometasone in a non-prescription spray and available behind-the-counter at pharmacies across Québec," says François David, Executive Director of Consumer Products for Sandoz Canada.
Non-prescription medicines such as Mosaspray™ provide patients with easier access to treatment options for common, self-treatable health conditions and symptoms such as the common cold, minor pain and allergies. They also may help to reduce healthcare costs by avoiding unnecessary physician visits.
"Both these benefits are aligned with Sandoz's purpose, which includes improving access to medicines and developing, producing and delivering high-quality products that meet patients' needs," notes Michel Robidoux, President and General Manager of Sandoz Canada.
Mosaspray™ is the first non-prescription formulation in Canada of mometasone furoate, a corticosteroid used to relieve the symptoms of allergic rhinitis, otherwise known as hay fever. These symptoms include nasal congestion, runny nose and sneezing. According to IMS**, mometasone is the No. 1 selling allergy nasal spray in Canada. Mosaspray™ will provide 24-hour non-drowsy symptoms relief to allergy sufferers, with added convenience and time-savings, particularly for those suffering from mild to moderate allergic rhinitis who do not have a prescription from their physician.
Mosaspray™ is now available without prescription in the majority of pharmacies in Québec, where it is kept behind the pharmacist's counter. It should be used only as directed.
*™ Trademark owned or used under license by Sandoz Canada Inc.
** QuintilesIMS, Canadian Drug Store & Hospital Purchases (CDH) Database, Moving annual Total ending February 2017, Rx products only
Disclaimer
The foregoing release contains forward-looking statements that can be identified by words such as "easier access" or similar terms, or regarding potential future revenues from Mosaspray™. You should not place undue reliance on these statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on the current beliefs and expectations of management regarding future events, and are subject to significant known and unknown risks and uncertainties. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. There can be no guarantee that Mosaspray™ will be submitted or approved for any additional indications or labeling in any market, or at any particular time. Nor can there be any guarantee that Mosaspray™ will receive regulatory approval or be commercially successful in the future. In particular, management's expectations regarding Mosaspray™ could be affected by, among other things, the uncertainties inherent in research and development, including unexpected clinical trial results and additional analysis of existing clinical data; unexpected regulatory actions or delays or government regulation generally; the company's ability to obtain or maintain proprietary intellectual property protection; general economic and industry conditions; global trends toward health care cost containment, including ongoing pricing pressures; unexpected manufacturing issues, and other risks and factors referred to in Novartis AG's current Form 20-F on file with the US Securities and Exchange Commission. Novartis is providing the information in this press release as of this date and does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements contained in this press release as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
About Sandoz
Sandoz Canada is part of Sandoz International GmbH and a subsidiary of Swiss multinational Novartis AG, the world's second largest producer of generic drugs. A leader in its field, Sandoz Canada develops, manufactures, markets and distributes a broad line of generic, biosimilar, consumer and specialty products.
Sandoz Global's portfolio consists of approximately 1000 molecules, covering all major therapeutic areas, accounted for 2016 sales of USD 10.1 billion. In 2016, our products reached more than 500 million patients and we aspire to reach one billion. Sandoz is headquartered in Holzkirchen, in Germany's Greater Munich area.
Sandoz is on Twitter. Sign up to follow @Sandoz_global at http://twitter.com/Sandoz_Global.
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) — Doctors and patients continue to wrestle with the possibility of medical devices being hacked. The issue came to the f…
Stardew Valley is a game much loved by fans but admittedly, it can be a little difficult for newcomers to learn the ropes. Honestly, the game does a pretty poor job of telling you what to do and even what the controls are. For many, that's a lot of the fun in the game, how you really have no set goal but instead get to do what you want each day. Some players want a little guidance in their games and that's okay too.
The title recently made its way to the Nintendo Switch which has opened up the game to wide variety of new and returning players. Whether it's your first time on the farm or you've already spent countless hours here, you likely have some questions about the game.
We're here to tell you what that exclamation point means in the right hand corner of your screen. That little symbol can quickly become annoying especially since you have a little arrow pointing to it the whole time. What that point means is you have some unread journal entries. The game doesn't do a good job of explaining how to check your journal so you're basically left with the exclamation point and no idea how to check it.
If you mess around enough with the controls, you'll discover that your right analog stick actually controls a cursor that you can use to move over to the exclamation point. From there, just click on the point and read your journal entries. It's kind of upsetting that the exclamation point is as simple as this but that's the way it goes sometimes. At least you know how to get rid of the notification now.
The journal entries basically act as a tutorial for the game and give you some basic hints of what to do to get started in the game. Ironically, we probably could've used a tutorial on how to get to the tutorial in the first place.
Stardew Valley is out now for Xbox One, PS4, Nintendo Switch and PC.
Police responded to a deadly crash at Warm Springs Road and Stephanie Street on March 13, 2017. (Source: LVACS)
A 54-year-old man who died after a crash involving five vehicles in Henderson on Monday was identified.
The Clark County Coroner's Office said Paul John Petronsky Jr. died as a result of the incident. His cause and manner of death remained pending Tuesday.
According to Henderson police, Petronsky was behind the wheel of a white BMW that lost control and struck multiple vehicles at the intersection of West Warm Springs Road and North Stephanie Street at 1:46 p.m.
Police believe the driver of the vehicle suffered a medical episode. Officers removed the man from the vehicle and began CPR. The person was then taken to Henderson Hospital, where he was pronounced dead.
Another person was taken to St. Rose Dominican Hospital - Rose de Lima Campus with non-life threatening injuries.
Police do not believe speed and alcohol were factors in the case.
The incident resulted in the closure of the area for about three hours.
#TrafficAlert Avoid the area of Stephanie & Warm Springs due to a traffic crash. Intersection will be shut down several hours for invest. — Henderson Police (@HendersonNVPD) March 13, 2017
#TrafficAlert Update: 1 fatality & 1 transported to local hospital. Warm Springs & Stephanie intersection to be shut down for several hours. — Henderson Police (@HendersonNVPD) March 13, 2017
Stay with FOX5 and fox5vegas.com for updates.
Copyright 2017 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
CHARLOTTE, N.C. – Hornets season ticket holder Doug Doggett was planning on ponying up several hundred dollars for tickets to the NBA All-Star game this weekend in Charlotte.
But since the league has moved its annual showcase to New Orleans, Doggett now has no plans to watch the game on TV.
Charlotte won't be a ghost town this weekend, but it sure won't be buzzing like many had hoped when the NBA awarded the city the 2017 All-Star game. The league moved the event last summer after North Carolina politicians failed to repeal House Bill 2, a law that passed last March that limits the protections of LGBT people.
As a result, Doggett – like other Charlotte residents and businesses – has been left out in the cold, looking for ways to enjoy this weekend. There is an Equestrian Trade Show in town, though it's not generating the same level of excitement.
Vernon Jackson, also a season ticket holder, said he was looking forward to seeing the All-Star game in person but now only plans to watch when Charlotte's Kemba Walker participates in the 3-point contest.
“I'll watch Kemba, but as for the game itself – probably not much,” Jackson said.
Walker – Charlotte's first All-Star since Gerald Wallace seven years ago – shares the fans' pain. He won't be showing off his skills in front of his home crowd.
“I have been here a long time, and it would have been really cool for the city, the organization, the fans and even me,” Walker said.
Walker and the fans aren't the only ones disappointed.
Charlotte area hotels, restaurants and other businesses stand to lose out on the $100 million impact of the game, according to Hornets COO and president Fred Whitfield. Before the league moved the game, it was almost impossible to find a hotel in downtown Charlotte near the arena for this coming weekend. Now, the Westin is offering rooms starting as low as $90 per night.
Hickory Tavern, a sports bar/restaurant where fans regularly gather for Hornets “viewing parties,” and other local bars have mostly cancelled All-Star themed events and aren't expecting nearly as big crowds.
The Charlotte Convention Center was going to host many of the events, including the interactive NBA All-Star Experience. Now the biggest event on the center's calendar this weekend is the International Equestrian Trade Show.
“There are a lot of business leaders that would like to see a resolution to HB2 and there are a lot business leaders who have had ongoing discussions with leaders of the Senate and the House, asking them to work together to get a resolution,” Whitfield said.
NBA Commissioner Adam Silver said in October that returning the All-Star Game to Charlotte in 2019 is “a high priority,” provided there's a resolution to the so-called bathroom bill, which limits which restrooms transgender people can use in government buildings and schools.
But that's no guarantee.
Newly elected Democratic Gov. Roy Cooper wants to repeal the law, but so far attempts to do so with the GOP-controlled legislature have failed. A federal trial to decide the legality of HB2 is scheduled to begin this summer.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Trader Peter Tuchman works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Friday, Feb. 2, 2018. Technology companies were leading stocks broadly lower in early trading, extending the market's slide into a second day.
U.S. stocks fell sharply on Friday after a stronger-than-expected jobs report sent interest rates higher, with major indexes on track for their worst weekly performance in two years, CNBC reported.
The Dow was down 665.75 points at the closing bell, with the 30-stock index falling below 26,000 to its lowest point since Jan. 16.
"The key for the market today is rising interest rates," said Mike Baele, managing director at U.S. Bank Wealth Management. "The old adage is: 'Bull markets don't die of old age, they are killed by higher interest rates.' That looms large."
The Federal Reserve has forecast three rate hikes for 2018, though market observers thought it was now possible the Fed could raise rates four times this year.
Odell Beckham grabbed headlines on Day 1 of training camp a couple weeks ago when he said he wanted to be the NFL's highest-paid player. But since then, the only grabbing the New York Giants star wide receiver has been doing involves catching a football in ridiculous fashion. In other words, Odell Beckham is still doing Odell Beckham things.
RELATED: NFL football is back tonight! (Sort of)
Check out this clip of Beckham hauling in an Eli Manning pass from Monday's practice that instantly went viral:
L.
O.
L.
That catch came a day after he made another amazing grab in a team scrimmage. Check out this video, which contains two seconds of Beckham wowing the crowd with a catch, and two minutes of him dancing:
Like we said, Odell Beckham is still doing Odell Beckham things.
RELATED: Mayweather-McGregor looms in our weekly sports superlatives
WATCH MORE VIDEOS FROM THE LOOP
TROY — Troy City Council got its first look of the city's new brand and logo at its regular meeting on Monday at City Hall.
Troy Area Chamber of Commerce's Kathi Roetter presented the city's brand initiative as part of the Activate Troy Partnership.
Roetter explained how the rebranding process was born through the America's Best Community contest and was addressed through the Downtown Riverfront study performed by MKSK. The former city logo was owned by the Chamber of Commerce and was used by the city for more than 25 years. The rebranding process began about one year ago, Roetter said.
“It became evident that we didn't have a cohesive Troy brand… we really didn't have a story, we had different organizations telling stories, we had the city telling its story,” she said. “We can't recruit people or tell people how great Troy is if we can't tell that story cohesively.”
President of Council Marty Baker asked if the logo presentation including the city's new tagline “Make It Yours” would be available online. The slideshow of the design process will be posted to the city's website and Roetter's presentation will be online on the city's YouTube channel.
No other council members commented about the new logo and design at the council meeting. Council member Robin Oda was not present.
City council did not have input on the design process since it was not subject to legislation. The city contributed $12,500 towards the total cost of the reported $63,525. Roetter said approximately 400 people participated in a variety of feedback which the design firm used to design the logo.
Baker also asked for the partnership to name all the contributors who helped fund the rebranding project. The rebranding project was also funded by the Troy Foundation, Troy Chamber of Commerce, Troy Main Street, Troy Development Council and Troy Community Works.
The logo will appear on city vehicles, signage, way-finding signs and the city's new high-service water tower on Stanfield. The logo has appeared on the city's water bill.
The ‘O' in Troy mimics the state of Ohio flag's ‘O' as well as the ‘O' from the Mumford and Sons Stopover tour in 2013 and the Public Square. The ‘O' can also be filled with the traditional strawberry image to promote the Troy Strawberry Festival. The color orange pays homage to the Hobart family and its impact on the local industry. The color navy blue is from the State of Ohio flag and “asserts the warm, modern professionalism of Troy,” according to the press release.
Nicole Loy, Troy Main Street executive director, gave a mid-year report of the organization's activities. Loy said the organization is in a “good position so far” funds from the Donut Jam drink sales and in-kind donation will be needed fund the rest of the year's free to the public events. Loy also reported 117 spaces are available in downtown Troy, 108 are occupied with nine vacancies currently of which are under construction or under contract to be filled.
“Troy Main Street works hard to keep downtown Troy an energetic place to be,” Loy said. She thanked council for their contribution and support for the year.
President Marty Baker asked if outside support helps Troy Main Street. Loy said sponsors are listed on a variety of literature, its website and on banners at events.
Council member John Terwilliger said Loy has been helpful in the Mayor's Cycling committee and keeps information and kiosks up to date.
“She's an asset to our community and is doing, in my opinion, a very nice job,” he said.
Council member Todd Severt asked city staff how much the city funds Troy Main Street, which is $55,000 per year.
Loy shared how local businesses can have a booth at the Farmers' Market for one week at no cost. The organization also allowed the Miami East FFA to have a booth at no cost and is working with Troy City and Troy Christian Schools on a smiliar program.
Troy Main Street is also working with the city on way-finding signage to direct bike and walking traffic throughout downtown.
A public hearing regarding the annual tax budget was held at the beginning of council's agenda. No comments were made at the meeting.
The following resolutions were adopted:
R-24-2018 Annual Tax Budget (Emergency)
R-25-2018 Small Business Development Loan to ADM Real Estate Holdings LLC for $50,000 (Emergency) The funds are being requested to help with exterior renovation of the Wasserman building on 9-11 East Main.
R-26-2018, R-27-2018, R-28-2018 Delcamp Annexation of 10.284 acres Statement of services, buffering requirements and consent (Emergency) The property is located north of the Creekwood subdivision in Concord Twp.
R-29-2018 Bid Concrete Drive Replacement Project at Fire Station No. 3 not to exceed $135,000.
R-30-2018 Resolution of necessity, sidewalk replacement program Phase 11
The following ordinances were adopted:
O-9-2018 Repealing the rezoning application to rezone 8.015 acres from Single Family residential back to agricultural residential district. A public hearing was held on June 18.
O-30-2018 Ordinance of assessment for the sidewalk replacement program Phase 9
O-31-2018 Ordinance of assessment for the sidewalk replacement program Phase 10
The following ordinances will have a public hearing at the City Council meeting at 7 p.m. on July 16 for public input:
O-32-2018 Rezoning of Parcel No. D08-104502, 1823 Peters Road, R-1, Single-Family Residential to R-3, Single Family Residential District First reading. A public hearing will be held on July 16.
O-33-2018 Rezoning of IL 10797 on Washington Road from County Zoning of A-2, General Agriculture To City Zoning of R-3, Single Family Residential District. First Reading. A public hearing will be held July 16.
By Melanie Yingst myingst@troydailynews.com
Reach Melanie Yingst at myingst@troydailynews.com
Reach Melanie Yingst at myingst@troydailynews.com
Joe Boland of Kildare Co. Co., Cllrs. Ivan Keatley, and Aoife Breslin, Artist Fifi Smith who designed the monument, Kildare Mayor Martin Miley, Sean Cleary of Timolin Tidy Towns, and TD's Fiona O'Loughlin and Martin Heydon
airéad Connellan, Keith Pearson, Sinéad Hanrahan
Jude and Mairéad Connellan with their 1903 Curved Dash Oldsmobile
Martin and Ethan Rowley in their 1916 Reo
Committee of the Gordon Bennett Classic Car Run, David Clegg, Neil Yearsley, Michael McCormack, tom Treacy, Dain Fleming, Joyce Chambers, and George Dalton, pictured at the new Spirit of Gordon Bennett' monument, unveiled at Timolin, Thursday evening June 28
Benny O'Gorman with one his vintage cars
Artist Fifi Smith who designed the monument, and Sean Cleary of Timolin Tidy Towns, at the unveiling of the new ‘The Spirit of Gordon Bennett' monument
Catherine Kane, Sheila and Vinney Farrell, Buddy and Evelyn Kavanagh
May Mulhall, Mary Browne, Avril Gillatt
‘Pikemen' Chris and Billy Kane, John Clynch, Tadgh Miley, John Dunne, John Duffy, and Johnny Howard
Quill.com honored with gold award
hello
MDR, a division of Dun & Bradstreet, and Quill.com, an online business and medical product marketplace for small and medium sized businesses and subsidiary of Staples Inc., announced gold honors in the 2017 MarCom Awards, an international competition administered and judged by the Association of Marketing and Communication Professionals.
Providing busy professionals with every product they need to run their businesses since 1965, the e-commerce company, Quill.com, has been increasing brand awareness in the education community in recent years. Wanting to make a big impact during the 2016-2017 back-to-school season, the company, in partnership with MDR, an education marketing agency and school data expert serving the K-12 marketplace, designed a digital media campaign showcasing some of its most popular products aiming to increase positive brand awareness, engage educators and create referral traffic to their e-commerce site.
"We are excited to receive this recognition for Quill's education resources," said Jamie Bajgert, Quill.com marketing manager. "At Quill.com, we strive to provide the teacher and educator community with access to products and content to help them create a positive learning environment in their classrooms." Quill.com is based in Lincolnshire.
Together with MDR, Quill.com nominated the initiative in the digital marketing category of the marketing/promotion campaign track of the award program for its engaging and successful digital media campaign during the 2017 back to school season. Leveraging WeAreTeachers, MDR's online educator community with nearly 2 million Facebook followers, the campaign featured a sponsored article, a short slideshow video for social media, online engagement with the WeAreTeachers community and an accompanying bulletin board contest giving teachers the chance to win a shopping spree.
"At MDR, we are committed to partnering with top companies, such as Quill.com, to help them deepen their connection with educators around the country," said Kristina James, director of marketing, MDR. "We congratulate them for earning this recognition for their campaign to increase educator engagement with their brand."
Hike4Hopey Team Set Off On 333 Mile Challenge
A group of Newcastle United fans are making a special journey home from the match against Ipswich this week.
Hike4Hopey is a 333 mile charity walk from the statue of Sir Bobby at Portman Road, Ipswich, to his statue at St James' Park in Newcastle.
A group of nine walkers are fundraising for the Sir Bobby Robson Foundation, in memory of Control Firefighter, Lee Hope, who died from cancer aged just 33.
Lee's brother, Scott Hope, and his widow, Amy Richardson, are among the group undertaking the challenge.
Lee's been speaking to Capital's reporter Anna Harding.
You can follow their progress on their Twitter page here
And to donate, you can visit their JustGiving Page
Chicago Red Stars trade international slot for draft pick
hello
This is the new Chicago Red Stars logo for the 2017 NWSL season.
The Chicago Red Stars swapped one of their international roster spots for another selection in the 2018 women's soccer draft, team officials announced Tuesday.
The Red Stars will send their 2017 international slot to Orlando in exchange for the Pride's second-round pick in the 2018 NWSL College Draft.
The trade gives the Red Stars eight picks in the four-round 2018 draft next January. The Red Stars now have two picks in both the first and third rounds, four in the second round, and one in the fourth round.
Capcom
Monster Hunter World‘s egg quests are perhaps some of the most aggravating quests in the entire game. You have to carry an egg as fragile as a celebrity's ego across the map while its mother chases after you. Yet they are a necessary evil as completing them will add new ingredients to the Canteen as well as potentially upgrading it.
They're not actually all that bad, however, if you take heed of the following tips.
1. Bring Friends
This is the most important tip you can follow. Bringing fellow hunters along with you makes things much easier. The egg breaks if you're attacked by a monster, so having friends along to defeat monsters ensures that the person carrying the egg is safe.
You can also try having two people carry eggs so that there's double the chance that you'll get one to camp if not both. But only do this when you have at least three or four people.
If your squad isn't available, then head to the Quest Board and respond to an SOS to see if anybody is attempting an egg quest. That way you'll both get the rewards.
2. Chased by a Monster? Kill it!
When you snatch the egg, chances are that the egg's mother will be right on your tail. This can take the form of lowly herbivores to massive wyverns. So if you have a monster chasing after you, just kill or capture it. This will put it out of commission for the rest of the quest. Plus, you'll get whatever materials the monster is carrying. It may be a bit sad to take down the egg's mother, but those eggs aren't going to steal themselves now are they?
3. Wear Armor with the Pro Transporter Skill
The Pro Transporter skill increases your speed while holding items and decreases the chance that you'll drop them. This is essential to a successful egg quest. Otherwise you'll have to be mindful of rough terrain.
One piece of armor with the skill you can get early on is the arm armor made from the Kulu-Ya-Ku. Once you unlock charms, you can craft one that has the skill.
4. Be Mindful of Stamina Loss
If you lose all your stamina while sprinting, you'll drop the egg. So be sure to keep an eye on your stamina meter and stop sprinting when you need to.
To boost the amount of stamina you have, eat a stamina-boosting meal at the Canteen. You can also cook some meat on the BBQ spit and eat that to extend your stamina. If you have Dash Juice, you can use that as well to reduce your stamina. Dash Juice can be crafted from catalysts and Dash Extract from Tzitzi-Ya-Ku. You can also wear armor with the Marathon Runner skill.
5. Slide Whenever You Can
If you find yourself being chased by a monster, you can put some distance between yourself and them by sliding. If you see a steep hill, sprint in order to slide down it. Be sure you have armor with the Pro Transporter skill so that you don't break the egg.
6. Find More Camps
To deliver an egg, you need to head to drop it off at the Supply Box at a camp. So the more campsites you find, the better chance you have of delivering an egg. Campsites can be found through expeditions or by joining multiplayer quests and arriving at a campsite you haven't been to. Then just complete the delivery quest to establish the campsite.
7. You Can Dodge
You can dodge while holding an egg in addition to sprinting, climbing, and sliding. So if a monster attack is about to hit you, dodge at just the right time to avoid it and keep the egg safe.
8. You Can't Do Certain Things While Holding an Egg
If you're holding an egg, you not only can't attack but can't move through thick vines and other obstacles. That means the shortcuts available to you for reaching camp sooner and escaping monsters aren't available to you.
9. Have the Scoutflies Lead You to Camp
After you grabbed an egg and are safe from monsters, you can open up the map and mark the nearest camp by clicking in the right control stick. Then the scoutflies will lead you right to camp. However, some memory of the map design is necessary to navigate it as you won't have access to certain transportation methods.
10. Try to Stun Monsters
If you haven't killed a monster yet and need a quick getaway, you can try stunning the monster. This can be done by hitting the monster in the head with a hammer or by using a Flashbug to craft slinger ammo that blinds the target. You can also try paralyzing the monster with various weapons or the paralysis coating for bows.
For more help with Monster Hunter World, be sure to visit our tag in Heavy‘s gaming section.
Welcome to the Dew Sweeper's U.S. Open rundown, your one-stop shop to catch up on the weekend action from the golf world. From the professional tours, trending news, social media headlines and upcoming events, here's every golf-related thing you need to know for the morning of June 15.
Pace-of-play issues loom
Golf is making a concerted effort across the sport to speed play up...except, apparently, at the U.S. Open. During the USGA's Wednesday press conference, officials stated the allotted time for threesomes will be four hours and 52 minutes. However, that time is mostly factoring in the length of holes and distance from green to tee. Forecasts call for wind and rain on Friday, elements that will undoubtedly slow the proceedings up. Lord only knows what trials await those that find the fescue. Coupled with other considerations -- a wealth of blind shots, formidable pin placements -- some caddies are predicting six-hour rounds.
Complaints about slow play from the pros is nothing new, the topic momentarily grabbing the spotlight last year at Oakmont. And for those at home, the issue can be relatively solved with skillful editing and player-to-player transitioning. Nevertheless, for a course making its national debut, facilitating a sluggish pace is not an ideal first impression.
Pinterest Todd Warshaw/Getty Images
Phil's final game plan
Although many are praying for a dramatic entrance, it appears Phil Mickelson is resigning himself to reality. With Thursday's forecast calling for tame conditions, the six-time U.S. Open runner-up told Tim Rosaforte he won't wait until the last minute to cancel his cross-country plans.
“I know the forecast isn't looking good, so I'll most likely wait to make sure they tee off in the morning,” Mickelson said. “If the forecast continues to look good [for later in the day], I'll withdraw first thing in the morning (California time)."
Of course, Phil does have a flair for theatrics. Until alternate Roberto Diaz's ball is in the air, we aren't counting him out.
Pinterest Gregory Shamus
Azinger's blunt Rory assessment
Give the man credit: Paul Azinger speaks his mind, and with conviction. During FOX's Wednesday coverage, Zinger jumped on the Johnny Miller Train, claiming a correlation between Rory McIlroy's injuries and his workout regimen.
“Pudgy Rory never got hurt, but fit Rory's getting hurt a lot," Azinger said. "I question fitness. If you think fitness makes you better it probably makes you better. But I guess there's a point of diminishing return, if you're not careful.”
McIlroy's far from the first golfer to be targeted for his efforts in the gym. Nevertheless, given the 28-year-old's growing medical history, Azinger's point may gain momentum as the weekend rolls along.
Of course, one of the inherent beauties of sports is the ability to let your play speak for itself. If the wet forecasts hold true, McIlroy is on the short list of players likely holding the trophy at tournament's end. A better response -- or, ahem, zinger -- we cannot think.
Pinterest David Cannon
The known unknown of Erin Hills
On the tournament's eve, the only certitude gleaned from the practice rounds is...well, that nobody knows what the hell to expect. Some assert the rugged terrain and penal fescue will eat the field alive. Others maintain, with soggy conditions and wide-open fairways, the winning score could better 10-under par.
Because of this ambiguity, a sense of trepidation has swept over the event, with many -- including the USGA -- praying things go off without a hitch. Though it doesn't match the excitement of the Masters, or an Open at Oakmont or claret jug visit to St. Andrews, the nervous energy is thrilling in its own right, similar to the buzz before a big-time boxing match. Which, considering the physical and psychological blows this tournament delivers, is apropos.
The next four days will deliver the final verdict, but Erin Hills and the circus it's hosting have built considerable intrigue. And without hype, most fights are for naught. Ring the bell, and let the games begin.
WATCH MORE U.S. OPEN VIDEOS
