AFTER a weekend of scorching temperatures, Sydney's freakish autumn heatwave will give way to a week of heavy showers and persistent rain.
While the wet weather and cooler temperatures will bring relief to the city, falls are expected to be minimal over the bushfire-ravaged NSW south coast.
Camera Icon Sydney is in for a wet week. Picture: News Corp Australia
The fire-struck town of Tathra, where 69 homes were destroyed and 39 damaged by Sunday's bushfire, isn't expected to get much rain relief, with 2-8 millimetres falling on Thursday.
Sydney yesterday was short of hitting a record three consecutive March days of above 30 degree temps following a weekend where conditions hit almost 40 degrees in the city, some 15 degrees above average for autumn.
Newcastle, the Central Coast and Lower Hunter regions should be prepared for heavy rain with flash flooding warnings being issued..
Today's forecast will see Sydney reach a maximum of 27C, with up to eight millimetres of rain heralding much larger falls into the week.
Tomorrow will see 15-25 mm and Thursday 25-45 millimetres, the Bureau of Meteorology said.
Temperatures will be in the range of 23C reaching 26C before climbing to 30C on Sunday with showers predicted up until Monday.
Student societies sent unsolicited packages containing everything from electronics to sex toys
Some of the items that have mysteriously been sent to Camosun College Students Society in recent weeks. (Photo submitted)
A pair of Victoria student societies are on the receiving end of what would appear to be an expensive practical joke.
Student societies at the University of Victoria and Camosun College have been receiving mysterious parcels in recent weeks, containing everything from electronic items to sex toys.
“I wouldn't say anything's worth over $50 at this point, but it's pretty substantial,” said Michael Glover, Camosun Student Society services co-ordinator. “We got a turntable that plugs into USB, but none of us have any records.”
He said they've probably received 30 or 40 items in all over the past three months or so, all coming in Amazon packaging.
“We've talked to Amazon to try and find out what's going on and they're as perplexed as we are,” said Glover.
Pierre-Paul Angelblazer, UVic Student Society's interim director of outreach and university relations, said they have also been receiving numerous packages for the past few weeks.
“They're generally fairly valuable things,” he said, adding the first packages were donated to the campus food bank.
“We're continuing to get the packages but we're just turning them away and having them shipped back to Amazon. We're not opening the boxes anymore.”
Glover says Victoria schools aren't alone in receiving the mysterious packages, as he's heard of schools around B.C. and across the country who have been receiving them.
He said the student society hasn't decided what to do with all of the merchandise that includes a dash cam, a pair of HDTV antennas, fishing tackle and sex toys.
“We've got about $1,000 worth of merchandise here. If they're sending them to 100 student unions, that's $100,000 [not including the shipping],” he said. “Amazon is winning, someone is winning, but what all this junk is for … I have no idea. We'll go fishing later? Some lucky student will win a vibrator?”
Glover said the latest shipment arrived on Thursday, and the student society is just waiting for the issue to resolve itself.
“For us it's kind of neat – it's like ‘Oh, what did we get today?' And if you need an HDTV antenna in black or white, we're your guy.”
Bath Rugby will face London Irish, Newcastle Falcons, Leicester Tigers and Ospreys in the Anglo-Welsh Cup next season.
The fixtures for the competition which pits Premiership teams against the four Welsh regions are now on the Premiership Rugby website.
In the Anglo-Welsh, clubs are placed in pools of four but instead of playing teams from their own pool, they face all of those from another pool and their records are compared to those in the same pool.
The top team from each pool progresses to the semi-finals.
Bath will travel to London Irish on Saturday, November 4 (3pm) and host Tigers at 7.45pm on Friday, November 10.
(Image: Ian Johnson/Taking Pictures (Sport) Ltd)
Falcons will be the opponents at the Rec on January 26, 27 or 28 and the Blue, Black and Whites' final pool match will be away to Ospreys on February 2, 3 or 4.
They will be in the same pool, and pit their record, against Wasps, Gloucester and Cardiff Blues.
If previous seasons are anything to go by, the Anglo-Welsh team will be largely made up of academy players, youngsters and those outside the Premiership and Champions Cup first team.
For all the the fixtures visit the Premiership Rugby website.
With Super Bowl weekend upon us, we take a look back at some of the most memorable finishes to the big game since the turn of the century.
5. Super Bowl XXXVI — Vinatieri Kickstarts The Dynasty
All the way back in 2002, the Patriots were actually underdogs and America's team, trying to knock off a recent Super Bowl Champion – funny how the script flipped over the years. Just months after the September 11th Terrorist Attacks, the Patriots won their first Super Bowl title in franchise history on the foot of Adam Vinatieri's 48-yard field goal as time expired.
4. Super Bowl XLIII — Santonio Holmes' Corner Catch
Who can forget this one? Not only was it one of the purest displays of athleticism, Santonio Holmes' touchdown catch was the capper to what had already been a wild Super Bowl. Ben Roethlisberger led the Steelers down the field for the late score right after Larry Fitzgerald went streaking down the field to give the Cardinals a lead with a little more than two minutes to play.
3. Super Bowl XXXIV — Dyson Falls Short
As the millennium turned, NFL fans were falling in love with the upstart Tennessee Titans. Less than three years after making the move from Houston — and less than one year after shedding the ‘Oilers' moniker — the Titans found themselves in the Super Bowl for the first time in franchise history and wound up in one of the best Super Bowl finishes in recent memory. On the penultimate play of the game, Steve McNair scrambled to stay on his feet and deliver a first-down strike to Kevin Dyson, who moments later would lay stretched out, just one yard short of sending the game to overtime.
2. Super Bowl LI — Edelman's Circus Catch Keeps Pats' Rally Alive
In what was surely the most memorable Super Bowl in recent history, Julian Edelman wowed us all with this catch. It was the Patriots' equivalent of the Super Bowl moment that takes the top spot on this list.
1. Super Bowl XXXVIII David Tyree's Helmet Catch
Though Tom Brady and Bill Belichick probably want to forget this one, I doubt they ever could. Nobody is likely to forget this moment. From Eli's desperate scramble, to Tyree's sticky hands, this play kept the Giants' hopes afloat and sunk the Pats' quest for an undefeated season. This set up Manning's loft to Plaxico Burress with less than a minute remaining.
“It always puzzles me why people living in small quarters, apartments, have this kind of dogs. I don't know why they do it, it must be to provide some sort of status - my dog is bigger than your dog,” said Judge Kevin P. Kilrane prior to instructing
Elizabeth O'Reilly, 31 Riverside Apartments, Ballinamore to return to Court with €648 in compensation.
Ms O'Reilly appeared before last week's sitting of Carrick-on-Shannon District Court charged with being the owner of an uncontrolled dog at Canal Road, Ballinamore on March 25, 2017.
Giving summary evidence Insp Denis Harrington told the court a report was received by Gardai in relation to a dog being attacked the previous night along the canal in Ballinamore.
Giving evidence Gda Jimmy Stenson said the attack caused “Extensive damage to a terrier dog.”
He added that the Ms O'Reilly's dog, an Akita, is on the dangerous dogs list and was not wearing a muzzle or leashed.
The court heard Ms O'Reilly contacted the owners of the injured animal who said they wouldn't press matters further if the dog was put down and the vet bills paid.
Addressing the court the injured party said, “My dog was a small Jack Russell. The other was like a small calf. The vet said at least he got the right part, if he got the head he was a goner.”
Offering an apology, Ms O'Reilly said, “I do really apologise about what happened. It was late at night.”
Judge Kilrane adjourned matters until January 24 “to have the entire amount paid. “If it is, I may deal with it without a conviction.”
BRAZIL'S national Olympic committee (COB) and its head Carlos Nuzman were provisionally suspended by the International Olympic Committee on Friday, a day after the 75-year-old was arrested in Rio de Janeiro in connection with a corruption investigation.
However, the IOC said in a statement Brazilian athletes would not be affected and Team Brazil would be able to take part at next year's Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang.
Nuzman, a former IOC member and now honorary member, is accused of arranging more than $2 million in bribes to get the IOC to pick Rio de Janeiro as host of the 2016 Olympic Games and faces allegations including corruption and money-laundering.
Rio was awarded the Games in 2009, successfully bidding against Chicago, Tokyo and Madrid.
The IOC said it had “taken note and discussed the circumstances of the allegations against and the arrest of Mr Carlos Nuzman, in particular concerning the vote for the host city of the Olympic Games by the IOC Session in 2009”.
It said Nuzman would provisionally lose all the “the rights, prerogatives and functions” deriving from his IOC status and that he would be withdrawn from the coordination commission for the 2020 Tokyo Olympics.
The COB was suspended because it was responsible for Rio's bid to stage the Games, the IOC said. As a result, subsidies and payments from the IOC have been frozen.
“This decision shall not affect the Brazilian athletes,” it added. “The IOC will accept a Brazilian Olympic Team in the Olympic Winter Games Pyeongchang 2018 and in all other competitions under the umbrella of the COB with all rights and obligations.”
The COB in Rio de Janeiro said it did not immediately have any comment to make when contacted by Reuters.
In August 2016, IOC President Thomas Bach awarded the organisation's highest honour, the Olympic Order in gold, to Nuzman, praising his work for the Rio Games.
Nuzman is the latest official to be involved in ongoing corruption investigations.
Frankie Fredericks, another IOC member, has temporarily stepped down from his posts pending the results of those investigations. He denies any wrongdoing.
Senior IOC member Patrick Hickey, who has also vehemently denied any wrongdoing, has imposed a self-suspension since he was involved in an Irish Olympic Committee ticket scandal and in September resigned from the IOC Executive Board.
Nelio Machado, a lawyer for Nuzman, told reporters on Thursday that the vote-buying accusations were unfounded.
Brazilian police first raided Nuzman's home in September and accused him of paying a $2 million bribe to the son of Lamine Diack, a former IOC member from Senegal and former head of the international athletics federation (IAAF).
Both Diack and his son have denied the allegations. Namibian Fredericks has admitted receiving money from Diack's son but has said it was for professional services rendered.
Marcelo Bretas, the federal judge who authorised the arrests, said on Thursday that new evidence indicated that Nuzman's role in the alleged vote-buying scheme was “more relevant” than previously thought.
March 29 ORTIVUS AB
* TO CARRY OUT RIGHTS ISSUE OF ABOUT SEK 22.8 MILLION
* SUBSCRIPTION PRICE IS SET AT SEK 2.20 PER NEW B-SHARE
* SUBSCRIPTION PERIOD TO TAKE PLACE FROM MAY 30 2017 TO 15 JUNE 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
An East Texas church is going the extra mile to help those in need this Super Bowl Sunday.
As a part of Souper Bowl of Caring the First Presbyterian Church in Tyler has been collecting canned goods since the beginning of January.
A competition among Sunday School Classes has led to the collection of over 7,000 cans.
“This is a very tangible way for them to help and to see what their hard work promoting and pushing this can do,” says Neil McKown, the youth minister at First Presbyterian. “Just by putting their minds to it, by asking by talking to people and by sharing that there are real issues in our community.”
The cans will be picked up by PATH, People Attempting To Help, on Sunday.
First Presbyterian has collected enough cans to stock the food pantry for one week and feed 440 families.
For more information about the Souper Bowl of Caring or to make a donation head to their website.
FRANKFURT It would make sense if the U.S. economy continues to grow for the Federal Reserve to begin trimming its $4.5 trillion balance sheet toward the end of this year, unwinding extraordinary stimulus deployed during the crisis, a Fed policymaker said on Thursday.
John Williams, president of the San Francisco Federal Reserve Bank, said this process would take several years and run in parallel, albeit for longer, to increases in the Fed's interest rates.
"It would make sense to take the next step in terms of starting the normalization process of our balance sheet," Williams told reporters on the sidelines of a conference in Frankfurt.
"My own view would be towards the end of this year would be a good time to take that next step, assuming the economy progresses."
The Fed bought Treasury and mortgage-backed bonds on an unprecedented scale in the wake of the financial crisis to help keep interest rates low to spur hiring and growth.
It is currently reinvesting the money it gets from maturing bonds, thereby keeping the size of its balance sheet unchanged.
But the U.S. economy is now growing at a healthy clip and Fed rate setters discussed whether to phase out or halt reinvestments all at once at their March 14-15 meeting, at which they also voted to raise interest rates.
Williams, who is close to Fed Chair Janet Yellen, said any such move would be communicated in advance, may start gradually and may take around five years.
He added the Fed's balance sheet needed to come down significantly from its current size but no decision had been made on its desired level.
"We can end at $2 trillion plus or minus and the process of ending reinvestments will take several years," he said.
"The number of years we are thinking about… is something like five years."
Williams, who regains a vote on the Fed's policy committee next year under a rotation, repeated his expectation that the Fed will cut rates twice more this year but added there was a possibility of a third rate hike if inflation data held up.
This would take the total number of rate hikes for this year to four.
(Editing by Jeremy Gaunt.)
Strings Poster
Contact
Wagz Film & Broken Birdie Productions
***@gmail.com Wagz Film & Broken Birdie Productions
End
-- Broken Birdie Productions in association with Wagz Film is proud to announce the release of Strings, a music-driven drama in the style of Country StrongAlmost Famousand Eddie and the Cruisers.Strings stars country music singer, Jason Michael Carroll, and actress/singer, Katie Garfield. The film is directed by Robert Wagner and Patrick Dunnagan, and written by Adam Tarsitano.Synopsis: After years of paying his dues in every bar from New York to Pennsylvania, rocker Jimmy Ford trades in his rock n' roll fantasy for the bright lights of Nashville. Success proves elusive until Malinda Price, an up-and-coming country singer, takes an interest in him. But just as his career and personal life begin to take off his past comes calling, reminding him there are always strings attached.Jason Michael Carroll, whose top 40 hits include Alyssa Lies, LivinOur Love Songand I Can Sleep When Im Deadstars as Jimmy Ford. He also wrote or co-wrote the soundtrack for the film, which will soon be available for download through multiple digital music outlets. Katie Garfield, who stars as Malinda Price, is a singer-songwriter/actor who has had multiple song placements on shows like "Reign", "Riverdale" and "Teen Wolf". As an actress she has had guest-star roles on hit TV shows like "Nashville", "Sleepy Hollow", "The Vampire Diaries" and "Under the Dome", and played Catherine Turner in The Birth of a Nation.Strings was proudly produced and filmed entirely in North Carolina. It also boasts a strong cast of North Carolina natives, including stars Jason Michael Carroll and Katie Garfield.Strings is being distributed domestically by Monarch Home Entertainment, and is currently available for Streaming through both Amazon Prime Video and Amazon Video. The DVD is also available for pre-order through Amazon with an official release date set for April 24, 2018.
If you watch "The Bachelor," you know Rebekah Martinez. She's the free spirit with the pixie cut who established great chemistry with the former race car driver looking for true love.
Scroll for more content...
Martinez did something else notable.
She has so far managed to appear on five of this season's episodes of the long-running, wildly popular TV show while simultaneously occupying a spot on the missing persons list in Humboldt County, California.
It's unclear how this happened, but it's known that "Bachelor" contestants can only say so much about their involvement in the show.
Bad communications helped, too. CNN has not been able to reach Martinez for comment.
The official story: Martinez's mother said her daughter called November 12, using a friend's cell phone, and said "she was going to work on a marijuana farm and would see her in seven to eight days," says a news release from the Humboldt County Sheriff's Office.
Martinez's mother filed the missing person report November 18, and deputies tried unsuccessfully to reach her, the release said. The case was turned over to the criminal investigations division.
In mid-December, a deputy asked the mother if she'd heard from her daughter, the news release said, and the mother said yes, that Martinez had called her November 18 -- the day the missing person report was filed -- and was heading home. But the deputy was unable to make direct contact with the Martinez, so she remained listed as "missing."
During part of the time she was officially missing, Martinez was working on "The Bachelor." ABC's romance reality TV show, now in its 22nd season, was filmed in September, October and November of 2017, ABC spokeswoman Courtney Kugel said.
Going by Bekah M, Martinez appeared on weekly episodes that aired January 1-29. One of the season's most dramatic moments occurred when she dined privately with the bachelor himself, former race car driver Arie Luyendyk Jr., and revealed her true age, 22 to Luyendyk's 36, according to the Washington Post recap.
Meanwhile, back in California, the North Coast Journal ran a story Thursday headlined, "The Humboldt 35," about the high number of missing people in Humboldt County, with pictures of those missing. A reader called the sheriff's office and told them she'd seen one of those missing people alive and well on "The Bachelor," the news release said.
The sheriff's office contacted the mother again, who said Martinez really had tried to contact the sheriff's office back in December but couldn't get through to a deputy, the news release said.
An officer finally spoke with Martinez on Wednesday afternoon and, assured she was OK, changed her status to "found."
The show has three episodes left this season.
VOL. 41 | NO. 49 | Friday, December 08, 2017
Talk of a bubble intensifies as price of bitcoin soars Print | Front Page | Email this story To:
From:
Message:
From (email):
Message:
Is bitcoin in a bubble? The price of bitcoin has been soaring this year, and last week alone it jumped from $11,000 to well over $17,000, according to Coindesk. It started the year below $1,000.
That rocketing level of appreciation smells a lot like an irrational investor mania to many economists and financial pros, the kind that sent prices for unprofitable startup internet companies soaring in the dot-com boom. Those prices eventually came crashing down.
"We saw this in the 1990s," says Barry Ritholtz, chairman and chief investment officer of Ritholtz Wealth Management. "Any of those things sound familiar? 'This is unique, this will change everything?'"
Like many others in finance, Ritholtz expects the bitcoin bubble to pop. The only question is when. "Some people think it's early days, some people think it's late," Ritholtz said. "We'll find out in the not-too-distant-future who is right."
Robert Shiller and Joseph Stiglitz, two Nobel-prize winning economists who've seen their share of speculative manias, recently have called bitcoin a bubble. Stiglitz went so far as to tell Bloomberg TV that bitcoin should be "outlawed."
Bitcoin was created in hopes it would become a new kind of currency that people could use outside of the traditional banking system, without backing from any country or central bank. It was also supposed to operate outside of government oversight, which has raised concerns that it will be a haven for criminals.
Unlike traditional currencies, bitcoin doesn't have a country backing it, a central bank, interest rates, or a long history of exchange rates against other currencies, making it extremely difficult to place a value on. Its value is tied only to what people believe it's worth at any given time.
Despite the growing interest, bitcoin still is not widely accepted in stores to buy merchandise, and you can't deposit it at a bank. One of the problems with using it as a currency is that its value keeps bouncing around, sometimes very suddenly.
"We have seen bitcoin more as a speculative investment rather than an equivalent to cash," says J. Craig Shearman, spokesman for the National Retail Federation, the world's largest trade association of retailers. "Even if it were a foreign currency, you need to dependably know what the exchange rate is, and bitcoin doesn't meet any of those tests."
Backers of bitcoin say it's about time for a new kind of currency that can be exchanged in private and secure ways. Its promoters include internet entrepreneurs Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss.
This week mainstream financial markets are for the first time allowing investors to make future bets on the direction of bitcoin, but bitcoins themselves will be continued to be traded only on private exchanges, which are mostly out of reach of regulators.
Mark Fratella, a teacher who lives in Elmhurst, Illinois, bought some bitcoin "for the novelty of it" back when it was worth $700 or $800.
Fratella is holding onto his bitcoin, and buying a little more from time to time. He's also buying other cryptocurrencies, such as Ethereum and Litecoin. He's heard the talk of a bitcoin bubble.
"But I have also seen a few analysts talk about how, in the grand scheme of things, there are a relatively low amount of people into bitcoin and there is a huge potential for growth," he said. With the futures trade starting, Fratella thinks people who have been leery of its decentralized, deregulated nature will start buying into it too.
The futures also give investors the opportunity to "short" bitcoin — that is bet that its price will go down — which presently is very difficult to near impossible to do.
While the value of bitcoin itself may be inflated, even some of its biggest critics say that the technology that's behind bitcoin has promise. That technology is called blockchain. It's a kind of digital ledger that securely records transactions and prevents the same bitcoin from being spent twice.
Jamie Dimon, the head of JPMorgan Chase, has called bitcoin "a fraud" that will eventually "blow up." But Dimon also said he thought the blockchain technology was "good" and could be used to make transactions faster and easier.
For now, people keep buying bitcoin, even with all the talk of a bubble. To Ritholtz, the enthusiasm is a combination of the novelty of bitcoin, the built-in scarcity of it — only 21 million of them will ever be created — and the psychology of people being attracted to assets whose prices appear to keep going up.
"One of the first rules of investing is, only invest in things you understand," Ritholtz said. "If you want to speculate in a cryptocurrency and you don't understand it, you might get lucky for a while but those sorts of speculations don't work out well."
___
__
AP Technology Writer Barbara Ortutay contributed to this story.
Dan Bathie
Dan Bathie
Marta Rovatti Studihrad
After what seems like an interminably long break—punctuated by the world's most lucrative e-sports race—the Formula E electric racing championship swings back into action this weekend in Buenos Aires, Argentina. Last year, DS Virgin Racing's Sam Bird won the race, and we recently spoke with him about the team's new car, that e-sports race, the season so far, and the challenges ahead.
Bird had a strong showing in the season-opening race in Hong Kong last October until technical troubles marred his pit stop; he was running in the lead and looked set for a win until the problems dropped him down to an eventual thirteenth place. Things went better in Morocco in November, with the young British driver claiming second after a late-race pass. "Marrakesh feels like a long time ago now," Bird told us, "but the season is going OK so far. I was disappointed with our overall pace in Hong Kong, and we should have won if not for the problem. But there's no reason we can't have a decent result."
A better car this season
In part, that's because this season's Spark-Citroën Virgin DSV-02 race car introduces some significant changes to the machine Bird campaigned in the 2015-2016 championship. Notably, it has moved from last year's twin-motor configuration to a single motor-generator unit (a design choice that many of the teams are coalescing on). That change has come with big gains in drivability, Bird explained.
"Last year, our car was extremely heavy," he said. "It was over the minimum weight, and that was all at the rear of the car with the twin motors and heavy gearbox casing. In fact, it was 35kg (77lbs) overweight at the rear axle. This year, it's on the weight target, so our minimum speed through corners is better, our tire life is longer at the rear, and it makes the car much easier to drive."
One of Bird's real strengths in Formula E is his impressive ability to manage battery performance, something of a necessity in a series where drivers still need to switch cars mid-race to complete the full distance. Bird told us it takes a team effort, and plenty of hard work goes on behind the scenes. With just 28kWh of energy in each fully charged car, that means a Formula E race isn't as simple as just driving as fast as possible. Drivers have to employ energy-saving techniques—lifting (off the accelerator) and coasting through corners instead of braking, knowing when to regenerate energy, and so on.
"We work hard with electronics and data guys to work out where to lift the most, where to lift small amounts, and where to regen[erate], down to the centimeter for each track. Then we practice that in the simulator, then on the circuit," he told us. The drivers have a little help in the car thanks to software tools accessible through the car's multifunction steering wheel that can give them prompts on-track. Unlike Formula 1, there's no real hardware development allowed during the season, as teams have to homologate their cars before the first race. But Bird told us that the team keeps working on the electronics and software side of things to find advantages.
Competition is fierce
Still, Bird acknowledged that beating the Renault e.dams team will be tough this season. "Season three will be very difficult, as everyone has converged technologically (on similar motor/gearbox layouts). But Renault still have an advantage; they're a season up the road and have a strong driver lineup. They'll be extremely difficult to beat, but we can do it as long as we're on top of our game," he said. Competition is still fierce, though: "The midfield pack has closed up a lot; one weekend you could be qualifying on the front row, the next weekend in 14th!"
Finally, we had to get Bird's thoughts on that Vegas eRace. "It's a brand-new concept that [Formula E's boss, Alejandro] Agag is trying. It was an exciting new fresh idea, and that's what Formula E is all about. But if we go back again, there are some things that need to be changed," he said. "CES is about showing off new products to customers, so it's important we show something fresh and exciting that gamers are attracted to." (Here Bird is referring to the use of rFactor 2 as the eRace platform, a move that drew plenty of gibes from spectators due to the outmoded graphics.)
If you want to see how DS Virgin Racing and Sam Bird get on in Argentina, the next round takes place on Saturday, February 18. In the US it'll be shown on Fox Sports 2 at 10pm Eastern; in the UK, catch it on Channel 5 at 6:30pm UK time.
Listing image by Marta Rovatti Studihrad
President Donald J. Trump taunted the media on Tuesday, accusing them of running a disinformation campaign about his political career.
“The Fake Mainstream Media has, from the time I announced I was running for President, run the most highly sophisticated & dishonest Disinformation Campaign in the history of politics,” Trump wrote on Twitter.
The president reacted on Twitter after the New York Times featured a story about his description of “Spygate” and how it fit a pattern of “conspiracy theories” promoted by the president.
Members of the media also scrambled over the weekend to delete social media posts criticizing Trump for conditions of detained illegal immigrant children, although the photos they shared were from the former President Barack Obama's administration.
Trump appeared to cite his election victory as the ultimate payback to the media's constant opposition to his presidency.
“No matter how well WE do, they find fault,” Trump wrote. “But the forgotten men & women WON, I'm President!”
LIONEL Messi could be set to quit Argentina again as he reveals how he fixed his problems with vomiting in game.
Plus Russia's football doctor makes an interesting doping claim as Brazil finalise their World Cup preparations.
It's World Cup Scout!
MESSI'S WORLD CUP THREAT TO ARGENTINA
Leo Messi has already quit the national team once.
He could be set to do it a second time after telling TV show La Cornisa he could “give up” on Argentina if they don't win the 2018 World Cup.
Messi is widely regarded as one of the greatest players of all time, but the only acclaim missing from his CV is a major international tournament – an Olympic gold medal for the Under-23s aside.
Argentina came agonisingly close in 2014, falling in the World Cup final to Germany and Messi also has claimed runner-up in three Copa Americas.
It was that runners-up finish in 2016 – where the 30-year-old missed a penalty in the shootout loss to Chile – that saw him immediately retire from international football.
He was convinced to change his mind just a week later, but told La Cornisa it could be an option if they fail in Russia.
Camera Icon Argentina's Lionel Messi. Picture: AFP
“We feel that, if we won't win the World Cup in Russia, the only way will be to give up the national team,” Messi said.
“I dream of winning the trophy in Russia. My wish is to live something similar to Brazil 2014. You can do everything OK and fail, like Argentina in Brazil.”
Messi also spoke to the Argentine TV show about how his change in diet helped end his run of vomiting during matches.
“I don't know what I ate but I ate badly for many years,” Messi admitted.
“At 22, 23... [it was] chocolate, alfajores [biscuits], fizzy drinks.
“Now I eat well: fish, meat, vegetables, salads. Everything is organised and taken care of. Sometimes a bit of wine, but that's not a problem.
“I really noticed the change when it came to vomiting. They said it could be a lot of things, eventually I changed and it didn't happen anymore.”
Camera Icon Argentina's Lionel Messi. Picture: AFP
BRAZIL FINALISE WORLD CUP PREPARATIONS
Brazil will play their final warm up game for the World Cup against Austria on June 10, a week before the five-time world champions take on Switzerland in their Group E opener.
The match will be played in Vienna at Ernst Happel Stadium, the same venue where both teams last met in a 2014 friendly, which Brazil won 2-1.
Brazil have further build-up games against World Cup host Russia (March 23), world champion Germany (March 27) and Croatia (June 3) ahead of the June 14-July 15 tournaments, where they also meet Costa Rica and Serbia in the group stage.
It comes as Brazil confirm they will use Tottenham's training ground ahead of the World Cup as their European training base.
“In addition to the friendlies, a partnership has been made official with Tottenham FC, who will make their facilities available for training as from May 28,” the Brazilian football federation said.
Camera Icon Brazil's Neymar is in a race to be fit for the World Cup. Picture: AP
“The Selecao will have a gym, swimming pool and two official-size football pitches available to them as well as a recently built hotel inside the training centre.”
RUSSIA'S DOCTOR SAYS PLAYERS ARE CLEANEST IN THE WORLD
Russia's World Cup team doctor has claimed that his country's domestic football leagues were cleaner than any other sport on the planet.
Doping allegations have dogged Russia as it prepares to host the World Cup for the first time in mid-June.
Russian athletes were forced to take part in the Pyeongchang Winter Games under a neutral Olympic flag because of cheating at the 2014 event in Sochi.
Former Russian Football Union (RFU) chief Vitaly Mutko oversaw national preparations for the 2014 Games.
He became closely associated with the scandal and stepped away from World Cup preparations in December.
Yet Russian team doctor Eduard Bezuglov said there were simply no grounds for suspicion against players because they have all been clean for years.
He explained that the RFU and the Russian Anti-Doping Agency (RUSADA) were holding “mandatory online courses” and publishing medical guidelines for teams in all football leagues.
“There is no such thing anywhere else in the world,” Bezuglov told the RIA Novosti state news agency.
“In other words, I do not know of any other sport that does not have a problem with banned drugs. But Russian football does not have this problem.” The world football governing body FIFA is still investigation allegations about past or present violations in the Russian game.
The most serious charges against it have come from former Moscow sports lab boss Grigory Rodchenkov -- viewed as a traitor by the Kremlin and living in hiding in the United States.
FIFA has thus far been unable to confirm Rodchenkov's claims that past Russian World Cup teams doped or that current national players were involved.
But it has sent him a list of 59 questions to which it has so far received no public reply.
Bezuglov said 1,500 Russian player samples have been tested abroad since the World Anti-Doping Agency stripped RUSADA of accreditation in November 2015.
“In this entire time, there has not been a single positive test,” said the doctor.
“I think that a lot of the credit for this should go to Vitaly Mutko, no matter what people may think of him now,” Bezuglov added.
“He constantly told us: have meetings, explain things, educate and scare them, do whatever you want, but make sure there is no doping in football.” The beautiful game is not among the sports closely associated with doping and past Russian problems should have no impact on the World Cup.
“No Russians will be involved in the implementation of the anti-doping programme and all analysis of doping samples will be done at WADA laboratories outside Russia,” a FIFA spokesman told AFP.
FIFA said the same was the case during the last tournament in Brazil because its laboratory also lacked certification at the time.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Singer Joy Villa donned a dress with the “Make America Great Again” slogan at the Grammys Sunday night, thanks to the help of one San Diego fashion designer.
Andre Soriano of La Mesa designed the dress to represent “love and togetherness” in addition to making a statement, KSWB reported.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
“I took my Trump flag from the front of my house and made the gown for her,” Soriano said. “We have to support our president.”
Villa walked the red carpet wearing a white cloak before taking it off to reveal the red, white, and blue Donald Trump-inspired dress.
Villa posted a picture of herself wearing the dress after the show on Instagram.
“Go big, or go home. You can either stand for what you believe or fall for what you don't,” the post read. “Above all make a choice for tolerance and love. Agree to disagree. See the person over the politics, carry yourself with dignity, always.”
Villa also held a purse shaped like a sacred heart. Soriano said they selected the heart-shaped purse to represent love, family, and togetherness.
“We have to bring this country back,” he said. “There are a lot of people who don't agree with our president, but they should give him a chance.
Villa's album sales spiked to the top spot on Amazon's list of top 100 digital albums, and made it high on the iTunes top albums list after she wore the dress.
Sebastian Vettel led the way in opening practice for the Japanese Grand Prix on Friday, with the Scuderia Ferrari driver admitting it was good to feel the ‘power of the car' around the Suzuka International Racing Course.
The rain in the afternoon session restricted the championship contender to just one installation lap, but Vettel felt it was important not to waste the wet weather Pirelli tyres with further rain a possibility later in the weekend.
“I think we had a decent morning,” said Vettel. “We tried a lot of things and it was good to feel the power of the car.
“This afternoon was expected to be wet. We would have loved to run a little bit more, but you can't do the right amount of driving, because you don't want to “burn” your tyre supply in these conditions.”
Vettel remains confident that he can return to the front of the field this weekend after the disappointments of his retirement in Singapore and fourth place finish in Malaysia, and even if it rains during qualifying, the German feels Ferrari should be quick.
“The results of the last two races were not good, but the car is strong,” said Vettel. “We have every reason to be confident and I am sure that on Sunday we'll be able to show what we can do.
“If tomorrow's qualifying is wet, then we should improve. The last qualifying in wet conditions happened in Monza and it was not a good result. In Malaysia it was a little bit better, but we hope we learned our lesson.
“It's up to us to get it right. Whatever the weather will be, I hope we can show our potential.”
BEIJING (Reuters) - The China-backed Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB) said on Thursday it has approved two loans and one equity investment worth $324 million across Georgia, Tajikistan and India.
The bank's first ever equity investment of $150 million aims to help attract private capital for infrastructure projects in India, the AIIB said in an emailed statement.
"Approving our first equity investment is another milestone for the Bank and will enhance our potential to source and fund high quality, private sector projects," said D.J. Pandian, AIIB Vice President, in the statement.
"These three projects demonstrate a growing sophistication in our ability to support our member countries across different regions and sectors." The Beijing-based AIIB, formed in January 2016, aims to provide infrastructure financing in the Asia-Pacific region. The multilateral development bank has been viewed as a rival to the Western-dominated World Bank and Asian Development Bank. The equity investment goes towards the India Infrastructure Investment Fund which focuses on investing in mid-cap infrastructure companies in India in sectors including energy and utilities, transportation and logistics and telecommunications, according to a project summary on the AIIB's website. A $114 million loan will help fund the Georgia Batumi Bypass Road Project and a $60 million loan will go towards the first phase of the Tajikistan Nurek Hydropower Rehabilitation Project, according to the emailed statement. The 2017 AIIB annual meeting will be held from Friday to Sunday this week on Jeju Island in South Korea. (Reporting by Sue-Lin Wong; Editing by Shri Navaratnam)
–
MOSCOW (Sputnik)During Sunday's referendum, Turkish citizens supported the government-backed constitutional changes to shift to a presidential system, and therefore broaden the sitting president's powers. According to preliminary data provided by the Anadolu news agency, the results showed that "yes" votes stood at 51.41 percent with all ballots counted. While the reforms had already cleared the Turkish parliament and were signed by Erdoğan before Sunday's vote, the final outcome will be declared within 12 days while any appeals are dealt with. The opposition has claimed that violations in voting conduct have been committed and slammed the election committee for declaring unstamped ballots as valid.
According to media reports, about 1,000 protesters have gathered in Istanbul's Besiktas neighborhood and another 2,000 demonstrated in the city's Kadikoy district, while Turkey's National Security Council decided on Monday to extend the nine-month state of emergency by another three months. Smaller protests were held in other cities, including Antalya and Izmir, where over 20 people were detained.
The preliminary results among Turks living in the country showed 51.18 percent voting in favor and 48.82 against constitutional reforms for the creation of a presidential system of government. The greatest level of support was revealed to be in Turkey's central provinces, whereas the least amount of support was found in European part of Turkey, as well as the Aegean Sea coast and the Kurdish-dominated areas. Support among Turkish nationals living abroad was much higher and stands 59.09 percent.
Some Turkish officials said that they had expected to get much more support in favor of the constitutional amendments during the referendum, while the Turkish opposition outlined plans to appeal the results of the referendum with the country's constitutional court or the European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) if needed.
The amendments to the constitution proposed at the referendum will allow the Turkish president to stay as the head of the political party he or she represents, which is not permitted under current legislation. The amendments also allow Erdoğan to hold the office for two more terms until 2029. The president will also have the ability to appoint vice presidents, ministers and other high ranking officials, while the post of the prime minister will be removed. The parliament, which will increase its seats by 50 to consist of 600 members, will lose the direct control of government activities, as the amendments cancel obligatory reports of the ministers before the lawmakers.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
KENTON – Five Tri-Village athletes received medals at the 31st annual Ohio high school state powerlifting meet on Saturday at Kenton High School.
More than 30 schools competed in the state meet with 109 girls and 270 boys in the seventh through 12th grades. The top six girls and top 12 boys in each weight class received a medal.
Tri-Village did not earn any team awards, which were given to the top three girls teams and top six boys teams, but five of the 15 Patriots earned individual accolades.
Holly Back placed fourth in the girls 145 pound division by lifting 535 pounds with 105 in the bench press, 255 in the deadlift and 175 in the squat.
Marissa Roark finished fifth in the girls 155 pound division as she lifted 535 pounds with 115 in the bench press, 240 in the deadlift and 180 in the squat.
Foster Brown finished ninth in the boys 135 pound division by lifting 595 pounds with 120 in the bench press, 270 in the deadlift and 205 in the squat.
Aaron Stewart finished ninth in the boys 185 pound division as he lifted 885 pounds with 235 in the bench press, 350 in the deadlift and 300 in the squat.
Blake Brandenburg finished 12th in the boys 135 pound class as he lifted 560 pounds with 130 in the bench press, 255 in the deadlift and 175 in the squat.
Lissa Siler finished seventh in the girls 145 pound class by lifting 490 pounds with 240 in the deadlift and 250 in the squat.
Jacquie Gibboney placed seventh in the girls 155 pound division as she lifted 525 pounds with 100 in the bench press, 260 in the deadlift and 180 in the squat.
Lauren Banis finished 13th in the girls heavyweight division by lifting 585 pounds with 110 in the bench press, 245 in the deadlift and 230 in the squat.
Dylan Holsapple placed 13th in the boys 210 pound division as he lifted 845 pounds with 205 in the bench press, 350 in the deadlift and 290 in the squat.
Hunter Gillett finished 17th in the boys 195 pound division as he lifted 705 pounds with 165 in the bench press, 340 in the deadlift and 200 in the squat.
Chance Davis finished 17th in the boys 225 pound class by lifting 845 pounds with 180 in the bench press, 365 in the deadlift and 300 in the squat.
Ian Bailey placed 17th in the boys heavyweight division as he lifted 1,080 pounds with 240 in the bench press, 440 in the deadlift and 400 in the squat.
Nick Varvel placed 18th in the boys 210 pound division by lifting 670 pounds with 145 in the bench press, 285 in the deadlift and 240 in the squat.
Elijah Driver finished 21st in the boys 225 pound division as he lifted 760 pounds with 165 in the bench press, 315 in the deadlift and 280 in the squat.
Dillon Plush finished 27th in the boys 250 pound division as he lifted 565 pounds with 125 in the bench press, 240 in the deadlift and 200 in the squat.
The Tri-Village powerlifting team competed at the state meet on Saturday at Kenton. Pictured are (front row, l-r) coach Tracy Brown, Marissa Roark, Holly Back, Aaron Stewart, Nick Varvel, (back row, l-r) Ian Bailey, Dylan Holsapple, Blake Brandenburg, Foster Brown, Chance Davis, Elijah Driver, Hunter Gillett, Jacquie Gibboney and Dillon Plush. Not pictured are Lissa Siler and Lauren Banis. http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/03/web1_Tri-Village-powerlifting-WEB.jpg The Tri-Village powerlifting team competed at the state meet on Saturday at Kenton. Pictured are (front row, l-r) coach Tracy Brown, Marissa Roark, Holly Back, Aaron Stewart, Nick Varvel, (back row, l-r) Ian Bailey, Dylan Holsapple, Blake Brandenburg, Foster Brown, Chance Davis, Elijah Driver, Hunter Gillett, Jacquie Gibboney and Dillon Plush. Not pictured are Lissa Siler and Lauren Banis. Courtesy photo Five Tri-Village athletes earned medals at the state powerlifting meet on Saturday at Kenton. Pictured are (front row, l-r) Holly Back, Aaron Stewart, (back row, l-r) Marissa Roark, Blake Brandenburg and Foster Brown. http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/03/web1_Patriot-powerlifting-WEB.jpg Five Tri-Village athletes earned medals at the state powerlifting meet on Saturday at Kenton. Pictured are (front row, l-r) Holly Back, Aaron Stewart, (back row, l-r) Marissa Roark, Blake Brandenburg and Foster Brown. Courtesy photo
By Kyle Shaner kshaner@aimmediamidwest.com
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4316. Follow me on Twitter @KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360. For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com.
Kyle Shaner may be reached at 937-569-4316. Follow me on Twitter @KShanerAdvocate or get updates on Facebook by searching Darke County Sports or Advocate 360. For more features online go to dailyadvocate.com.
ARLINGTON, Texas — Johnny Hamilton celebrated his birthday by scoring 20 points while grabbing 13 rebounds as UT Arlington held off Coastal Carolina 87-80 to even its Sun Belt Conference record on Saturday night.
Davion Turner had a career-high 20 points as the Mavericks halted Coastal Carolina's four-game win streak. Kevin Hervey added 15 points and Nathan Hawkins chipped in 11 with six assists and two steals for UTA (15-10, 6-6). Erick Neal, who finished with nine points, four assists and five steals became the first player in conference history to surpass 1,300 points, 700 assists, 400 rebounds and 200 steals.
Trailing 39-38 at the break, Neal drained a 3 to start the second half and Hamilton, who recorded his fifth double double, followed with a layup to take a 43-39 advantage and the Mavericks led the rest of the way.
Coastal Carolina stayed within striking distance, closing to 66-65 with 8:56 remaining. Hervey nailed a trey and the Mavericks pushed their lead to 75-67 after Hervey hit a jumper with 6:35 left.
A A
When 12-year-old Mazzeo Sanchez woke up early Friday morning to a door closing, he thought it was his mom leaving for work.
He went back to sleep, but then he heard pacing and hard breathing, which is something his father is known to do.
“I stood up, because if it was my dad I was going to go talk to him,” he said.
But Mazzeo quickly saw that the pacing man wasn't his dad — he was a suspected auto thief that local law enforcement had been chasing that morning.
The man, whom police later identified as 25-year-old Justin A. Burton of Vancouver, had barged into the Springfield Meadows apartment where Mazzeo, his three younger siblings and his mom's friend and roommate Roger Duffey were all sleeping.
Mazzeo said that Burton started opening drawers and throwing papers and other items on the floor. Eventually, he found a knife.
That's when Mazzeo grabbed his three siblings — his 8-year-old sister, and his two brothers, who are 6 and 5 — and ushered them into his mother's bedroom. He locked eyes with Burton, who had dirt and cuts all over his face and looked to be on some kind of drug, Mazzeo said.
“He comes in the room and looks at all of us and walks toward me,” Mazzeo said. “I said, ‘No, no, no, I'm sorry I didn't do anything.' And he walks out.”
Mazzeo said that while he was scared, he was thinking of his siblings.
“I just tried to stay as calm as I could because if I overreacted, knowing the little kids, they would have probably flipped out and started running all over the place,” he said.
His mind was racing.
“I didn't know if one of my little brothers or sisters was going to die or if I was going to die,” he said.
Mazzeo said he went into planning mode. “Am I going to have to go out the window?” he wondered. “Or drop the little kids out the window? Or am I going to have to fight him off or something?”
That's when Duffey walked into the bedroom.
Duffey, 34, had fallen asleep playing video games in the living room. He, too, woke up to the wide-eyed, panting man. At first, he thought the man might be friends with Ashly Oliver-Edwards, the mother of the four kids, but she already had left for work.
When Duffey saw that the man had a knife in his hand, he went straight to find the kids. He asked Mazzeo if the man was a friend of their mother's; Mazzeo said he wasn't. Mazzeo asked if it was one of Duffey's friends; Duffey answered that it wasn't.
Fully aware that the man was a stranger in their home and armed with a knife, Duffey closed the bedroom door and held onto the handle (there are no locks on the doors). Duffey held tight, doing his best to keep him and the kids safe in the bedroom.
Burton then started kicking and banging on the outside of the door, Duffey said.
“I was just thinking, keep that door shut,” he said.
Then Duffey heard the radio traffic from an officer who was standing outside the bedroom window of their second-floor apartment. He overheard that an officer had seen a man in the living room but wasn't sure if it was the suspect they were looking for. Knowing the man was away from the door, Duffey saw his chance. He went to the window and yelled at the officer, who told Duffey to put his hands up.
Duffey yelled back to the officer, “I've got four kids in here. Dude has a knife, get him out.”
“I hurried up and went back to the door and I held it because he kept coming back, kicking, trying to get back in the door,” Duffey said. “That's all I could do is just keep that door still.”
A few minutes later, officers forced entry into the apartment and shot and killed Burton in the back bedroom.
“He didn't say one word to anybody, even when the police came in,” Duffey said.
When officers collected Duffey and the four children, Duffey stood in the entryway to the other bedroom so the kids wouldn't see the body.
He looked back and saw that the police had used a Taser on Burton, too, he said.
Once they were all outside, Duffey called Oliver-Edwards to tell her what had happened. Oliver-Edwards had left for work at 5:30 a.m., about an hour before the ordeal took place.
“I thought he was joking,” she said. “My kids normally call me to check in when they wake up at 7, and it wasn't the call that I normally get.”
Once she got over the shock, regret set in.
“When I leave in the morning, I typically don't lock the door,” she said. “I will never do that again.”
They later learned the details about Burton — how he allegedly got into a confrontation with the owner of a vehicle at 5804 N.E. 41st Circle, took the vehicle and crashed into a parked activities bus at Vancouver Pointe Senior Living, 4555 N.E. 66th Ave., a few blocks away, according to officials.
Burton then fled on foot, running through the lobby of the complex and into the Springfield Meadows complex, and eventually into the apartment of Oliver-Edwards and Duffey.
The apartment complex's management company told Oliver-Edwards that it can't offer her another unit, but would allow her to break the lease without penalty.
All six of them are now displaced, living at a Vancouver hotel room while they try to process what happened to them.
One of her children has a hard time sleeping, Oliver-Edwards said, because what happens plays over and over in his head. Another repeatedly says someone's trying to kill them. Another gets sick when bedtime nears, which Oliver-Edwards thinks is from anxiety.
They're looking for a new place to call home, but Oliver-Edwards said their funds are limited.
“It's kind of hard to even focus on that main point when I'm worried about each day,” she said. “Right now, it's just today and tomorrow and the next day.”
Share. Plus, talking about Coster-Waldau's new film Shot Caller. Plus, talking about Coster-Waldau's new film Shot Caller.
Full spoilers for Game of Thrones' latest episode, "Eastwatch," continue below. Make sure to read our full review of the episode.
Jaime Lannister went through quite the emotional rollercoaster during "Eastwatch," first surviving the great battle against Daenerys Targaryen and her dragons, then getting a surprise secret meeting with his estranged brother Tyrion, and finally having his sister/lover Cersei reveal she not only is pregnant, but threatening him to not betray her again.
To talk through the big revelations, we got on the phone with actor Nikolaj Coster-Waldau to discuss Jaime's mindset and weigh in on whether he thinks Cersei is actually telling the truth about that bun in the oven. Additionally, we spoke with Coster-Waldau about his upcoming film Shot Caller, which hits select theaters on August 18th and is currently available on DirecTV. Directed by Ric Roman Waugh, Shot Caller follows a successful businessman (played by Coster-Waldau), who slowly is transformed into "Money," a ruthless prison gangster," after a DUI gets him imprisoned.
Every IGN Game of Thrones Review So Far 10+ IMAGES Fullscreen Image Artboard 3 Copy Artboard 3 ESC 01 OF 65 Check out every single IGN Game of Thrones review by clicking or tapping on the arrow. 01 OF 65 Check out every single IGN Game of Thrones review by clicking or tapping on the arrow. Every IGN Game of Thrones Review So Far Download Image Captions ESC
Read our full interview with Coster-Waldau below:
IGN: A big topic of conversation among viewers is whether or not people think Cersei's baby is real. When you read the script for the first time, did you immediately believe that she was telling the truth, or are you a little skeptical?
Nikolaj Coster-Waldau: I mean, me, or Jaime, or both? It's a bit of a surprise, that's for sure. I had questions to the writers about that very thing. I was like, is this just her way of manipulating or is it real, or what's going on? I think Jaime believes her. He's shocked, of course, but he believes her because I think, when you look at Cersei, she actually seems surprisingly happy. She hasn't been like this for as long as he can remember. There's actually a real glow in her eyes. She seems very believable. Now, what is he going to do with this?
Also, she gives him something that he's been wanting his whole life: there's been this enormous secret that he's carried with these children, and he's had to keep it locked up because it was too dangerous. And now she's saying this one is going to be different. You're going to be able to actually be a father, and not just for a second while you hold your dying girl in your arms, but this is going to be real. The idea is beautiful, and of course, for a second at least, he can't help himself but be happy about this. Obviously she destroys that moment by going back to her pretty dark ways. She has to ruin it by saying, "Oh, don't ever betray me again." Like, come on! Just give him a second.
I think he believes her, that was the question. I do believe he believes her. Do I believe? Well, I think that she believes it. I actually do believe that. She's clearly a great manipulator. You'll have to watch the rest of the season to find out. But she seemed very happy, for sure.
IGN: I feel like every episode there's a moment where people watching wonder if this will be the moment that causes Jaime to break with Cersei. At this point, do you think there's anything that could happen that will cause him to do that?
Coster-Waldau: [laughs] If she serves him fried liver. I mean, he hates fried liver. That will just be a deal-breaker. She knows if she goes there, it will just destroy him.
You know, watch the show and you'll find out if there's anything. Who knows? It's always difficult. You've been with someone, in this case, for most of your life. For better or for worse, it's a very dysfunctional relationship, for sure. He's a man of his word and he's a man of loyalty where loyalty's so important, and being responsible. They're not just a couple. It's not just, hey, it's you and me, and I don't like the way you act, so I'm going to take off now. They have this huge responsibility. The whole idea that you just transfer power, there's always people being hurt. We just saw it in the last episode.
If anyone thinks that Daenerys Targaryen takes over and the Dothraki come in, it's not necessarily going to be a peaceful surrender of power. When is it ever peaceful when new regimes take over? There's also that responsibility to the people under him, and then the big command. It goes against the very core of him to abandon your post, if you will. Also, it's not like he had two great relationships, they didn't work out, and then he met Cersei. I'm sure if I was in his shoes, yeah, I'd be out the door no problem a long time ago, maybe when she was like, hey, you can keep having sex with me, but I'm going to marry the king, because I think that's pretty cool. I think I would have gone, "Nah, I like you, we have a great physical connection and I appreciate that, but it's not for me." But Jaime's a little different.
IGN: You and Lena Headey have consistently been having these amazing scenes for years, but you and Peter Dinklage hadn't had a scene together in like two and a half seasons. What was it like shooting that reunion scene between Tyrion and Jaime?
Coster-Waldau: It was so much about what was not said. It was driving me crazy, in a good way. Tyrion always comes across as this very honorable guy, he's like the hero in many ways of our show. We love him because he's honest and he says things as they are. Here, I was like, could Jaime please just say something? Why is he getting away with this? Everyone who's watching this is just going to believe that this is the truth! But that was the way it was written, and I understand it, we can't complicate it.
The fact is Jaime says, "Hey, I told Bronn if I ever saw you again I would kill you," and then Tyrion gets into this impassioned plea in explaining why he killed their father, because their father was such a bad man, and he wanted Tyrion dead. And I was like, "Yeah, but Jaime knows that! That's why I helped you escape, a**hole! You were out, why did you go back? You didn't have to go back and kill him. Why did you do that? And hey, you know you talk about Tywin being bad -- what the hell did Shae do to you? Why did you kill her?"
Game of Thrones Season 7 Callbacks and References 10+ IMAGES Fullscreen Image Artboard 3 Copy Artboard 3 ESC 01 OF 15 The Hound's discovery in the farmhouse (Seen in: Season 7, episode 1 "Dragonstone.")
Reference to: When traveling with the Brotherhood Without Banners, the Hound finds a pair of dead bodies in a farmhouse. These two bodies are actually a callback to Season 4 episode 3 "Breaker of Chains," as they belong to the father and daughter that the Hound robbed and left to die a good while ago. 01 OF 15 The Hound's discovery in the farmhouse (Seen in: Season 7, episode 1 "Dragonstone.")
Reference to: When traveling with the Brotherhood Without Banners, the Hound finds a pair of dead bodies in a farmhouse. These two bodies are actually a callback to Season 4 episode 3 "Breaker of Chains," as they belong to the father and daughter that the Hound robbed and left to die a good while ago. Game of Thrones Season 7 Callbacks and References Download Image Captions ESC
IGN: I kept wanting Tyrion to say that though, like, "Hey, dad was sleeping with her!"
Coster-Waldau: I know! And yeah, OK, so he slept with her, so you killed her, because it's always the woman. There are so many things that are really interesting that of course we can't get into in the show at this time. The thing is moving, but that's my point, is there are so many things going on between them that are not being said.
IGN: Do you think that meeting might have gone differently if Olenna hadn't told Jaime that she was the one who killed Joffrey?
Coster-Waldau: No, I don't think that Jaime ever believed that. I think we already saw in the reason he helped Tyrion escape. If Jaime had really believed Tyrion had killed Joffrey, I don't think he would have helped him escape, but he never believed that. This was just confirmation. The way she said it, it was very mean-spirited, like, "I'm dying. You may have given me a nice death, but f**k you." And of course he gets to tell Cersei the truth, and maybe there was part of him that hoped it would soften her take on Tyrion, but of course it didn't. She just regretted that she didn't get to torture Olenna, because of course she's filled with rage and she's filled with thirst for revenge because she's lost all her children. For Cersei for sure, I guess her therapist would say, there's too much negativity going on. You've got to work on that.
IGN: Are you familiar at all with the prophecy of the valonqar from the books?
Coster-Waldau: Is that the one that everyone thinks Jon is the guy who's going to come back, right?
IGN: No, it's one --
Coster-Waldau: Oh, the one with the brother!
Game of Thrones: Which Westeros Houses Are Left 10+ IMAGES Fullscreen Image Artboard 3 Copy Artboard 3 ESC 01 OF 18 HOUSE STARK (Standing) - For all the suffering House Stark underwent during the first few seasons of the series, they've rebounded pretty strong. Perhaps it's because they had the resiliency needed to persevere - as well as the numbers. As of Season 6, Jon Snow and Sansa have reclaimed Winterfell and won back the North. Bran's back home, Arya's still wandering (but capable of taking care of herself), and an uneasy alliance is being formed with the Mother of Dragons. Things are looking up for House Stark, and not a moment too soon what with winter finally being here and all. 01 OF 18 HOUSE STARK (Standing) - For all the suffering House Stark underwent during the first few seasons of the series, they've rebounded pretty strong. Perhaps it's because they had the resiliency needed to persevere - as well as the numbers. As of Season 6, Jon Snow and Sansa have reclaimed Winterfell and won back the North. Bran's back home, Arya's still wandering (but capable of taking care of herself), and an uneasy alliance is being formed with the Mother of Dragons. Things are looking up for House Stark, and not a moment too soon what with winter finally being here and all. Game of Thrones: Which Westeros Houses Are Left Download Image Captions ESC
IGN: Yeah, in the books, Maggy the Frog told Cersei she would die when "the valonqar" wraps their hands around her throat and chokes the life out of her. People think the little brother could mean Jaime or Tyrion. Do you think there's a world where one of her two brothers could be the one to kill her? Do you like that theory at all?
Coster-Waldau: [laughs] I think anything is possible on this show. I think it's a good theory. Obviously it makes sense story-wise that they were born together and then he'll kill her. You'd think then he would die and they would die together. But I can see many things happening. I mean, these prophecies of course are very significant. We see that with the one with Maggy the Frog.
IGN: Yeah, it's exciting stuff. Meanwhile, this is another big week for you, because your new movie Shot Caller is hitting theaters on Friday. When you're looking at film projects, what are the sorts of stories that engage you that you want to take part in?
Coster-Waldau: It was a great script, and it was a world I wasn't too familiar with. But first and foremost, I could identify with the character. Even though it was in this extreme setting, the way Ric Waugh told the story, it was so moving. In a way, that whole idea that we as human beings are pack animals. It goes through a national level and a personal level and a family level, the whole thing about "them and us." ... Of course, when you have people in prison, that's one of the most extreme things, because obviously people commit a crime, they're going to have to pay the time, and then we lock them up. Then we as a society completely forget about these people because they did something bad and then we don't care what happens, they'll just be in there.
There's been a lot of prison movies made, but I think what he did here is pretty interesting. Obviously you spend a lot of time doing research, but just explaining how messed up the prison system is, and how it just works against what we want. We create a lot more criminals -- a lot more hardened criminals -- than not by the way our prison system works. It's just insane. The best projects, the best movies or television shows, are the ones where you're really entertained and it's a thrilling story, and as a bonus it tells something about the world we live in and it makes you think. I think Ric achieved that with Shot Caller.
IGN: The tagline for the movie is "some criminals are made in prison." That's a pretty pointed statement, so what conversation do you hope this movie sparks?
Coster-Waldau: I think it's pointed but it's also based in reality. The fact is we lock up non-violent offenders, and we lock them up for a long time sometimes. We lock them up with people who are really, truly violent. Prison is not a nice place, and it shouldn't be, but it shouldn't be as dangerous and as crazy as it is today. The fact you have to make yourself violent to survive is not very helpful because we do want these people out again. We make it very difficult for them to reenter our society. The fact is that almost 70 percent reoffend, and almost all of them reoffend to something worse. It's just really stupid because we're wasting not only just the financial resources on an enormous scale, but what's worse is the human resources that we waste. And then of course on top of that there's the whole debate on the demographics in prison, which are pretty shocking.
Terri Schwartz is a Editorial Producer at IGN. Talk to her on Twitter at @Terri_Schwartz.
TOKYO Japanese figure skater Mao Asada, an Olympic silver medallist and three-time world champion, said on Wednesday she had given her all to her competitive career and had no regrets about retiring from the sport.
The 26-year-old, known for being the only woman to land the complicated triple Axel jump three times in competition, said on Monday she had lost the will to compete.
Asada, who took a year off from skating before resuming training in 2015, told a packed news conference on Wednesday that while the decision had been difficult, she gradually came to feel it was time.
"Up to now in my skate career, I've given everything I had, and I have no regrets," said the calm and mostly smiling Asada, at one point brushing away tears.
Asada is a household name in Japan, known by the affectionate nickname "Mao-chan," and the news of her retirement was plastered across newspaper front pages on Tuesday.
Her retirement news conference was carried live by nearly all television stations, and several newspapers ran editorials with one calling her a "national heroine".
Plagued by knee pain this past season, Asada finished 12th at the national championship in December, the lowest finish of her career in a competition she had won six times - a situation she said was key to her decision.
"The first season after returning to competition went all right, but by the second I really had to keep telling myself over and over to just keep going," said Asada, who described feeling as if she could not keep up with advances in the sport.
"After the nationals I thought, 'well, that's it.'"
Asada began skating at the age of five, lured into the sport by her older sister Mai, and began to draw attention while still a junior, sharing the limelight with South Korea's Kim Yuna at the start of a long rivalry.
Kim and Asada's rivalry reached a head at the 2010 Winter Games in Vancouver, when Asada had to settle for silver while Kim claimed gold.
Asada was tipped as a leading medal contender at the 2014 Sochi Olympics but had a disastrous short programme, although she rebounded with a strong free skate to finish sixth overall.
"After the short programme, I thought I wouldn't be able to return to Japan, and the morning of the free skate I woke still feeling that way," she said.
"But the moment I stepped out on the rink I just thought I'd have to do it, and give it everything I had."
Asked about her future plans, Asada said she's taking part in an ice show this summer but is still thinking about the rest.
"I've been skating since I was five and have gained so much from it," she said. "So I want to do something, in some form, to give back to the sport."
(Reporting by Elaine Lies; Editing by Greg Stutchbury)
Stephen Colbert on Thursday got a last-minute assist from Hamilton‘s Lin-Manuel Miranda in his fundraising efforts to help Puerto Rico rebuild in the wake of Hurricane Maria.
On Sept. 28, Colbert and fellow comedian Nick Kroll (The League) launched a fundraising campaign on Twitter encouraging celebrities to post awkward pictures of themselves as teenagers, with the hashtags #PuberMe and #PuertoRicoRelief. For every embarrassing picture received, the Americone Dream Fund would donate $1,000 to OneAmericaAppeal.org, with all proceeds going to help Puerto Rico.
After sharing last-minute #PuberMe submissions sent in by Seth Rogen, Kristen Bell, Martin Short, Henry Winkler and Jake Tapper, Colbert revealed that they had raised $233K. But wait, there's more! Additional contributions by Kroll, the cast of Netflix's Big Mouth, CBS chairman Les Moonves and the Americone Dream Fund brought the grand total to a whopping $999K.
Kroll, who called in from Argentina for the #PuberMe grand finale, acknowledged “it's a shame we didn't make it to $1 million.” Colbert agreed, remarking, “If only we had one more awkward celebrity puberty photo, but we don't.” And that's when Miranda entered the studio, on hand with perhaps the best #PuberMe submission yet.
Press PLAY on the video above to watch Colbert and Miranda announce the final #PuberMe tally, then drop a comment below.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
FORT WORTH-- Lots of people want to break into the TV and film biz, but many think the only place to go is Hollywood.
Well, folks with Tarrant County College want to help those aspiring artists achieve their silver screen dreams, right here in North Texas.
“Today we have a free workshop that will last for four sessions over four weeks. The net result of that will be a short film,” said Scott Robinson, Dean of Humanities at TCC.
This free event is open to anyone who registered. Film and TV experts are giving these students a crash course in the biz.
“I have come to know a lot of people who are working in Texas, who are based in Texas, and they're producing great stuff,” said Workshop participant, DeeLeeAnn Abrahamson
Radhia Addison said, ”We have a lot of people here with a lot of creative passion and if we had more opportunities like this, we would be able to express that drive more.”
Also, this workshop will also help promote the Funky Town Festival coming next year. it highlights film, music, and the arts.
Carlos Aguilar says Texas is a hotbed for film and he believes the future is bright for film in the Lone Star State, despite threats to cut film incentives in Texas.
“I think the future of film in Texas is strong, even though we have had a difficult time trying to convince the lawmakers. There is still a strong component that is really still in its infancy.”
So it could be interesting to see where this industry can go, but he many hope the film lights burn bright, deep in the heart of Texas.
Ministry of Sound is a name synonymous with the dance music scene, so if you're looking for on-ear headphones to deliver those bass-laden beats to your ears then it ought to be a brand that piques your interest. If it's not then, well, the heavyweight bass might be too much for your preferred musical genre of choice.
The Audio On headphones come in two flavours: the standard model, reviewed here, or the more expensive Plus version (£150) which adds Bluetooth wireless connectivity.
Can Ministry maintain the success of its brand as it reaches into the world of audio products, or do the Audio On headphones fail to make us head-nod like it's an all-night rave?
The Ministry Audio On headphones is more subtle by design than the club roots of the brand might suggest. Available in blue, charcoal, red or white, the colour choices are far from garish in their finish.
Branding is subtle too, with the classic "gate" logo on the side of each square-shaped earcup barely visible without closer inspection, or a catch of light. There's an debossed "Ministry of Sound" written logo under the soft headband too.
Comfort-wise the Audio On on-ears, as their name suggests, sit directly on the ears. There's no opening within the earcups to speak of, so there's always pressure against the earlobes - no excessive pressure, but there's a slight "pinch" in wearing compared to some of the larger, more casual on-ear and over-ear headphones available on the market.
At this £99 price point the construction is also largely plastic - but that doesn't mean discomfort, more that these on-ears just don't look like top-spec headphones.
Sound quality is the core reason to buy any headphones and the Audio On don't disappoint in this department. Well, they don't if you're looking for bass-heavy playback, as that's how these on-ears are tuned. Yep, it's MoS taking on the Beats brand in many respects.
We were in half a mind to mark the Audio On down for such tuning, but these are Ministry of Sound headphones: the clue's in the name. Saying that, heavyweight bass doesn't work for all genres - even some stomping heavy rock sounded way off balance, like the lead vocals were drowning in a sea of low-end bass.
But pop on some 4/4 house and those cutting, hyper-produced beats will sound crisp and engaging. That's really what these headphones are all about: delivering for dance music, not a wider roster.
Without Bluetooth or noise-cancellation they're fairly no frills, but on balance the sound quality is big and bold for the £99 price point. We rather like the dual 3.5mm headphone outputs, one on each earcup, too.
A Nottinghamshire RSPCA worker is going the extra mile to help change the lives of animals in the charity's care.
Rachel McCombie, 23, is taking on the Three Peaks Challenge, together with four of her friends – Bethaney Smith, Georgia Smith, Louise Anyan and Chelsea Ainsley.
The intrepid quartet will kick off the challenge on June 2 on Snowdon in Wales, before moving on to Scafell Pike in England, before finishing with Ben Nevis – a total distance of 660 miles in just 24 hours.
The aim of the challenge is to reach a target of £500 which will go specifically towards the purchase of new toys and equipment for the animals while they are in the RSPCA's care, and towards the cost of veterinary treatment.
Rachel said: “The Three Peak Challenge is something that I have always wanted to do and the thought of being able to raise money to benefit animals at the same time makes it all the more worthwhile.”
If you would like to support Rachel in her challenge, please visit https://bit.ly/2Fcz5cX
The Xiph.Org crew rung in 2017 by releasing FLAC 1.3.2 as the newest version of this free lossless audio codec.FLAC 1.3.2 has some undefined behavior fixes as spotted by UBSAN, greater hardening via fuzz testing, has a variety of internal code fixes, and the libraries have several fixes too.This mostly maintenance release is the first update to FLAC in two years since the v1.3.1 release.More details on the changes for FLAC 1.3.2 can be found via Xiph.Org
April 3 Lilis Energy Inc
* Lilis Energy announces IP30 rates, divestiture of DJ Basin properties and 2017 preliminary production guidance
* Lilis Energy Inc - announces DJ asset divestiture
* Lilis Energy Inc - December exit rate expected between 5,000 - 5,300 net boepd
* Lilis Energy Inc - completed divestiture of all its oil and gas properties located in DJ Basin for a gross purchase price of $2 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
(Reuters) - Asian currencies are cheap in historical trade-weighted terms despite a steady rise to multi-year highs over the past year on broad U.S. dollar weakness and strong flows into the region, analysts say.
Malaysia's ringgit, for instance, has appreciated more than 15 percent against the dollar since the beginning of 2017, but in real effective exchange rate terms (REER), it is still 5 percent below its 10-year average.
REER is calculated on a trade-weighted basis against a basket of currencies and adjusted for inflation.
The Japanese yen, Philippine peso and Indonesian rupiah are also trading below their 10-year averages.
The rise in regional currencies against their trading partners' currencies over the past year has been much lower than their gains on the dollar, keeping them attractive even now, analysts say.
The South Korean won and the Thai baht have gained more than 12 percent each against the dollar since Jan 2017, but their REER rates rose just about 4 percent in that period.
“If you look at real effective exchange rates, Asian currencies are not very over-valued,” said Chang Wei Liang, an FX strategist with Mizuho Bank.
“Asian currencies could still have scope to gain, given the very substantial current account surpluses in their economies.”
China's yuan and South Korean won's REER rates are the highest in the region, trading at 122.6 and 110.7 respectively, according to a JP Morgan REER index based at 100 in 2010.
Asian exports have largely managed to absorb the rise in regional currencies while benefiting from robust global demand and a recovery in commodity prices.
China's exports increased in 2017 for the first time in three years, while Japan's exports saw their biggest growth in seven years.
Despite the baht gaining about 10 percent against the dollar, Thai exports grew 9.9 percent last year, the biggest rise in six years.
“Generally exports react more to external demand conditions, rather than currencies,” said Mizuho's Chang.
“We don't see currency strength holding back exports in Asia, given that external demand is on an upswing at the moment.”
Regional trade momentum is set to continue this year with South Korea, for example, showing robust export growth in January driven by computer chips and petroleum products.
Nonetheless, the operating profits of Asian companies making much of their revenue from exports are expected to take a hit from the sharp rise in their domestic currencies.
Iran arrests 'Sultan of Coins' suspected of hoarding gold
TEHRAN, Iran (AP) — Iranian state TV says police have arrested a man who was hoarding two tons of gold coins in order to manipulate the market.
The Wednesday report quotes Tehran police chief Gen. Hossein Rahimi as saying the 58-year-old suspect had accomplices who helped him collect the coins over the past 10 months. He did not identify the suspect, who state media referred to as the "Sultan of Coins."
Two tons would be the equivalent of around 250,000 coins.
Iranians have stocked up on gold coins and other safe haven investments as the local currency has plummeted in recent months. The Iranian rial has plunged to 90,000 to the dollar — double the government rate of 42,000.
Everybody foresaw the departure of Abdul Kanneh from the Ottawa Redblacks on Tuesday.
Releasing both Chris Milo and Damaso Munoz on the same day, though? Those moves were a little unexpected for their timing, though less so for the fact they happened.
“Not that I didn't expect it, but maybe I saw it coming a little bit,” Milo, a 30-year-old kicker, said a few hours after the Redblacks released him. “It's part of football, it's part of business.
“I definitely want to still play. It's tough when your team is signing guys right after the Grey Cup and I have been kind of hurt, too, so you start playing out scenarios in your mind and this is the scenario that has played out.”
Milo signed with the Redblacks in 2015, not long after he was released by the Saskatchewan Roughriders, the club with which he spent his first four-plus CFL campaigns.
His last Redblacks kick was a 45-yard field goal in overtime against Hamilton at TD Place stadium on Oct. 21. A lower-body injury in warm-up before the next contest, at Winnipeg, forced punter Ray Early into emergency duty for field goals and he remained in the dual roles for the rest of the season.
Early was recently signed to a new contract, as was Ottawa-area kicker Sean Decloux, who spent four years at the University of Maine. On the roster are also Zack Medeiros, who handled kickoff duties late last season, and Ronnie Pfeffer, who missed the 2016 campaign because of injury after punting in 2015.
“I want to thank the fans and everybody here for (their support),” Milo said. “Hopefully you haven't heard the last of me.”
Overall with Ottawa, Milo made 78-of-92 field-goal attempts (84.8%), 63-of-71 one-point converts (88.7%), and he averaged about 40 yards for 29 punts, mostly as an injury replacement for others.
He objected to what he said were occasional suggestions that his on-field performance in 2016 had somehow been negatively affected by the birth of a daughter, Mikaela, for him and wife Véronique Cloutier in early August.
“That's tough to swallow,” Milo said. “She doesn't have anything to do with me playing football. You start questioning certain things. It becomes personal. I don't think anything I do outside of the football field affects how I am as a player.
“Sometimes you have an off day. Everybody has an off day whether you're playing football or selling cars.”
Munoz, who signed with the Redblacks midway through their first season in 2014, led the team in tackles in each of the past two campaigns with 74 and 84, respectively. He also intercepted two passes, recovered two fumbles, forced four fumbles, collected eight quarterback sacks and knocked down six passes.
According to general manager Marcel Desjardins, though, the Redblacks couldn't afford to keep the 30-year-old Munoz on the roster. There was also something of a logjam at linebacker since the team had also re-signed Taylor Reed and Jerrell Gavins.
“Chris was more of a performance thing. He did some very good things for us, but there was some inconsistency there,” Desjardins said in a late-afternoon media conference. “We felt with Ray Early, Zack Medeiros, Ronnie Pfeffer and Sean Decloux, we have a good group of guys. Chris is the greatest guy you'd ever want to have on your team, but we can't base all of our decisions on what a person is about. It's about how he is as a player as well.
“With Damaso, finances came into the equation. We were able to free up some money to go do other things.”
The departure of Kanneh, a two-time all-star at defensive halfback who had also been with the Redblacks since 2014, was not surprising. He ended up with the Hamilton Tiger-Cats.
Kanneh had been among 16 players whose contracts with the Redblacks expired at noon Tuesday. Also among that group were: offensive lineman J'Micheal Deane; receivers Ernest Jackson, Scott Macdonell, Khalil Paden and Chris Williams; running backs Kienan Lafrance and Travon Van; quarterback Danny O'Brien; defensive linemen Moton Hopkins, Mike Moore and Aston Whiteside; linebacker John Boyett; defensive back Nick Taylor; and kick returners Tristan Jackson and Jamill Smith.
FOND FAREWELL
Abdul Kanneh got his money from the Hamilton Tiger-Cats, not the Ottawa Redblacks, but at least he didn't burn any bridges on his way out of town Tuesday.
“It was difficult,” Kanneh told Hamilton radio station TSN 1150 about his decision to leave the 2016 Grey Cup champions as a free agent. “We built a lot over there. I've been there for three years … 2½ years … and they gave me my first opportunity into the CFL. There are a lot of great things over there.
“We won the Grey Cup there. It was real remarkable, real special being in Ottawa, but that day is over with and now I'm a Tiger-Cat, so I'm ready to start that and bring a Grey Cup to Hamilton.”
Kanneh played 43 regular-season games with the Redblacks after signing with the team in 2014. Seeing duty at both cornerback and defensive halfback, he was an all-star in 2015-16 and compiled 138 tackles, 12 interceptions, three sacks and five forced fumbles.
However, the Redblacks had to choose to spend elsewhere on retaining their own free agents, such as offensive lineman Nolan MacMillan and receiver Greg Ellingson.
“It was free-agency time and I just felt like (signing with Hamilton) would be a good move for me and my family,” Kanneh said during his radio interview.
gholder@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/HolderGord
With files from Tim Baines
Blue/Gray Comforter Set
Reversible Twin Sets
Pem America Twin Set
Pink Full/Queen Set
This is a seriously good deal: Right now you can score three-piece comforter sets from Macy's for less than $20. Right now, Macy's has deep discounts on closeout comforter sets. On top of that, they're offering an extra 15 percent off with the promo code BTS. Since these are closeout items, it looks like these savings can be found(though you might find different closeout deals at your local Macy's!). Some good news if you're a fan of shopping in person: The extra 15 percent off is good for both in-store and online purchases. Thepromo code is good for 15 percent off select shoes, coats, suits, dresses, lingerie, women's swimwear, suit separates, sport coats and home items. A quick note: The promo code will only work on select items and items that are on sale or marked as clearance. The same code will also get you an extra 20 percent off select men's clothing and accessories, juniors and kids items. (Check out all the restrictions here .) The promo code is good through Aug. 18. And now, without further ado, here are some of the three-piece comforter sets we found on deep discount.This blue and gray striped comforter set is just $18.69 (regularly $80) after all the Macy's discounts. You can snag a full or queen size set in this pattern.This Jessica Sanders two-piece reversible comforter set for twin beds is also just $18.69 (regularly $80) after the sales and promo codes.This Pem America reversible twin comforter set is also on sale for $18.68 (regularly $80).This bright pink three-piece reversible full/queen set is also on sale for $18.69 (regularly $80).
This story originally appeared on Don't Waste Your Money. Checkout Don't Waste Your Money for other great tips and ideas to make the most out of life.
Unsplash Photo by Kelly Sikkemav
BRAINTREE -- In response to what is shaping up to be one of the worst flu seasons in years, Cardinal Seán P. O'Malley has issued several liturgical directives to parishes in the Archdiocese of Boston, urging both pastors and parishioners alike to take certain precautions during Mass.
In a Jan. 20 memo released by the Office of Risk Management, the cardinal directed that the holy water fonts be drained, cleaned, and re-filled with holy water regularly, that the Sign of the Peace be offered without any physical contact, and that the Precious Blood for the faithful be suspended, "with the exception of those who must receive from the cup due to medical reason."
The Church, the memo notes, "teaches that Christ, whole and entire, is received even under only one species."
Additionally, ministers of Holy Communion are advised to distribute the consecrated host with care, "being cautious not to touch the tongue or the hand of the communicant. Ministers should also wash their hands before Mass in preparation for the distribution of consecrated hosts."
The memo also reminds parishioners that if they feel ill or suspect they are ill with a contagious disease, they are not bound by the Sunday Mass obligation. Instead, they are advised to stay at home and return to church when they are well.
SAN DIEGO (AP) — For the second straight year, twins in San Diego are getting attention because, though born just minutes apart, one has a birthday in 2016 and one in 2017.
KFMB-TV reports the twin girls were born at Sharp Mary Birch Hospital for Women & Newborns.
One girl arrived at 11:56 p.m. on Dec. 31, and the other came on Jan. 1, 2017 at midnight.
The family was not available for comment.
Last year, a baby girl and boy arrived one minute before and two minutes after the New Year at San Diego Kaiser Permanente Zion Medical Center.
Andrea Heydlauf (L-R), Chief Marketing Officer for African Parks, Rachel Webber, National Geographic Partners' Executive Vice President of Digital Product, director and writer Imraan Ismail join former U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton attending a panel discussion... REUTERS
NEW YORK Hillary Clinton, who until recently had avoided the spotlight in the wake of her election defeat in November, made a surprise appearance at New York's Tribeca Film Festival on Saturday as a panelist to discuss illegal elephant poaching.
The discussion followed the premiere of Academy Award-winning director Kathryn Bigelow's virtual reality documentary "The Protectors: Walk in the Rangers' Shoes." The eight-minute film allows viewers to experience what it is like to work as a park ranger trying to save elephants in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
"We've got to bust this market," Clinton said of the global ivory trade.
The unexpected public appearance on Earth Day was one of several Clinton has made recently, following a period of silence after the former Democratic presidential candidate lost the November election to President Donald Trump.
Clinton said she first began focusing on the "horrific slaughter" of elephants when she was secretary of state and later helped launch an anti-poaching initiative at her family's nonprofit Clinton Global Initiative.
More than 30,000 elephants are killed by poachers every year in Africa.
In addition to endangering vulnerable elephant populations, trafficking also provides financial support to extremist militant groups, Clinton said.
"When we were looking at this, we thought there were three overriding goals: stop the killing, stop the trafficking and stop the demand," she said.
While China is the world's biggest market for illegal ivory, the United States ranks No. 2, Clinton said, requiring Americans to take a leading role in fighting elephant poaching.
Clinton also mentioned the March for Science, which took place in Washington and other cities around the world earlier on Saturday. The Earth Day event was in effect a protest against what critics say has been the Trump administration's disregard for evidence-based knowledge and research.
"Here it is, Earth Day, and we are marching on behalf of science," Clinton said to applause in the theater.
In early April, Clinton granted her first interview since her defeat by Trump, breaking her silence at the Women in the World Summit in New York. In front of a live audience, she voiced support for U.S. bombing raids on Syrian airfields and said Russian interference in the presidential election was a theft more damaging than Watergate.
(Reporting by Joseph Ax; Editing by Phil Berlowitz)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
LOS ANGELES, CA -- She didn't blame it on the alcohol.
Roseanne Barr says Ambien was the cause of her racist rant on Twitter Tuesday morning.
The comedienne went on Twitter Wednesday to say her post was "unforgivable" and that she was under the influence of the sleeping pill.
She also said that she didn't know former President Obama's adviser, Valerie Jarrett, was black. Jarrett's the woman Barr compared to an ape in an earlier tweet, and that's what led ABC to drop the "Roseanne" reboot.
Meanwhile, the makers of Ambien went on Twitter to defend themselves -- assuring people that racism is not a side effect of the drug.
On Wednesday, President Trump broke his silence by sending out a Tweet about Disney CEO Bob Iger. The president said Iger never came to *his* defense when horrible statements were made about him on the network.
Bob Iger of ABC called Valerie Jarrett to let her know that “ABC does not tolerate comments like those” made by Roseanne Barr. Gee, he never called President Donald J. Trump to apologize for the HORRIBLE statements made and said about me on ABC. Maybe I just didn't get the call? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 30, 2018
Even though she Tweeted that she was going to leave Twitter, Barr continued to reply to the backlash Wednesday.
@ValerieJarrett i don't know if u saw it, but I wanted2 apologize to u 4 hurting and upsetting u with an insensitive & tasteless tweet. I am truly sorry-my whole life has been about fighting racism. I made a terrible mistake wh caused hundreds of ppl 2 lose their jobs. so sorry! — Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) May 30, 2018
She also tweeted several apologies to Jarrett. During an interview on MSNBC, Jarrett said no one needs to worry about her.
"Well first of all, I think we have to turn it into a teaching moment. I'm fine," she said. "I'm worried about all the people out there who don't have a circle of friends and followers who come right to their defense."
As for Roseanne, it certainly seems this is going to be tough one for her to laugh her way out of.
34.052234 -118.243685
Western Digital seeks injunction to block Toshiba chip business transfer
TOKYO, June 15 Western Digital Corp said it has sought an injunction that would stop Japan's Toshiba Corp from selling its NAND chip business, deepening a spat between the partners.
Web-savvy individuals have long sought to prevent websites accessing their "digital fingerprint" by using different browsers, and while the technique is unsophisticated, it has hitherto been entirely effective. Web user are moved to shroud their "digital fingerprints" as they can be used by websites to track an individual's entire internet usage, across multiple websites.
Websites have long-sought to circumvent this trick, employing covert strategies such as monitoring the way visitors type on their keyboards, and embedding imperceptible sound in online ads and websites.
Website to find out your digital fingerprint, compare global stats and info on how to protect your privacy online https://t.co/iGzCh3qGy1 — Paula Minelgaitė (@PaulaMinelgaite) August 25, 2015​
However, the technique stumbled upon by researchers allows any website to easily and effectively track an individual's activity works across multiple browsers for the first time, and is also even more accurate than previous single-browser fingerprinting.
(Cross-)Browser Fingerprinting via OS and Hardware Level Features: https://t.co/OvOcKoL0Ia (pdf) — Binni Shah (@binitamshah) January 13, 2017​
The researchers tested the new application by collecting 3,615 fingerprints from 1,903 users over a three-month period — it successfully identified 99.2 percent of users.
Alex Walker, chief technology officer at UK cybersecurity firm Hook.ee, believes that while the average net user doesn't necessarily change their browser with much frequency, the technique still means an individual's online life will be considerably less private in future.
"It's definitely harder now to protect yourself, as you may have multiple browsers, but not multiple machines. This will be a goldmine for sites that rely on targeted advertising — I believe Amazon make 30 percent of their sales based on recommendations — and with 99% accuracy, it'll increase advertising revenue a tiny bit. It also shifts the cost of advertising to the consumer — using a digital fingerprint, they can get your computer to perform a variety of tasks, each one costing battery power, and therefore electricity," Mr. Walker told Sputnik.
Mr. Walker believes there's not many users can do to beat the technique either. Moreover, the ultra privacy conscious, who use the Tor browser — repeatedly endorsed by Edward Snowden — to access the web may not be safe from its reach, either.
"If a user hits targeted advertising while using Tor, then change to their normal browser, that advertiser could know that it was the same person — that's not so cool," Mr. Walker added.
The news comes just as the European Union seeks to crack down on websites tracking users' "digital fingerprints." The EU was moved to tackle the issue after it was found that leading websites such as Facebook and Google were evading cookie policy requirements by accessing digital fingerprints instead.
"Parties who wish to process device fingerprints generated through the gaining of access to, or the storing of, information on the user's terminal device must first obtain the valid consent of the user," the EU's data regulator group wrote.
In a statement, Jim Killock, executive director of the Open Rights Group, said that while many companies had "little interest in being transparent about their use of customers' data," building profiles to deliver personalised content and adverts "clearly" falls under e-privacy and data protection laws, and should be governed by the same restrictions as cookies and the like.
March 30 TechnipFMC Plc:
* TechnipFMC Plc - pursuant to exchange offers, issued approximately, $215.4 million in aggregate principal amount of new 2017 notes
* TechnipFMC Plc - pursuant to exchange offers, issued approximately $459.8 million in aggregate principal amount of new 2022 notes - SEC filing
* TechnipFMC Plc - new 2017 notes will mature on October 1, 2017; new 2022 notes will mature on October 1, 2022 Source text: (bit.ly/2odPaLo) Further company coverage:
It was a case of job done for Malachy O'Rourke as he reflected on Monaghan's 13 point win over Leitrim on Saturday last with the former Fermanagh player expressing the opinion that “The performance was ok at times, there were a lot of areas we would like to be improving as well but it is job done and we are in the draw.”
Having unexpectedly lost to Fermanagh in the Ulster Championship, O'Rourke and his Monaghan team are back on track in their quest to reach the inaugural Super 8s - “I think it's everybody's ambition at this stage to get through to the Super 8s. I think we came here today to get through to the next round and we achieved that.”
For Monaghan, Saturday's game was a difficult one to prepare for as his side would have been relatively unfamiliar with Leitrim and Malachy stressed the most important thing from his team's point of view was to focus on their own job.
“It is important to set your own standards and making sure you get a lot of things right and you feel that if you do that and you get your workrate right and so on things will take care of themselves.
“We weren't really concentrating on Leitrim as much as ourselves but there are some things we did well and some things we need to improve on and we haven't that much time to do it but that is the task in front of us.”
While Monaghan ultimately emerged comfortable winners, the opening 25 minutes proved to be very competitive with Leitrim bossing large parts of the opening exchanges although O'Rourke said he wasn't surprised by how events unfolded.
“I always felt that it would be like that, that Leitrim would put it up to us. They were coming in after a good victory and there is a lot of young, good players there. We did feel that would be the way the game would be.
“We were just hoping that as the game went on we would eventually get on top and convert our scores and that is probably the way it turned out.”
Paying tribute to Leitrim, Malachy is hopeful Saturday's game will stand to them in the weeks to come - “Leitrim put it up to us and we were glad of that as well. They tested us and hopefully it will help us to go into next week.”
On a day in which both sets of players were subjected to conditions and temperatures rarely seen during matches in Ireland it was hard to be critical of either side, but Malachy insists there remains room for improvement.
Looking for areas in which his side can improve Malachy acknowledged Monaghan will need to be more clinical if they are to keep their hopes of reaching the last eight alive.
“Last week (against Waterford) we were very clinical, this week we weren't,” was O'Rourke's initial assessment when focusing on areas his side can improve.
“We created a lot of chances but we didn't finish them well. There is no doubt it is an area we will be trying to improve. We would have been expected to beat Leitrim, they are a Division 4 team.
“The team we will meet next week will be a higher quality and we won't be able to get away with missing chances like that.”
The surprise defeat at the hands of Fermanagh is quickly becoming a distant memory for the Farney county and Malachy acknowledged he is pleased with the momentum his team is generating.
“Yeah, that's it, that's what we wanted to do. Some aspects of the performances have been good, other things we need to improve on but we have a week to do it and that's what we'll be aiming to do.”
Monaghan now know they will face Laois in the next round but when asked on Saturday if he had any preferences he insisted he would be happy with whoever emerged in the draw.
“No, we know all the three teams we could play, they are all coming back on the rebound after losing a provincial final. They are taking plenty of positives out of those provincial finals.
“I suppose Cork would have been disappointed with their display but they had a great victory against Tipperary and they will be coming with all guns blazing to get back into the race. Whoever we get we'll take and we'll try to perform.”
SEE THIS WEEK'S LEITRIM OBSERVER AND WWW.LEITRIMOBSERVER.IE FOR MORE FROM LEITRIM'S QUALIFIER GAME AGAINST MONAGHAN.
Stringent fuel economy standards and the rising demand for technologically advanced engine management systems are the key factors aiding the expansion of the market for automotive engine management systems. In a recently published report, titled “Automotive Engine Management System Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2015 – 2021,” Transparency Market Research studies the growth trajectory exhibited by the global automotive engine management system market in detail. The report also analyzes the factors driving and restraining the market.
The report forecasts the global market for automotive engine management system to expand at a steady CAGR of 5.5% between 2015 and 2021. The market stood at US$145.1 bn in 2014 and is anticipated to reach a valuation of US$210.6 bn by the end of 2021.
An automotive engine management system makes for one of the most integral parts in any vehicle. This system enables the vehicle to function efficiently and run smoothly on the road without any trouble. The system comprises an engine control unit (ECU), engine sensors, fuel pump, and various other components that help in transmitting data about the engine's behavior to the engine management system. The emission, fuel efficiency, and the overall performance of every vehicle depend on the automotive engine management system.
Obtain Brochure Of Report https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=4176
Currently, the world recognizes the automotive industry as one of the fastest growing domains exhibiting immense opportunities for technologically upgrading vehicles for gaining better fuel efficiency and overall performance. Hence, with the advent of the latest technologies, the global automotive engine system market is poised to surge exponentially. The system is also considered indispensable for HCV, LCV, and passenger cars. Additionally, the rising disposable income of customers will allow them to spend on high-end models of cars and commercial vehicles, which will in turn fuel the demand for automotive engine management systems.
Based on engine type, the global automotive engine management system market is bifurcated into diesel and gasoline. Of these, gasoline-run engines currently hold the largest share in the market. The dominance of this segment is mainly due to its superior fuel combustion and low maintenance needs. Based on vehicle type, the global automotive engine management system market is segmented into HCV, LCV, and passenger cars.
Obtain Sample Of Report https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=4176
Regionally, the global market for automotive engine management systems was led by Europe in 2014. The presence of long-established original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) such as Mercedes-Benz, BMW, and Volkswagen in the region aids the robust growth of the automotive engine management system market in the region. Asia Pacific is also expected to emerge as a lucrative market for automotive engine management systems with rapid expansion of the automotive industry in the developing nations in the region.
To provide a comprehensive overview of the competitive landscape, the report profiles companies such as Robert Bosch GmbH, Hitachi Automotive Systems Ltd., Delphi Automotive PLC, Denso Corporation, Sensata Technologies, Infineon Technologies AG, Continental AG, and BorgWarner Inc. The strengths and weaknesses of these companies are studied, and the threats and opportunities that they are anticipated to witness in forthcoming years are analyzed in detail.
Zoe Shelley has a fun little challenge for her friends when they're out at the movies taking in the new Wonder Woman superhero flick.
“If you can spot me, I'll be very impressed,” said Shelley, who appears for “about a millisecond” in the latest Hollywood blockbuster.
That blip of screen time, however, is the product of an exhaustive search for just the right women to portray the Amazonian warriors who charge into battle alongside the super-heroine, played by Israeli actress Gal Gadot, after weeks auditions and callbacks, rigorous workouts with elite fitness trainers, and months of “hurry up and wait” filmmaking in Southern Italy.
“It was a small part in the film, but it was a big part of my life,” said Shelley, whose partner is NACO musical director Alexander Shelley.
Shelley had no prior acting experience, and had no aspirations for the bright lights of Hollywood when she learned of the casting call. She was working as a personal trainer in London, England, when a client who was temping at a casting agency told Shelley she had the right look for the part – “a tall, dark, athletic woman” – without saying which part it was, or which film.
At first she wasn't that interested, but the client was convincing.
“She said, ‘They're really struggling to find the right person and I really think you should apply,' ” said Shelley, who was eventually chosen for the part out of more than a thousand women who had applied. “That was a nice ego massage.”
Her audition for the London production consisted mostly of various physical feats, like reacting as if she'd just been hit. She then learned the film was Wonder Woman, and the part was for a “special action artist,” or as Shelley explained, “essentially skilled background” with some martial arts, archery and swordfighting – and “very little” traditional acting required.
“It was like playtime,” she said. “I didn't want to leave the audition.”
From there it was off to “boot camp” with celebrity trainers Gym Jones, where Shelley and her co-stars – fellow non-actors who worked in day jobs as police officers, athletes, personal trainers – would regularly cross paths with other superheroes-in-training from other film franchises, including the forthcoming Justice League and Aquaman movies.
“It was as much a mental exercise as a physical one,” Shelley said. “They said they wanted the audience to believe we would die for one another on the battlefield, because we had already died for one another in the training room.”
The two-week training program whittled the 40 prospective extras down to 20, “which was incredibly nerve-racking.”
She made the cut, and flew to Italy for two months of filming in March 2016.
“My mind was totally blown by the scale,” she said. “I had no idea how long it takes to set up a scene – the lighting, the angles, the cameras, the choreography.
“For the beach battle scene, we were on this little beach about four hours south of Naples, which (along with several other locations along the Amalfi coast) makes up Paradise Island, where the Amazonians are from.
“We were there for three weeks, including about a week of rehearsal, with a cast and crew of 700 people who took over every hotel and resort. We'd be doing 4 a.m. wakeups, go in for hair and makeup, put on our costumes – and these were not the kind of costumes you could put on yourself – speak to the directors, hurry here, hurry there … the whole process was so extreme, and then you'd sit there waiting for five hours in 30-degree weather. In the sun. In costume.
“Then, in the final film, the length of the entire battle scene is maybe a minute.”
On an off-day, she had the misfortune of dislocating her elbow. That could have been curtains for such a physically-demanding part, but instead it led to the opportunity to act as a stand-in for the film's star, Gal Gadot, since she is the same height with a similar look.
“It was really the experience of a lifetime, and mostly because of the people I worked with on it. It's a hugely female-dominated film, and for the group of 20 of us and the journey we went on together, of suffering and supporting and lifting each other up, it was very empowering. It's a powerful reminder of what women can achieve when we're working together for one another. It was a true sisterhood.”
Shelley has now seen the critically-lauded film twice, and she's a fan.
“I'm biased, but I love it, because for me it really represents an amazing time in my life,” she said. “But also you come out of the film as a woman feeling totally badass, like you can take on an army.”
ahelmer@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/helmera
FRANKFURT The European Central Bank will not exit its ultra-loose monetary policy faster than it considers appropriate by following the Federal Reserve, the ECB's vice president said on Monday.
The Fed has increased its benchmark rate in March and is expected to push it up at least twice more this year.
The ECB's official policy rate stands at zero as the inflation rate in the 19-member currency bloc is still below the central bank's target.
"We have, in Europe, an independent monetary policy and we don't follow the Fed or the Fed interest rates," Constancio said at a hearing in the European Parliament.
Constancio told lawmakers that each central bank should deal with its own domestic situation: "That's the way it should be."
(Reporting by Andreas Framke and Christoph Steitz; Editing by Tom Heneghan)
Pedro Hernandez has been found guilty for the 1979 murder and kidnapping of Etan Patz.
The verdict was handed down by a jury around noon Tuesday, nine days after the began deliberations in the case.
Hernandez, 56, was convicted of felony murder and acquitted of intentional second-degree murder by the jury, meaning that the jury believed he did mean to kill the boy.
The convicted killer, who is now facing a possible sentence of life in prison, showed no signs of emotion as the jury read out their verdict on today.
Etan, 6, vanished while walking alone to school for the very first time on May 25, 1979 and his face was one of the first on milk cartons.
His body has never been found.
Etan's father Stan openly wept in court as the verdict was read aloud, and was comforted by some of the jurors from the last trial who came to hear the verdict.
Many of those individuals were in tears as well when they learned that Hernandez had been found guilty.
He also took time to hug members of the district attorney's office and in a statement afterwards thanks those people who offered their help and support in the case over the past four decades.
"The Patz family has waited a long time, but we've finally found some measure of justice for our wonderful little boy, Etan,' said an emotional Stan on Tuesday.
Continued below.
Related Content Your views: Readers letters' Political Roundup: Bill English loses the Trump immigration debate Police: Man in custody of health authorities following stabbing of grandfather at Little Rangitoto Reserve in Remuera
"I'm really grateful that this jury finally came back with which I have known for a long time - that this man, Pedro Hernandez, is guilty of doing something really terrible so many years ago."
He later added: "It's about time."
The current jury's foreman also spoke out after the verdict saying that the group "had constructive conversations, based in logic, that were analytical and creative and adaptive, and compassionate."
Hernandez confessed to the murder and kidnapping of the Etan in 2012 after the case made national news again when federal agents dug up a New York City basement looking for Etan's remains.
He had been tried once before, but the case ended in a hung jury after all but one member voted to convict Hernandez after 18 days of deliberations.
Over the years, Hernandez told a friend, his ex-wife and a church group that he had killed a young person in New York by choking and dumping the body, though the details varied, according to trial testimony.
Hernandez never mentioned Etan by name, but his brother-in-law called police with the tip that led law enforcement to him five years ago.
That was when he confessed to the boy's death.
Hernandez told police that he offered Etan a soda to get him into the basement of the store where he worked and then choked him before putting him in a box which he left with a pile of curbside trash.
Etan was still alive at the time according to Hernandez.
"Something just took over me," he told police.
Defense lawyers and doctors portrayed Hernandez as man with psychological problems and intellectual limitations that made him struggle to tell reality from fantasy.
They claimed that these conditions made him susceptible to falsely confessing to the murder of the child after more than six hours of questioning.
Hernandez's daughter testified that he talked about seeing visions of angels and demons and once watered a dead tree branch, believing it would grow.
"Pedro Hernandez is an odd, limited and vulnerable man," stated defense lawyer Harvey Fishbein in his closing argument.
"Pedro Hernandez is an innocent man."
Fishbein also said that he planned to appeal the case, telling reporters: "In the end, we don't believe this will resolve the story of what happened to Etan back in 1979."
Prosecutors meanwhile said that Hernandez faked and exaggerated his symptoms.
Manhattan District Attorney Cy Vance also released a statement on Tuesday, saying: 'The disappearance of Etan Patz haunted families in New York and across the country for nearly four decades.
"Etan's legacy will endure through his family's long history of advocacy on behalf of missing children. However, it is my hope that today's verdict provides the Patz family with the closure they so desperately deserve."
- Daily Mail
Educational Qualification: Graduate Important Date: Starting date for applying: 29-12-2016 Ending date for applying: 15-2-2017 View More Details Apply Online Registration Click Here
RSVP below for you and a guest to join 94.7 The WAVE on Thursday, October 26th for a FREE show with Hiroshima at Morongo Casino Resort & Spa. Or call our RSVP line at 323-930-5521.
Must be 21 and older to attend.
FIFA World Cup has attracted not only a lot of fans but also foreign correspondents to Russia. Many of them wrote that fears about their visit to the country had not materialized and they have only fond memories of their trip. Sputnik offers you a glimpse to what Russia is like from the perspective of foreign photographers.
Swedish teenager William Nilsson will return to the RX2 International Series in 2018 to try and improve on an already impressive set of results from his rookie year.
Nilsson was the youngest driver in the series last year, but didn't let this get in the way of his strong results. He made it into every semi-final throughout the year and took a podium in front of his home-crowd at Höljes. Alongside this, he took victory in two championships: RallyX Nordic and the Swedish Rallycross Championship.
The Swede is aiming to defend both titles but also has his sights on taking the top spot in RX2s as well. He finished fifth in 2017.
“My goal for this season is to defend my Swedish and RallyX Nordic titles, and the focus will be on trying to win the RX2 International Series as well,” he commented.
“Last year, I was able to prove that I was the best in RallyX Nordic so I know I'm quick and can win competitions, but I'm fully aware that the level is high in RX2.
Everyone is improving all the time and I have to do that too. I would like to thank my sponsors and partners that make it possible for me to do this – I'm really excited to start the season.”
Nilsson will be mounting his title challenge with JC Raceteknik once again. Team Principal Joel Christofferson was impressed with his work last season, and is expecting that with a year of experience, Nilsson will be doing even better this season.
“We've worked very hard with William for the past few years, and last season he really stepped up a gear. I think he found pace that surprised a few people and the faster he got, the more confident he became in himself and the car.
With the experience he has of the competition, the tracks and RX2 in general from last season, I think we can expect really good things from William this year and we will continue to work as hard as we can to help him achieve as much as possible, as we do with all our drivers.”
A SYDNEY office building has been evacuated after the scaffolding equipment went up in flames this morning.
The building on Macquarie St opposite State Parliament is understood to house barristers chambers and had its front facade covered by scaffolding and safety mesh.
Twelve fire trucks with 75 firefighters are on the scene.
Camera Icon The mesh outside the building is believed to have caught fire. Picture: Supplied, Mattew Smith
The mesh is believed to have caught fire this morning and spread to the top of the 14-storey building.
MORE NEWS
GANG RAPIST MOHAMMED SKAF WRITES BEGGING LETTER
YOUNG WOMEN ‘GROOMED AS DRUG MULES'
FAMILY KILLER CLAIMS HE HAS ‘FRESH EVIDENCE'
The Gold Fields House building in Circular Quay went up in similar circumstances in February, with workers evacuated and treated for smoke inhalation.
Again, it appeared the fire spread up the mesh which covered scaffolding which was in place while destruction work was carried out.
Camera Icon The scaffolding equipment on the building went up in flames. Picture: Supplied
“It looked like it started around level six and it's gone all the way to the top,” one witness said.
“Now it's melted down the building and stripped everything else below it.
Camera Icon Traffic is closed in both directions. Picture: News Corp Australia, John Grainger
Camera Icon Twelve fire trucks are at the scene. Picture: News Corp Australia, John Grainger
“The fireys have their sky jet (crane) here and they're trying to put it out.”
“Emergency services are responding to a fire at a construction site on Macquarie Street at Sydney. There have been no reported injuries. Diversions are in place,” NSW Police tweeted about 8am.
The building at 233 Macquarie St, is located behind the Supreme Court of NSW buildings.
Macquarie St between Prince Alfred Rd and Hunter St is closed in both directions.
Ghent is Flanders' third biggest port after Antwerp and Zeebrugge. The port of Ghent is situated to the north of the city along the Ghent to Terneuzen (The Netherlands) Canal. Ships pass via the canal to the Western Schelde at Terneuzen.
Sea tonnage increased by 13.4% between January and September. 24.4 million tonnes of sea freight passed through the Port of Ghent during the first nine months of the year.
Traffic to and from the port using inland waterways is up by 3.4% to 17.1 million tonnes.
The Port of Ghent handled a total of 41.6 million tonnes of goods during the first 9 months of the year.
Following Colombia's World Cup penalty shootout loss to England, internet users employed gallows humor and Pablo Escobar photos to target those who missed their chance to get their team through to the quarterfinals.
On Tuesday, the South American team lost 4-3 during a penalty shootout against England following their 1-1 draw in the World Cup best of 16 clashes.
READ MORE: England Knocks Out Colombia in FIFA World Cup Round of 16 in Penalty Shootout
Colombian players Mateus Uribe and Carlos Bacca have become targets of rather cruel jokes on the internet as they missed their penalties in the nail-biting showdown.
When Carlos Bacca lands back in Colombia pic.twitter.com/gfp6w3kFKK — #TransferSzn🇧🇷 (@LukeUnitedd) 3 июля 2018 г.
I hope Carlos Bacca has done a will. — John Harrison (@HouseclubJH) 3 июля 2018 г.
Carlos Bacca is getting the Andres Escobar treatment isn't he? — Cartlon Cole (@_CarltonCole9) 3 июля 2018 г.
Bacca and Uribe when they go back to Colombia pic.twitter.com/ojY7ynXTch — Cam (@BFooli) 3 июля 2018 г.
Cali cartel looking at Carlos Bacca like pic.twitter.com/HywXmnjWhj — Den Ye Fa (@Denye007) 3 июля 2018 г.
Looks like Bacca will get killed. Typical Milan luck, we won't even get paid for him now smh. — Payetista 🇧🇦⚜️ (@AnelTanovic) 3 июля 2018 г.
1 Uribe
2 Bacca pic.twitter.com/KvMYV91FOk — Lucas Rodríguez (@LucasRodriguezI) 3 июля 2018 г.
Bacca should speak to the hotel concierge, extend his stay a bit, and get as much done on his bucket list as he can before returning home. — The Man in Block 11 (@themaninblock11) 3 июля 2018 г.
Bacca lucky Pablo dead — Pico (Christopher) (@pic0_jefe) 3 июля 2018 г.
R.I.P Bacca 😢 — alishio (@alish1905) 3 июля 2018 г.
This kind of black humor has some background, in fact. Andres Escobar, a Colombian football player, was gunned downed ten days after scoring an own goal against the US, which knocked Colombia out of the 1994 World Cup.
KIEV (Sputnik) — The Ukrainian government on Wednesday approved the introduction of a state of emergency in the country's energy sector due to the blockade of coal supplies from Donbass.
In late December 2016, the so-called Ukrainian volunteer fighters group declared a trade and economic blockade of the self-proclaimed Donetsk People's Republic (DPR) and Luhansk People's Republic (LPR). The breakaway Donbass regions used to supply anthracite coal for producing heat and energy in Ukraine.
© Sputnik/ Alexander Kryazhev Ukraine's Energy Minister Says Russian Imports Only Alternative to Donbass Coal
Ukrainian Energy Minister Ihor Nasalyk said that the state of emergency in the energy sector introduced by the Ukrainian government on Wednesday due to the blockade of coal supplies from Donbasы will continue for not more than two months.
"Today's decision was adopted for a month and could be extended for another month, making it a total of two months and no longer," Nasalyk said.
Nasalyk said Monday that the country's reserves of coal for energy-generating power plants may be depleted in up to 45 days if the blockade is not lifted.
Ukrainian Prime Minister Volodymyr Groysman said earlier on Wednesday that he had asked the Ukrainian National Security and Defense Council discuss all aspects and the impact of the blockade on the lives of Ukrainian citizens and take relevant measures.
Ukrainian Energy Minister Ihor Nasalyk said Monday that the country's reserves of coal for energy-generating power plants may be depleted in up to 45 days if the blockade is not lifted.
TERRE HAUTE, Ind. (WTHI) - A traffic stop in Vigo County ended with one man in jail.
Scroll for more content...
On Friday, police arrested Eshaun Green.
Green is from Chicago.
Indiana State Police said Green was traveling on State Road 63.
That's where say he was going 96 miles per hour in a 60 mile an hour zone.
Police say Green is wanted on a warrant out Illinois.
That warrant is for criminal sexual assault.
Green is in the Vigo County Jail.
VANCOUVER, Canada — A stunt woman has died following an accident on the set of Deadpool 2 in Vancouver.
CBC reports that the motorcyclist crashed through a window of Shaw Tower near Jack Poole Plaza. Canada Place is now closed from Burrard Street to Thurlow Street.
Vancouver Police say Worksafe BC investigators are on the scene.
No word on what caused the accident.
We'll update this article when more information becomes available.
It appears this is a motorcycle stunt gone wrong for a movie, people on scene won't confirm it's Deadpool 2 pic.twitter.com/wXKGg4B0nI — Farrah Merali (@FarrahMerali) August 14, 2017
.@VancouverPD officers survey the scene. Two ambulances were here for some time but left without sirens on. pic.twitter.com/FUiIqJoZ3A — Farrah Merali (@FarrahMerali) August 14, 2017
A motorcycle lays on the ground just across from Jack Poole plaza. You can't see here but above it is broken glass pic.twitter.com/zzl5Ag9gYT — Farrah Merali (@FarrahMerali) August 14, 2017
Lots of police officers here, Canada place is closed from Burrard to Thurlow pic.twitter.com/37szI3yMU7 — Farrah Merali (@FarrahMerali) August 14, 2017
Do you have what it takes to be the next American Idol? If so, we want to help you get to the front of the line to audition for the show's producers.
WLOX is partnering with the IP Resort & Spa Biloxi to hold August auditions for Gulf Coast Idol. Two winning contestants will receive a Silver Ticket and round-trip limousine transportation to the New Orleans American Idol audition on Thursday, September 14.
The Silver Ticket allows contestants to skip the line and audition directly for American Idol producers. They will also receive a cash prize of $2,500 each courtesy IP Resort & Spa and two iPad Minis from Virginia College.
Read more about the competition from our friends at Gulf Coast Weekend: http://weekend.wlox.com/gulf-coast-idol/
See the official rules and entry form here: http://weekend.wlox.com/gulfcoastidol/
Copyright 2017 WLOX. All rights reserved.
Thousands of believers are flocking to a church in New Mexico to see a statue of the Virgin Mary weep, what parishioners claim, are real tears.
The statue was first seen crying tears during services on Sunday May 20. Since then believers have been flocking to the church claiming it's nothing short of a miracle.
The Mexican foundry that created the bronze statue is baffled like everyone else by the phenomenon and has no explanation - calling it "an act of God."
The statue currently is on-loan to the church, but officials hope they can work out an arrangement to keep the statue at the Lady of Guadalupe Church permanently.
In the meantime, the Arch Diocese there in New Mexico has begun investigating the phenomenon saying they're treating it, "in a very scientific way."
One of the ways they've been preserving the evidence is by soaking up the tears with cotton-balls to be analyzed more closely at a later date.
Source: KRQE-TV
See Also:
Sign Up for the Newsletter Enter your email to receive the latest news and information directly to your inbox! Name * First Last
Email *
The loss of a child is a pain no parent should endure, but one couple is now turning that pain into positivity.
Scroll for more content...
Demitri and Heather Wilson saw their daughter's name, Kennedy Wilson, hanging on a wall in the Sentara Leigh Hospital in Norfolk for the first time on Friday afternoon.
Eight years ago, Kennedy was a stillborn - which was heartbreaking for her parents.
"In that moment, it was the toughest time that I've ever experienced and obviously, that my wife has ever experienced too," said Demitri Wilson.
What caused the additional pain was the fact that they could not find a burial gown big enough for their daughter.
Last year, the Wilsons decided to start the nonprofit Kennedy's Angels Gowns.
They take old wedding dresses and turn them into beautiful little burial gowns for parents who lose their children before, during or shortly after birth at no cost.
"Each one is made with love and each one is prayed over," said Heather Wilson about the burial gowns.
On Friday, with money they've raised through the nonprofit, they donated two "Cuddle Cots," which are machines that cool the body of a stillborn baby.
This allows parents more time with the infant they just lost.
The devices give grieving parents the gift of time.
Nurses at the hospital who deal with these grieving parents call the devices a dream come true.
"These Cuddle Cots give our patients the gift of time because it is the only time they are going to have with their baby," Sentara Nurse Deborah Dougherty.
"It's a wonderful service for our parents and the kids have the opportunity to have some sacred time with the baby," said Nurse Debi Bucci.
The Wilsons' goal is to have more Cuddle Cots in hospitals throughout Hampton Roads.
"It would've been so heartwarming to have more time with her and the Cuddle Cot will allow more families to have more time to be with their child," said Demitri.
Heather and Demitri plan to donate other Cuddle Cots to Sentara hospitals at they assemble additional funds through fundraising events, including their first Angel Run 5K last October, and their upcoming dress-in-white ball on April 28.
Success has seemingly followed Dromiskin man Jonny McGailey around in recent times, but especially in the last year.
The renowned strength and conditioning coach, who has previously worked with Munster Rugby and Louth GAA, was an integral member of Cork GAA club Kanturk's magical winning run in both hurling and football codes in 2017, while, this Saturday, his Cork Constitution side will bid to defend their AIL Division 1A rugby title when they face Terenure College in the league semi-final.
However, it's the GAA club's success which is perhaps the more notable achievement for Jonny on a personal level given the circumstances.
Having been involved with the club in 2016, last year saw him take over as the ‘head coach/selector' of the Kanturk footballers, while he was in charge of the hurlers' conditioning as both teams claimed Cork Intermediate Championship honours.
The hurlers even went all the way to claim Munster and All-Ireland titles, the latter of which was won at Croke Park in February.
He describes it as a “dream year” for a club who boast former and current All-Stars, in Aidan Walsh and Anthony Nash. And what was even more significant about the triumphs were the fact that only two of the footballers and four hurlers were not representative on both successful sides.
“It's great to be successful away from home, but, personally, I consider myself to be very lucky,” McGailey told the Dundalk Democrat.
“It's hard work and time-consuming, but I've been a football coach for say, 10 years, and been involved in strength and conditioning at a high level for maybe six, so to get the opportunity to be able to marry the two is fantastic.
“Obviously, I take a fair degree of personal satisfaction from it, but, at the end of the day, it's the lads who put the work in. They're the ones putting the ball over the bar, or in the net, or down for a try,” he added.
According to McGailey, Kanturk's next aim in football is to win the county's Intermediate Premier title, while the hurlers are chasing the senior crown.
NEW YORK, April 13 An executive at the Turkish state-owned bank Halkbank on Thursday pleaded not guilty to involvement in a multi-year scheme to violate U.S. sanctions against Iran.
Mehmet Hakan Atilla, a deputy general manager at Halkbank, entered his plea through his lawyer at a hearing in Manhattan federal court.
U.S. prosecutors accused Atilla of conspiring with wealthy Turkish gold trader Reza Zarrab to conduct hundreds of millions of dollars of illegal transactions through U.S. banks on behalf of Iran's government and other entities in Iran. (Reporting by Nathan Layne in New York)
Amazon will reportedly block Australian consumers from buying products from its overseas e-commerce sites in response to the nation's good and services tax changes.
Shoppers visiting the US store Amazon.com and the online behemoth's other overseas sites will be redirected to Amazon.com.au from July 1.
This coincides with GST changes where online retailers will have to apply the 10 per cent GST to goods bought from overseas sites and shipped to Australia, where currently the tax only applies to imports of goods above $1,000.
Amazon told the ABC it regretted making the decision.
“We have had to assess the workability of the legislation as a global business with multiple international sites,” a spokeswoman said.
Bimini – Reports are that on Monday 19th March 2018 shortly after 11:00am, officers acting on
information went to the Northern Public Cemetery in Porgy Bay, North Bimini, where they
discovered a bag that contained (2) .9mm pistols with (51) .9mm live rounds of ammunition
and (4) magazines.
No arrest was made in this matter, police are actively investigating.
Google Fiber and other ISPs that want to build new networks might get good news from the Federal Communications Commission, which is considering rules that would speed up the process of attaching wires to utility poles.
Current FCC rules allow for up to a five-month waiting period before new ISPs can install wires on utility poles that already hold the wires of incumbent providers. This is a problem for Internet users, who often don't have any choice of high-speed providers. The new FCC proposal from Chairman Ajit Pai could shave a couple of months off the maximum waiting periods. Further Reading Google Fiber says it hasn't gotten access to 44,000 poles in Nashville
The rules wouldn't eliminate all the problems that recently caused Google Fiber to cut its staff and pause fiber operations in 11 cities while it pursues wireless networking technology. But Google Fiber said the initial FCC proposal is a good step.
Google Fiber last year accused AT&T and Comcast of failing to quickly complete utility pole work in Nashville, saying that it caused unnecessary delays in Google's network buildout. These poles are generally owned either by phone companies like AT&T or electric utilities. No matter who owns the poles, it's usually up to each ISP to move its own wires in order to make room for new wires installed by their rivals. The pole owner also has to do work, including the processing of pole attachment applications.
Nashville helped Google Fiber by passing a "one touch make ready" ordinance that lets new ISPs make all of the necessary wire adjustments on utility poles themselves instead of waiting for incumbent providers like AT&T and Comcast to send work crews to move their own wires. AT&T and Comcast both sued Nashville last year in a bid to halt rules.
Google Fiber has fought against AT&T in multiple states over pole access. AT&T and Charter sued the local government in Louisville, Kentucky in order to stop rules similar to those passed in Nashville. Google Fiber also fought AT&T over pole access in Austin, Texas in 2013, but the companies later struck an agreement there.
The FCC is not considering rules that would let ISPs like Google Fiber do all the necessary wire adjustments themselves nationwide, so there would still be waiting periods for new construction. But the new proposal could make the waiting periods a bit shorter.
"Google Fiber is pleased the Commission is taking up the issue of pole attachment timing," the Alphabet-owned ISP said in FCC filings last week. Google Fiber offered what it called "minor edits" to fix some inaccurate descriptions of the current rules in the FCC's draft proposal, it but didn't suggest any major revamping.
The five-month waiting period
The FCC's current five-month timeline for processing pole attachment requests includes 45 days for application review and engineering surveys, 14 days for cost estimates, 14 days for "attacher acceptance," and another 60 to 75 days for the "make ready" work of moving existing wires.
Pai hasn't decided exactly what the new timeline should be. Instead, the proposal suggests some possibilities that could reduce the timeline by at least a few weeks and perhaps more than two months. The proposal also seeks comments from the public on what the new deadlines should be.
"We are seeking to develop an approach that balances the legitimate needs and interests of new attachers, existing attachers, utilities, and the public," the proposal says. "In particular, we recognize that speeding access to poles could raise meaningful concerns about safety and protection of existing infrastructure. We intend to work toward an approach that facilitates new attachments without creating undue risk of harm."
The FCC's utility pole attachment rules apply except when states opt out of the federal regime and come up with their own method of regulating pole attachments. The FCC rules apply in most of the country, but 20 states and Washington, DC have opted out of the federal pole attachment rules.
Pai's pole proposal is part of a larger plan titled "Accelerating Wireline Broadband Deployment by Removing Barriers to Infrastructure Investment." A vote on this notice of proposed rulemaking is scheduled for April 20. There would then be a public comment period before the FCC decides whether to issue final rules. The entire rulemaking process will probably take at least a few months.
"[A]ttaching Internet-related equipment to utility poles is a major cost element for companies of all sizes," Pai wrote. "We'll seek to both lower costs for and speed deployment of this equipment."
Besides changing pole attachment deadlines, the proposal would also eliminate some state and federal regulations and make it easier for carriers to end service on legacy copper networks in order to switch to fiber or wireless ones.
History can tell us a lot about environmental upheaval, say Princeton University historians John Haldon and Lee Mordechai. What is missing in today's debate about climate change is using what we know about how past societies handled environmental stresses to help inform our own situation.
Developing policies to address the challenges of modern, global climate change requires understanding the science and the contemporary politics, as well as understanding how societies through history have responded to the climate changes they encountered.
Ours is not the first society to be confronted by environmental change, Haldon, Mordechai and an international team of co-authors noted in a paper published in the current issue of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. Over the course of history, some societies have been destroyed by natural disasters, like the eruption of Pompeii, while others have learned how to accommodate floods, droughts, volcanic eruptions and other natural hazards.
The key is "how a society plans for and interacts with the stress from nature," said Mordechai, who earned his Ph.D. in history from Princeton in 2017. He cautioned that policymakers looking at how to prepare for global climate change "should understand that it is not going to be a short-term process. It will take time. We, collectively, as a society, need to prepare for these things in advance.
"Human societies are much more resilient, much more adaptive to change than we would expect," he said. He pointed out that many societies developed precisely in locations where the environment was difficult to control, such as the flood basins of the Nile and Euphrates rivers or earthquake-prone areas like Constantinople (now Istanbul).
Similar catastrophic natural events can play out very differently, Mordechai said, depending on how well prepared its society is to handle the occurrence and its aftermath. "In 2010, there were two very similar earthquakes: one in Christchurch, New Zealand, and the other in Port au Prince, Haiti," he said. "The Haiti earthquake killed anywhere between 46,000 and 316,000 people. The Christchurch earthquake, at the same magnitude, killed one person. And it's actually debatable [if that is what] killed him or not."
The differences in the outcomes in Haiti and in New Zealand highlight the host of factors that come into play when examining the connection between a society and its environment. Too often, researchers will spot a correlation between the climate record and the historical record and leap to a too-simple conclusion, said Haldon, the Shelby Cullom Davis '30 Professors of European History and a professor of history and Hellenic studies.
In their article, Haldon and his co-authors looked at four case studies to examine some of the ways societies have and have not coped with natural stresses: the Mediterranean in the Early Middle Ages (600-900), Europe during the Carolingian Era (750-950), Central America in the Classic Period (650-900) and Poland during the Little Ice Age (1340-1700).
In each case, they showed how a simple, environmental interpretation of events overlooked the key context. "If I would have to summarize what history has to contribute: it adds nuance to our interpretation of past events," said Mordechai.
In the case of the Mayans in Caracol, Belize, for example, the authors noted that before its apparent collapse, Mayan society had withstood some 2,000 years of climate variations in a challenging environment. Other authors have suggested that a severe drought ended the civilization, but Haldon's research team correlated archaeological data, written hieroglyphic history and the projected drought cycles and found that the community actually expanded after each drought.
So what else could be responsible for the abrupt end to the massive city? The researchers saw that after a century of warfare, Caracol's elite had adjusted long-standing economic and social policies to widen the divide between themselves and the commoners. The research team concluded that socioeconomic factors, accompanied by warfare, were more responsible for the city's abrupt demise than drought.
Economic inequality is nothing new, said Mordechai, who is now a Byzantine study postdoctoral fellow at the University of Notre Dame. "You find this over and over again," he said. "Disasters serve, in a way, to emphasize differences in our human society. [After a hazardous event], rich people suffer less. You see that all over the place."
In this and their other three case studies, the researchers argued that historians have a vital contribution to make to conversations between archaeologists and climate scientists, because written documents can unlock what they call the "cultural logic" of a society: how people understand what is happening, which in turn determines how they respond to it.
Historians bring "nuance to the search for 'tipping points,'" said Monica Green, a history professor at Arizona State University and a 1985 Ph.D. graduate of Princeton who was not involved in this research. "We want to know which straw broke the camel's back. But sometimes, we realize that the answer lies not in identifying a specific straw, but something about the camel or the ambient environment."
Others have also called for this convergence of history with science, but Haldon's group is the first to show exactly what that might look like, said Carrie Hritz, associate director of research for the National Socio-Environmental Synthesis Center in Annapolis, Maryland, who was not involved in this research. "Past work has centered around calls for integration with somewhat vague statements about how history and archaeological data can be relevant to current studies of the human dimensions of climate change. This paper is unique in that it [provides] detailed examples that link these data to current topics."
In recent years, archaeologists have begun incorporating scientific data sets -- such as pollen deposits that reveal crop choices and tree rings that reflect good and bad growing seasons -- even as biologists have started writing history books that argue for "environmental determinism," the idea that natural events often determine the course of societies.
Neither side has the whole story, said Haldon, who is also an associated faculty member with the Princeton Environmental Institute and the director of the Sharmin and Bijan Mossavar-Rahmani Center for Iran and Persian Gulf Studies at Princeton.
"There's a danger that we perceived that historians who didn't understand the methodologies and problems of the sciences could easily misuse the science," Haldon said. "And we also saw that the same problem works the other way around. Scientists don't really understand how social scientists work and why we ask the questions we ask, so they're often in danger of misusing history and archaeology."
To bring historians, archaeologists and paleoclimate scientists into conversation, Haldon helped launch the Climate Change and History Research Initiative, which funds field research, public lectures, workshops and more.
Since 2013, its collaborators have addressed the question of "how do we get scientists and social scientists to work together and not misunderstand each other or misuse each other's work?" by creating cross-disciplinary research teams that pose and tackle research questions together.
After several years of semiannual, face-to-face group meetings with a growing set of researchers, "we knew we were doing something that nobody else does, but we hadn't thought of how to publicize what we were doing other than through the regular social science approach of writing rather long, boring articles and publishing them in journals nobody reads," said Haldon with a chuckle.
At the suggestion of one of their science collaborators, Haldon and Mordechai distilled their research into a paper for the scientific community.
"The paper is of extremely high importance, because it addresses the lack of true interdisciplinary research in the field of historical environmental studies," said Sabine Ladstätter, director of the Austrian Archaeological Institute, who was not involved in the research. "Complex historical phenomena are currently often discussed without historians in the scientific community as well as in public. This situation in turn leads to simplifying explanatory models, that do not withstand a critical evaluation by historians. The required cooperation between historians, archaeologists and natural scientists (in this case paleo-environmental sciences) is to be welcomed and urgently needed."
If he could leave policymakers with one key piece of advice, said Haldon, he would urge them to resist simplistic conclusions and easy explanations:
"We're trying to explain how societies can respond in differently resilient ways to stresses and strains, and therefore, it's not that climate and environment don't have a direct impact on society, but rather that the way in which societies respond is often very different, and what is catastrophic for one society might be perfectly well-managed by another one, right next door."
"History meets palaeoscience: Consilience and collaboration in studying past societal responses to environmental change," by John Haldon, Lee Mordechai, Timothy Newfield, Arlen Chase, Adam Izdebski, Piotr Guzowski, Inga Labuhn and Neil Roberts was published March 12 in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. The research was supported by the Princeton Institute for International and Regional Studies' Climate Change and History Research Initiative, Poland's National Programme for the Development of the Humanities, and the Georgetown Environmental Initiative.
###
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
VISTA, Calif. -- An Escondido man who killed a friend after challenging the victim to a fight, then posted sounds of the victim crying during the attack on a social media site, was convicted Tuesday of first-degree murder.
A jury deliberated for about 90 minutes before finding Salvador Sanchez guilty in the April 2017 death of 20-year-old Maithem Alfuraiji.
Jurors will now be asked to determine whether Sanchez, now 20, was insane at the time of the murder.
Escondido police Detective Greg Gay said friends of the two men were alarmed by messages posted on the defendant's Snapchat account on April 27, 2017, in which Sanchez can be heard telling the victim "tell them what you did."
Police said Sanchez lured Alfuraiji to Mountain View Park and later challenged the victim to a "fight to the death."
Sanchez told police that he targeted the victim because Alfuraiji was "making decisions and meeting with people" that put everyone they knew in danger.
Friends eventually called police about what they saw on Snapchat and Sanchez led them to Alfuraiji's body on the Rincon Indian Reservation in Valley Center.
Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account?
Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration.
In a series of tweets early Monday morning, President Donald Trump signaled that he would like to move past the weekend attack in Charlottesville and his response to the violence, by mentioning issues like trade and the Alabama special election in a series of tweets instead of addressing the violence in Charlottesville.
Heading to Washington this morning. Much work to do. Focus on trade and military. #MAGA — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 14, 2017
Luther Strange of the Great State of Alabama has my endorsement. He is strong on Border & Wall, the military, tax cuts & law enforcement. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 14, 2017
In his initial statement on the attack at a white nationalist rally and counter-protest, Trump did not explicitly condemn white nationalists, instead denouncing “this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides.” He has yet to personally clarify his remarks or offer any additional condemnations.
But Monday morning, he explicitly went after Democrats in Congress.
A BUS carrying young Australian and New Zealand travellers to the Anzac Day dawn service at Gallipoli has burst into flames.
The 45 passengers were four hours into the journey in Turkey when smoke started belching from the engine of the bus nd they were told to get off, Nine Network reported.
The bus and their belongings were destroyed but organisers transferred the group to a hotel nearby where they received clothes and blankets before boarding another bus to get to the service on time.
There were no immediate reports of injury.
RELATED: Aussies flock to Anzac Cove to pay their respects
According to reports the bus was travelling from Izmir, about five hours from Anzac Cove when the engine of the vehicle caught fire.
The driver pulled the bus to the side of the road and ordered passengers off the vehicle.
The local fire brigade was called to the scene but the vehicle was soon engulfed in flames.
According to Nine, the Australian company organising the Dawn Service, Definitive Events, took the group to a hotel in Cannakkale about 45 minutes from Anzac Cove where clothes and blankets were being provided.
Camera Icon Around 1200 people are expected at this year's Anzac Day service at Anzac Cove. Picture: News Corp Australia, Frank Bessiere/News Corp Australia
Authorities are expecting a surge in the number of Australians visiting the Gallipoli peninsula in Turkey for today's dawn service.
Around 1200 people are expected to attend the dawn service marking 103 years since the carnage at Anzac Cove which cost more than 11,000 Australian and New Zealand lives.
The strong turnout comes a year after a terror threat saw numbers fall to around 700 people.
More to come.
Young people in Dunleer, Co Louth have again been asked to come forward if they have any information about the murder of Cameron Reilly.
The body of the 18-year-old was found in a field with injuries to his neck on Saturday.
Gardaí are still trying to locate his mobile phone - an iPhone 8 Plus with a distinctive black and green cover.
Image: Stephanie Grogan
Detectives say a number of teenagers may have been taking drugs or drinking that night but that's not their focus.
Supt Andrew Watters, who is leading the investigation, explained: "That is not the primary concern or the primary focus of this investigation.
"The primary focus of this investigation is to establish for Cameron's family the truth as to what happened to Cameron."
Image: Stephanie Grogan
This evening, the Army is helping gardaí at the crime scene as they work to find any evidence to help in the investigation.
Several people have been interviewed in connection with the investigation, but no arrests have been made.
1. Eyes fixed on Sanchez after below-par Spurs display
ALEXIS SANCHEZ CUT an isolated figure at Wembley on Wednesday evening as his new club slogged towards a bitter 2-0 defeat to Tottenham.
The Chilean was the marquee signing of the January transfer window the but failed to make a lasting impression during his Premier League debut.
Sanchez succeeded in recording an FA Cup assist on his debut against Yeovil Town but failed to manage a single shot on target during Wednesday's loss in London.
It was the first time the forward had failed to do so all season, with the magnitude of both the game and the fact that it was his first chance to impress a worrisome indicator.
Some have pointed to the system employed by manager Jose Mourinho as restrictive to the explosive, quick nature of the player. Both the player and manager alike will be keen to show his worth against Huddersfield at Old Trafford.
United suffered their first defeat of the campaign away to David Wagner's side back in October.
It was a defeat which showcased the gap in class which exists between themselves and league leaders City, but with Sanchez on board and second place still in their grip, United will be keen to demonstrate they have much more in their armoury to display in the months ahead.
2. Man City aim to extend lead to 18 points
Manchester United's midweek flop at Wembley means Pep Guardiola's side can extend their lead at the top of the Premier League to a massive 18 points this weekend with a win against Burnley at Turf Moor.
The league leaders' momentum shows no signs of letting up as they remain on course for a potential quadruple in 2018, facing into the last sixteen of the Champions League alongside a EFL Cup final on top of remaining in contention for the FA Cup.
Source: PA Wire/PA Images
City secured the services of Aymeric Laporte during the January transfer window and made it 22 wins from 25 with a 3-0 win against West Brom.
With just five games coming their way in February, they will want to put as much distance between themselves and United before the priorities of a deep Champions League campaign take centre take.
3. Theo Walcott makes a quick return to the Emirates
It has been largely a dream start to life in blue for Theo Walcott. The forward bagged a brace against West Brom midweek on a night where things seemed to just fall into place for Everton, with Seamus Coleman also making his long-awaited return on the night.
Walcott drifted apart from Arsenal over the course of the last number of seasons but showcased on Wednesday the potential he still possesses as an attacking threat.
Toffees boss Sam Allardyce claimed two weeks ago that his side needed to play “more boring football”. Walcott will likely not provide that, but will bring to the table a renewed speed, energy and clinical edge to a side lacking in the goals department in recent months.
Theo Walcott scored a brace against Leicester City. Source: Nick Potts
He will return to the Emirates on Saturday and face a warm reception for a much-loved player who had given over a decade of service to the Gunners' cause.
The player will turn 29 next month and enters the twilight of his career with a tinge of regret of what might have been under Arsene Wenger as the years went on and on with the charge of potential unfulfilled labelled against him.
Walcott's brace against the Baggies showcased there is still that same energy and hunger in him. He will be keen to show his old employers what he is capable of on his day.
4. Confident Spurs can overtake Reds with Sunday win
Tottenham were in alluring dreamland after just 11 seconds against Manchester United on Wednesday after Christian Eriksen slipped a fine finish past David de Gea to send Wembley into raptures before many fans had even taken their seats.
They swept Jose Mourinho's side away with an accomplished display which overshadowed the Premier League debut of Alexis Sanchez, with the evening turning almost embarrassing when Phil Jones scored an own goal to double the hosts' lead.
The win meant Mauricio Pochettino's side have suffered just one defeat in their last 14 outings in all competitions; a loss which can perhaps be forgiven against runaway league leaders Manchester City.
Tottenham have lost just one game in their last 14 in all competitions. Source: Xinhua News Agency/PA Images
This competitive run of form means Spurs can now overtake Sunday's opponents Liverpool were they to secure their seventh win in 10.
Jurgen Klopp's side became the first team to beat City all season but soon relapsed into a state of despair with back-to-back defeats against relegation-threatened Swansea and West Brom in the FA Cup at Anfield.
A comfortable 3-0 win against David Wagner's Huddersfield midweek has aired a certain level of calm. Klopp will need to firmly quell this current tide of unease, however facing an in-form Tottenham side hot on their heels will be no easy feat.
Lose, and they will drop below their opponents into fourth place at best. Suffer defeat combined with a Chelsea win on Saturday and the Reds will drop out of the top four.
5. Conte must calm current tide of misfortune
Like Liverpool, January has not been an enjoyable month for Chelsea.
The Premier League champions suffered four draws on the hop in all competitions, exited the EFL Cup, narrowly overcame Norwich on penalties in the FA Cup and were spanked by Bournemouth 3-0 at Stamford Bridge.
The January transfer window runaround will only have added to boss Antonio Conte's stress levels, but like Arsenal and Borussia Dortmund, he will be happy with his lot — bringing in Olivier Giroud and seeing Michy Batshuayi depart on loan to the Bundesliga.
Antonio Conte's side have struggled since the New Year. Source: PA Wire/PA Images
The Italian at last has a backup option to Alvaro Morata up front and in Giroud has a bulky, traditional striker who is proven to score close to 20 goals in the Premier League each season.
All that's left to do now is get on with matters on the pitch, which is easier said than done. A tough February takes in games against Barcelona and Man United, before March begins with a trip to the Etihad.
Watford, under the stewardship of Javi Gracia, will present an achievable win as the Blues face into a heavy couple of months ahead.
Conte is unlikely to remain at Stamford Bridge beyond this season but knows he needs to ensure Chelsea's place in the top four if this season is to stand any measure of credibility.
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
NBC's America's Got Talent kicked off Season 13 on Tuesday night with 12.1 million total viewers and a 2.4 demo rating, steady in audience and down just 10 percent in the demo from last summer's opener.
Leading out of that, World of Dance returned to 7.2 mil and a 1.8, right on par with its freshman average.
Of the night's only other fresh fare:
* Versus their freshman averages, Fox's Beat Shazam (2.4 mil/0.8) was down 14 percent and a tenth, while Love Connection (1.78 mil/0.6) was down 22 percent and a tenth.
* CBS' 48 Hours: NCIS did 4.34 mil and a 0.5.
Want scoop on any summer or fall scripted shows? Email InsideLine@tvline.com and your question may be answered via Matt's Inside Line.
INDIANAPOLIS -- New research shows that patients in the hospital are eager to collaborate with clinicians to track their health data. Traditionally, clinicians have been the only ones who collect, track and reflect on that data.
The findings uncover new directions for researchers in the field of human-computer interaction, said Andrew Miller, one of the researchers and an assistant professor in the Department of Human-Centered Computing in the School of Informatics and Computing at IUPUI.
The researchers reported their findings in a paper, ?"Supporting Collaborative Health Tracking in the Hospital: Patients' Perspectives," that was published by the 2018 ACM CHI Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems, the premier international conference of human-computer interaction.
Previous studies have shown that patients have a better care experience -- and a better health outcome -- when they are engaged in their care, compared to disengaged patients.
But tracking health data in the hospital isn't easy for patients. One of the challenges is that much of a patient's health information is presented verbally. Access to information depends on their alertness and their ability to recall what was said.
"The big idea for this paper was to consider bringing into the hospital the models, approaches and mechanisms that human-computer interaction research has generated for people outside of the hospital to track their physical activity, with devices like Fitbits, and help them manage chronic health conditions like diabetes with glucose monitors," Miller said.
The question, Miller said, was whether those types of devices would help people make sense of their health data when they were in the hospital.
The researchers first questioned patients and their caregivers about what kind of information they would want to track, Miller said.
"We then looked at these models from outside of the hospital to see where there is a match and where we could bring some of the insights from outside of the hospital into the hospital," Miller said. "We think there is substantial evidence in this study to show there is a real opportunity here, and it's something patients are interested in doing."
In fact, he said, researchers were surprised by the degree of interest among patients in tracking their health data. "There was a palpable sense in patients that this is actually something they could use right now."
At the same time, however, patients don't want to track the data by themselves, Miller said: "They're interested in partnering with their care team to get better and doing what they can to help."
###
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
The administrative deep state – the legions of unelected, entrenched bureaucrats in Washington – thinks it doesn't have to answer to an elected president, the rule of law, or the American people. We are now seeking to uncover the truth about the particularly notorious fifth column in the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA).
We just filed Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) lawsuit for communications sent or received by EPA officials who may have used the cell phone encryption application “Signal” to thwart government oversight and transparency. We filed the suit in the United States District Court for the District of Columbia (Judicial Watch v. Environmental Protection Agency (No. 1:17-cv-00533)).
The lawsuit was filed after the EPA failed to respond to our February request for:
Any and all work-related communications sent to or from the following EPA officials using the app known as “Signal,” for the period February 3, 2016, to the present:
Administrator (or Acting);
Deputy Administrator (or Acting);
Assistant Administrator (or Acting), Office of Air and Radiation;
Assistant Administrator (or Acting), Office of Chemical Safety and Pollution Prevention;
Assistant Administrator (or Acting), Office of Enforcement and Compliance Assurance;
Assistant Administrator (or Acting), Office of Land and Emergency Management;
Assistant Administrator (or Acting), Office of International and Tribal Affairs; and
Chief Financial Officer (or Acting).
Any and all records requesting or approving the use of the messaging app known as “Signal” by any EPA personnel for official business. The time frame for the requested records is July 1, 2014, to the present.
You can see that there's no getting around that we want – government records from the secrecy app.
The use of Signal by EPA officials to prevent government oversight was reported in a February 2, 2017, Politico article entitled “Federal workers turn to encryption to thwart Trump.”
According to the article:
Whether inside the Environmental Protection Agency, within the Foreign Service, on the edges of the Labor Department or beyond, employees are using new technology … to organize letters, talk strategy, or contact media outlets and other groups to express their dissent. *** Fearing for their jobs, the employees began communicating incognito using the app Signal shortly after Trump's inauguration. *** [T]he goal is to “create a network across the agency” of people who will raise red flags if Trump's appointees do anything unlawful.
This lawsuit could expose how the anti-Trump “deep state” embedded in EPA is working to undermine the rule of law. Let's hope the Trump administration enforces FOIA and turns over these records. Given EPA's checkered history on records retention and transparency, it is disturbing to see reports that career civil servants and appointed officials may now be attempting to use high-tech blocking devices to circumvent the Federal Records Act and the Freedom of Information Act altogether.
Signal has long been touted within the high-tech community as an encryption device particularly effective for blocking government access to smartphone messaging. In a 2015 article titled “Signal Keeps Your I-Phone Calls and Texts Safe from Government Oversight,” TechCrunch.com advised: “Don't want someone else handing your text messages, pictures, videos or phone conversations over to the government? There's an app for that. An iOS app called Signal is a project out of Open Whisper Systems, a not-for-profit collective of hackers dedicated to making it harder for prying government eyes to get ahold of your information.”
The use of private encryption software such as Signal by federal officials and employees not only may make it difficult for their work to be overseen; it also may make it impossible for federal agencies to fulfill their record-keeping and transparency obligations under the Federal Records and Freedom of Information Acts. The Federal Records Act requires federal employees to preserve all records of work-related communications on government servers, even if such communications occur over non-government emails, phones or text messages. The records must be forwarded on to the agency for preservation and archiving, and the records are subject to release under the Freedom of Information Act, unless specifically exempted.
The Environmental Protection Agency has a history of employees' failing to preserve records and using private emails to conduct agency business or conducting official business through non-official communication channels:
According to a September 20, 2016, report put out by the Energy and Environment Legal Institute, which was based upon emails obtained under FOIA: “Moving select correspondence about EPA-related business to non-official email accounts was an understood, deliberate and widespread practice in the Obama EPA.”
According to a December 21, 2016, Inspector General Report, the EPA's “mobile device-management processes do not prevent employees from changing the device's configuration settings for retaining text messages on all government-issued mobile devices.” Apparently, at least one EPA employee set his phone to delete messages automatically after 30 days.
Although excluded from the body of the IG report, the Inspector General reportedly toldthe chairman of the House Committee on Science, Space and Technology, Lamar Smith, who requested the IG investigation, that EPA officials archived only 86 text messages out of 3.1 million messages sent and received by agency employees in 2015.
Chairman Smith originally requested the IG report in November 2014 after it was revealedthat high-ranking EPA officials, including then-EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy, may have deleted texts to hide official business.
The tech publication Wired covered the new challenges to transparency well:
Judicial Watch, for its part, acknowledges that it may be tough to dig up deleted Signal communications. But another element of its FOIA request asks for any EPA information about whether it has approved Signal for use by agency staffers. “They can't use these apps to thwart the Federal Records Act just because they don't like Donald Trump,” says Judicial Watch president Tom Fitton. “This serves also as an educational moment for any government employees, that using the app to conduct government business to ensure the deletion of records is against the law, and against record-keeping policies in almost every agency.” Fitton hopes the lawsuit will at least compel the EPA to prevent employees from installing Signal or similar apps on government-issued phones. “The agency is obligated to ensure their employees are following the rules so that records subject to FOIA are preserved,” he says. “If they're not doing that, they could be answerable to the courts.”
The issue is now before the courts, so stay tuned.
A fixture of the London landscape and soundscape, Big Ben, is falling silent for four years. The bell will cease its regular tolling while extensive repairs are made to the famous clock tower that looms over the Palace of Westminster, the home of the British Parliament.
The massive bell will mark the hour for the last time at noon on Aug. 21 and then pause for four years while the Elizabeth Tower, which houses the Great Clock and the Great Bell, aka Big Ben, is restored. A larger restoration of the Parliament buildings is likely to begin in the early 2020s, according to a Parliament website.
Quieting Big Ben's mighty bongs will help preserve the hearing of workers involved in the project.
The keeper of the Great Clock, Steve Jaggs, said in a statement that the pause "is a significant milestone in this crucial conservation project." If you're in London next Monday you may want to accept Jaggs' invitation to gather in Parliament Square "to hear Big Ben's final bongs until they return in 2021." However, Big Ben will still bong for important national events such as New Year's Eve and Remembrance Sunday.
The Great Bell has chimed nearly every hour for the past 157 years. It has had previous breaks in service for maintenance and conservation in 2007, in 1983-1985 and in 1976. The 13.7-ton bell, which was forged in the 1850s, is accompanied by smaller chimes that ring out each quarter hour.
The Great Clock has a Victorian-era clockwork mechanism that triggers the bell and chimes. That mechanism and the clock's four faces will also get refurbished, which will require the faces to be covered.
To make sure Londoners don't get completely disoriented and lose track of the correct time, Jaggs says at least one clock face will remain visible. It will keep time with the aid of a modern electric motor, while the Victorian mechanism is being repaired.
By Chris Michaud NEW YORK, May 2 Following is a list of nominees in major categories for Broadway's annual Tony awards, which will be presented at Radio City Music Hall in New York on June 11: the Best musical: "Dear Evan Hansen" "Come From Away" "Natasha, Pierre and the Great Comet of 1812" "Groundhog Day" Best play: "Oslo" by J. T. Rogers "Sweat" by Lynn Nottage "Indecent" by Paula Vogel "A Doll's House Part 2" by Lucas Hnath Best revival of a musical: "Hello, Dolly!" "Falsettos" "Miss Saigon" Best revival of a play: "August Wilson's Jitney" "Lillian Hellman's The Little Foxes" "Six Degrees of Separation" "Present Laughter" Best performance by a leading actress in a musical: Bette Midler, "Hello, Dolly!" Christine Ebersole, "War Paint" Patti LuPone, "War Paint" Denee Benton, "Natasha, Pierre and the Great Comet of 1812" Eva Noblezada, "Miss Saigon" Best performance by a leading actor in a musical: Ben Platt, "Dear Evan Hansen" Andy Karl, "Groundhog Day" David Hyde Pierce, "Hello, Dolly!" Josh Groban, "Natasha, Pierre & The Great Comet of 1812" Christian Borle, "Falsettos" Best performance by a leading actress in a play: Jennifer Ehle, "Oslo" Laurie Metcalf, "A Dolls' House Part 2" Cate Blanchett, "The Present" Laura Linney, "The Little Foxes" Sally Field, "The Glass Menagerie" Best performance by a leading actor in a play: Kevin Kline, "Present Laughter" Jefferson Mays, "Oslo" Chris Cooper, "A Doll's House, Part 2" Denis Arndt, "Heisenberg" Corey Hawkins, "Six Degrees of Separation Best book of a musical: "Dear Evan Hansen" "Natasha, Pierre and the Great Comet of 1812" "Come From Away" "Groundhog Day The Musical" Best original score: "Dear Evan Hansen" "Natasha, Pierre and the Great Comet of 1812" "Groundhog Day The Musical" "Come From Away" Best choreography: "Natasha, Pierre and the Great Comet of 1812" "Bandstand" "Come From Away" "Groundhog Day The Musical" "Holiday Inn" (Reporting by Chris Michaud; Editing by Bernard Orr)
Blue Jays 8, Mets 6
New York Toronto ab r h bi ab r h bi Nimmo cf 4 1 1 0 Grndrsn dh 4 1 2 1 J.Btsta rf 2 1 1 0 T.Hrnnd lf 3 1 1 0 Cabrera 2b 2 1 1 2 Solarte 3b 4 1 1 3 Jo.Ryes pr 0 0 0 0 Smoak 1b 3 0 0 0 Cnforto lf 5 0 1 1 Pillar cf 4 0 0 0 Flores dh 4 1 1 1 R.Mrtin c 3 1 0 0 T.Frzer 3b 4 0 0 0 Grichuk rf 3 2 1 0 Do.Smth 1b 4 1 2 0 Grrl Jr ss 4 1 1 3 Msoraco c 3 1 1 2 D.Trvis 2b 2 1 1 0 Plwecki c 1 0 0 0 A.Rsrio ss 4 0 0 0 Totals 33 6 8 6 Totals 30 8 7 7
New York 220 100 100—6 Toronto 000 010 52x—8
E_J.Bautista (3). DP_Toronto 1. LOB_New York 7, Toronto 5. 2B_Nimmo (10), Conforto (10), Do.Smith 2 (5), Granderson 2 (13). HR_Cabrera (15), Flores (7), Mesoraco (8), Solarte (16), Gurriel Jr. (4). CS_Nimmo (3).
IP H R ER BB SO New York Wheeler 6 1-3 3 2 2 3 5 Swarzak 1-3 1 3 3 2 0 Gsellman BS,6 1-3 1 1 1 0 0 Peterson L,1-1 1 2 2 2 0 0 Toronto Estrada 1-3 1 2 2 1 1 Petricka 2 2-3 2 2 2 1 1 Guilmet 1 1-3 2 1 1 1 1 Mayza 1 1-3 1 0 0 1 1 Biagini 2-3 0 1 1 2 1 Loup 2-3 1 0 0 0 1 Axford W,2-1 1 2-3 1 0 0 1 3 Clippard S,6-10 1-3 0 0 0 0 0
HBP_by Wheeler (Travis), by Peterson (Grichuk). WP_Swarzak.
Umpires_Home, Jim Wolf; First, D.J. Reyburn; Second, Ryan Blakney; Third, Sam Holbrook.
T_3:13. A_24,010 (53,506).
Win Tickets To Erebus Haunted Attraction In Downtown Pontiac!Listen Thursday, October 12th for your chance to win tickets to the Erebus Haunted Attraction in Downtown Pontiac! Erebus, is the four story tower of terror located in Pontiac, Michigan, serving terrifying thrills, unforgettable moments of laughter, and blood curdling screams.
Miller Lite Tailgate ChallengeDo you have the best tailgate in Metro Detroit? 97.1 The Ticket and Miller Lite have teamed up to see if you are the ultimate tailgater!
Miller Lite Appearance – Buffalo Wild Wings97.1 The Ticket and Miller Lite have teamed up to give away Detroit Lions tickets. Come to the Buffalo Wild Wings in Washington Township on October 6 from 7:00 pm – 9:00 pm for your chance to win a four-pack to see the Detroit Lions vs Steelers on October 29 at Ford Field.
Jamie and Stoney Lions Ticket Giveaway - SORRY, THIS CONTEST HAS ENDEDMiller Lite and Jamie and Stoney want to give you tickets to see the Detroit Lions vs Carolina on October 29 at Ford Field. Listen to Jamie and Stoney on October 6 between 6:00am – 10:00am for your chance to win.
Kellyanne Conway on Tuesday struggled to answer basic questions about why White House officials may have known for several weeks that national security adviser Mike Flynn was vulnerable to Russian blackmail yet failed to act.
Flynn resigned late Monday after revelations that he had discussed sanctions with the Russian ambassador a month before Donald Trump became president. Sources told The Washington Post that in January, then-acting Attorney General Sally Yates had warned the Trump administration about possible Russian blackmail and suspected that Flynn misled officials, including Vice President Mike Pence, about his contact with Russia.
But on Tuesday, Conway, who had claimed just hours before his resignation that the White House had “full confidence” in Flynn, repeatedly could not say why the administration waited to act.
On NBC's “Today” show, the White House counselor claimed that “the situation had become unsustainable” after Flynn misled Pence.
“But the fact is, General Flynn continued in that position and was in the presidential daily briefings, as part of the leader calls, as recently as yesterday,” Conway said.
Host Matt Lauer was incredulous.
During a specially scheduled board meeting Friday, the Bullard ISD Board of Trustees appointed a new interim principal today.
Donny Williams will serve as the interim principal at Bullard High School for the remainder of the 2017-2018 school year.
“I am super excited about being at Bullard ISD. There's been a void in my heart with not having engagement with students and faculty for the past five years. My prayer every day is to have a positive influence on people; this position will certainly give me that opportunity once again,” said Williams.
Williams has been in education for over 33 years, most recently in the capacity of administrator and High School Principal at Lindale.
His official start date will be Monday, Feb.5.
"We are blessed to have Mr. Donny Williams step up and lead BHS! He is a man of tremendous character and passion for students and staff. We look forward to the positive impact he will immediately make on the campus and community," added Superintendent Todd Schneider.
Copyright 2018 KLTV. All rights reserved.
WINSTON-SALEM, N.C. - Dec. 11, 2017 - Adding a blood test called liquid biopsy to a standard tissue biopsy could significantly improve the accuracy of diagnosis and treatment for patients with cancer, according to researchers at Wake Forest Baptist Medical Center.
Their recommendation is published in the current online issue of the journal Annals of Oncology.
Cancer management relies on the ability of physicians to accurately "stage" the disease - to determine the size and extent of the primary tumor and whether the cancer cells have spread to the lymph nodes or other organs. Conventional staging of malignant tumors uses the TNM Staging System, which relies on a tissue sample taken from the tumor either through surgery or needle biopsy.
"Although cancer diagnosis and treatment have improved greatly over the past decade, too often the initial results are inaccurate and short-lived and the cancer reoccurs because of limitations of the current staging system and the dynamic and systemic nature of cancer," said the review's lead author Wei Zhang, Ph.D., an endowed Hanes and Willis Family Professor in cancer at Wake Forest School of Medicine, a part of Wake Forest Baptist.
Over the last several years, insight into the systemic nature of cancer has emerged from the study of circulating tumor DNAs (ctDNA) that can be detected by powerful sequencing technology through a process known as liquid biopsy.
This expanded capacity to detect cancer-specific mutations, particularly using a noninvasive blood draw that enables resampling over time during cancer treatment, enabled oncologists in the precision oncology program at Wake Forest Baptist to evaluate the value of liquid biopsy in guiding cancer care. Approximately 400 patients at Wake Forest Baptist have been tested by this liquid biopsy. Based on analysis of these results, the team concluded the system of cancer staging should be revised.
"We propose developing a modified staging approach that adds a liquid biopsy to the conventional TNM system," Zhang said.
"The ctDNA circulating in the blood provides a reservoir of DNA information about cancer status that we simply don't have using TNM alone. This could dramatically improve cancer early detection, diagnosis, prognosis and treatment, providing real benefits to cancer patients."
Although the technology is still evolving and many additional steps are needed before widespread adoption and implementation can occur, Zhang and his team hope to raise awareness of the potential of a new, more effective approach to staging and subsequently more precise cancer treatment.
###
Co-authors of the review are: Meng Yang, M.S., M. Elizabeth Forbes, B.S., Rhonda Bitting, M.D., Stacey O'Neill, M.D., Ping-Chieh Chou, Ph.D., Umit Topaloglu, Ph.D., Lance Miller, Ph.D., Gregory Hawkins, Ph.D., Stefan Grant, M.D., Barry DeYoung, M.D., William Petty, M.D., and Boris Pasche, M.D., Ph.D., of Wake Forest Baptist;, and Kexin Chen, M.D., Ph.D. of Tianjin Medical University, China.
This work is partially supported by the Cancer Center Support Grant from the National Cancer Institute to the Comprehensive Cancer Center of Wake Forest Baptist, P30CA012197.
Company of the Week We recently were named B2B Magazine's Direct Marketing Agency of the Year, and with good reason: We make real, measureable, positive change happen for our clients. A full-service agency founded in 1974, Bader Rutter expertly helps you get the right message to the right audience at the right time through the right channels. As we engage our clients' audiences along their journey, direct marketing (email, direct mail, phone, SMS) and behavioral marketing (SEM, retargeting, contextual) channels deliver information relevant to the needs of each stage. We are experts at implementing and leveraging marketing technologies such as CRM and marketing automation in order to synchronize sales and marketing communications. Our team of architects and activators plan, execute, measure and adjust in real time to ensure the strategy is working as needed and change things if it's not. Find out more here »
Cameron Judge has seen his Hollywood-based dad on TV and film, but never on game film.
“I've been trying to,” says Judge, a linebacker for the Saskatchewan Roughriders, “but I haven't been able to find any.”
His dad, Christopher Judge, is probably best known for his role as Teal'c on Stargate SG-1; yet, prior to acting, he played football for the University of Oregon Ducks.
“From what I've heard, he was a pretty physical player, a big safety,” the younger Judge said at training camp Tuesday after a morning practice at Griffiths Stadium in Nutrien Park on the University of Saskatchewan campus.
“I've tried to take a lot of notes, from what he's told me, to be physical.”
While his father is an actor with a long list of TV show and movie film credits, and his mom a former runway model, Cameron Judge decided to branch out from the family tree.
Picked No. 2 overall in the 2017 Canadian Football League Draft by the Roughriders, Judge avoided any sort of temptation to be a child actor growing up. The closest he got was being an extra.
“I think I was in the very far background once for an explosion,” he says with a chuckle. “If you zoom in quite a bit, you might be able to see me.”
No Star-Gate posters hung in his bedroom. Richard Dean Anderson wasn't his idol growing up.
“I wasn't too big on the show,” he now admits. “It was fun to go on the set and stuff, but I never watched too many episodes.”
ROOKIE SEASON TO FORGET
Judge wasn't a big fan, either, of his ill-fated cameo appearance last season with the Roughriders — an abbreviated three-game season cut short by injury that followed his absence at training camp.
While other CFLers had seasons to remember last season, the 6-foot-2, 235-pound Judge had a season he'd like to forget. He's wiped the slate clean since then. He's hungry and ready to show what he's got. He's eager to demonstrate why he was a highly touted pick out of UCLA, where he played four seasons with the UCLA Division One Bruins from 2013-16, earning team co-captain status in 2015 and being a part of a top-rated Pac-12 linebacking group.
“It's nice to be out for training camp this year, to get a hold of the defence and just be able to practise more before the first game,” says Judge, who is considered a national in the CFL.
(Judge was born in Montreal, Que., and later spent time in Vancouver and Victoria but attended high school in southern California.)
“It was pretty frustrating missing camp and not coming up right away,” adds Judge. “Missing all that time definitely stuck with me. I'm out here trying to earn respect and carve out a role on defence as well as special teams. It was definitely frustrating but it's in the past now. I'm just focused on this year.”
After suffering a season-ending injury, Judge said he “just did my rehab, got in the gym when I was able to and just started preparing” for this season.
“I think I can have a role of somebody who's comfortable and be in the right spot when my teammates need me. I think I can a spot on defence by doing that.”
If you listen to Riders head coach and GM Chris Jones, Judge's early injury put him in a tough spot.
“It's unfortunate any time when you've got a guy who's a young player who's injured because it just sets them back an entire year,” Jones said.
One year later, the jury is still out on Judge.
“We'll see,” added Jones. “He played decent football the other night (in Edmonton). I know (Tuesday) he was a little bit cramping and fatiguing, maybe due to the fact he hadn't played ball in a long time. He's played some very good ball. He's a smart guy and very fast. Hopefully he can help us on special teams.”
Judge knows he has something to prove.
“I definitely feel I do but I don't let it be the main focus on my mind because I don't want to be putting too much pressure on myself,” he points out. “I try and be the best player that I can and try and be in on every play and try and give as much effort as I can. I guess the rest will take care of itself.”
BORN IN CANADA
Judge holds dual citizenship in Canada and the United States. While his dad is from Los Angeles, his mom is originally from Edmonton.
Judge has spent most of his 23 years in the Los Angeles area. He admits it's “pretty cool” to have a dad in the TV and movie industry.
“Some of my teammates will watch a show and they always bring it up and get a few laughs,” he says.
Christopher Judge is the voice of Kratos for the God of War video game, which just came out.
But, no, he's not ready to follow in either parent's footsteps.
“Not really. I'm not too good with acting and all that.”
And modelling?
“It's a little awkward for me. (But) you never know.”
While Judge holds a political science degree, he's not quite ready to toss any political football around.
“I'm trying to play (the sport of football) as long as I can because I don't know,” he admits. “I really don't know what I want to do post-football, so I'm just trying to play as long as I can and figure that out.”
dzary@postmedia.com
More than 3 million years ago, our ancient human ancestors, including their toddler-aged children, were standing on two feet and walking upright, according to a new study published in Science Advances.
"For the first time, we have an amazing window into what walking was like for a 2½-year-old, more than 3 million years ago," says lead author, Jeremy DeSilva, an associate professor of anthropology at Dartmouth College, who is one of the world's foremost authorities on the feet of our earliest ancestors. "This is the most complete foot of an ancient juvenile ever discovered."
The tiny foot, about the size of a human thumb, is part of a nearly complete 3.32-million-year-old skeleton of a young female Australopithecus afarensis discovered in 2002 in the Dikika region of Ethiopia by Zeresenay (Zeray) Alemseged, a professor of organismal biology and anatomy at the University of Chicago and senior author of the study. Alemseged is internationally known as a leading paleontologist on the study of human origins and human evolution.
"Placed at a critical time and the cusp of being human, Australopithecus afarensis was more derived than Ardipithecus (a facultative biped) but not yet an obligate strider like Homo erectus. The Dikika foot adds to the wealth of knowledge on the mosaic nature of hominin skeletal evolution" explained Alemseged.
Given that the fossil of the tiny foot is the same species as the famous Lucy fossil and was found in the same vicinity, it is not surprising that the Dikika child was erroneously labeled "Lucy's baby" by the popular press, though this youngster lived more than 200,000 years before Lucy.
In studying the fossil foot's remarkably preserved anatomy, the research team strived to reconstruct what life would have been like years ago for this toddler and how our ancestors survived. They examined what the foot would have been used for, how it developed and what it tells us about human evolution. The fossil record indicates that these ancient ancestors were quite good at walking on two legs. "Walking on two legs is a hallmark of being human. But, walking poorly in a landscape full of predators is a recipe for extinction," explained DeSilva.
At 2½ years old, the Dikika child was already walking on two legs, but there are hints in the fossil foot that she was still spending time in the trees, hanging on to her mother as she foraged for food. Based on the skeletal structure of the child's foot, specifically, the base of the big toe, the kids probably spent more time in the trees than adults. "If you were living in Africa 3 million years ago without fire, without structures, and without any means of defense, you'd better be able to get up in a tree when the sun goes down," added DeSilva. "These findings are critical for understanding the dietary and ecological adaptation of these species and are consistent with our previous research on other parts of the skeleton especially, the shoulder blade," Alemseged noted.
###
DeSilva is available for comment at: Jeremy.M.DeSilva@dartmouth.edu. In addition to DeSilva and Alemseged, Corey M. Gill at Mt. Sinai School of Medicine, Thomas C. Prang at New York University, and Miriam A. Bredella at Massachusetts General Hospital and Harvard Medical School, also served as co-authors of the study.
View larger $12.99 $8.99 - Select Qty - 1 2 3
3 in stock
Poster SKU: 171212-68882-1
Part No: R20844
Weight: 1.01 lbs
Condition: New
Product Types: Poster Crush | Posters - Reprints
Lines: Cult Flavor
Genres: Music Videos | Musical
Poster Categories: Music
Visit our poster shop POSTER CRUSH: Art & Creativity | Comics & Fantasy Art | Movies, TV & Gaming | Music | Sports
Visit our main page for additional items Here.
Details
This large format poster features a dramatic black and white photo of musician Elvis Presley holding his guitar. This shot was taken during his time in the U.S. Army.
Specifications
Size: 24x36 in
Subject: Elvis Presley
Related Items
Categories
Cult Flavor | Featured | Music | Music Videos | Musical | Posters - Reprints
LA DODGERS pitcher Darvish was such a bust in the World Series that speculation immediately arose as to what was wrong with him.
He had only allowed two runs in 11 1/3 innings in his first two starts of the postseason while allowing opponents to hit .195 against him.
But in two World Series starts — including the deciding Game 7 — he gave up nine runs in 3 1/3 innings while surrendering a .474 batting average against.
So what went wrong?
Well, it turns out Darvish was tipping his pitches. Sports Illustrated 's Tom Verducci spoke to an Astros player, who explained how they knew what was coming.
Camera Icon Yu Darvish walks to the dugout after being relieved in Game 7. Picture: Getty Images
“According to a Houston player, the Astros often knew what Darvish was about to throw by the way he brought the ball into his glove in the set position (Darvish pitches exclusively out of the stretch),” Verducci wrote in his article.
“The player said it worked like this: Darvish holds the ball at his side when he gets the sign from the catcher. Whether he re-grips or not as he brings the ball into his glove was the tip-off whether he was going to throw a slider/cutter or a fastball.
“We knew the first time we faced him [in Game 3],” the player said. “The next time [in Game 7] it was mostly the same, but then it was more about just having a great game plan going in. We knew he was going to try to go back to his slider to find it. We had a great approach.”
Darvish was hooked in the second inning in both World Series starts.
He threw 48 sliders and cutters to Houston hitters in the World Series. They swung and missed only twice at them while hitting .556 against the pitch.
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
May 3 Wpx Energy Inc
* Wpx Energy reports 1q 2017 results
* Q1 earnings per share $0.22
* Q1 earnings per share view $-0.17 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Qtrly oil and ngl sales of $209 million accounted for 83 percent of wpx's first-quarter 2017 total product revenues of $253 million
* Wpx energy inc - first-quarter oil volumes of 46,100 barrels per day
* Current production is approximately 55,000 bbl/d following startup of 14 new wells that began flowback in april.
* Wpx Energy Inc - permian midstream jv process on track with agreement expected midyear
* Wpx Energy Inc- total company production volumes of 90.0 mboe/d in first-quarter 2017 were up 1 percent versus. Fourth-Quarter 2016 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Mourners will gather today for a vigil to remember the life of former Norman North High principal, Bryan Young, one of two victim's in a Tuesday night double-murder.
Besides being a well-respected lawyer, Young spent 17 years with the Norman school district as a teacher, coach, and, for five years, principal at Norman North High School.
Norman Police believe Michael Deffner forced entry into Young's home on Trisha Ln. before shooting him multiple times. Moments later and just few miles away, Deffner went to a home on Lindsey Ave. to shoot Cayann Patterson multiple time before lighting the house on fire.
The vigil is scheduled for 6:30 p.m. in memory of Young. It will be held at the neighborhood park on Trisha Ln.
TABLE-Mexico sets July Maya price for international buyers
MEXICO CITY, June 14 Mexican state-owned oil company Pemex revised its July term pricing formulas for crude oil shipped to customers in the Americas, Europe and the Far East, the company said on Wednesday. The following table lists the adjustments to price constants for international buyers: DESTINATION JUNE CONSTANT JULY CONSTANT ---------------- ---------------- --------------- AMERICAS Maya crude
CALGARY, Alberta, April 3 The Syncrude oil sands project in northern Alberta has cut its production to zero for all of April following a fire last month, three market sources said on Monday.
Syncrude, which is majority-owned by Suncor Energy, previously said shipments of synthetic crude were expected to restart at up to 50 percent of the plant's 350,000 barrel-per-day capacity in mid-April. (Reporting by Nia Williams and Catherine Ngai)
VOL. 41 | NO. 23 | Friday, June 09, 2017
WASHINGTON (AP) — Attorney General Jeff Sessions, a close adviser to President Donald Trump during his battle for the presidency, heatedly defended himself before his former Senate colleagues as he denied having an undisclosed meeting with Russia's ambassador to the United States and rejected any misconduct in the ouster of FBI Director James Comey.
In a dramatic and packed Senate hearing, Sessions vowed to defend his honor "against scurrilous and false allegations" and declared it a "detestable and appalling lie" to suggest he was aware of or took part in any collusion between Russia and the election campaign that sent Trump to the White House.
He also contradicted a contention made by Comey at a hearing before the same panel last week. Comey told the intelligence committee that, after an encounter with President Trump in which he said Trump pressured him to back off an investigation into the former national security adviser, Comey "implored" Sessions to make sure he was never left alone with the president again — but that Sessions didn't respond.
"He didn't recall this, but I responded to his comment by agreeing that the FBI and Department of Justice needed to be careful to follow department policy regarding appropriate contacts with the White House," Sessions said.
The former Alabama senator also defended himself against accusations that he misrepresented himself during his confirmation hearing when he said he hadn't met with Russian officials during the campaign. Sessions argued that in the context of that hearing, "my answer was a fair and correct response to the charge as I understood it."
The attorney general stepped aside from the Justice Department probe into Russian meddling in the campaign on March 2, the day after The Washington Post reported on two previously undisclosed meetings with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak. Days after that, Sessions also corrected his confirmation hearing testimony to inform the committee about his two meetings with Kislyak.
Ahead of the hearing there had been suggestions that Sessions might have had a third, unreported, encounter with Kislyak in April 2016, at Washington's Mayflower Hotel, where candidate Trump was giving his first major foreign policy speech.
Sessions was adamant that he did not have a private meeting with Kislyak at that event. He did allow for the possibility that he encountered him in a reception that he said was attended by a couple dozen people, though he said he had no specific recollection of that.
Democratic senators have seized on the possibility of a third meeting to suggest that Sessions has not been forthcoming about the extent of his communications with the ambassador. Sens. Al Franken of Minnesota and Patrick Leahy of Vermont have sought an FBI investigation.
Sessions testified Tuesday that he recused himself from the current Russia investigation only because of a regulation that required it because of his involvement in the Trump campaign.
"Many have suggested that my recusal is because I felt I was a subject of the investigation myself, that I may have done something wrong," Sessions added. That was not so, he said.
And while he had recused himself from the Russia probe, Sessions insisted, "I did not recuse myself from defending my honor against scurrilous and false allegations."
Democratic Sen. Ron Wyden of Oregon aggressively asked Sessions about suggestions arising from Comey's testimony last week that there was something "problematic" about his recusal.
Wyden asked Sessions what problematic issues existed.
"Why don't you tell me? There are none, Sen. Wyden, there are none," Sessions insisted, his voice rising. "This is a secret innuendo being leaked out there about me, and I don't appreciate it."
Sessions lent his support to the special counsel, Robert Mueller, who is now in charge of the Trump campaign-Russia investigation. "I have confidence in Mr. Mueller," he said.
At a separate hearing Tuesday, Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein declared he'd seen no basis for dismissing Mueller, the former FBI director he appointed as special counsel after Sessions' recusal. A friend of the president suggested a day earlier that Trump was considering such an ouster.
Rosenstein said he would agree to dismiss Mueller only if there were a legitimate basis to do so, and an order from the president would not necessarily qualify.
Mueller also won votes of support Tuesday from the top two Republicans in Congress, House Speaker Paul Ryan of Wisconsin and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, both of whom said they have confidence in him.
As for Comey's firing, Sessions told senators that his recommendation had nothing to do with the Russia probe, that he and his second-in-command, Rosenstein, had a "clear view ... that we had problems there, and it was my best judgment that a fresh start at the FBI was the appropriate thing to do. And when asked I said that to the president."
Sessions criticized Comey's handling of the Hillary Clinton email investigation, which the White House had initially cited as the ostensible reason for his firing. Comey's decision to announce last year that Clinton would not be prosecuted over her emails was a "usurpation" of the Justice Department's authority, Sessions said.
Asked about Trump's own contention that the president fired Comey with the Russia probe in mind, and regardless of any recommendation from anyone else, Sessions said: "I guess I'll just have to let his words speak for themselves. I'm not sure what was in his mind specifically."
Sessions refused to say whether he had ever discussed the Russia investigation with Trump, arguing that he could not disclose private communications with the president.
Democratic senators pressed him on the legal rationale for his refusal to discuss those private conversations, as Sessions acknowledged that Trump had not asserted executive privilege around the hearing. He asserted that "I am protecting the right of the president to assert if it chooses and there may be other privileges that may apply."
Sessions maintained that he had not been briefed on the Russia investigation between the time of his February swearing-in and his March 2 recusal.
"As such," he said, "I have no knowledge about this investigation, as it is ongoing today, beyond what has been publicly reported. I don't even read that carefully. And I have taken no action whatsoever with regard to any such investigation."
On another hot-button issue, Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Fla., asked Sessions whether Trump records his conversations in the White House. Trump has suggested there might be tapes of his encounters with Comey; Comey said last week that "lordy" he hopes there are.
"I do not," Sessions said when asked whether he knows whether the president records his conversations.
Would any such tapes have to be preserved? "I don't know, Sen. Rubio, probably so," Sessions replied.
___
Associated Press writers Deb Riechmann, Sadie Gurman and Mary Clare Jalonick contributed to this report.
Mitochondria generate most of the energy cells need through a respiratory chain for which they must produce their own proteins. The research group of Associate Professor Henna Tyynismaa, University of Helsinki, Finland, has discovered a "quality control" mechanism in the mitochondria, which is necessary for the construction of a functional respiratory chain.
Tyynismaa's group studied a mitochondrial enzyme, which attaches the correct amino acid to the transfer RNA, which directs protein synthesis. Working together with the Chinese Academy of Sciences and University of Turku researchers, the group established that this enzyme makes mistakes and can attach the wrong amino acids to the transfer RNA. This means that the amino acid sequence in the resulting respiratory chain proteins would be incorrect, unless the enzyme had an additional mechanism to correct its mistakes.
"We found that the error-correction mechanism of this mitochondrial enzyme is vital for the cell: even a slight decrease in the correction mechanism had an adverse effect on the function of the cell. The significance of this mechanism for the mitochondria was previously unknown," explains Tyynismaa.
Deviations in the mitochondrial protein synthesis can result in many different hereditary diseases. The enzyme, which is the focus of this research, is also known to harbour disorders caused by genetic anomalies, which may result either in a severe neonatal heart disease or a brain disease with an onset in early adulthood.
"We do not currently know whether these diseases are the result of the weakened ability of the enzyme to attach the correct amino acids to the transfer RNA or problems in its error-correction mechanism. A better understanding of the enzyme's fundamental mechanisms may help us determine the impact of the faulty genes in the future," says Tyynismaa.
The research was published in the Nucleic Acids Research series.
###
The first female Muslim member of Cabinet has drawn comparisons between her own party's attitude to Islamophobia and the Labour party's to anti-Semitism.
The former chairwoman of the British Conservative Party Baroness Sayeeda Warsi has claimed that her organization has a continuing and deep-rooted culture of Islamophobia which, she claims, it uses for political purposes.
The former Minister of State for Faith and Communities under Prime Minister David Cameron, in an article written for The Guardian Newspaper, has called for the setting up of an independent inquiry into her own party. Since having asked Conservative back-benchers to move the Conservatives on from the era of "F*** the Muslims," Baroness Warsi has branded the party's handling of the issue as "woefully inept."
The leading Tory member of the House of Lords made particular reference to the 2016 London mayoral election, in which she condemned the behavior of the Conservative candidate Zac Goldsmith, who she said used, "blatantly, deliberately Islamophobic" rhetoric.
Thanks David — we all have a duty to call out bigotry wherever and whenever it rears it's ugly head https://t.co/taRzdOTbCX — Sayeeda Warsi (@SayeedaWarsi) July 4, 2018
“Islamophobia is indulged in the @Conservatives Party”
Strong words from @BMSDemocracy @y_alibhai
The calls for an inquiry are now being made across a spectrum of British Muslim communities. This issue is not going away- how long will my Party drag their feet? 🤦🏽‍♀️ https://t.co/yJzluQHV1m — Sayeeda Warsi (@SayeedaWarsi) June 29, 2018
.@DavidLammy Sayeeda and others are unlikely to succeed till few with a muslim name are in the forefront to shield Tory party — same old colonial story — Husain Akhtar (@husain_akhtar) July 4, 2018
​​Drawing a comparison with the recent anti-Semitism scandal in the Labour Party, Baroness Warsi called upon her Conservative colleagues not to try and disguise the extent of the problem with "fig-leaf" solutions as she accused the opposition of having done.
© AP Photo / Kirsty Wigglesworth Ex-London Mayor Livingstone Quits Labour Party Over Anti-Semitism Scandal
"Words without action are at best flannel and at worst represent simple contempt. So it's time for my party to set out its stall. Not only does justice need to be done, it needs to be seen to be done. There should be a forensic, wide-ranging and transparent inquiry into Islamophobia in the party. The process should be published, those who are found wanting should be publicly named and membership withdrawn," she insisted in her article.
CHANNEL 9 has axed long-running drama Love Child.
Confidential can reveal actors were notified last month that the drama had not been renewed for a fifth season and Nine confirmed late Monday afternoon they had pulled the pin.
Love Child has been one of the network's top-billed dramas for the past four years, starringJessica Marais,Miranda Tapsell, Ryan Johnson, Andy Ryan and Mandy McElhinney.
Marais has won two consecutive Most Popular Actresses gongs at the annual Logies for her portrayal of midwife Joan Miller.
Camera Icon Picture: Supplied
The fourth season returned to its lowest season premiere, pulling 624,000 metro viewers.
Marais's other starring role in Channel Ten's The Wrong Girl is also uncertain.
A Ten spokesman confirmed a decision had not been made on whether a third season would go ahead.
The show's finale attracted just 360,000 metro viewers, down from 549,000 the previous year.
The news puts a cloud over the future of Australian dramas with Channel Ten putting fan favourite Offspring on hold.
Camera Icon Deborah Mailman as Cherie and Asher Keddie as Nina in Offspring. Picture: Channel Ten Picture: Supplied
Queensland actor Deborah Mailman told Confidential the show had “come to its natural end” as she swapped to film Nine's new drama Bite Club .
“You don't want to keep pushing out a show that's sort of lost its appeal,” she said.
“It's very difficult to know what sort of life Australian drama has on our screens anymore.”
Earlier this year actor Rhys Muldoon told Confidential he was certain that Nine's House Husbands would also not return next year.
“We've done five seasons. We're not coming back; let's just say it,” he said.
A police officer with the regional Integrated Road Safety Unit was knocked down by a pickup truck with a trailer while he was at the intersection of 200 Street and Fraser Highway looking for distracted drivers using cell phones. The officer's injuries were said to be relatively minor. Dan Ferguson Langley Times
A police officer hunting for distracted drivers was hit by a pickup truck Monday afternoon in the Lower Mainland.
The officer was said to be a member of the Integrated Road Safety Unit who was looking for drivers using cell phones at a busy intersection in Langley.
Police at the scene said the officer was walking in traffic just before he was hit.
One witness said it appeared the officer “got caught” on the back of the truck's trailer as it was passing by, and it pulled him to the ground.
It did not appear that the truck driver was using his phone.
The officer was taken to hospital with minor injuries as a precaution.
dan.ferguson@langleytimes.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter
WASHINGTON, Feb 2 (Reuters) - Concerned about Russia's growing tactical nuclear weapons, the United States will expand its nuclear capabilities, a policy document released on Friday said, a move some critics say could increase the risk of miscalculation between the two countries.
It represents the latest sign of hardening resolve by President Donald Trump's administration to address challenges from Russia, at the same time he is pushing for improved ties with Moscow to rein in a nuclear North Korea.
The focus on Russia is in line with the Pentagon shifting priorities from the fight against Islamist militants to “great power competition” with Moscow and Beijing.
“Our strategy will ensure Russia understands that any use of nuclear weapons, however limited, is unacceptable,” the document, known as the Nuclear Posture Review, said.
The rationale for building up new nuclear capabilities, U.S. officials said, is that Russia currently perceives the United States' nuclear posture and capabilities as inadequate.
By expanding its own low-yield nuclear capability, the United States would deter Russia from using nuclear weapons, U.S. officials argue.
Low-yield nuclear weapons, while still devastating, have a strength of less than 20 kilotons. The atomic bomb dropped on Hiroshima had about the same explosive power.
The argument for these weapons is that larger nuclear bombs are so catastrophic that they would never be used and do not work as an effective deterrent. With less power and destruction, the low-yield option would potentially be more likely to be used, serving as an effective deterrent.
The Pentagon document, which is largely in line with the previous review in 2010, said the U.S. will modify a small number of submarine-launched ballistic missile warheads with low-yield options.
In the long term, the U.S. military will also develop a new nuclear-armed sea-launched cruise missile. The missile could have the less powerful option, but a decision has not been made, and will take up to a decade to develop, officials said.
Greg Weaver, deputy director of strategic capabilities at the Pentagon, said the United States would be willing to limit developing the missile if Russia would “redress the imbalance in non-strategic nuclear forces.”
Weaver said the most difficult task for those working on the review was trying to address the gap between Russian and American non-strategic nuclear weapons.
Russia has a stockpile of 2,000 non-strategic nuclear weapons, according to the Pentagon. The U.S. has a few hundred active low-yield weapons deployed in Europe.
RESPONDING TO RUSSIA
U.S. officials argue that since the last nuclear review, Russia has expanded and modernized its non-strategic nuclear weapons, annexed Crimea in 2014, and deployed a ground-launched cruise missile that breaches the 1987 Intermediate-range Nuclear Forces (INF) treaty. The treaty bans testing and fielding missiles with ranges of 500-5,500 kms (310-3,417 miles).
“The U.S. is not arms racing, we are responding to Russian initiative here,” Weaver said.
Some experts have questioned the expansion.
Jon Wolfsthal, a former top advisor to President Barack Obama on arms control, said there was a possibility that it could lead to a miscalculation.
“If we put nuclear weapons on cruise missiles and we launch conventional cruise missiles, how does Russia know that they are conventional?” he said.
The document argues that by developing U.S. nuclear responses, it raises the Russian threshold for using the weapons, rather than lowering the U.S. threshold.
Kingston Reif, director for disarmament research at the Arms Control Association advocacy group, said the document could bolster a new kind of arms race.
“It's not an arms race in terms of numbers like during the Cold War, but is an arms race that involves more than just the United States and Russia and it involves upgrading and improving the capability of existing nuclear forces,” Reif said.
The review called for continuing the B-83 bomb, the largest nuclear weapon in the U.S. stockpile, until a replacement is found, reversing plans to retire it. (Reporting by Idrees Ali; Editing by Yara Bayoumy and James Dalgleish)
April 20 US Ecology Inc
* US Ecology Inc - on April 18, in connection with co's entry into new credit agreement, co terminated existing credit agreement, dated as of June 14, 2014
* US Ecology Inc - prior to termination of former credit deal, there were about $278.3 million of term loans, no revolving loans outstanding under former credit deal Source text for Eikon: (bit.ly/2ouovFO) Further company coverage:
By MESFIN FEKADU, AP Music Writer
NEW YORK (AP) — Bruno Mars said Saturday he is donating $1 million from his Michigan concert to aid those affected by the Flint water crisis.
The Grammy-winning star told the audience at his show in Auburn Hills, about 30 miles (48 kilometers) from Detroit, that he and tour promoter Live Nation are redirecting funds from the show to the charity The Community Foundation of Greater Flint.
In 2014, Flint switched water sources and failed to add corrosion-reducing phosphates, allowing lead from old pipes to leach into the water. Elevated levels of lead, a neurotoxin, were detected in children, and 12 people died in a Legionnaires' disease outbreak that experts suspect was linked to the improperly treated water.
Music Video Release Party! #VersaceOnTheFloor A post shared by Bruno Mars (@brunomars) on Aug 13, 2017 at 11:37pm PDT
Video release party lit! A post shared by Bruno Mars (@brunomars) on Aug 13, 2017 at 11:49pm PDT
“I'm very thankful to the Michigan audience for joining me in supporting this cause,” Mars said in a statement. “Ongoing challenges remain years later for Flint residents, and it's important that we don't forget our brothers and sisters affected by this disaster.”
Mars, who was born and raised in Hawaii, performed at the Palace of Auburn Hills during his sold-out 24K Magic World Tour. His latest album, “24K Magic,” recently achieved double platinum status.
____
Online:
http://www.brunomars.com/
https://www.cfgf.org/cfgf/
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
April 3Nanjing Aolian Ae & Ea Co Ltd :
* Says actual controller proposed to pay a cash dividend of 4 yuan for every 10 shares, and use additional paid-in capital to distribute 10 new shares for every 10 shares, as dividend payment plan for FY 2016
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/SBiiss
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Volunteers from 15 Craigside stitch together many items that are made with love.
And you can help with the cause by donating material, including fabric and yarn to the Queen's Medical Center "Volunteer in Place" program so they can continue spreading the aloha to their patients.
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SEDRO-WOOLLEY, Wash. -- Nobody was hurt when fire ripped through a Sedro-Woolley business early Monday morning.
According to Sedro-Woolley police, authorities were called shortly after 3:00 a.m. to the report of some electrical wires sparking near a dumpster.
When officers arrived, a three-story building at Woodworth and Metcalf streets called Video West was on fire.
By 7 a.m., firefighters were still putting out hot spots.
The fire marshal was called to the scene and will begin investigating as soon as it is safe to enter the building.
This is a developing story and will be updated. Stay with Q13 News for the latest.
NORTH Melbourne champion David King says Gold Coast need to find out whether Steven May is going to commit to the club or not.
Suns co-captain Tom Lynch is widely tipped to leave the struggling football club at the end of the season for a return back to Victoria — with Collingwood, Hawthorn and Richmond the leading contenders for the key forwards services.
However, there are suggestions that the Suns other co-captain Steven May could want to leave the club — and the dual premiership star says the club needs to sit down and have a conversation to find out where he is at.
LIVE Stream every match of every round of the 2018 Toyota AFL Premiership Season. SIGN UP NOW >
“If Lynch decides to go, so be it. And then they go to Steven May and say what are you going to do,” King said on AFL 360.
“Do you want to leave or do you want to stay? Let's not wait until next year when you can walk as a free agent. Let's be mature enough to have this conversation and if he wants to go, then so be it.”
With the 2018 draft widely tipped to be the strongest in recent times, King suggests it's time for the Suns to load up on draft picks while they can.
Camera Icon Suns co-captains Tom Lynch and Steven May. Photo: Glenn Hampson Picture: News Corp Australia
“I don't think everything is broken at the Suns,” King said.
“At the moment they've got four picks in the top 30, now is the time to find where you're at. See you later, because this club will be fine long term.
“All this talk of doom and gloom that they're cast and they might as well shut their gates is complete nonsense. They're not shutting the gates. They might end up with seven or eight picks in the top 30, this is the draft to get those seven or eight picks. They might end up with picks 3, 4, 8, 13, 16.”
King says that the Suns need to find out about May's decision before the end of trade period, otherwise they may not get their return on the investment, when May becomes a free agent in 2019.
Camera Icon Tom Lynch appears likely to return to Victoria. Picture: Supplied
“This is the year to find out. Don't find out about Steven May halfway through next year, find out now,” King said.
“I think you've got to get the broader club right which they're doing and as soon as that comes together it doesn't matter what pick they walk in at.
“If they're going to have them for three or four years and then walk out the door, you might as well give them 100 picks, it's not going to matter. You've got to get the club right, which I think they are. So I'm not as down on them as others.
LISTEN TO THE LATEST EPISODE OF THE FOX FOOTY PODCAST BELOW, OR TAP HERE TO SUBSCRIBE IN ITUNES
RANCHO CUCAMONGA — Someday, if Jo Adell becomes a major league star, the journal might be a sought-after piece of baseball memorabilia.
Adell, the 10th player selected in the 2017 draft by the Angels out of Ballard High in Louisville, Ky., is laying waste to the Cal League just as he did to the Arizona Rookie League, the Pioneer League and the Midwest League before this. He did go hitless Tuesday night at Rancho Cucamonga, ending an 11-game hitting streak, but the Inland Empire 66ers' 19-year-old center fielder was hitting .314 in 37 games in the Cal League going into Wednesday's games, with 10 homers, 24 RBIs, 11 doubles, two triples, a .936 OPS and seven stolen bases in eight attempts.
He has had 12 multi-hit games in the Cal League, and five three-hit games. And before arriving in San Bernardino, he played 24 games at Burlington (Iowa) of the Midwest League with six homers, 29 RBIs, seven doubles, a .300 average and a .979 OPS. Baseball America currently lists him as the Angel organization's No. 2 prospect, and the only reason he's not higher is that the magazine still lists Shohei Ohtani as a prospect.
There are, of course, Adell's strikeouts: 45 in 159 at-bats with Inland Empire, 26 in 90 at-bats in Burlington. We'll get to those.
The journal? It is Adell's method of keeping track of the pitchers he faces and the way they approach him, and it's indicative of a cerebral approach to hitting.
“One of the best things I've done,” he said. “Kind of (keep track of) what pitches I saw, where they were located. And before we face a guy that we've seen before, I just go back and revisit that and kind of understand what they're trying to do.
“Most of my outs this year have been me getting myself out. The pitcher is trying to execute a pitch, he's trying to throw something for a reason. So you need to understand why that is.”
It could be a baseball time capsule. Who knows? A decade from now, some of the pitchers he's facing (and chronicling) now might be successful big leaguers themselves.
Adell's baseline approach is to look for location, especially early in counts. When he first moved up to the Cal League, he said, pitchers were challenging him with fastballs, and when he started jumping on those he noticed he was seeing offspeed pitches early and fastballs later in the count.
“For me, the big thing is don't necessarily assume,” he said. “React.
“A lot of times when they say the hitters get fooled, it has to do with the assumption, not the reaction part of the game. That's what hitting is, reaction. We can sit (on) a pitch, we can think something's coming, we can have everything the right way – and you get a curveball on a fastball count. You get thrown off, you know? So that's the big thing: clear-mind it, know what zone I'm looking for, and be a reactionary hitter. And that's what I've done.”
There were said to be questions about his ability to hit at the pro level going into the 2017 draft. The foot speed and athletic ability were there in a 6-foot-3, 205-pound package, and he projected as a superior defensive outfielder, whether it be in center (his preferred position) or a corner spot.
And consider: He could have been drafted as a pitcher, which might be part of the reason the chess match between hitter and pitcher intrigues him so. He was primarily a pitcher through the end of his junior year at Ballard.
“Good fastball, could get up in the mid-90s, upper-90s from time to time, slider,” was Adell's scouting report on himself.
Related Articles Shohei Ohtani returns to Angels lineup, but they still lose to Mariners
Angels give David Fletcher a try at leadoff spot
Angels activate Shohei Ohtani, the hitter
Billy Eppler ponders a key stretch for the Angels leading up to the trading deadline
Angels GM Billy Eppler says Shohei Ohtani ‘looked good' in 2 simulated games over the weekend “But I always loved to hit,” he added. “Every team I played for, it would be, ‘We want him to pitch on Sunday but we'll let him hit through the week.'”
Sound familiar, Angels fans? In this case, Adell enjoyed pitching but loved hitting and was willing to give up one to concentrate on the other. Years from now, if the Ohtani experiment is ultimately deemed a success, young players might not have to make that choice.
In the meantime, Adell traded a position that treasures strikeouts for one in which they are worrisome. But while the minor league analysts wonder if those strikeout totals portend difficulty when Adell gets to higher levels, he sees them as the cost of doing business.
“I say this before a game: Even if I get fooled on a pitch or I swing at a pitch that's out of the zone, I'm not going to sacrifice a good swing just to hit the ball,” he said. “I could go into a game and just try to make contact, right? But when I get in the box I'm trying to do damage, and you're going to get some swings and misses.
“I've watched big league games this year where guys have gotten down in the count quickly and hit home runs, and it's because they trusted their swing … I'm going to put up my best swing every single time. And if things don't fall my way, if I strike out, then it's part of the game.”
I believe that approach is known as “high risk, high reward.” It has worked for Adell to this point, and it likely will earn him a promotion to Double-A before this season ends.
jalexander@scng.com
@Jim_Alexander on Twitter
The Palestinian Hamas movement has prepared its response to Israel's recent airstrikes on Gaza, which had been carried out in the wake of the US decision on Jerusalem.
"The enemy will pay the price for breaking the rules of engagement with the resistance in Gaza. … The coming days will prove to the enemy the great error and misjudgment of the will and determination of the resistance," a representative of the Ezzedeen al-Qassam Brigades, the military wing of Hamas, said in a statement, commenting on the December 8 Israeli airstrikes that killed two and wounding 15 others, as quoted by Press TV.
The statement echoes another Hamas pledge made a few days earlier, calling for an "intifada" against Israel, with the previous uprisings in 1987-1993 and 2000-2005 leaving hundreds of Israelis and thousands of Palestinians dead.
"The battle for Jerusalem continues hour by hour above- and below-ground, and thousands of jihadist fighters are working and preparing at this moment in the darkest conditions, equipped for the battle to liberate Jerusalem. … The brigades salute the angry masses struggling for Jerusalem and al-Aqsa Mosque and call them to continue the intifada by all means of resistance," Hamas said.
Israel's attacks on the occupied territories have been carried out in response to rocket strikes, which were intercepted by the Iron Dome missile shield, with no casualties reported. The strikes coincided with tensions further escalating in the region over US President Donald Trump's announcement on December 6 recognizing Jerusalem as the capital of Israel.
READ MORE: Israel Strikes Targets in Gaza as Hamas Calls for 'Intifada'
According to information received by Sputnik from a member of the Palestine Liberation Organization on Saturday, the former rivals, Palestinian fundamentalist organization Hamas and Fatah, the dominant Palestinian political party, have signed an alliance agreement to stand against the US decision, following a new round of reconciliation talks under the mediation of Egyptian authorities. The next day, the movements signed an agreement with both sides promising it would usher in a new era of Palestinian unity.
READ MORE: Former Rivals Hamas, Fatah United Against Trump's Move on Jerusalem — PLO Member
In the wake of Trump's move, condemned by a number of states, predominantly in the Arab world, Palestinian President Mahmud Abbas has decided not to hold a planned meeting with US Vice President Mike Pence to protest Trump's move.
Adding to the list of new features coming for Linux 4.18 is BPFILTER.The new BPFILTER capability is a BPF-based packet filtering framework. In its stage for Linux 4.18 this framework is deemed experimental but is striving to provide a Netfilter-compatible implementation by making use of BPF (the Berkeley Packet Filter). Yep, BPF continues getting more powerful Along with the BPFILTER framework itself is also an embedded user-mode helper for loading of modules from user-space.With Linux 4.18 this is the initial framework while ultimately the goal is to replace the existing firewall and packet filtering implementations with this BPF-powered solution. Among the benefits expected for BPFILTER once ready and mature are greater security, easier maintenance, and potential performance improvements via JIT and hardware offloading.The code is in net-next waiting for the Linux 4.18 merge window that may open this weekend if the Linux 4.17.0 stable release goes out as hoped for on Sunday.The BPFILTER framework is in addition to many other Linux 4.18 features coming and making us looking forward to June.
INDIO, Calif. – A 36-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of stealing more than 100 cellphones during the Coachella Art and Music Festival, officials said Monday.
Authorities said that several concertgoers noticed their phones were missing and activated their “Find my iPhone” feature, according to the Indio Police Department.
Some victims were able to find and follow the suspect, identified as Reinaldo De Jesus Henao. He was eventually detained by security and arrested by Indio Police officials.
Henao, of New York, allegedly had more than 100 cellphones in his backpack. Several phones were returned to their owners and the remaining ones were turned into lost and found, officials said.
Henao faces grand theft and possession of stolen property charges.
Indio Police advise concertgoers to place their wallets or phones in their front pocket and to use an elastic band around their items to prevent them from sliding out.
Officials also advise those enjoying the festival to consider taking a “dummy wallet” to confuse potential thieves, and to spread valuables instead of keeping them in one place.
LOS ANGELES >> Jedd Fisch crouched under center during practice Monday at UCLA's Intramural Fields. With enthusiasm, the offensive coordinator who has never played football barked out a play call, sharply extending his arms to a precise position.
A few steps away, quarterback Devon Modster looked on as his coach showed how things should be done.
After coaching 11 years in the NFL, Fisch may not be bringing a “pro-style” offense to the Bruins, but he's bringing professional standards.
“We want to train our quarterbacks to be NFL quarterbacks,” Fisch said. “That is the mentality. So, to do that, we are going to hold them to a standard of what an NFL practice sounds like, so you can't be able to call a play as fluently or you can't break a huddle in four parts. You have to break the huddle and attack the line of scrimmage like you mean it, with a sense of urgency.”
Last week, Fisch got on quarterback Josh Rosen for not breaking a huddle with enough conviction. He made the unit go back and do it over. No detail is too small for the first-year offensive coordinator.
“He's kind of always on me, but I think it's better for me,” Modster said, “He's harder on me so then I need to do what I need to do to perform.”
Fisch started his coaching career with the Houston Texans in 2001 as a defensive quality control assistant, and worked his way up to an offensive coordinator position by 2013, when he took the Jacksonville Jaguars job for two seasons. His professional experience doesn't only show in the way he runs practice, but it's evident in UCLA's thick playbook. The system is riddled with plays he used in the NFL, down to the same terminology. He inspires players with NFL game tape by breaking down the plays, then putting them on the college field.
“It just excites you to see you doing the same kind of stuff the NFL people are doing because that's eventually where everyone's trying to get to,” tight end Caleb Wilson said. “He'll break it down and you see how it correlates, and (how if) we just follow what we're supposed to do and do what we're supposed to do, how we can be successful.”
Defensive line depth
Never mind that UCLA is losing 75 percent of its starting defensive line. Angus McClure isn't worried.
The UCLA defensive line coach called his current crop the deepest defensive line group he's had in his 11 years in Westwood. The group is strong through three whole units, starting with its No. 1 string comprised of Keisean Lucier-South, Matt Dickerson, Boss Tagaloa and Jacob Tuioti-Mariner. Early enrollee Jaelan Phillips is also rolling through with the first group at defensive end, splitting reps with Lucier-South, while Rick Wade has consistently made plays in practice too.
Head coach Jim Mora called the defensive line UCLA's best unit. The group has strong senior leadership in Dickerson and Tuioti-Mariner and an emerging freshman talent in Phillips. Three more freshmen, including four-star defensive tackle Greg Rogers, will join the show this fall.
“I think we have done a great job in developing our players here,” McClure said. “I'm just waiting for the next Bruin to step up and take that role and I think that will happen.”
Several players McClure already developed are preparing for next week's NFL Draft, including potential first-round pick Takkarist McKinley. McClure and Mora will both be with the defensive end when his name is called in Philadelphia at the draft, which starts April 27.
Great Lakes Invitational ContestRegister for your chance to win tickets to the 2018 Great Lakes Invitational on January 1-2 at Little Caesars Arena!
Jamie and Stoney Great Lakes Invitational Ticket GiveawayThe 53rd annual Great Lakes Invitational is coming to Little Caesars Arena on January 1-2, 2018. Michigan, Michigan State, Michigan Tech and Bowling Green will compete for the MacInnes Cup in this holiday tradition. Jamie and Stoney have your VIP access including four premium seats, a $100 gift certificate to Made in Detroit, a pre-game penalty box visit and a Great Lakes Invitational prize pack. Listen to Jamie and Stoney on December 20 from 6:00 am - 10:00 am for your chance to win.
WWJ Weekend Box Office 12/14/17 - DSO Ring Without Words
Miller Lite Appearance - Twin Peaks97.1 The Ticket and Miller Lite have teamed up to give away Detroit Lions tickets. Come to the Twin Peaks in Southgate on December 15 from 7:00 pm – 9:00 pm for your chance to win a four-pack to see the Detroit Lions vs Green Bay on December 31 at Ford Field.
PartyNextDoor — who was linked to Kylie Jenner last year — was reportedly arrested Thursday after he and a friend allegedly tried to bring drugs from Canada into New York.
According to The Blast, the musician (born Jahron Braithwaite), 24, was in possession of Xanax and Oxycodone and was “very cooperative” with police and were not taken into custody. XXLmag.com reports his friend, Jerome Nevins, was found in possession of Xanax.
Both he and his friend have been charged with seventh-degree criminal possession of a controlled substance, which is a misdemeanor, according to reports.
RELATED VIDEO: Kylie Jenner, 20, Pregnant with First Child with Travis Scott
Last month, PartyNextDoor dropped his new EP Seven Days. After months of dating rumors, Jenner (who is expecting her first child with Travis Scott) starred in PND's steamy “Come and See Me” music video last summer while on a break with her rapper ex Tyga, 27.
In April of this year, she was spotted showing off PDA with Scott, 25, shortly after she and Tyga split for good.
Multiple sources confirmed to PEOPLE last month the new couple are expecting a baby girl together in February.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Warning: Cellphone footage in the video below is disturbing.
PATTERSON, Calif. – A senior at a Northern California high school was arrested Friday morning after a video that appears to show him throwing a kitten into a body of water was posted online.
Police say the video was shot over a year ago, but it surfaced this week and has been shared across social media hundreds of times.
"My heart, it just left my body," said Nicole Pinheiro, who shared the video. "And I showed my mom and she burst into tears. She was like, 'I can't believe that this is the world now.'"
Investigators in Stanislaus County say the overwhelming amount of shares helped put the incident, and the Patterson High School student on their radar.
Patterson Police arrested Garret Haile before school on Friday. He was 17 when the video was shot, and just turned 18 last week. Haile was booked into jail on a felony animal cruelty charge. Investigators say whoever recorded the video may also face charges.
Police said they expect Haile will face the charge as a minor -- something Pinheiro disagrees with.
"At 17, I still knew what I was doing. He knew what he was doing," she told KTXL. "Even if he was just joking around, or just trying to put something on Snapchat, or whatever he was doing, it's wrong regardless. Regardless of if it's a year old or today, he still did it."
Pinheiro says she just wants Haile to pay for his actions.
As for the cat in the video, police are looking into where Haile threw it -- whether it's in Stanislaus County or somewhere else.
It is unknown if the cat survived.
Two unidentified gunmen reportedly opened fire in the city of Macerata. The city mayor urged citizens to stay indoors, the Radiotelevisione Italiana broadcasting corporation reported.
As the report specifies, two gunmen began a drive-by shooting in the center of the Italian city at about 11 a.m. local time (11:00 a.m. GMT), halting public transport in the city and keeping students inside schools for security reasons.
According to the local police statement, the four injured were foreigners of African origin.
The newspaper la Repubblica newspaper reports that the suspect left a gun in the car and was apprehended in the central square of the city, going on to say that the alleged perpetrator of the attack threw up his hand in fascist salute upon being arrested.
Coups de feux et blessés dans une ville du centre de l'Italie Des coups de feux ont été tirés samedi matin depuis une voiture de sport circulant dans le centre-ville de Macerata (centre de l'Italie), selon des médias italiens. Plusieurs personnes ont… https://t.co/Cu6guO18DI pic.twitter.com/XTJoa6XXb5 — cekici zeynel (@AlterInfo) 3 февраля 2018 г.
​Mayor of the city Romano Carancini urged citizens to stay indoors.
"For security reasons, mayor Romano Carancini calls on citizens to remain in their homes, workplaces and schools due to a dangerous situation that has arisen in the city because of shooting Macerata".
Per ragioni di sicurezza il sindaco Romano Carancini invita i cittadini a rimanere chiusi nelle case, nei luoghi di lavoro e nelle scuole a causa di una situazione di pericolo che si è venuta a creare in città dovuta a un uomo armato che sta girando per Macerata. — Comune di Macerata (@ComuneMacerata) 3 февраля 2018 г.
The car used in the attack was reportedly a black Alfa Romeo, the police stated, adding that all those wounded have been taken to hospital.
Due giorni fa lo sciacallo Salvini sfruttava Pamela per parlare di "immigrati che portano la guerra a casa nostra".
Oggi la guerra ai neri l'ha fatta un "patriota".
Mi raccomando @corradoformigli & Co, precipitatevi a #Macerata per intervistare qualche fascista "esasperato". pic.twitter.com/mBP30ydtGu — Adil (@unoscribacchino) 3 февраля 2018 г.
​While foreign media reports calls the victims foreigners, some local media outlets specify that they were black immigrants, linking the shooting to an ongoing investigation into the murder of an 18-year-old girl, followed by the detention of a Nigerian man.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Senior House Democrats on Monday extolled the benefits of President Barack Obama's health care law in hopes of derailing Republican plans to gut the statute and over time replace it.
In a conference call with reporters, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said the GOP will begin its “assault” on the health care law when the 115th Congress convenes Tuesday.
She said abolishing the law, known as the Affordable Care Act, as Republicans have promised will mean that people will pay more for their health insurance while getting much less than they do now. Undoing the law also will undermine Medicaid and Medicare, she said.
Currently Republicans plan to vote quickly on repealing the health care law and delay the effective date to give them time to craft a replacement. Pelosi blasted that strategy as “an act of cowardice.” She urged people to “take a second look” at how the health care law has improved their lives.
Minority Whip Steny Hoyer, the No. 2 Democrat in the House, said he believes that many people who voted for President-elect Donald Trump want the health care law preserved even though Trump made repeal of the statute a central part of his campaign.
“I think a lot of people are going to be looking at this and saying, ‘Gee, I really didn't mean that,'” Hoyer said.
Republicans have opposed Obama's law since Democrats steered the law through Congress in 2010. The GOP has tried numerous times to repeal the law but failed due to internal divisions and Obama's veto power. But with the GOP in control of the House and Senate and Donald Trump set to become president in a few weeks, doing away with “Obamacare” is in sight for Republicans.
GOP lawmakers are expected to spend the next several months working on legislation to cancel broad swaths of the law that the party's voter base staunchly opposes. Most likely to go are the law's mandate that people buy health insurance or face hefty IRS fines, and its expansion of Medicaid coverage to more lower-earning Americans. But several elements of the repeal likely wouldn't go into effect for two to four years.
Rep. Frank Pallone of New Jersey, the top Democrat on the House Energy and Commerce Committee, said Republicans are “blind to the success” of the health care law. Repealing the law is rooted in politics, he said, and will hurt middle class Americans.
“Repealing the Affordable Care Act is not logical; it's simply ideological,” Pallone said.
Prescott Education Advocacy Council, in collaboration with Save Our Schools Arizona, will screen “Backpack Full of Cash,” a documentary in the Mile High Middle School Hendrix Auditorium at 6 p.m. Monday, Feb. 5.
Doors open at 5:35 p.m. and the school is located at 300 S. Granite St. in Prescott.
“Backpack Full of Cash” is a film based on interviews with leading experts in public education and democracy, particularly about the growing impact of privatization on K-12 schools. This documentary offers an opposite perspective from the film, “Waiting for Superman” that pushed education reformers mantra that American public education is broken, bad teachers are the problem, and only the private sector can fix it.
Narrated by Academy Award-winning actor Matt Damon, the timely new documentary explores the real cost of privatizing America's public schools. It takes viewers into the world of market-based education “reform,” according to a news release.
The film's fundamental concern: “Why dismantle our public school system? Instead, why not make it work for every child?”
The documentary follows the tumultuous 2013-14 school year in Philadelphia and other cities where public education – starved of resources and undermined by privatization – is at risk. This story is being replicated across the country. The film makes the case for public education as a basic civil right.
The film features genuine heroes like the principals, teachers, activists, parents and most hearteningly, students who are fighting for their education.
The local advocacy council hopes that through this film conversations are started about education for all children with equity, opportunity and transparency, the news release states. The hope is that all viewers find the film inspiring, and take action to strengthen – not abandon – today's system of public education.
LABOR frontbenchers have broken ranks to put renewed pressure on their embattled colleague Sam Dastyari to consider his position in the Senate after a series of damaging revelations about his relationship with China.
The Daily Telegraph reported yesterday Mr Dastyari may have tried to pressure Labor deputy leader Tanya Plibersek into abandoning a visit to see Hong Kong activist Joseph Cheng Yu-shek in January 2015.
Camera Icon Labor Senator Sam Dastyari during Question Time in the Senate chamber. Picture: Mick Tsikas Picture: AAP
His office called the claims “complete rubbish”, but Labor's human services spokeswoman Linda Burney yesterday said he should consider if he stays in the Senate.
“It is now up to Mr Dastyari to consider his position, and I'm sure that he's doing that, but in relation to the continued role of Sam within the Parliament, that is a matter I think very much for Sam,” Ms Burney said.
TURNBULL ‘REGRETS' OUSTING ABBOTT ON NEWSPOLL FAILURE
BILL SHORTEN ‘REPELLING' VOTERS FROM LABOR IN BENNELONG
Camera Icon Opposition human services minister Linda Burney. Picture: AAP Camera Icon Labor opposition health spokeswoman Catherine King. Picture: Supplied
Her comments came as Labor's health spokeswoman Catherine King made similar remarks: “Sam needs to reflect upon his position. I think that Bill's made it very clear that he's not going to be getting any promotions.”
There were earlier concerns at the number of questions Mr Dastyari asked during Senate estimate hearings relating to the South China Sea, and his relationship with donor Huang Xiangmo.
VOL. 41 | NO. 23 | Friday, June 09, 2017
WASHINGTON (AP) — Attorney General Jeff Sessions gave more than two hours of sometimes heated testimony to Congress, with Democrats demanding details of matters including conversations with President Donald Trump, interactions with the Russian ambassador and the firing of FBI Director James Comey. The appearance before the Senate intelligence committee Tuesday gave Sessions a chance to defend himself, but offered little new insight.
Some takeaways from Sessions' appearance before the committee:
COLLUSION
Sessions, a close Trump adviser during the battle for the presidency, said in his opening statement that it was a "detestable and appalling lie" to suggest he was aware of or participated in any collusion between Russia and the Trump campaign. He said he never met with, or had conversations with, Russians about election interference.
Sessions recused himself from the Russia probe in March after it was revealed he twice met with the Russian ambassador during the campaign but failed to say so at his confirmation hearing. Sessions reiterated Tuesday those meetings were in his capacity as a lawmaker and not about the campaign.
___
RUSSIAN AMBASSADOR
Sessions was adamant he never had a third meeting with the Ambassador Sergey Kislyak. He did allow for the possibility the men could have had a brief interaction "in passing" at a well-attended reception at the Mayflower Hotel before an April 2016 foreign policy speech by then-candidate Trump. But Sessions said he had no recollection of that.
He's been hounded by speculation over the possibility of a third meeting, with Democratic senators calling for an investigation. But Sessions angrily denounced such claims as "secret innuendo," a likely reference to media accounts of a closed-door briefing lawmakers had last week with Comey that suggested the FBI had been looking into whether another meeting had taken place.
___
RECUSAL
Sessions insisted he stepped aside from the Russia investigation because he was a principal adviser to the Trump campaign, not because he did something wrong or was a subject of the probe. Comey testified publicly last week the FBI was aware of reasons it would be problematic for Sessions to remain involved in the probe before he recused himself.
Sessions was sworn in Feb. 9 but did not actually step away from the investigation until March 2, the day after The Washington Post reported on his two previously undisclosed Kislyak meetings. But he said Tuesday he anticipated the conflict of interest and effectively recused himself on his first day on the job, and was never briefed on the Russia investigation.
He disputed that his involvement in Comey's firing violated the recusal. He said he and Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein had long discussed their concerns with Comey's job performance. Namely, they were upset with his very public handling of the Hillary Clinton email probe, which Sessions said was a "usurpation" of Justice Department authority.
Sessions said it would be "absurd" to suggest that a recusal from a single investigation would render him unable to manage the leadership of the FBI.
___
EXECUTIVE PRIVILEGE
Sessions repeatedly refused to discuss private conversations with Trump on a wide variety of topics. He did not say he was using executive privilege, but rather adhering to longstanding tradition of Justice Department leaders to refrain from revealing the contents of private conversations with the president. That position was similar to the one taken at a separate hearing last week by the country's intelligence chiefs.
His refusals to comment, including about conversations with Trump on Comey's firing, repeatedly irked committee Democrats. But time and again, Sessions returned to lines such as: "I am not able to discuss with you or confirm or deny the nature of private conversations that I may have had with the president on this subject or others."
The Justice Department subsequently released decades-old memos from its Office of Legal Counsel that it said supported Sessions' position.
___
COMEY
Sessions contradicted Comey, who last week told the intelligence panel that after an encounter with Trump in which he said Trump pressured him to back off an investigation into the former national security adviser, Michael Flynn, Comey "implored" Sessions to make sure he was never left alone with the president again — but that Sessions didn't respond.
"He didn't recall this, but I responded to his comment by agreeing that the FBI and Department of Justice needed to be careful to follow department policy regarding appropriate contacts with the White House," Sessions told the panel.
He also said Comey should have shared his concerns about the Trump conversation with another Justice Department official, Dana Boente, who was then acting deputy attorney general, and would have been Comey's direct supervisor.
If Comey had information that Sessions would need to recuse himself, he said, that would have been "double reason" to talk to Boente.
The Governor's Office wants more information from defense lawyer Norm Hile in his clemency petition for death row inmate Kevin Cooper, who was convicted more than three decades ago of the brutal hatchet attack of a Chino Hills family and a young boy staying with them.
A six-page letter from Legal Affairs Secretary Peter A. Krause sent July 3 asked Hile a series of questions about his requests for additional DNA testing and theories about evidence handling in Cooper's case. The letter said the Office of Gov. Jerry Brown had considered Hile's arguments and that attorneys in the Governor's Office had already met with him, his investigators, and attorneys from the state Attorney General's Office.
“Your allegations clearly deserve the serious consideration they have received and we now request more information in order to complete our evaluation of your requests for additional testing,” according to the letter signed by Krause.
Hile has until August 17 to submit his replies. Prosecutors will then be given a chance to respond. The information received from both parties will determine the next steps in the case, including whether there will be additional testing, according to the Governor's Office.
Hile was not available for comment. San Bernardino County District Attorney Michael A. Ramos, whose office prosecuted the case, declined to comment.
The bloody June 4, 1983, attack for which Cooper was convicted and sentenced took the lives of Doug and Peggy Ryen; their 10-year-old daughter Jessica; and neighbor Chris Hughes, 11, who was staying overnight at the Ryens' home. The boy was a friend of the Ryens' 8-year-old son Joshua, who suffered a slashed throat but survived the attack.
Mary Ann Hughes, mother of Chris Hughes, said Cooper's case is totally adjudicated. There are no more appeals, she said.
“My son deserves to have justice carried out for him, so does my family and so does Josh Ryen,” Hughes said.
Mary Ann Hughes, left, and her sister Jane Carlone, right, stand outside the Bronco Student Center to support the death penalty at Cal Poly in Pomona February 9, 2005.(Staff file photo by Thomas R. Cordova, Inland Valley Daily Bulletin/SCNG)
Ten-year-old murder victim Jessica Ryen, seen here in a 1981 file photo, and her wounded 8-year-old brother, Joshua, seen here in a 1982 file photo, were victims of a 1983 stabbing attack in their Chino Hills, Calif., home. Prison escapee Kevin Cooper was convicted of capital murder in 1985 in the deaths of Jessica, her parents and an 11-year-old family friend. Cooper is scheduled to die by lethal injection at California's San Quentin prison Tuesday, Feb. 10. (AP Photo/Files)
Sound The gallery will resume in seconds
F. Douglas Ryen and his wife, Peggy Ann, seen here in 1983 file photos, were murdered in 1983 in their Chino Hills, Calif., home, along with their 10-year-old daughter Jessica, and an 11-year-old family friend. Prison escapee Kevin Cooper, who was convicted for the murders in 1985, is slated for execution Feb. 10, 2004. (AP Photo/File)
Portrait of Christopher Hughes who was murdered along with the Ryen family in Chino Hills in 1983. The Ryen family son, Joshua, survived the attack. Kevin Cooper received the death penalty for the murders and is set to be executed Tuesday, Feb. 10, 2004. (File courtesy photo, Inland Valley Daily Bulletin/SCNG)
Protesters march along St. Francis Drake Blvd. near San Quentin State Penitentiary. (Marcio Jose Sanchez / Associated Press)
The hatchet investigators say Kevin Cooper used. Cooper was convicted in the killing of Chino Hills family Doug, Peggy and Jessica Ryen and neighbor sleeping over, Christopher Hughes. Eight-year-old Joshua Ryen survived the attack. (File courtesy photo, Inland Valley Daily Bulletin/SCNG)
Activist Todd Chretien, middle, organizes protesters as they prepare to march near San Quentin State Penitentiary. (Marcio Jose Sanchez / Associated Press)
The Rev. Jesse Jackson, middle, addresses protesters at the California State Penitentiary at San Quentin in San Quentin, Calif. on Monday, Feb. 9, 2003. A stay of execution was issued for death row inmate Kevin Cooper who was scheduled for execution at midnight on Feb 10. (Ross Cameron / Associated Press)
Prison escapee Kevin Cooper, center, escorted by law enforcement officers, is seen in this 1983 file photo shortly after his arrest in Santa Barbara, Calif. Cooper, who was convicted in 1985 for the murders of F. Douglas Ryen and his wife, Peggy Ann, along with their 10-year-old daughter, Jessica, and an 11-year-old family friend, is scheduled to die by lethal injection Tuesday, Feb. 10 at California's San Quentin prison for the crimes. (AP/File)
Family members follow the casket of Christopher Hughes out of Our Lady of Assumption in Claremont, June of 1983. Hughes was a house guest who was killed along with Doug, Peggy and Jessica Ryen in their Chino Hills home earlier that year. (Staff file photo by Walter Richard Weis, Inland Valley Daily Bulletin/SCNG)
This is the Ryen family house in Chino Hills. Kevin Cooper is accused of murdering Doug and Peggy Ryen, Jessica Ryen and Christopher Hughes inside with a hatchet in 1983. (File courtesy photo, Inland Valley Daily Bulletin/SCNG)
This photo shows the house in which Kevin Cooper hid out before the murders and the Ryen family home, where the 1983 Chino Hills murders took place. (File courtesy photo, Inland Valley Daily Bulletin/SCNG)
This photo shows the the two Chino Hills houses involved in the 1983 murders for which Kevin is on Death Row. The murders occurred in the Ryen home. Cooper admitted to hiding out in the next door house. (File courtesy photo, Inland Valley Daily Bulletin/SCNG)
Family photo of Chino Hills family Doug, Peggy and Jessica Ryen and eight-year-old Joshua Ryen, (sitting on horse), who was the lone survivor of hatchet the attack. (File courtesy photo, Inland Valley Daily Bulletin/SCNG)
This photo shows a bloody shoe print found in a sheet in Doug and Peggy Ryen's bedroom. Prosecutors say the print matches the size and type of shoes Kevin Cooper received at the California Institution for Men state prison before he escaped. (File courtesy photo, Inland Valley Daily Bulletin/SCNG)
Mug photo of Kevin Cooper who is convicted of murdering a Chino Hills family and neighbor with a hatchet in 1983. (File courtesy photo, Inland Valley Daily Bulletin/SCNG)
San Bernardino County Sheriff Floyd Tidwell examines blood stains found on the doorway leading into the master bedroom in the Ryen family house, 1983. (File courtesy photo, Inland Valley Daily Bulletin/SCNG)
Investigators stand outside the master bedroom of the Ryen's Chino Hills home June 6, 2003 as they gather evidence at the scene of the murders. (Staff file photo by Walter Richard Weis, Inland Valley Daily Bulletin/SCNG)
The Chino Hills family home where Doug, Peggy and Jessica Ryen were attacked and murdered in 1983. Eight-year-old Joshua Ryen survived the attack, but a neighbor sleeping over at the Ryen house, Christopher Hughes, was also killed. Kevin Cooper, an escapee from California Institute for Men at Chino, was convicted and received the death penalty for the murders. He is scheduled for execution Tuesday, Feb. 10, 2004. (Staff file photo, Inland Valley Daily Bulletin/SCNG)
Kevin Cooper listens during his preliminary hearing in Ontario in November 1983 for the murders in Chino Hills in June of 1983. (Staff file photo by Walter Richard Weis, Inland Valley Daily Bulletin/SCNG)
In February, four law school deans asked Brown to open an independent investigation into Cooper's case and grant a clemency petition that would put his case temporarily on hold during the investigation.
Hile, of Orrick Herrington and Sutcliffe LLP, said all they're asking for is to allow advanced, state-of-the-art DNA testing to be completed — the type of testing not available when Cooper went to trial. Hile pointed to the recent identification of the Golden State Killer through advanced DNA testing.
The clemency bid seeks further testing, such as Touch DNA testing, to be performed on evidence including the murder weapon, the hatchet sheath, a T-shirt and the prison button — items that were presented at trial and have undergone previous testing.
Sign up for our breaking news email newsletter: When major local news happens, you will be the first to know. Subscribe here
Cooper's trial took place before the use of Touch DNA testing, which analyzes skin cells left behind on evidence, but prosecutors say it can't provide relevant information in this case or exonerate Cooper, according to an earlier statement from Ramos.
The hatchet and protective sheath were touched by the owners of the hideout house — a place near the Ryen's home where Cooper stayed upon first escaping from prison — their families, visitors and guests whenever the hatchet was used to chop firewood. Consequently, many people have touched the exhibits outside of laboratory conditions, prosecutors say.
In that earlier statement, Ramos said this was another attempt by Cooper to avoid punishment.
Cooper, 60, has exhausted all appeals from his 1985 conviction and sentencing and could be one of the first prisoners executed if California resumes the death penalty. He has maintained his innocence.
All parties involved in the blockade of Yemen's ports must facilitate access to humanitarian aid as required by international law, UN Humanitarian Coordinator in Yemen Jamie McGoldrick said in a statement.
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — UN humanitarian coordinator in Yemen Jamie McGoldrick said that about 8.4 million Yemenis are "a step away from famine" and depend on UN operations for safe water, food, medicine and shelter.
"[Parties involved should] fully facilitate sustained and unimpeded humanitarian access as required by international humanitarian law," McGoldrick said on Monday. "As stated by the UN Secretary-General, it is in the interest of everybody to stop this war."
© AP Photo/ Hani Mohammed Saudi Arabia Must Lift Yemen Blockade ‘Immediately' - US President
A Saudi-led coalition, which is engaged in an air campaign against the Houthi rebels in Yemen, has closed all air, sea and land ports in the country on November 6 after a ballistic missile was fired at the direction of Riyadh from Yemen. The missile was intercepted by Saudi air defense systems.
Numerous international observers have called on Saudi Arabia to end the blockade, which has exacerbated the mass suffering of Yemeni civilians.
UN Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs Mark Lowcock warned soon after the blockade was introduced that millions could die in Yemen from hunger if the Saudi-led alliance did not allow humanitarian aid to have access to the country.
"It will not be like the famine that we saw in South Sudan earlier in the year, where tens of thousands of people were affected. It will not be like the famine which cost 250,000 people their lives in Somalia in 2011. It will be the largest famine the world has seen for many decades, with millions of victims," UN head of Humanitarian Affairs Mark Lowcock said last month, according to the Independent.
On Friday, the White House said the United States believes the conflict in Yemen should be resolved through political negotiations in accordance with UN Security Council resolutions.
A civil war broke out in Yemen in 2015 and an armed conflict has since been waged between the internationally recognized government of President Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi and the Houthi rebel movement.
Lisa Lillien is the author of the popular Hungry Girl website and email newsletter, featuring smart, funny advice on guilt-free eating. She is also the author of eleven books, six of which debuted at number one on the New York Times Best Sellers list. Read her blog every Monday for slimmed-down celebrity recipes and more.
Don't kick your healthy-eating habits to the curb just because you're out of town! By the way, that doesn't mean you can't enjoy yourself. The trick is to find the right balance. Read up! Your body and mind will thank you…
Plan your vacay wisely. Even if you're making an obligatory family visit — a trip that commonly leads to comfort-food overload and stress eating — you can still set yourself up for success. If you're staying with family, hit the grocery store for healthy meal and snack staples. If you're staying at a hotel, pick one with amenities like a gym and a mini fridge in each room. And if you're going on a just-for-fun trip, consider something that's good for you. Wellness retreats are a hot trend these days, and The Official Hungry Girl Cruise sets sail January 28.
Make sure you're drinking lots of water. It can be hard to remember when you're on the go (especially in the winter), but staying hydrated is so important. Not only is it just plain necessary for your body, but it'll also keep you from mistaking thirst for hunger. Plus, dehydration can make you cranky and lead to poor food choices. So drink up!
RELATED: Hungry Girl: My Healthy Bread Pudding Is Basically Happiness in a Mug
Keep active. Yeah, it's cold, but don't go into hibernation. If you're at a wintry destination, take advantage of what's around you. Skiing or snowboarding? Why not? Even if you've never done it before, there's usually a beginner class. (Bonus: You might burn extra calories laughing as you fall down repeatedly.) Escaping to somewhere warm? You have no excuse not to get outside. Just hanging with the fam? Go sledding, or just go walk around the mall.
WATCH THIS: Food Hack: 2 Hot Chocolate Upgrades
Keep it simple. No one wants to count every calorie on vacation, but if you want to avoid post-trip weight gain, stay away from elaborate, sauce-drenched foods. (A food coma is no way to spend your vacation!) Go for simply cooked lean protein (grilled chicken, broiled fish, roasted turkey, etc.), grilled veggies, leafy-green salads, and fresh fruit. When dining out, don't be afraid to make special requests. Just ask nicely. And with family, pick your battles. Make the best choices you can, but don't hurt mom's feelings by shunning the special lasagna she made in your honor.
RELATED: Hungry Girl: How to Make a Healthy In-N-Out Burger at Home
Embrace the 80/20 rule. It is a vacation, after all! If you're eating pretty well about 80 percent of the time, you can indulge during the other 20 percent without worry. And even if you do go really overboard, don't panic and beat yourself up. Just get back to your good habits at the next opportunity, and remember how much fun you had.
‘Til next time… Chew the right thing!
April 7 Reject Shop Ltd
* Company expects to report a net operating loss in second half of year of at least $5 million
* Challenging retail trading conditions continued, with all states experiencing negative comparable store growth in q3
* Given fall in projected earnings per share, and working capital requirements, company is unlikely to declare a final dividend.
* Company is unlikely to declare a final dividend
* Despite below expectation sales performance, company has been actively managing its inventory position through half.
* Underlying customer numbers continue to be below same time as last year, resulting in negative underlying comparable sales of about 4% for half year to date
* Sees full year net profit about $12.5 million
* Promotional activity has not generated incremental foot traffic required to grow comparable sales Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Researchers at the University of Texas at Arlington have developed a pipeline of new vehicle lubricant technologies that lower greenhouse gas emissions, reduce wear and improve gas mileage, as part of an 18-year collaboration with ESL TEKnologies and its predecessor companies in Dallas.
"This is a really good example of business leveraging knowledge and know-how at the university to develop new products over the long term," said Pranesh Aswath, UTA professor of Materials Science & Engineering and Mechanical & Aerospace Engineering.
"The University also benefits through sustained financing of its research and help accessing federal and state development funds. Another clear positive is the high quality of research experience we can offer to our students on these projects, many of whom have gone on to excellent positions in Chevron and other oil companies," he added.
UTA's Tribology, Lubrication and Coating Laboratory was established in 1999 and is recognized as one of the world's top labs in the field. Up to now, five doctorates and 15 master's degrees have been awarded to students working on the research program, and close to 60 journal articles published associated with the research. More than 10 patents have been issued with two still pending.
"We are working with UTA to bring the third generation of additives to market, based around nanotechnologies, a cutting-edge research field for lubricants," said Cork Jaeger, CEO of ESL TEKnologies and long-term collaborator with UTA.
"UTA's pipeline of patented technologies forms an important part of the differentiated finished products our customers can expect going forward," he said. "Our work is very directed toward market needs and will be based on proprietary technologies."
ESL TEKnologies recently signed an agreement with Amalie Oil, the largest private and family-owned independent blender of lubricants in North America, to gain exclusive rights to Spectrol branded lubricants, and is expanding its customer base across the United States.
"The new UTA technologies will form part of our offering going forward and represent a real breakthrough within the market," he added.
ESL TEKnologies and UTA's consortium includes a growing number of industrial groups, federal laboratories and industry leaders who are working to rapidly expand the offerings in this field.
Some 2.3 billion gallons of motor oil are consumed each year in the United States. Improved lubricant technologies would have a direct impact on fuel consumption, leading to increased overall energy efficiency.
This research reflects UTA's focus on global environmental impact within the University's Strategic Plan 2020 Bold Solutions|Global Impact as well as the guiding aspiration of leading in creativity, innovation, and entrepreneurship.
###
Does Jax Taylor admitting to an affair after only one day of indignant denial count as personal growth? Maybe … but that doesn't make his betrayal of sweet southern girl Brittany Cartwright sting any less.
On Monday's episode of Vanderpump Rules, Jax finally confesses to hooking up with ex-SURver Faith, breaking Brittany's heart.
“Tell me the truth. You did have sex with her?” she demands, angrily packing her things for a restorative trip to Las Vegas.
“Yes, it's true. Yes,” he sighs, sounding defeated. “It was when we were going through bad times.”
As he struggles to explain in a confessional, “This isn't my first time being caught cheating. You know, in the past, I've gone through months and months of deny, deny, deny, and that didn't work out for me. … Brittany and I had been fighting for a long time. There's just so many things. I didn't know [Faith] was gonna say anything … I don't know, man.”
Jax Taylor and Brittany Cartwright Charles Sykes/Bravo/NBCU Photo Bank/Getty
It's as if, after all this time, even Jax is tired of his own B.S. Brittany's rage and grief are as authentic as this show gets: She really believed she'd reformed the bad boy bartender, that they'd get married on her family's Kentucky land. That moving across the country to work as a waitress at the same restaurant as a guy she met on Instagram wasn't a reckless decision. That his insults about her weight and insistence on her getting boob job would be worth the pain.
And now, she's pissed.
“Rot in hell,” she spits before walking out.
Luckily, she's made some great friends in L.A., and the entire cast, possibly minus Tom Schwartz, is staunchly #TeamBrittany. (After a drunken emotional breakdown over his lack of drive, Schwartzy-poo insists Jax “can't help himself. It's in his nature. He was genetically predisposed to be a man wh***.”)
“I get it. I f—ed Jax,” admits Kristen Doute, who infamously slept with Jax during his relationship with her BFF Stassi Schroeder. “I've grown. I'm a better person. Jax can go f— himself.”
Preach. But apparently no one is going to talk about the fact that Jax got his comeuppance while wearing a Taco Bell sweatshirt, backwards, over a white collared shirt. Okay.
Elsewhere in WeHo, Stassi, like the Toms, registers for the Lisa Vanderpump School for Wayward Waiters (though she's going to major in event planning), and we finally meet her now off-again boyfriend Patrick Meagher. It's actually pretty adorable: They both like their steak cooked medium rare, they're both in radio/podcasting, and they both think she's certifiably insane.
“You're a really good person that is bats— crazy but happens to be uber talented. They get your podcast once a week. I get you every day, and I still want more of you,” he says. Aw, are we finally seeing someone worthy of our khaleesi?!
Tom and Ariana Madix dabble in BDSM, DJ James Kennedy also gets a second chance from Lisa, and Brittany returns from Vegas for a shift at SUR, completely icing out Jax.
She wants space, for him to take Sandoval's suggestion check into a hotel for a few days, but Jax isn't buying it … because they just had sex.
“I did something really stupid today. It was just like a moment of weakness,” she tells Ariana and Scheana Marie. “I know I shouldn't have done that, but I just wanted affection, I guess.”
Jax recognizes that he needs professional help … again.
“Do I want to work on the relationship? Yeah,” he tells Sandoval. “But I definitely need to go to therapy to figure out what the hell is wrong with me and why I keep doing what I'm doing.”
Vanderpump Rules airs Mondays at 9 p.m. ET on Bravo.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Sau San Tong Holdings Ltd:
* ‍EXPECTED TO RECORD A 9-MONTH LOSS ATTRIBUTABLE​
* EXPECTED RESULT DUE TO ‍DECREASE OF OVER 90% OF NET GAINS ON FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
A trader walks past the German DAX Index board on the trading floor at the Frankfurt stock exchange in Frankfurt, Germany, February 15, 2017. REUTERS/Ralph Orlowski
MILAN European shares inched up on Wednesday, steadying around 16 month highs, helped by gains in Syngenta and a rally in defence stocks on investor concerns about lingering geopolitical risks.
The pan-European STOXX 600 index rose 0.2 percent but trading was choppy just a few days ahead a holiday break, while Germany's DAX .GDXAI added 0.1 percent and France's CAC .FCHI was flat.
Syngenta (SYNN.S) was the biggest single-stock contributor to gains in the STOXX index, up 2.2 percent, after ChemChina's $43 billion planned takeover of the Swiss pesticides and seeds group received approval from Chinese regulators.
Europe's aerospace and defence stocks index .SXPARO outperformed, up 0.9 percent to a fresh 20 month highs.
"Every time macro political tensions arise, the sector gets a boost," said Federico Polese, fund manager at Simplify Partners, noting however that defence spending programs are long term and do not change when the political climate heats up.
"Investors are pricing in expectations of a rise to defence spending in the U.S.," he added.
Auto stocks .SXAP also provided support but their sectoral index pared some gains to end up 0.3 percent.
French auto parts manufacturer Faurecia (EPED.PA) gained 1 percent after it posted first-quarter sales up 10 percent to 4.2 billion euros. Deutsche Bank said strong results over consecutive semesters should feed through into a valuation which is one of the lowest in the sector.
German luxury carmaker Daimler (DAIGn.DE) gained 0.3 percent after it said first-quarter profits jumped 87 percent on strong Mercedes sales.
Dialog Semiconductor (DLGS.DE) was the top European faller for a second day, down 1.6 percent. It fell 14 percent on Tuesday after an analyst report said its biggest client Apple could be seeking to ditch its power management supply (PMIC) in favour of creating the parts itself.
"Apple PMIC insourcing fears appear overdone for Dialog," said Deutsche Bank, reiterating a 'hold' rating on the stock.
Britain's biggest retailer Tesco (TSCO.L) fell 5.7 percent as analysts pointed to a few negatives in its full-year results, including slowdown in UK and Ireland margins.
(Editing by Jeremy Gaunt)
The excavation site is located close to the city of Samen, in Iran's Hamadan province. It is located some 400 km from the Iranian capital, Tehran.
The city consists of underground tunnels connecting at least 25 rooms. Archaeologists have discovered the remains of 60 people in nine rooms, and are still working on excavating the rest of the site.
کشف شهر زیرزمینی پنهان در۴۰۰ کیلومتری غرب تهران در شهر سامن که در یک بستر سنگی ساخته شده pic.twitter.com/nAsREuEGVK — M.S.N.SORT (@MIMIMMA1970) 10 апреля 2017 г.
​Ali Khaksar, head of Iran's Organization of Cultural Heritage, Handicrafts and Tourism in Hamadan province, told Khabar Agency, a media outlet, that the underground settlement is believed to be around 2,000 years old.
#ایرنا خبرزده کشف شهرزیرزمینی در #400 کیلومتری تهران!اولا400کیلومتر خودش چنتاشهر ه.بعد مشخص شده منظور شهر2200ساله #سامن ملایرکه سال84کشف شده pic.twitter.com/lkpc6fTycP — زهرا کشوری (@zahrakeshvari) 11 апреля 2017 г.
​​The discovery is one of several exciting findings by Iranian archaeologists in recent months. Last month, archaeologists discovered underground living quarters carved into a mountain in central Iran dating back to the 12th century.
In February, an excavation in southern Iran led to the discovery of an ancient observatory which is believed to date back to the reign of the Sassanian dynasty from 224 to 651 CE.
© Sputnik. Eray Erkylych Turkish FM Praises the Naming of Ankara Street to Honor Slain Russian Ambassador
ANKARA (Sputnik) — A total of three people, including two police officers, were detained in the case prior to today's detention.
The report said the detainee had maintained contact by phone with ambassador's killer.
Andrei Karlov was shot and killed at an art gallery exhibition opening in Ankara on December 19. Three more people were injured in the shooting. The gunman was killed at the scene by the police. The Russian Foreign Ministry said it considered the attack a terrorist act.
Starting out with clouds and a few showers this morning. Early in the day will be our best rain chances and most of the rain should stay in the northern half of East Texas. Warm, humid conditions will continue into the afternoon, with just a slight chance for a shower or two popping up later today. Afternoon high temperatures will reach the lower 90s, but will feel more like the mid to upper 90s because of the high humidity.
After today, rain chances will decrease and become very slim for the rest of the week. Partly cloudy skies tomorrow with south winds and high temperatures reaching the lower to mid 90s.
A warming trend through mid week means afternoon high temperatures will reach the mid 90s by Wednesday. South winds could be breezy at times Wednesday and through the end of the week.
Thursday and Friday look hot and humid with high temperatures in the mid 90s, but feeling even warmer thanks to the humidity.
The weekend looks mostly sunny, hot and humid with temperatures once again reaching the mid 90s each afternoon.
Copyright 2017 KLTV. All rights reserved.
Following my first rest day in Hungary, I departed for what would be a difficult 8-day stretch into the capital of Budapest. All eight days would be relatively long, as I put my foot on the accelerator.
The first day was quite dreary. It was gray and cold all day, and the long stretches of baren forests started to get old after a while. Late in the day I stumbled across this very strange shelter, complete with animal leg bone ornamentation and a string of vertebrae hanging from a neighboring tree. I started having thoughts of Blair Witch Project. Concerns faded when I stayed on course and didn't see the shelter a second time. Weird, but at least I didn't have to worry about someone leaving eyeball trinkets.
The weather improved a bit the next day, but it was also not terribly exciting. I spent most of the day going in and out of forests scattered across the rolling hills. Got a good laugh at the hay rolls turned minions in the village of Borzavar.
The destination that day was Zirc, a nice town highlighted by the large central square and Zirc Abby.
The trail improved after Zirc, with some decent single-track sections to help break up the dirt roads. There were a few stone houses along the route, and I finished the day in the sleepy village of Bakonykuti. The guesthouse hosts did not speak English or German, but they preemptively contacted the mayor. The mayor stopped by to translate and join us for a welcome drink. A welcome drink is fairly common in Hungary, and is usually palinka (fruit brandy) or other brandy that has fruit and/or vegetables soaking in it. One I particularly enjoyed was brandy with raisins and Hungarian peppers.
I was also entertained by the hosts' choice of toilet seat, as it was embedded with sparkling gold barbed wire. It looked like a piece from an Ai Weiwei exhibition of gold-plated instruments of societal control or something.
Leaving Bakonykuti, I passed near a lake and through some parkland before seeing the castle in Csokako. Along the way, I saw an excellent example of a Trabant 1.1, which was one of many “cars of the people” that I have spotted in Hungary. Soviet-era Lada models are still going strong as well.
After Csokako, I had to take a detour because logging equipment was operating on the roads used by the blue trail. The road was completely destroyed, muddy, and potentially dangerous, prompting me to divert into Csakvar.
Lots of forest walking ensued after leaving Csakvar, and the trail was slick with mud hiding under the fallen leaves. I was struck by this silver-painted carving on a tree along the route.
I also spotted a group of about eight Mouflons, a type of wild sheep. I have seen plenty of wildlife in Hungary, including deer, pheasants, Mouflon, and foxes. However, since hunting is common, the wildlife is skittish and it is very difficult to capture them on camera. I managed to capture two big Mouflon rams as they ran away from me.
The afternoon was very cold, and I felt a bit hypothermic when I arrived in Alsogalla. Nothing that a steaming bowl of goulash couldn't fix.
Lots of high hill walking marked the day into Mogyorosbanya. On the descent out of the hills I came across this small shrine and memorial sculpture, which were both striking.
The day into Piliscsaba was again muddy, and the weather deteriorated late in the day. By dark it was raining with occasional sleet. When passing through the Dorog area, I came across this memorial to locals that were killed in a coal mining accident. Some coal is still mined in the area, but mining is on the decline.
The final day into Budapest was very foggy. I spent the morning wandering through the hills with poor visibility. This was followed by several hours of traversing suburbia and busy streets on the way to the Danube. It was a shame that the weather was not better for my arrival, but being greeted by the Danube and parliament building was satisfying.
I spent a couple of days exploring Budapest during my rest time. I also used the opportunity to find a new pair of shoes (since the current pair was starting to fall apart) and get a haircut. Budapest was still busy, even though it was not tourist season. The Christmas markets were in full swing, and it was nice to see people out eating, drinking hot wine, and having a great time despite the cold.
It was great to have a break and do some sightseeing before heading off to the far Northeast part of the country.
Walking days: 181
Total distance walked: 5152km (3201mi)
On Friday, President Donald Trump threw his weight behind the Republican candidate in Virginia's gubernatorial race, Ed Gillespie, tweeting that the Democratic candidate Ralph Northam is “fighting for MS-13 killer gangs and sanctuary cities.”
Ralph Northam,who is running for Governor of Virginia,is fighting for the violent MS-13 killer gangs & sanctuary cities. Vote Ed Gillespie! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 6, 2017
The Virginia race is the only contested statewide election this year and has been pegged as a test of electoral politics in the Trump era, according to The Washington Post. A Washington Post-Schar School poll released Thursday indicated Northam, the Democrat, lead Gillespie by 53 percent to 40 percent among the voters surveyed.
An endorsement from the President doesn't indicate an automatic win, as was evidenced during the Republican primary run-off election in Alabama last month.
Trump endorsed Sen. Luther Strange (R-AL), but the incumbent ended up losing to a controversial conservative and former state Supreme Court Chief Justice Roy Moore.
Turkey's Erdoğan gears up his anti-Semitic rhetoric as targeting KRG's Barzani
Turkey's autocratic President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan continued on Thursday to associate Kurdistan Regional Government's (KRG) referendum on independence from Iraq with Jews and Israel while threatening to shut down border crossings and air travel with KRG in near future.
“Who is giving you counsel? Only Israel is behind you,” Erdoğan said of KRG President Masoud Barzani who defied international pressure from allies, and threats from neighboring Iran and Turkey to go ahead with the poll.
“Who teaches you [Barzani] this? Only Israel is behind you. A former French foreign minister in on your right side, another Jew is on your left side, you work at the table with them. They are not your friends. They are with you today, but tomorrow not. You should look at us.” Erdoğan added, referring to Bernard Kouchner and the French philosopher Bernard-Henri Levy respectively.
He was alluding to a recent photograph of Barzani's on the night of the referendum with a group of former Western statesmen, intellectuals and Kurdish officials that included the two Frenchmen with Jewish roots, long-time supporters of the Kurdish cause.
Since the emergence of the picture, Turkey's pro-government and Islamist media have been buzzing with conspiracy theories about Levy's activities, his Jewish ethnicity and questions about Barzani's roots, some of the articles loaded with anti-Semitic and anti-Kurdish hostility.
“They are not your friends, not your friends. They are with you today, but will disappear tomorrow,” Erdoğan said in a protesting tone during a televised meeting with an audience from Kurdish provinces.
Erdoğan's comments followed his earlier claims in Iran during meetings with President Hassan Rouhani and the Supreme Leader of the Islamic Revolution Ayatollah Ali Khamenei that KRG's vote was a scheme designed by the Israeli intelligence agency MOSSAD.
“You have to look at us,” he further said, complaining that KRG leaders did not ask him when they initiated the process for independence. He further accused Erbil of being ungrateful to Turkey and treacherous to Iraq but claimed he had no problem with his “Kurdish brothers.”
Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has rejected previous, similar allegations by Erdoğan that his country played any role in the Kurdish push for statehood. Erdoğan last week threatened food sanctions on Kurdistan and vowed to shut down an oil pipeline carrying oil from the region to the world markets through Turkey.
Erdoğan on Thursday said Turkey, Iraq and Iran would soon close airspace and borders with the KRG as a measure against an independence referendum held in the KRG on September 25.
“There is Iran on one side, in the north Turkey, in the south, the Iraqi government, in the west, Syria. What will you [KRG President Massoud Barzani] do? Where will you go? How will you exit? Now all airspace will be closed. Flights have already been halted, who will come? How will you go? Borders will also be closed soon. How will you enter and exit?” Erdoğan said while talking to a group of civil society representatives from Kurdish-populated southeastern Turkey at the presidential palace in Ankara.
Ankara, Tehran and Baghdad have been weighing sanctions against the KRG, which held an independence referendum on Sept. 25 despite warnings from neighbors and the international community including the US.
Upon a question, Erdoğan said there has been no positive signal from the KRG up to now and no contact with KRG officials, either. “Finally, [KRG President Massoud] Barzani and friends will give it up. In fact, there is no legitimacy to what they have done. It is against international law,” said Erdoğan. “He has to cancel the results of the referendum,” Erdoğan said upon a question of what steps by Barzani would be welcomed by Ankara.
“There is no support for the KRG except by Israel. Hence, they have to give it up. If not, we will have to take some steps in accordance with a timetable.”
Erdoğan on Sept. 26 warned Barzani not to rely on Israel. “Those who are provoking you today will leave you alone tomorrow, but we will continue to live together for thousands of years. Don't destroy your tomorrow by your ambition today. The fact that Israeli flags are waving there will not save you, you should know that,” Erdoğan said.
Ninety-two percent of voters in Kurdistan approved on September 25 the century-old Kurdish quest for statehood. Ankara and Tehran fear the secession of KRG would embolden their millions-strong Kurdish populations to demand further cultural, linguistic and political freedoms, including different degrees of autonomy.
Meanwhile, Ankara has reiterated that it is ready to initiate a military invasion of the self-declared Kurdish canton of Afrin in northwestern Syria, Erdoğan's spokesperson İbrahim Kalın said on Thursday. Speaking to the state-run TRT television, Kalın said Afrin, controlled by the US-allied People's Protection Units (YPG), constituted a threat to Turkey's national security and borders.
“Turkey will intervene as it finds the time and the place suitable. Let everyone come to their senses,” he reiterated a months-old threat on Afrin. “Our President says we may suddenly show up one night,” Kalın said, reminding of a phrase oft-used by Erdoğan to imply military action.
Kalın claimed Turkey's problem was not with the Kurds in Afrin but with the ruling Democratic Union Party (PYD), the ruling party in Syrian Kurdistan. He added Ankara had no plans to punish the Kurdish people in the KRG either, but Turkey's reaction was “only meant to force the regional administration reverse the mistake.”
In Afrin, surrounded from the north and west by Turkey and isolated from the other two self-declared Kurdish autonomous cantons of Kobani and Jazira, the US has no military presence. However, Kurds in Afrin mostly rely on a regiment of the Russian army to keep any Turkish threat in check.
YPG has previously announced that any Turkish invasion would meet with resistance and disrupt an ongoing campaign to liberate the Islamic State Of Iraq and Levant (ISIL) de facto capital of Raqqa in eastern Syria. In October 2016, a score of Turkish airstrikes killed over 100 fighters in airstrikes on Afrin that drew condemnation from Russia, and which the US described as “uncoordinated movements.”
Related
The Windows 10 April 2018 Update, version 1803, is enjoying the fastest rollout of any Windows 10 major update thus far.
Even though last-minute delays pushed its rollout into May for most users (it was available to manually install on the last day of April, but it didn't hit Windows Update until May's Patch Tuesday), as of the 29th of the month, it's now being used on just over half of all Windows 10 machines.
By way of comparison, the previous update, version 1709 ("Fall Creators Update") took about two months to reach 50 percent penetration, and the one before that, version 1703 ("Creators Update") took around three months to reach the same level.
The faster rollout suggests greater confidence within Microsoft that the update is relatively problem-free. Version 1803 hasn't been immune to issues—it was blocked temporarily from installation on systems with certain SSDs—but the speed of the rollout suggests that it has avoided any major issues.
The penetration figures come not from Microsoft but from AdDuplex, which offers an advertising SDK that is used in UWP applications. This means that certain kinds of installations—those using the Long Term Servicing Channel (LTSC) releases, which don't include the Microsoft Store at all—are not included. Other installations—those in corporate environments—are likely undersampled due to lesser use of ad-supported software. Microsoft hasn't released numbers, but it maintains that deployments of the LTSC release are relatively limited. We'd expect enterprise adoption to have a longer tail—greater use of older versions to take advantage of the 18-month support window that each update receives—and slower initial adoption.
We still hear quite a bit of trepidation from enterprises about the new updates, especially with regard to their quality during the first few months of availability. This doesn't seem to be sufficient to drive enterprises onto the LTSC releases, but it does mean that they're not willing to be part of the initial stampede of updates. The release of each update is staggered, with Microsoft offering it to a wider range of systems as more data is received about how well it's working. In the past, the company has announced when it has opened the floodgates and made the update available to everyone; it has also said that this action is the cue for wider corporate deployments. We'd expect this to remain true for version 1803.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
A retired member of the world-famous Rockettes dance troupe is encouraging its members to set aside their political differences and proudly perform at the inauguration of President-elect Donald Trump.
“The only thing the Rockettes should be focused on is performing for our nation and helping unite us all with the joy, love, beauty and strength for which they are famous,” says Patty DeCarlo Grantham, a veteran member of the renowned troupe.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Grantham, who's president of the 552-member Rockette Alumnae Association, says she was appalled by backlash and calls encouraging Rockettes to boycott the inaugural event.
“To perform for someone that represents everything that we, as women, have ever had to overcome is contrary to everything we know to be right and true,” former Rockette Autumn Withers wrote last week, The Wrap reported.
“On a national level, the optics of this alone normalize the atrocious remarks Mr. Trump has openly made towards women,” Withers continued. “The idea that if you simply ask their bosses or perhaps pay their bosses enough money, a line of beautiful women will oblige anyone in any way is exploitation.”
Grantham, responding to Withers, wrote to the Madison Square Garden Co., which owns Radio City Music Hall.
“We are all aware how contentious this election has been for our country,” Grantham wrote, assuring MSG owner James Dolan “that in no way does Ms. Withers' opinions reflect the opinion of the Rockette Alumnae Association.”
Madison Square Garden Company released a statement last week confirming that the high-kicking dancers are not obligated to perform and that each Rockette “must voluntarily sign up.”
.@MSG says "it is always their choice" in new statement on #Rockettes performing at Trump inauguration https://t.co/6CjiuSCFAG pic.twitter.com/gbDIrROqbW — Jackie Strause (@jackiedstrause) December 23, 2016
“Like the millions of people who are true Rockette fans, we cannot wait to see the Rockettes proudly ‘strut their stuff' for the upcoming inauguration of the President of the United States of America,” wrote Grantham, who performed as a Rockette from 1959 through 1970.
The Rockettes last performed at President George W. Bush's presidential inauguration in 2005. The iconic dance troupe will join previously announced performers the Mormon Tabernacle Choir and teenage opera singer Jackie Evancho at the event on January 20.
Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson
Canadian whistleblower Christopher Wylie is at the centre of an international scandal that allegedly helped the Trump campaign capitalize politically from private Facebook information. (The Canadian Press)
Canadian expert says his analytics company helped Trump campaign capitalize on private Facebook info
The federal privacy watchdog says he's concerned about the possibility that the personal information of Facebook users was harvested for political purposes.
Privacy Commissioner Daniel Therrien says his office will contact Facebook to find out whether the personal information of Canadians was affected by a major data leak involving the global social media platform.
A Canadian data expert named Christopher Wylie has exposed the breach in media interviews, saying he helped found a data analytics company that helped the Trump campaign capitalize politically on private Facebook information.
READ MORE: Canadian internet users looking more beyond Google and Facebook, report says
In a statement today, Therrien says his office has also offered to assist an investigation into the matter already launched by the U.K. information commissioner's office.
Therrien says his ultimate goal is to ensure that the privacy rights of Canadian Facebook users are protected.
Reports by The New York Times and The Observer of London say U.S. President Donald Trump's 2016 campaign hired data-analytics company Cambridge Analytica to collect private information from the Facebook profiles of more than 50 million users.
“Recent media reports regarding the use of personal information posted on Facebook for political purposes raise serious privacy concerns,” Therrien said in the statement.
“Our office will be reaching out to Facebook to seek information regarding whether Canadians' personal information was affected by the issues raised in those reports. That will help us determine possible next steps.”
The Canadian Press
A few days back we reported on the Red hat progress with supporting WebRTC-based screen-casting under Wayland that's working both for KDE Plasma and GNOME Shell. Given all the concerns over the years in supporting screen sharing / remote desktop under Wayland and the bits only coming together recently, Red Hat's Jan Grulich has offered up a guide.Grulich, who has been involved with the Wayland screen-sharing work via his role at Red Hat, has published a guide about getting the support enabled and working for KDE or GNOME on Wayland.The approach relies upon the PipeWire framework, utilizing XDG-Desktop-Portal with its KDE or GTK back-ends, and then ensuring your desktop components support it. For now on the KDE side you need to be using KDE Plasma 5.13 with an environment variable set while for GNOME's Mutter there is a currently out-of-tree patch required.Check out Grulich's guide for getting screen sharing on Wayland. For Fedora users at least the process is largely straight-forward thanks to Copr repositories offering up what isn't already in their mainline packages.
Minister of Economic Development, Mr Ebrahim Patel, officially opening the Cape Town Iron and Steel Works (Cisco) plant in Cape Town yesterday, cutting the ribbon with the Turkish ambassador Elif Comoglu Ulgen and DHT's Dagistan Turanli. Photo: Phando Jikelo/African News Agency/ANA
The 50-year-old Cape Town Iron and Steel Works (Cisco) plant in Kuils River was shut down in 2010 and put in care and maintenance by its previous owner, listed Murray & Roberts (M&R), resulting in the loss of 360 jobs.
M&R shut the plant because it was not economically viable at the time. DHT Holdings acquired Cisco in 2012, invested R550m to expand and upgrade the steel plant, and has now returned the plant to full capacity.
Economic Development Minister Ebrahim Patel said yesterday investment was the lifeblood of the economy and the investment by DHT was an example of President Cyril Ramaphosa's $100 billion (R1.26 trillion) target of fresh investments the country needed over the next five years.
The Industrial Development Corporation had partnered with DHT and supplied R250m of the investment, said Patel at the official re-opening of the plant.
DHT Holdings produces steel from scrap using electric arc furnaces.
Cisco's products, which were typically used in the manufacturing and construction industries, were sold domestically within South Africa and exported to Southern African and other global markets.
Patel said scrap metal was a national resource, which for many years had been unutilised.
But industry foundaries and steel mills had begun to use scrap metal as an input into the production of steel products, he said.
Patel said the focus in the past 10 to 12 years was on the raw steel in the form of scrap metal, which was loaded on to containers and exported to countries such as China, India and other places.
There it was transformed into steel products, which boosted the infrastructure of those countries, he said.
Patel said DHT president Dagistan Turanli and his team saw an opportunity to help South Africans to take the country's scrap metal and turn it into steel products.
“What we are celebrating today is that process and that partnership,” he said. Patel said the company was able to produce 80 000 tons of steel in the past year since it had been back in production.
He said this steel had gone into local products in the country and was also exported to the US, Tanzania, Kenya, Mozambique, Namibia, Botswana, Zimbabwe and Uganda.
“What they are doing is helping Africa to industrialise. Its a project that supports the continent itself with its infrastructure programme,” he said.
The Department of Economic Development issued a new directive in 2013 that gave the International Trade Administration Commission the power to bar exports of both ferrous and non-ferrous scrap metal unless the metal was first offered to domestic purchasers at a 20 percent discount to the prevailing international price.
This was an attempt by the government to come to prevent many local foundries and other beneficiators from closing down or significantly reducing their production capacity.
This discount was subsequently increased to up to 30 percent on some types of scrap metal.
-BUSINESS REPORT
CAPE TOWN - R550 million investment by Turkish firm DHT Holdings into a Cape steel firm, which was shut down eight years ago, has resulted in the re-establishment of the company and the return of 300 of the retrenched workers.
It's that time of year when you have to figure out how to get dressed (appropriately) for all those holiday parties. Valerie Joseph, the owner of POSHd at Ward Village, appeared on Sunrise to offer some valuable fashion advice. She showed off three looks.
The first model shows how to snazz it up for the casual house party. Joseph said to avoid the fashion faux pas of pairing red and green. Instead, have tones of red or green in your outfit and then add in a fun accessory.
The second model shows off what to wear at a holiday party for work. Make sure it's appropriate and not too revealing. Joseph suggested that you utilize the little black dress and then throw over a jacket with some bling on it in order to take your outfit from day to night. She used a long jacket with black shiny hardware in order to make this outfit pop.
Lastly, she shows us what to wear to that fancy gala without spending a fortune. For this, Joseph used a little white dress from the summer and then paired it with a fun, matching shawl and some shiny accessories to glam up the whole look.
Copyright 2017. Hawaii News Now.
Quebec's minister of culture has announced that the prized painting of Saint Jerome by French artist Jacques‑Louis David will be classified as a provincial heritage document, effectively thwarting the National Gallery of Canada's controversial efforts to buy the work and move it to Ottawa.
“It is my duty as minister to protect this work that is part of our history,” said Marie Montpetit, relying upon Quebec's Cultural Heritage Act this week. “It is with pride that I announce today that Jacques-Louis David's Saint Jerome will remain in Quebec.”
The political decision appears to end what had appeared to be a murky struggle involving the National Gallery and several leading Quebec museums attempting to acquire the 1799 painting, which is owned by the Notre‑Dame‑de‑Québec Parish Corp. in Quebec City and which is one of just two works by David held in Canada.
The parish organization has wanted to sell the painting for as much as $6.3 million to raise funds for building upkeep, according to media reports. Meanwhile, to raise funds meant to buy the David painting, the National Gallery deaccessioned La Tour Eiffel, one of two paintings by Marc Chagall in its collection, and arranged to sell it at auction in New York in mid-May, where it could fetch as much as $9 million.
Initially, the National Gallery did not disclose that it was the David painting that it was seeking to buy with proceeds from the Chagall painting. The National Gallery's director and CEO, Marc Mayer, would only say that the Chagall was being sold to finance the acquisition of a “national treasure” that otherwise might well have been bought by a foreign buyer.
However, Quebec newspapers reported that the David painting was likely in the National Gallery's sights. Moreover, the Montreal Museum of Fine Arts and Musée de la civilisation in Quebec City publicly expressed their interest in jointly acquiring the David painting, and in keeping it in Quebec.
In 1922, the David painting was donated to the parish corporation by two sisters, Geneviève and Henriette Cramail, who were descendants of the French artist Gustave Mailand, who previously had owned the work. The sisters settled in Quebec City in the early 1900s and after the Cathedral-Basilica of Notre-Dame de Québec was gutted by fire in 1922, they offered the David painting to the parish.
Late Monday afternoon, the National Gallery released a letter stating that it was not in “a bidding struggle” to buy the David, and that it did not intend to “pre-empt efforts by museums in Quebec to purchase the work.”
“We were led to believe that, although more than a year had elapsed since the painting was offered for sale, a Quebec institutional buyer seemed unlikely,” said the letter from Mayer and Françoise Lyon, chair of the museum's board of trustees.
“It was at this time that we also learned that Saint Jerome was being offered to foreign institutions. We made it clear to the owner that we would make every effort to keep the picture in Canada and they agreed to grant us more time to raise the funds. When it comes to the sensitive matter of art acquisitions, discretion is a necessary standard practice. Our actions were never intended to give ourselves an advantage over Quebec museums, but rather to protect a major work with significance for Canada from leaving the country.”
The letter suggested that if the National Gallery were to buy the David “it need not be on exclusive permanent display at the National Gallery of Canada. We would welcome developing a long-term loan agreement with museums in Quebec. Indeed, we have a long history of such arrangements.”
However, last week, Mayer said that the National Gallery was not interested in working with the Quebec museums on a joint acquisition, and that the David painting was “not a child of a divorced couple that shuttles back and forth.”
Monday's letter added that the gallery's board will proceed nonetheless with the sale of the Chagall painting in New York on May 15. “The proceeds from the sale of Marc Chagall's The Eiffel Tower will be used for three important purposes: supporting the possible acquisition of David's Saint Jerome, establishing a financial safety net to acquire works at risk of leaving the country, and strengthening the gallery's ability to acquire major works of art, either alone or in partnership with the National Gallery of Canada Foundation,” Mayer and Lyon wrote.
The Chagall painting's departure from the gallery's collection has prompted two online petitions in protest. Almost 900 people have signed the petitions, calling for La Tour Eiffel to remain in Ottawa.
phum@postmedia.com
twitter.com/peterhum
Soufriere residents are celebrating a major milestone for the town's Fond St. Jacques Primary School.
The school has emerged in the top position among public schools for students' performance at the 2018 common entrance examination.
It's the first time that a school in district 8 has achieved this feat.
As Alison Kentish reports, education officials, students, staff and parents are beaming with pride for a small school that has achieved in a big way!
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
LinkedIn
Skype
Google
Pinterest
Tumblr
Telegram
Reddit
Earlier this month Feral's Linux team lead left the company after a triumphant five years at the company leading the Linux game porting team through titles such as HITMAN, Deus Ex: Mankind Divided, and Rise of the Tomb Raider. It turns out he's now working for Unity Technologies.Marc Di Luzio was the Linux Group Lead at Feral Interactive for most of the time since joining the UK Mac/Linux game porting company in 2013. When departing Feral he hadn't commented on his next adventure, but his LinkedIn was just updated to indicate he's now working at Unity Technologies in a software development capacity.
He hasn't indicated whether he has taken up any Linux-specific role at Unity, but it wouldn't be surprising given his past at Feral. With Unity on Linux generally being in good standing already, we'll count it as a win regardless to have another developer there who is passionate about Linux and cross-platform gaming.
HORTICULTURE operators want urgent water reform and a new mandatory national Food and Grocery Code of Conduct, in their wide-reaching blueprint to grow the state's $3.1 billion industry.
Their new document claims the state's producers are being hit with debilitating power and water costs despite already being stuck at the end of a supply chain where they are forced to be ‘price takers'.
“Maximising grower returns is critical to ensuring industry sustainability,” the Horticulture Coalition of SA document said, calling for new rules in negotiations with supermarket heavyweights.
It also said urgent reform of water and power infrastructure was critical for long-term industry wellbeing, and governments must ensure “irrigation allocations are not cut unless water restrictions are also in place for urban and other water users”.
“And mining and forestry must not be given special treatment with allocations or licences outside the planning process to the detriment of other water users within a particular region.”
Coalition president Susie Green said there were 3,500 majority family run horticulture businesses in the state contributing 13,500 permanent jobs and 24,000 seasonal jobs.
“Horticulture is a critical industry for South Australia and has strong potential for continual growth,” Ms Green said.
“The Horticulture Coalition of SA has put forward our blueprint for South Australia's horticulture industry in advance of the SA election in March to ensure that all politicians recognise and support horticulture as an economic driver for the state.”
The report highlighted key problems, saying in the lucrative Riverland horticulture region growers sometimes started the “water year” with low or zero water allocations, making planning difficult and creating “a high level of personal and business stress”.
“Low initial allocations have resulted in dramatic increases in temporary water costs,” the blueprint said.
“When these allocations have subsequently been quickly increased, growers who have purchased water early have paid large amounts of additional money for higher priced temporary water.”
A key priority was including more horticulture industry experts in making rules, particularly in River Murray allocations, and that they should be engaged “early and often in the development of water policy generally”.
There were also significant concerns over the impact of skyrocketing power prices on producers.
Many businesses reported a 100 per cent increase in the cost of electricity in the past financial year, saying it created intense strain on the industry and made it “uncompetitive to interstate and overseas businesses and products”.
In the past five years, the farmgate value of horticulture produce in the state has increased by 37 per cent and the industry believed it could maintain the current trajectory if these key areas were adequately addressed.
The continued growth level could see more than 3000 new jobs and more than $330 million in additional farmgate value created over five years.
Power situation restored to normalcy
GINA, GUYANA, Tuesday, February 14, 2017
Acting Chief Executive Officer of the Guyana Power and Light (GPL), Renford Homer said that during the recent spate of power outages the first course of order was to restore power. He said that normally it would take one hour, but this time it went beyond that time due to a particular issue.
The Acting CEO was at the time addressing media operatives, giving an update on the recent spate of power outages which started on Sunday night, and which affected a number of areas that are fed by the Kingston and Sophia transmission lines.
Homer said that on Monday GPL tried to identify what occurred during the power outage, and while identifying the problems, several other issues were also encountered.
“Close to midday, they identified a major issue along this corridor (Lamaha Street & Vlissengen Road). This is where one of the conductors with voltage of 13.KW (Kilowatts) came into contact with the main transmission line which is a 69- KV(Kilovolts) line. So the two came together and that caused the fire explosion that disturbed the entire network,” Homer explained.
The Acting CEO told media operatives that between 03:00hours and 17:30hours, GPL de-energised the transmission line along with the one linking Vreed-en-Hoop to Kingston, so residents in some parts of Queenstown, Prashad Nagar, Kitty, and Subryanville were affected for an extended period. The problem was rectified after 17:00hours yesterday, Homer said.
“A disturbance of that nature could have a rippling effect and the F9 transmission line (Kitty) was the one that suffered severe shock, so earlier this morning, we had a disturbance and this is believed to be an after effect (of) what took place on Sunday. GPL then got four of the transmission distribution crew and they combed the length of the F9 feeder and the F3 feeder which feeds central Georgetown,” the CEO pointed out.
Homer said that what was discovered this morning is that the F9 feeder was entangled with the F3 feeder and led to a disruption that eventually brought one of the generators down. The CEO explained that the intention was to look for defects along the corridor that could cause a feedback and lead to complications.
“We believe we have done a comprehensive check and should not be in a similar situation again,” the CEO said.
Homer noted that there are several issues that need to be fixed on the network, and that GPL has done work over time, but more needs to be done. He pointed out that the system has exhibited an acceptable performance, and there are initiatives that GPL is working on to identify the faults and have them rectified.
Additionally, Minister of Public Infrastructure David Patterson said that there is a distribution problem and the system needs upgrading. The Minister pointed out that US$31M from GPL funding will be used over the next two years for upgrading the system and for developing an alternative line. Minister Patterson noted that tenders were recently opened for this project.
“It's one of the challenges that GPL and the government is faced with right now .There has been complaints as to why are the lines like that and who did it and who is wrong and who is right, but they are all academic for me, but this is what we have inherited and this is what we are addressing,” Minister Patterson explained.
The Minister pointed out that the system is made to protect itself, so that when there are spikes it shuts down.
By: Gabreila Patram
It sounds like Monday's Supergirl (The CW, 8/7c) will more than make up for this week's interrupted moment between Kara and Mon-El.
RELATEDSupergirl Casts Hercules‘ Kevin Sorbo: What's His Villainous Role?
Notorious DC prankster Mr. Mxyzptlk turns National City upside down and inside out as he wreaks magic havoc in an attempt to woo the Girl of Steel. Of course, there's one small development he isn't taking into consideration: Kara's already been wooed!
“Mon-El hates this guy,” Chris Wood tells TVLine of the tongue-twisting baddie (played by Once Upon a Time in Wonderland‘s Peter Gadiot). “He hates that he's ruined this moment where they're finally going to connect, and he hates even more that this guy wants Kara to marry him and is trying to manipulate the situation into making her almost feel like he has no choice.”
RELATEDFlash/Supergirl Musical Crossover Features Duet Written by Rachel Bloom, Song From La La Land Duo
As seen in the ridiculously fun — and just plain ridiculous — promo for the episode, titled “Mr. & Mrs. Mxyzptlk,” Mon-El eventually comes to blows with the magical menace. And there's a lot more than just anger going into those punches.
“When he ends up fighting Mr. Mxyzptlk, he definitely has all of [those feelings for Kara] fueling his blows,” Wood says. “Every punch is filled with ‘Don't touch her! She's mine!'”
Hit PLAY on the promo above, then drop a comment with your hopes for the outrageous episode below.
Since yesterday morning, Bethesda has been drawing more than 100,000 Twitch viewers to a static "Please Stand By" screen with a Fallout Pip-Boy in the foreground. Today, those patient fans were rewarded with a rather cryptic, gameplay-free trailer for Fallout 76, the next game from Bethesda Game Studios.
Opening with a cover of John Denver's "Take Me Home, Country Roads," the teaser slowly leads us through the interior of Vault 76, which we know from past games was built in the Virginia area. According to the in-game lore, Vault 76 is one of Vault-Tec's "control vaults," designed to be one of the first to open up to the outside world 20 years after the 2077 apocalypse. Judging by the dates in the trailer, that opening might have been delayed—there's a Pip-Boy in a few shots that displays a date of "27 Oct 2102," five years behind "schedule."
Still, the teaser appears to show someone gearing up for a red-letter day. The vault—which appears pristine and functional—is littered with the remains of a huge party, and the character appears to have set his or her alarm in order to get up early for "Reclamation Day," which we assume is when the doors open and the vault's inhabitants emerge to take back a world cleansed of Commies and rich with oil.
Boy, are they going to be in for a surprise.
A politician on the trailer's old tube TV intones gravely: "When the fighting has stopped and the fallout has settled, you must rebuild." Reading way too much into that statement, we could guess that Fallout 76 might be a combat-free take on the Fallout formula, refocusing and expanding on the base-building elements of Fallout 4. Kotaku says that they "hear it's an online game of some sort," so it might be prudent to avoid getting your hopes up for a single-player RPG in the style of previous entries.
We're expecting to learn more about Fallout 76 at Bethesda's E3 press event on Sunday, June 10. If you really want to buy anything with the "Fallout" name attached without knowing anything about it, though, pre-orders are already open for Windows, PS4, and Xbox One editions.
Did You Know - courtesy of the Joplin Police Department (12/11/2017)
Did You Know?
-We currently have 13 open police officer positions
-We have offered jobs to 3 applicants from the September Testing
-1 of them will graduate the academy this week and join us December 18th to start in-house training before field training
-1 of them is an experienced police officer and will also join us December 18th to start in house training before field training
-1 of them works in our jail now and will go to the academy starting in January before joining us in training in May 2018
-We are testing to fill the remaining 10 open police officer positions on January 27th, 2018 (more details soon)
Transition metal oxides such as Zinc Oxide (ZnO) are at the center of the recent surge in research and development on solar energy conversion into electrical (photovoltaics) or chemical (photocatalytic) forms, but also of applications such as detectors of high-energy radiation. All of these applications rely on the generation of negative (electrons) and positive (holes) charges, and the understanding of their evolution as a function of time is crucial for these applications.
While electrons have been detected by various techniques, holes have so far escaped observation. Various reasons are behind this: the signal of holes is obscured by that of the electrons and/or element-selective strategies cannot be implemented because they require working under vacuum, i.e. conditions which remote from the practical ones, e.g. the solution phase.
The lab of Majed Chergui at EPFL, within the Lausanne Centre for Ultrafast Science, along with scientists from the Paul-Scherrer-Institut and the Argonne National Laboratory (Chicago) have now successfully detected holes and identified their trapping sites after above band-gap photoexcitation using time-resolved element-selective techniques. The researchers used a novel dispersive X-ray emission spectrometer, combined with X-ray absorption spectroscopy. The technique allowed them to directly detect the trapping of holes with a resolution of 80 picoseconds (1 picosecond is a millionth of a millionth of a second).
The data, supported by computer simulations, revealed that photo-excited holes become trapped in the substrate at singly charged oxygen vacancies. The hole trapping turns the latter into doubly charged vacancies, which causes four zinc atoms around them to move outwards by approximately 15%. The hole traps then recombine radiatively with the delocalized electrons of the conduction band, which generates the green luminescence that is commonly detected when ZnO is used as a detector of high-energy radiation. Identifying the hole traps and their evolution opens up new insights for the future development of devices and nanodevices based on transition metal oxides.
"This is only the beginning," says Majed Chergui. "With the launch of the new Swiss X-ray free electron laser, SwissFEL at the Paul-Scherrer-Institut, a new era is opening before us."
###
Funding
Swiss National Science Foundation (NCCR:MUST)
European Research Council (H2020)
Reference
Edoardo Baldini, Tania Palmieri, Thomas Rossi, Malte Oppermann, Enrico Pomarico, Gerald Auböck, Majed Chergui. Revealing hole trapping in zinc oxide nanoparticles by time-resolved X-ray spectroscopy". Nature Communications 02 February 2018. DOI: 10.1038/s41467-018-02870-4
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — Earlier on Monday, French media reported that Hollande had given a speech in front of another French unit, stressing the importance of the fight against terrorism in Iraq as it would help prevent terrorist attacks in France.
"The next objective is Raqqa. France is part of [the US-led international] coalition in Iraq as well as in Syria," Hollande said, as quoted on the Elysee Palace's Twitter.
.@fhollande "le prochain objectif, c'est Raqqa. La France participe à la coalition aussi bien en Irak qu'en Syrie " — Élysée (@Elysee) 2 января 2017 г.
​The president, who had earlier met with Iraqi Prime Minister Haider Abadi, added that France was advising the Iraqi forces and conducting airstrikes against the terrorists to help them, but it was the Iraqi soldiers who were fighting on the ground and they would be the ones to win back Mosul.
"Our only enemy is Daesh," Hollande stressed.
​Hollande's agenda for the day includes giving out medicaments and humanitarian aid with the Kurdistan region's President Masoud Barzani and meeting with Kurdish Peshmerga fighters and French military personnel who advise them.
On October 17, 2016, Iraqi government forces, backed by the US-led coalition of more than 60 nations, began an offensive to retake the country's second largest city, Mosul, from the Daesh terrorist group, outlawed in Russia and many other countries.
France has participated in the airstrikes against Daesh targets carried out by the coalition, but has not deployed any ground troops.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
HARRY Kewell's Crawley Town has suffered a winless run of games as the League Two seasons approaches the home stretch, leaving them seven points off a promotion play-off spot.
With Kewell overseeing a remarkable turnaround of form, Crawley have suffered back-to-back draws and a loss in their last three league matches.
Despite the results, Crawley effectively salvaged two points from their most recent matches against Morecambe – with a 93rd minute equaliser in a 1-1 draw at home – and Carlisle United – coming back from 2-0 down to pick up a point on the road.
It was the result away to Carlisle, who sit just above 12th placed Crawley on the ladder, which pleased Kewell and has allowed them to remain close to the play-off pack with nine games remaining.
“It was a great performance in difficult conditions and after a long trip,” Kewell told Crawley's official website after the 1100km round trip.
“I thought the boys did excellent, and I feel it was no fault of their own that we went 2-0 down. “It was a blatant penalty in the first half, everyone thought it was but it's a matter of opinions and the only one that matters is the referee's.
“Coming out in the second half you could say we were a bit lazy with the cross, but if you're calling it on fairness and high feet, it's not a goal.
“I don't even think Carlisle realised he gave it. I don't know what they (the officials) are seeing.
“I'm not having a go because maybe someone was blocking their view but we find ourselves 2-0 down after two strange decisions.”
He added: “We were always confident we were going to get something out of the game. It shows the strength and character of my team to come to grips with that and deal with the challenge ahead.
“We still played football, we didn't panic or get scared. I'm actually disappointed we didn't win the game. I give credit to my team that they were strong enough to be able to be able to come back.”
The Morecambe and Carlisle draws actually allowed Kewell to achieve an important feat with Crawley – taking them above last season's point haul. In 2016-17, Crawley picked up 51 points and were involved in a League Two relegation scrap and now, with nine games still to play, they sit on 53 points.
“For me, it's all about concentrating on the job,” Kewell told talkSPORT.
“If you do become good enough to be talked about, that's good. We're travelling along nicely, we've improved from last year which is important and the fans and owners can see improvement.
LISTEN: Socceroos friendlies, the Special One, A-League - The Fox Football podcast
“It's going to take time – we've still got nine games to go and we're already two points better off than [the whole of] last year. Anything can happen and we're in a nice position – we're in touching distance of the play-offs and anything can happen in this league. We've got some big games coming up.”
Crawley next face Wycombe on Wednesday then Cheltenham on Saturday in two games that could propel them further up the ladder.
Camera Icon Harry Kewell, manager of Crawley Town talks to Dean Cox. Picture: Getty Images
Wycombe sits fourth in League two, which would give Kewell's men a chance to close the gap on those ahead of them, while Cheltenham are eight points below Crawley in 15th place.
Kewell also gave insight to talkSPORT about his style as a coach, which has helped reinvigorate the club that earlier had suffered a divide between owners and fans.
“For me, this is the thing I don't get, football isn't a difficult game. People make it difficult,” Kewell said.
“The biggest things I try to work on are the things I did as a player – being simple, basic. I knew what my strengths were and I worked on them at training and come the weekend I was prepared for the game.
“I try not to give too much information about the opposition because I believe football is your game. We're at a stage where we had to adapt to a lot of teams but we're starting to see that teams are adapting to us which is a huge compliment.
“I love coaching – whether that's at a football league team, coaching kids or coaching youngsters who can't even kick a ball. I enjoy getting the best out of someone – when you teach them, it's satisfactory for me.
“And it's not about me comparing myself to my players, it's about making my players better so they can go to the next level.”
The Zumwalt-class destroyers have faced numerous difficulties in their development and during trials. As costs of the program overran estimates, the Pentagon has reduced the intended number of ships.
Sea trials of the USS Michael Monsoor (DDG-1001), the second Zumwalt-class destroyer made for the US Navy, ended early due to technical problems in the ship's power system, according to USNI News.
The trials aimed at testing the hull, mechanical and engineering components of the ship kicked off on December 4. According to a statement from the Naval Sea Systems Command (NAVSEA), a harmonic filter failed a day after the ship left the yard and the breakdown forced the destroyer to return to the General Dynamics Bath Iron Works shipyard in Maine on December 5.
Harmonic filters are used in complex electrical systems to prevent unintended power fluctuations from damaging sensitive equipment. The failure of the filter prevented the ship's power system from running at full power as part of the testing program.
The delay in the trials will not affect USS Michael Monsoor's delivery, scheduled for March 2018, according to the NAVSEA statement.
A destroyer of the Zumwalt-class is powered by a complex electric system, including two Rolls-Royce MT-30 gas turbines and two Rolls-Royce MT-5 auxiliary gas turbines. Its Integrated Power System (IPS) can generate over 75 megawatts of power. According to USNI news, the amount of electricity produced on the Zumwalt-class is "unprecedented in any other non-nuclear surface ship."
The Zumwalt is a class of US Navy guided missile destroyers designed as multi-mission stealth ships. It has a pyramid shaped hull which allows it to dramatically decrease its visibility on radar.
READ MORE: Raytheon Wins $111M for Zumwalt-Class Destroyer Engineering, Testing Services
This is not the first time the cutting-edge Zumwalt-class has experienced technical difficulties. The first ship in the class, the namesake USS Zumwalt (DDG-1000), was floated out last autumn. In November 2016, the ship had to be towed out of the Panama Canal after suffering engine failure.
With a price tag of $4.4 billion per ship, the Zumwalt program has also turned out to be too costly for the US military, with total program costs estimated at nearly $23 billion. Earlier, Defense News reported that the Pentagon had reduced the intended number of Zumwalt destroyers from 32 ships to three.
The long overdue regeneration of the public gardens in the heart of Paphos old town is underway with an official Pafos2017 project titled Second Nature.
The town hall gardens in Paphos have been the subject of a drawn out wrangle involving the Church, which owns the land, and the municipality, which had leased it for decades.
A municipality spokesman confirmed that although an agreement has been reached to exchange the gardens for another plot, thus effectively handing it back to the municipality, nothing has yet been formalised.
“We're in contact with the minister of the interior and the Bishop of Paphos to swap this piece of land for another public plot but the procedure has not yet finished,” he said.
He added that the authorities are hoping that the matter will be concluded in the next few weeks.
“Of course we have permission to go ahead with this event though,” he added.
The concept and design of Second Nature is accredited to Paphos architect and Pafos2017 event organiser, Valentinos Stefanou.
He said that the project aims to renegotiate the relationship of the public garden with the urban landscape of Paphos, through the study and design of structures.
“The structures will combine the natural landscape with aesthetic standards and will be delivered as installations. We want to encourage people to once again visit the gardens which they have generally stopped doing,” he said.
The art works are currently being constructed on site and an official opening and presentation to the public will take place on Sunday from 3.30pm to 5.30pm.
“It was very important to renovate this space that was looking terrible. It's the heart of the town and very important. This project will help to change the image and we want to move forward with regenerating Paphos,” he said.
Stefanou said that the seven teams of artists and architects are creating installations which will remain in the garden for a year.
Participating teams of architects and artists come from Cyprus, Denmark and China.
In addition to these installations, benches created by artist Michalis Papamichael as part of the ReBench programme, will also be placed in the gardens.
“He upcycles and uses recycled materials in a very modern style to create these benches,” Stephanou said.
Have you ever wanted to see a dinosaur in real-life?
Well, thanks to Universal, in partnership with mobile game publisher Ludia, you can now simulate the experience with augmented reality. The two companies have announced the worldwide launch of Jurassic World Alive, a new app now available in the Apple App Store and Google Play Store. It's described as a follow-up to 2015's Jurassic World: The Game, but in reality, it's more like a Pokémon Go-style game.
For instance, players will be able to discover dinosaurs by locating them on a map and deploying an in-game drone to collect DNA samples. From there, they can level up and create hybrid dinosaurs in their labs. When announcing the game, the developer even said players are able to assemble the "perfect dinosaur strike team" and "take on dangerous threats in real-time PVP arena battles" with other players.
Players are able to encounter and collect dinosaurs while exploring their own neighborhoods and cities. These same creatures are featured in the Jurassic World film as well as the new Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom film. Pocket-lint downloaded the app and could immediately tell it's directly inspired by Pokémon Go, but we haven't had the chance to fully test it to see if there's any game to it or if it's a bland tie-in title.
1/6 Universal
But Ludia promises we will be "fully immersed in a world with living dinosaurs in a way that's never been possible," and that "players will have the opportunity to connect with fellow Jurassic World fans who can search for dinosaurs together, as well as challenge each other in a unique real-time PvP battle mode accessible anywhere, anytime.” We're excited to play with it some more and test these claims.
Jurassic World Alive is now available to download for free, with in-app purchases, for iOS and Android users. The game arrives just in time for the premiere of Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom, which is due to hit in theaters across the US and Canada on 22 June.
Photos posted by a Chinese People's Liberation Army Navy (PLAN) observer show what appears to be an electromagnetic railgun being affixed to a PLAN tank landing ship, the Haiyang Shan. The LST is being used to test the weapon because its tank deck can accommodate the containers for the gun's control system and power supply, according to comments from a former PLAN officer translated by "Dafeng Cao," the Twitter handle of the anonymous analyst.
For nearly a decade, the US Navy's Office of Naval Research (ONR) and various contractors worked to develop a railgun system for US ships. A prototype weapon was built by BAE Systems. Testing at the US Navy's Naval Surface Warfare Center in Dahlgren, Virginia was deemed so successful that the Navy was planning to conduct more testing of the gun at sea aboard a Spearhead-class Joint High Speed Vessel (JHSV). The program promised to deliver a gun that could fire projectiles at speeds over Mach 7 with a range exceeding 100 miles. The 23-pound hypervelocity projectile designed for the railgun flying at Mach 7 has 32 megajoules of energy—roughly equivalent to the energy required to accelerate an object weighing 1,000 kilograms (1.1 US tons) to 252 meters per second (566 miles an hour).
But the program has been largely shelved because of the Department of Defense's ongoing budget problems and the loss of interest at DOD's Strategic Capabilities Office in funding further development. The continued "sequestration" of the DOD's budget has forced the Navy and ONR to shift development focus away from the long-term goal of the railgun toward the more short-term goal of using the hypervelocity projectile (HPV) the railgun fires within more conventional US Navy gun systems.
China has clearly been watching the US program with interest, and the PLAN reportedly began working on its own electromagnetic gun system about five years ago, according to Dafeng Cao's ex-PLAN officer source. Now the PLAN is preparing to take its tests to sea, making the 20-year old Haiyang Shan the first ship to ever be armed with a railgun.
The Haiyang Shan is part of China's East Sea Fleet (and over the past two years a frequent visitor to the artificial islands being constructed by China in disputed waters of the South China Sea). It is not a terribly modern warship—but it does have the advantage of a large dry deck to accommodate the hardware needed to generate the high voltages required by a railgun. That dedicated power system is essential, because even more modern Chinese warships lack the electrical generation capacity to power a railgun. In fact, only the US Navy's Zumwalt class destroyers have enough generation capacity to power one, as they were designed with future directed energy weapons in mind. While nuclear aircraft carriers certainly have reactor power, they don't have the electrical distribution system needed.
Listing image by dafeng cao
WEST MEMPHIS, Ark. (AP) — An Arkansas day care center has fired four employees over the death of a 5-year-old developmentally disabled boy who was left in a sweltering van all day.
Ascent Children's Health Services CEO Dan Sullivan said Wednesday that “staff did not follow company policies and procedures, and if they had, this tragedy would not have occurred.”
Christopher Gardner was picked up by Ascent on Monday morning but he wasn't taken inside the West Memphis day care center, which serves children with developmental disabilities and has centers throughout the state.
Previous story: Arkansas 5-year-old found dead in hot day care van
Sullivan, who is also a state representative, says the company has been in contact with Christopher's family and that it will continue to work with the authorities investigating the death.
West Memphis is across the Mississippi River from Memphis, Tennessee.
Speech to Text for Plea agreement for Amy Kinnett
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video. Since this uses automated speech to text spelling and grammar may not be accurate.
accused of stealing money. you may recall.. "amy kinnett" was the former treasurer with the "southwest sullivan school corporation". indiana state police arrested her in november. police believe kennett used a school corporation credit card to make nearly "6"-thousand dollars worth of purchases. authorities also say she stole "1"-thousand dollars cash and wrote checks from the corporation's checking account. "kinnett" returns to court on friday, july 20th. in other crime
Planned Parenthood. Photo credit: American Life League Flickr CC BY NC 20 CNA 2
Washington D.C., Dec 8, 2017 CNA/EWTN News.- The U.S. Department of Justice has launched a formal investigation of Planned Parenthood, the nation's largest provider of abortions, for their role in the alleged sale of baby body parts.
“The Justice Department's investigation of Planned Parenthood is a major turning point in the battle to hold the nation's largest abortion business accountable,” Marjorie Dannenfelser, president of the Susan B. Anthony List, said Dec. 8.
“Evidence shoes Planned Parenthood sought to squeeze every last opportunity for cash from the sale of hearts, brains, lungs, and livers of aborted children… that ends now,” Dannenfelser continued.
The Justice Department confirmed Dec. 7 they were formally looking into allegations against Planned Parenthood for the illegal sale of aborted baby body parts.
The investigation comes two years after undercover journalist David Daleiden released footage of Planned Parenthood employees negotiating the price and monetary compensation of fetal tissue from aborted babies. The footage also includes conversations from representatives of StemExpress, a company that provides biological material for medical research company.
“Over two years ago, citizen journalists at the Center for Medical Progress first caught Planned Parenthood's top abortion doctors in a series of undercover videos callously and flippantly negotiating the sale of tiny baby hearts, lungs, livers and brains,” said Daleiden Dec. 8, according to Fox News.
“It is time for public officials to finally hold Planned Parenthood and their criminal abortion enterprise accountable under the law,” he continued.
While federal law allows compensation for fetal tissue to be used for research purposes, the amount of money received from clinics is not allowed to be of “valuable consideration,” and should only cover the costs of transportation and preservation.
Planned Parenthood and other clinics were recommended to the Justice Department for investigation by Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Chuck Grassley (R-Iowa) in December 2016, after publishing the “Human Fetal Tissue Research: Context and Controversy” report.
Grassley reported that the committee found “substantial evidence” suggesting that Planned Parenthood and other parties “may have violated” the law by charging more money for fetal tissue and baby body parts than was actually recommended.
Stephen Boyd, the Justice Department assistant attorney general for legislative affairs, originally requested the unredacted documents from the Senate Judiciary Committee from the 2016 report. Last month, the FBI additionally requested these documents for investigative purposes.
“The Department of Justice appreciates the offer of assistance in obtaining these materials, and would like to request the Committee provide unredacted copies of records contained in the report, in order to further the Department's ability to conduct a thorough and comprehensive assessment of that report based on the full range of information available,” stated Boyd, according to Fox News.
Planned Parenthood has denied accusations of breaking the law.
A spokesperson for Evergreen State College falsely told a reporter that Bret Weinstein, who was forced off campus due to concerns for his safety, has returned to campus to teach in his regular classroom.
College Spokesperson Zach Powers told the Olympian on Tuesday that Bret Weinstein returned to his campus classroom “just over a week ago,” despite Weinstein's Monday appearance on Tucker Carlson's Fox News program, during which he claimed that he was forced to relocate his family and class sessions away from campus due to safety concerns.
“The college has never acknowledged the danger that they put us in, and therefore I have no way of knowing whether it's safe for me to return,” Weinstein said on Carlson's program. “Their assurances that it is safe don't mean anything, not that they've offered them.”
“I understand faculty member Bret Weinstein returned to campus just over a week ago to teach in his normally assigned classroom,” Evergreen Spokesperson Zach Powers claimed. “He has been notified by Evergreen Police Services of additional law enforcement present on campus.
Weinstein quickly swatted down the Powers' claim that he had returned to campus.
“If college administrators say I was on campus last week, they are lying,” Weinstein told the Olympian. “I left campus when it was evacuated on the morning of June 1. I held my afternoon class in a downtown park that day, and left the state with my family that evening. We have not been in Washington since, and some administrators know that.”
Weinstein's brother, Eric, who is the Managing Director at Thiel Capital, claimed that Evergreen State is “nakedly lying to the press about” Bret Weinstein. He called Evergreen the “1st failed US College,” before claiming that its president, George Bridges is “nuts.”
The @EvergreenStCol now openly & nakedly lying to the press about @BretWeinstein. This is the 1st failed US college & its President is nuts. https://t.co/imW3plBDZm — Eric Weinstein (@EricRWeinstein) June 14, 2017
Tom Ciccotta is a libertarian who writes about economics and higher education for Breitbart News. You can follow him on Twitter @tciccotta or email him at tciccotta@breitbart.com
Harvey Weinstein will likely soon be suspended from his work at powerhouse film studio Weinstein Company after being accused of decades of sexual misconduct in a New York Times report.
A source close to the situation tells PEOPLE that the company's board met yesterday after the news broke. The company is expected to announce soon that Weinstein is being suspended from his position as co-chairman while the company conducts an internal investigation. The 65-year-old mogul started the company in 2005 with his younger brother Bob, 62.
At the company, “nobody wants him there,” says the source.
The source also says that because of his contract, Weinstein cannot simply be fired. The investigation is one of the legal steps in the process of removing him. Weinstein won't be able to work while the investigation is ongoing, the source says.
Since the meeting, board member Dirk Ziff has resigned in wake of the allegations, according to TheWrap. The outlet reports that Ziff did not take part in the discussion Thursday.
The company is now in deep talks about its slate of upcoming projects.
In a report by The New York Times Thursday, eight women, including actress Ashley Judd, came forward to accuse Weinstein of sexual misconduct. Following the allegations, the movie mogul announced plans to take a “leave of absence” in a statement to the NYT.
“I appreciate the way I've behaved with colleagues in the past has caused a lot of pain, and I sincerely apologize for it. Though I'm trying to do better, I know I have a long way to go,” he said, adding that he was working with therapists and planned to take time off to “deal with this issue head-on.”
Weinstein's attorney, Lisa Bloom, said in a statement that “he denies many of the accusations as patently false.” Another attorney for Weinstein, Charles Harder, said the mogul is preparing a lawsuit against the NYT for “false and defamatory” statements.
Arsenal's record signing Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang scored on his debut and Aaron Ramsey hit a hat-trick in a swaggering 5-1 rout of woeful Everton on Saturday.
Arsene Wenger made a big call in replacing misfiring France striker Alexandre Lacazette, who has only one goal in his last 12 appearances,.with Aubameyang,
Aubameyang vowed to emulate Arsenal legend Thierry Henry after arriving from Borussia Dortmund for £56 million this week.
While it is too soon for such lofty comparisons, the Gabon striker certainly made the perfect first impression at the Emirates Stadium.
Aubameyang, recovered from an illness that had placed his debut in doubt, capped an exhilarating first half from Arsenal with a composed finish to put his side four goals ahead.
Ramsey had opened the scoring and Laurent Koscielny increased Arsenal's lead before Ramsey struck again to make it three goals in the first 19 minutes.
Aubameyang's lively debut was aided by three assists from Henrikh Mkhitaryan in his first Arsenal start.
Wales midfielder Ramsey completed his treble in the second half and the only angst for Gunners boss Arsene Wenger was the sight of goalkeeper Petr Cech limping off injured.
Sixth placed Arsenal are now five points behind fourth placed Chelsea, who face Watford on Monday, in the race to qualify for next season's Champions League via a top four finish.
Wenger had bemoaned Arsenal's defending in their wretched 3-1 loss at Swansea on Tuesday, but the two changes he made were both attack minded as Aubameyang and Mkhitaryan came in.
Camera Icon Arsenal's Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang Picture: AP
Lacazette had been Arsenal's record signing until the Aubameyang swoop, but while he has struggled to live up to expectations, Aubameyang quickly set about repaying his hefty transfer fee -- with help from an old friend.
Mkhitaryan was making his home debut after arriving from Manchester United as part of the deal that sent Alexis Sanchez to Old Trafford.
Mkhitaryan rarely showed his best form with United, but he and Aubameyang had formed a deadly double act during their time at Dortmund and they were back in the groove as Arsenal took a sixth minute lead.
When Aubameyang slipped a pass into Mkhitaryan, the midfielder whipped over a superb cross that invited Ramsey, timing his run perfectly, to slot past Jordan Pickford from close-range for his first goal since October.
Mkhitaryan went close to doubling Arsenal's lead moments later with a fierce strike that whistled wide from the edge of the area.
Lethargic Everton were unable to stem the tide and Wenger's men didn't have to wait long to claim their second goal in the 14th minute.
Shkodran Mustafi met Mesut Ozil's corner with a header towards the far post, where Koscielny stooped to head home from close-range.
Everton's dismal display was ruining Sam Allardyce's 500th match as a Premier League manager and there was worse to come in the 19th minute.
Camera Icon Arsenal's Armenian midfielder Henrikh Mkhitaryan (R) Picture: AFP
Afforded time and space by Everton's statuesque rearguard, Ramsey unloaded a 25-yard strike that took a deflection off Toffees debutant Eliaquim Mangala on its way past the wrong-footed Pickford.
With Arsenal threatening every time they went forward, Aubameyang, who also scored on his Bundesliga debut, was able to join the party in the 37th minute.
Mkhitaryan's pass split the Everton defence and, although Aubameyang looked offside, the linesman's flag stayed down as the debutant clipped a deft finish over Pickford.
It was another remarkable goal blitz from Arsenal, who scored four times in the first 22 minutes of their previous home league game against Crystal Palace.
Everton's capitulation made it a depressing return for Theo Walcott, who was subbed midway through the second half of his first return to Arsenal since his January transfer.
Dominic Calvert-Lewin got one back for Everton with a 64th header, but there was still time for Ramsey to strike again with a low finish from Mkhitaryan's pass in the 74th minute.
10. Colorado School Of Mines
9. Cooper Union for the Advancement of Science and Art
8. Princeton University
7. Rose-Hulman Institute of Technology
6. SUNY Maritime College
5. Carnegie Mellon University
4. Stanford University
3. Massachusetts Institute Of Technology
2. Harvey Mudd College
1. California Institute Of Technology
There are many factors to consider when choosing a college, but when you're spending a good sum of money on tuition, you want to make sure you're getting your money's worth as far as returns. No one wants to end up graduated, buried in student loans and struggling to find even a low-paying job. For this reason, it's important to look for a college that's not only going to expand your mind, but that is going to increase your likelihood of making some good money later on. It can be hard to figure out how each school ranks on its own but, luckily, you don't have to. MONEY created their own list of the best colleges for your money, and one category they looked at was early career earnings. We list this information below, alongside information on tuition costs, both without aid and with the average grant. While earnings potential may not be the only factor you consider when choosing a school, it sure can help guide your decision.Early Career Earnings: $65,700 Estimated Price 2017-18 Without Aid: $33,600 Estimated Price for 2017-18 with Average Grant: $26,200Early Career Earnings: $66,600 Estimated Price 2017-18 Without Aid: $66,200 Estimated Price for 2017-18 with Average Grant: $29,000Early Career Earnings: $67,600 Estimated Price 2017-18 Without Aid: $65,300 Estimated Price for 2017-18 with Average Grant: $43,400Early Career Earnings: $68,000 Estimated Price 2017-18 Without Aid: $64,200 Estimated Price for 2017-18 with Average Grant: $43,400Early Career Earnings: $68,200 Estimated Price 2017-18 Without Aid: $25,700 Estimated Price for 2017-18 with Average Grant: $18,200Early Career Earnings: $70,000 Estimated Price 2017-18 Without Aid: $70,800 Estimated Price for 2017-18 with Average Grant: $36,300Early Career Earnings: $70,300 Estimated Price 2017-18 Without Aid: $68,100 Estimated Price for 2017-18 with Average Grant: $20,800Early Career Earnings: $77,000 Estimated Price 2017-18 Without Aid: $67,800 Estimated Price for 2017-18 with Average Grant: $23,400Early Career Earnings: $78,300 Estimated Price 2017-18 Without Aid: $75,000 Estimated Price for 2017-18 with Average Grant: $37,300Early Career Earnings: $79,800 Estimated Price 2017-18 Without Aid: $67,000 Estimated Price for 2017-18 with Average Grant: $25,100 To calculate these results, MONEY used information from the U.S. Department of Education, Peterson's, PayScale.com and MONEY/College Measures calculations. You can read more about the methodology used by Money here
This story originally appeared on Don't Waste Your Money. Checkout Don't Waste Your Money for other great tips and ideas to make the most out of life.
Back in the 1890s, a pair of Sunday School teachers – D.T. Miles of Hopedale, Ill., and Virginia Hawes of New York City – both had the same idea.
School kids were off for the summer.
Why not invite them to church to study the Bible? And maybe sing a few songs and have some fun along the way?
The idea was a hit.
Today, Vacation Bible School – better known as VBS – remains one of the most popular church programs in America.
Six in 10 Americans say they went to VBS growing up. Two-thirds of American parents say they plan to send kids to VBS this summer – even if they skip church themselves.
And almost everyone involved had a positive experience, according to a new survey from Nashville-based LifeWay Research, which surveyed 1,200 American adults about VBS.
“Each week of the summer there are thousands of VBS programs going on around America,” said Scott McConnell, executive director of LifeWay Research. “It's one of the things that people love about church.”
VBS attendance & memories
Twenty-two percent say they went every summer growing up, while 14 percent said they went most summers. Another 13 percent went occasionally. Five percent went more than once. But 40 percent never went.
Many went because of a family tie. Forty-two percent say they went because their family attended that church. Twenty-five percent went because their parent or another family member was one of the leaders. Twenty-six percent went because the church was near their home. Twenty-five percent went because a friend invited them.
Among their memories: spending time with kids their own age (46 percent), learning Bible stories (45 percent), singing songs (40 percent), creating crafts (37 percent) and playing games (34 percent).
One in 6 (17 percent) remember making a spiritual commitment at VBS.
Most (88 percent) say VBS helped them better understand the Bible. That includes two-thirds who either completely agree (37 percent) or mostly agree (26 percent). Twelve percent disagree.
Americans who didn't go to VBS as a child also didn't go to church at all (31 percent) or went to a church that did not offer VBS (31 percent), were too busy (10 percent), weren't invited (7 percent) or didn't go for some other reason (15 percent). Five percent say their family went to a church that offered VBS – but they weren't interested in going.
More than half (61 percent) of American adults who did not go to VBS agree they have some positive thoughts about the program. That includes 28 percent who completely agree (14 percent) or mostly agree (14 percent). Thirty-three percent slightly agree. Thirty-nine percent disagree.
A majority of Americans (57 percent) who did not go to VBS also believe the program could have helped them better understand the Bible – at least a little. Forty-three percent disagree.
About half (52 percent) agree the program could have impacted their spiritual growth. Forty-eight percent disagree.
The survey's results are a great reminder why VBS matters, said Jana Magruder, director of LifeWay Kids.
“It's a strong affirmation of the work that churches put into VBS programs,” Magruder said. “I hope churches are encouraged by this research to continue to host VBS for their communities.”
Popular with parents
About half (47 percent) of parents with kids under 19 say their child has been to VBS.
The most common reasons: The family attended the church where the program was held (38 percent) or the parents were also taking part in VBS (33 percent). Twenty-nine percent say they valued their child's spiritual growth; 27 percent valued studying the Bible.
A fourth (26 percent) say their child went to VBS because someone – other than family – invited them.
Most parents (95 percent) say VBS was a positive experience for their child. A similar number say VBS helped their child better understand the Bible (94 percent) and influenced their child's spiritual growth (95 percent). Most (95 percent) also say that VBS is one of their child's most meaningful church experiences.
Among the reasons parents didn't send kids to VBS: The family didn't go to church (29 percent), the family was too busy (14 percent) or the child was too busy (13 percent).
Still, parents who didn't send their kids to VBS have a positive view of the program (83 percent) and say it would have helped their child better understand the Bible (69 percent) or grow spiritually (71 percent).
And this summer, Vacation Bible Schools may be packed again, according to LifeWay Research.
Two-thirds of parents (64 percent) say their child is likely to go to VBS this year – including about half who completely agree (29 percent) or mostly agree (18 percent). A third (36 percent) disagree.
More than half (58 percent) say their child may go to more than one VBS. Forty-two percent disagree. Most parents (60 percent) say they'll encourage their kids to attend VBS even if it's held at someone else's church. More parents will encourage their child to attend VBS at another church if they get invited by a friend (69 percent).
“Two-thirds of American parents,” Magruder noted, “are eager to send their children to a church activity where they will have fun experiences centered on what churches care about most: Bible stories, the gospel and worship.”
“People still believe Vacation Bible School is good for kids,” McConnell said “Even parents who don't go to church want their kids to go to VBS.”
Methodology
A demographically balanced online panel was used for interviewing American adults. LifeWay Kids sponsored the study. The survey was conducted March 7-10, 2018. Quotas and slight weights were used to balance gender, age, ethnicity, education and region. The completed sample is 1,200 surveys. The sample provides 95 percent confidence that the sampling error from the online panel does not exceed plus or minus 3 percentage points. (This margin of error accounts for the effect of weighting.) Margins of error are higher in sub-groups.
LifeWay Research is a Nashville-based, evangelical research firm that specializes in surveys about faith in culture and matters that affect churches.
(EDITOR'S NOTE – Bob Smietana is senior writer for Facts & Trends, a magazine and website of LifeWay Christian Resources of the Southern Baptist Convention.)
April 20 Canadian engineering and construction company SNC-Lavalin Group Inc said on Thursday it would acquire British engineering consultant WS Atkins Plc in a deal valued at about $3.6 billion.
SNC offered 2080 pence ($26.66) per Atkins share in cash, representing a 35.1 percent premium to the stock's closing price on March 31, before Atkins first disclosed the buyout offer.
($1 = 0.7802 pounds) (Reporting by John Benny in Bengaluru; Editing by Sai Sachin Ravikumar)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DAVIE COUNTY, N.C. -- A dog picked up and thrown across the road in a tornado is now spending his first week at home.
Lewis Vannoy says his dog, Duke, was thrown about 1,000 feet when a tornado came through Davie County in North Carolina almost three weeks ago.
“Picked up in the mass of the swirling wind, picked up and tossed just like a ragdoll,” Vannoy said.
The 12-year-old Australian Shepard survived.
“When I got to him, he was across the road in the pasture,” Vannoy said. “He could hardly walk. He was in severe pain. He was lethargic and crying.”
Vannoy said Duke's right leg was broken in multiple places and his retina was damaged. The dog had multiple surgeries and spent some time at the vet.
“He's going to have a full recovery,” said Vannoy.
As Duke makes himself comfortable at home, Vannoy is still processing his loss.
“Thirty-five years to build it, 35 seconds to destroy it,” Vannoy said. “Home, barns, garage, tractors, lawn mowers, there's nothing here that doesn't have damage on it.”
Vannoy says his home is too damaged to fix.
“I'll build another house and we will make more memories,” Vannoy said.
He says cleaning his property will likely take between a year and a half to two years.
“I ain't giving up,” Vannoy said.
He is happy to be alive.
“It makes you hold on to your children and your grandchildren a little longer,” Vannoy said.
He's also happy to have Duke with him.
“You really become attached,” Vannoy said.
Vannoy said he also had a horse that was thrown by the tornado and survived.
What he wants people to know to now is that if you get a tornado warning, take cover. He says his situation could have been much worse.
She is one of the three KZN contestants and in the top 100 who have made it to the semi final rounds of the Tammy Taylor Mrs South Africa.
The 40-year old Greenwood Park mother-of-four Natisha Makka is a business owner and image consultant who is passionate about building young girls' – self esteem. The local beauty aims to uplift community through the pageant.
Durban North News caught up with the beautiful, bubbly “Makka” as she is affectionately known to chat about her Tammy Taylor Mrs South Africa journey.
Durban North News (DNN): You are one of the 100 semi-finalists in the Tammy Taylor Mrs South Africa contest, what does it mean to you?
Natisha Makka (NM): I am just so eternally grateful to be part of this phenomenal movement ,the Tammy Taylor Mrs South Africa -one that encompasses all that I believe in and hold very dear to my heart. What a platform for us real relatable women of this land
DNN: What have you learnt from the competition?
NM: I have had so many confirmations throughout this season – one that particularly stands out for me is that it is more than ok for me to be different and be unapologetic about it.
DNN: Tell us about what you are most passionate about other than building young girls' self-esteem?
NM: There are a few things that touch my core. Giving is one of them, I am a bonafide sower. I just love giving to people. Giving of myself, my time, my resources, there is just something so beautiful when you come to realisation that whatever leaves your hand will never leave your life.
I can only wish I had these opportunities growing up and that is why I will continue to stand with young girls and watch them fulfil their destinies.
DNN: Some might say a beauty pageant is only about looks, do you agree and why?
NM: No I don't agree. It has never been about being the prettiest face or having the perfect body for me – because I never stood out for those reasons. And also because beauty pageants have never been thought of as particularly real or relatable. When I came to know the values and belief system of the newly rebranded Tammy Taylor Mrs South Africa I was astounded because it was like deep calling unto deep. The Tammy Taylor Mrs South Africa is not just an ordinary pageant it is a female empowerment movement which is all about giving South Africa's unsung superwomen a chance to get support and give input. It is a platform to reach a new level of success and visibility on a global stage.What touches my heart so deeply is that it showcases the virtues of South Africa,the spirit of Ubuntu and the real relatable women of our land. It is not about stereotypes that do not match real women out there. This is who I am and I am so blessed to be part of a movement that celebrates all my fellow sisters for our unique femininity.
DNN: How has being a mother played a role in your journey as a contestant?
NM: My children have helped shape the person and formidable woman I have become.They unknowingly challenge me to always be my best, to always give my best, to always see the best in others. It has had a ripple effect concerning the fruit of patience in my life – having four children will teach you a few things and patience is one of them. I see beauty in everything around me, my heart beats compassion and kindness.
DNN: If you win the coveted title, how do you plan on using this platform to make a difference in your community?
NM: I will be able to do so much more for the at risk youth within my community with the Tammy Taylor Mrs South Africa empowerment movement. Young girls need to know that they are beautiful and that they can achieve great things regardless of their current circumstances. I want my community to remember my name years after I have moved on from the scene of time. I want young girls to know how much I loved them and cared.
DNN: With women and child abuse being so prevalent in society, what advice would you give to victims of abuse?
NM: This is something that hits very close to home. My answer remains the same as it has always been- women need to know more and more that they have a voice and that they have a choice. They do not have to stay in that abusive relationship. As hard as it is they have to rise up within and take that step to make a change in their lives. I have walked this journey with many women and it is always been such a painful process but when I look at them today I stand amazed at the power of a irrevocable decision. I believe that as women arise women are in a better position to protect our children as prevention is better than cure. Even though children are by far the most resilient I am passionate about education regarding this matter because I would rather this be prevented at all costs.
DNN: There are only three contestants in KZN that made it into the top 100, what does that mean for you to be part of something this big?
NM: I count it an honour and privilege to be one of the three in KZN.I am overwhelmed with a deep sense of gratitude to be given the opportunity to let my light shine even brighter than it already is throughout my community. I guess what I am saying is that it has been truly indescribable. What good can come out of Greenwood Park they asked? Natisha Makka – times are changing indeed.
DNN: Are you involved in any charity work and for which organisation?
NM: I have always been involved with charity work and I do see myself as a philanthropist on my own level. I work with Covenant Crisis Care Centre in Redhill Durban and the Charity Hop Shop in Glenwood Durban.
DNN: As a motivational speaker and businesswoman, what is that one thing that women should know?
NM: Women need to know that they are fearfully and wonderfully made – and in knowing this every woman will understand that she too can use her lips for truth ,her voice for kindness, her ears for compassion, her hands for charity and her heart for love. For those who do not like her she uses prayer. A woman who understands her worth knows these truths and is a force to be reckoned with.
DNN: What rule do you live by?
NM: Be the change you want to see and always be kind and loving to others, treat every single person you meet as the most important person.
Investigators confirmed one woman was killed, and a man is in the hospital following an explosion in Cherokee County.
The State Fire Marshall's Office is investigating to determine what caused the fatal explosion.
The moment the home exploded, Charles Taylor was at his garage sale across the street.
"It just blew up like dynamite," he said. "Pieces just flying everywhere - I said, 'Lord, help. What's going on?'"
As one man was flown to a Tulsa hospital, Taylor had heard someone else might still be inside.
"I started praying for whoever might be in there," he said.
Keys, Cookson and Chicken Creek firefighters had to fight the flames before searching for the woman, who was later found under rubble, unrecognizable.
The blast was felt beyond the scene.
"It shook my trailer," said David Ross, who lives two miles away. "I thought it was an earthquake"
Taylor said another man came down Highway 82 to find out what happened.
"He come down here and said he'd been in Vietnam. He said he fell to the ground when it happened," Taylor said.
While investigators work to figure out how the home exploded, Cherokee County Undersheriff Jason Chennault said, right now, it doesn't appear anything criminal happened.
"We've had three or four house explosions in the last couple of years. Every one of them seems to have been different, but this was, it looks pretty bad," Chennault said.
The man sent to the hospital is 27 years old but we don't know his condition. The woman's name and age have not been released.
One woman said she just moved into the house recently and her grandson is the man that was flown to the hospital. The woman said a furnace repairman was at the home and the explosion happened when he left. It's not known if the explosion is connected.
Share. The Marvel U. needs Defenders, not Avengers. The Marvel U. needs Defenders, not Avengers.
It's easy to dismiss The Defenders as a shameless cash-in on the upcoming Netflix series. And there's no denying that Marvel is trying to bank on the hype for that show by suddenly introducing a Defenders roster that includes Daredevil, Luke Cage, Jessica Jones and Iron Fist. But for anyone who's been following Brian Bendis' Marvel career, the appeal with this series is less its MCU-friendly trappings and more the opportunity to see him reconnect with characters he helped shape over the past 15 years. The fact that artist David Marquez is along for the ride is just one more selling point.
The new series opens in the immediate aftermath of the FCBD story (meaning readers should absolutely start there). Having established that Willis Stryker is back in the Marvel Universe and bent on taking revenge on our four heroes, Bendis and Marquez immediately dive into the fledgling team's response. It's a welcome change to see Bendis kick off a new series on such a relatively fast-paced note, especially given the pacing problems that have been plaguing his Iron Man comics of late. There's a clear urgency to the conflict as Luke and his friends find themselves on the defensive. Much like the early issues of New Avengers, the book wastes little time establishing why these four are coming together and focuses more on the need for this team to exist in the first place.
And again, half the fun here is seeing Bendis write these characters that were so crucial in defining his voice at Marvel. There's a comfortable familiarity to the book, like settling in with old friends, even as Bendis tackles the often significant changes that have unfolded since he last handled these heroes - Daredevil's restored secret identity, the marital tension between Luke and Jessica, etc. Daredevil is a bit of a sore spot in this issue for the exact same reason it was so hard reading Spider-Man's post-One More Day interactions with the Avengers for several years. There's a newfound distance between Matt and his friends that needs to be bridged. But regardless, the characterization in this issue is rock solid, both for the Defenders themselves and for Diamondback. Stryker is a compelling villain, one whose calm yet intense personality makes him a natural fit for Bendis' distinctive style of dialogue.
Marquez is easily one of the brightest stars at Marvel these days, with a style that's extremely clean and detailed while also allowing for a great deal of emotional expression. He's more than capable of capturing the drama and tension in Bendis' script while giving each Defender a unique fighting style and general way of moving about the page. Marquez is also a highly versatile artist, a skill which comes in especially handy in a series where the colorful superhero trappings of the Marvel U. collide headlong with the real world. As clean and refined as the art is, there's also a real sense of grit and texture. And colorist Justin Ponsor helps further distinguish the series from Marquez's other recent Marvel projects. Ponsor gives this issue a neo-noir feel thanks to his emphasis on moody lighting and stark purple and yellow hues.
© REUTERS/ Alkis Konstantinidis Why Campaign to Liberate Mosul in Not Over Yet
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — The Islamic State [Daesh] terror group (banned in Russia) has used tactics never seen before against civilians trapped in the western part of Mosul, Operation Inherent Resolve Ground Forces Commander Maj. Gen. Joseph Martin said in a briefing on Wednesday.
"They resulted to tactics that we've never seen before. I've been in the military for 31 years and I've never seen an adversary like this — I've never read about an adversary like this that exploits the population the way that they have," Martin told reporters.
Martin explained that Daesh fighters used Iraqi civilians as sex slaves, slave labor and in other ways.
"They've used them just about any way they could," he added.
© Sputnik/ Rafael Daminov Daesh Kills Over 160 Civilians Attempting to Flee Mosul on June 1
Since the operation to retake Mosul began last year, media reports and witnesses have said the Daesh booby-trapped the city with bombs, forced civilians to be suicide bombers, and used them as human shields to escape the city.
US-led coalition airstrikes have also been blamed for civilian deaths. Last week, the UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs said a US strike on May 31 killed between 50 and 80 civilians. The same UN report found that Daesh militants killed many more, with the terror group's snipers, bombs and shelling killing around 230 people in the same period.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DEL MAR, Calif. – Activists hoping to curb gun violence plan to ask the Del Mar Fairgrounds to stop hosting gun shows on the site Tuesday afternoon at a meeting of the state-appointed fair board.
Organizers with NeverAgainCA.org say that a group of students representing schools across the county will be at the meeting of the Board of Directors of the 22nd District Agricultural Association, which begins at 2 p.m. They and other speakers will ask the board not to renew a contract with Crossroads of the West that lets the group hold two-day gun shows at the fairgrounds four times a year. The current contract ends in December 2018. The next gun show is scheduled for May 19 and 20.
The fair board has been asked to stop hosting guns shows many times before, usually after mass shootings, but the gun shows draw thousands of people and are an important income generator for the fairgrounds.
The city councils of Del Mar, Solana Beach and Encinitas all passed resolutions earlier this year calling for an end to gun shows at the fairgrounds. And Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsome sent the board a letter on Monday asking it to end the gun shows.
“In the wake of recent mass shootings, the public has demonstrated outpouring support for gun reform,” Newsome wrote. “Permitting the sale of firearms and ammunition on state-owned property only perpetuates America's gun culture at a time when 73% of Californians support gun reform measures and 73% of California cite concern about the threat of mass shootings in our schools, according to a recent poll conducted by the Public Policy Institute of California.”
Gun shows are not on the agenda at the fair board meeting, so the activists and gun show supporters plan to bring up the issue during the public comment period in the meeting.
The fair board meeting beings at 2 p.m. at Surfside Race Place at the Sports Club on Jimmy Durante Boulevard in Del Mar.
Saudi Arabian Aramco plans to reduce its January crude oil shipments to Asia in an effort to rebalance the international oil market.
The supply of oil to the United States and Europe will remain steady while exports to Asia will be cut by more than 100,000 barrels per day.
"This is in line with our continued demonstration of keeping to, and in fact, exceeding, our commitments under the declaration of cooperation," a Saudi energy ministry spokesman said, as quoted by AFP in reference to a deal made by producers to cut production by 1.8 million bpd.
The ministry further said that for January 2018, Saudi Aramco would keep supplies steady to all regions at 2017 lows.
“Aramco will maintain It's overall supply levels next month at their recent low levels,” the ministry added.
The agreement was extended until the end of 2018 in an effort to curb the excess of supply (glut) from the market, which resulted in oil prices crashing.
About 24 producing countries, including all 14 members of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries and non-OPEC Russia, are signatories to the deal.
In 2016, the OPEC countries reached an accord to decrease daily oil production during the first half of 2017 to improve global oil prices.
The agreement was also agreed upon by 11 non-OPEC states. In late May, the parties to the agreement decided to extend the deal until the end of March 2018.
According to reports, Saudi Arabia plans to maintain its crude oil shipments in January at 6.9 million barrels per day.
Taiwan's yearly live-fire drills in June will focus on repelling a simulated invasion from the China, officials said Tuesday after China began its own live fire exercises off the mainland last week.
China says their drills, which started on April 18, were to protect Beijing's territorial sovereignty. China's People's Liberation Army regularly holds naval drills as much of the land it claims in the South China Sea remains disputed. This exercise was conducted in their territorial waters, within a 5-by-10 mile zone just a few nautical miles off the coast of Quanzhou Bay, Taiwan News uncovered.
"Taiwan's people are very clear about this and will not accept it," said Taipei's Mainland Affairs Council on their website the day following China's drill. "We are determined in our defense of our nation's sovereignty and dignity and will absolutely not yield to military threats or inducements."
Taiwan's live fire drills, codenamed "Han Kuang," or "Han Glory," are an annual event and start on June 4. The island nation seems to be ramping things up this year, with the first-ever inclusion of Taiwan's coast guard and National Airborne Service Corps, which does rescue work.
The Taiwanese government is even enlisting its citizens to participate in the military exercise, asking them to fly drones to conduct surveillance and mark targets. "It's not just soldiers' duties to protect the country. Everyone has the responsibility since our defence budget is limited," Defense Ministry spokesman Chen Chung-chi told reporters.
"It simulates this year's situation and we are taking into consideration China's air and naval movements in the region," Chen said. "Simply put, the main goal of the drill is to make any Chinese communist military mission to invade Taiwan fail."
The Taiwan Strait is nearly a hundred nautical miles wide. It separates the Chinese mainland from self-ruling Taiwan, which the island's government has claimed as its own since the Chinese Civil War ended in 1949. Tensions have only worsened since the new administration in 2016 failed to affirm the 1992 consensus that notes that technically, the Taiwanese government agrees to the People's Republic of China's (PRC) One China policy.
© AP Photo / Li Gang/Xinhua A Pawn in Their Game? US Cozies Up to Taiwan, Angering China
Tsai Ing-wen, who assumed the office of the Taiwanese presidency in 2016, has been a longtime critic of the 1992 Consensus. Her election victory unseated Ma Ying-jeou, who had labelled her a "Taiwan independence extremist" when she was the chairperson for the Democratic Progressive Party.
Now, China is alarmed by the rhetoric coming from the island's government, whose ruling Democratic Progressive Party has historically been pro-independence.
"Any plots seeking to separate Taiwan from China are doomed to failure," China's Taiwan Affairs Office cautioned. "Taiwan independence separatist activities pose the biggest actual threat to peace and stability in the Taiwan Strait," spokesman Ma Xiaoguang was quoted as saying on the office's website.
AMERICAN DREAM
Reid, who first began acting at 6 years old, became a household name in Hollywood following her turn in 1999's American Pie and its subsequent sequels: 2001's American Pie 2 and 2012's American Reunion.
"In my American Pie days, everyone was kissing my butt. I didn't realize how good I had it," the actress told PEOPLE in 2008. "But the second things go down, no one cares. See who visits you in the hospital when you're sick. I've become humbler."
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
On Monday's broadcast of the Fox News Channel's “Tucker Carlson Tonight,” journalist Chadwick Moore discussed his article “I'm a gay New Yorker — and I'm coming out as a conservative,” and stated that he discovered a level of “Paranoia, a mean-spiritedness and an aversion to understanding, an aversion to communicating with people who don't agree with you” on the left, which he said is “really damaging to journalism, for one. Journalists are terrified of these people.”
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
Moore began by joking “I left my scarlet letter at home.”
He added that after he wrote a straightforward piece on Breitbart Editor Milo Yiannopoulos he saw “Paranoia, a mean-spiritedness, and an aversion to understanding, an aversion to communicating with people who don't agree with you” among people on the left. Moore continued, “I thought after the election they would have sat down and had a come-to-Jesus moment. And that hasn't happened at all.”
Moore further stated that he didn't know what caused this intolerance and paranoia, but that it might be that people are locked into social media and “friendship bubbles,” which have created “this reinforcing disease of hearing your opinions spouted back at you constantly, and just uncontrollable paranoia. It's really sad, and it's really damaging to journalism, for one. Journalists are terrified of these people.” Moore did clarify that he didn't think such intolerance was behavior demonstrated by the majority of people, or even the majority of people on the left.”
Moore concluded that such close-mindedness is “death for gay people. Adding “I've always said that gay people are natural libertarians. … [O]ne thing that we've always wanted was to be left alone by the government, and by our neighbors, essentially. And now the right's become — or the left's become completely puritanical and it's very off-putting.”
Follow Ian Hanchett on Twitter @IanHanchett
* Diesel sales plunge 19 pct, 41 pct market share
* Four-month regs up 2.5 pct to 1.14 mln cars
* German drop echoes Italy, France declines, Spain rises (Adds KBA figures, analyst comment and background)
BERLIN, May 3 New car sales in Germany declined 8 percent in April, with sales of diesel-powered vehicles dropping 19 percent as politicians debate imposing bans on diesel cars being driven in certain areas or refitting older engines with better emission controls to tackle pollution.
Registrations of new cars in Europe's largest auto market fell to 290,697 vehicles in April because of three fewer selling days, restricting the rise in sales in the first four months of the year to 2.5 percent, to 1.14 million cars, the KBA federal vehicle authority said on Wednesday, confirming an earlier report by Reuters.
Sales of diesel cars plunged, with their share of the overall market shrinking to 41 percent, KBA said, noting that sales of gasoline-powered cars were flat while electric vehicles posted strong gains from low base levels.
Stuttgart, home to premium carmakers Porsche and Mercedes-Benz, has been discussing banning diesel cars from the city centre, while ministers of Germany's regional governments are calling for older cars to be fitted with better emission controls.
"The market share of diesel cars will probably decline further in the coming months and years because the discussion about diesel vehicles and driving bans won't stop," Peter Fuss, a senior partner and automotive specialist in Ernst & Young's German practice, said on Wednesday.
Adjusted for three more selling days, car sales would have risen 7 percent last month, an industry source told Reuters, with demand seen from both private and commercial buyers.
Germany's sales drop mirrored declines in France and Italy whereas Spain reported a small increase. (Reporting by Andreas Cremer; Editing by Maria Sheahan, Greg Mahlich)
0 Childhood friends explains why Penny Hardaway is much more than a basketball coach
MEMPHIS, Tenn. - Penny Hardaway is set to become the next men's basketball coach at the University of Memphis.
A press conference is planned to take place on Tuesday. Monday afternoon, we spoke to a man who has known Penny Hardaway since childhood. He told us the man the university is about to hire is so much more than a basketball coach.
RELATED: Penny Hardaway agrees to be UofM basketball coach, ESPN reports
"The Binghampton community is going to be excited about it. You know they're getting the best person for the job. You know it's about putting butts in seats. You got to get the fans back in the arena, and he will they make the announcement, and the fans will be back in the arena," said Marty Merriweather, longtime friend of Penny Hardaway.
Trending stories:
Marty Merriweather is excited. His childhood friend Penny Hardaway is set to be named the new basketball coach at the University of Memphis.
"This city is going to embrace him, and I think he's going to embrace the city because he's always been that way from Binghampton and for the whole entire community."
Merriweather said Hardaway is a great coach. He's even coached his son.
"My son has been over at East for three years, and he's got three state titles," Merriweather gleamed.
But what many may not know about Hardaway is that he is a champion off the court as well helping Merriweather and his family get through the loss of their brother, Dez Merriweather, one of Hardaway's close friends.
RELATED: Penny Hardaway mourns Coach Desmond Merriweather's passing
"It meant a whole lot to my mom and to my family because if you think about it, a person don't have to do anything for you and Penny went over and beyond to reach out to help my brother in anyway, form, or fashion," Marty said.
So as a new era begins for the University of Memphis, a proud friend will be watching closely rooting for the Tigers to win on the court, yet knowing what Hardaway has done off the court puts the game of basketball into perspective.
"He's done everything that you can possibly do. He's a standup guy and it's no better person than him to lead the charge and get everything going back in the right,” Merriweather said.
Marty said when he and Penny talk, it's mostly about family and rarely hoops.
Penny Hardaway is expected to name the newest Memphis basketball coach Tuesday at an 11 a.m. press conference. You can see it live on FOX13 News.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
SM Adult Ringer Cotton Short Sleeve SKU: 170102-50775-1
Part No: BLE108
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: cotton
100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable 30/1 Ringer T Shirt
Condition: New
Size Chart SM Adult Cotton Regular Fit Short Sleeve Tee SKU: 170102-50775
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: cotton
100% Cotton 18/1 High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable Short Sleeve Adult T Shirt
Condition: New
Size Chart XL Adult Cotton Tall Short Sleeve Tee SKU: 170102-50775
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: cotton
100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable T Shirt
Condition: New
Size Chart SM Adult Tri-Blend Short Sleeve Tee SKU: 170102-50775
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: polyester / ring spun cotton / rayon
50% Poly / 25% Ring Spun Cotton / 25% Rayon High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable Short Sleeve T Shirt
Condition: New
Size Chart SM Adult Cotton Short Sleeve V-Neck Tee SKU: 170102-50775
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: cotton
100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable T Shirt
Condition: New
Size Chart SM Adult Heather Regular Fit Short Sleeve Tee SKU: 170102-50775
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: cotton
100% Cotton High Quality Heather Pre Shrunk Machine Washable T Shirt
Condition: New
Size Chart SM Adult Cotton 30/1 Slim Fit Short Sleeve Tee SKU: 170102-50775
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: cotton
100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable T Shirt
Condition: New
Size Chart SM Womens Short Sleeve Tee SKU: 170102-50775
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: cotton
100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable T Shirt
Condition: New
Size Chart SKU: 170102-50775-1Part No: BLE108Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: cotton100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable 30/1 Ringer T ShirtCondition: NewSKU: 170102-50775Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: cotton100% Cotton 18/1 High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable Short Sleeve Adult T ShirtCondition: NewSKU: 170102-50775Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: cotton100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable T ShirtCondition: NewSKU: 170102-50775Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: polyester / ring spun cotton / rayon50% Poly / 25% Ring Spun Cotton / 25% Rayon High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable Short Sleeve T ShirtCondition: NewSKU: 170102-50775Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: cotton100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable T ShirtCondition: NewSKU: 170102-50775Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: cotton100% Cotton High Quality Heather Pre Shrunk Machine Washable T ShirtCondition: NewSKU: 170102-50775Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: cotton100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable T ShirtCondition: NewSKU: 170102-50775Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: cotton100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable T ShirtCondition: New
View All: Bruce Lee items
Product Types: T-Shirts - Short Sleeve
Genres: Action | Martial Arts
Studio: Trev
This item can only be shipped to U.S. addresses.
Visit our main page for additional items Here.
Details
Here we have a slick black, white and red design featuring Bruce Lee in a signature pose. This style is perfect for fans of Bruce and fans of unique design apparel.
Related Items
Categories
Action | Martial Arts | T-Shirts - Short Sleeve | Trev
UNICEF says one in three internet users worldwide is a child and too little is done to protect them online or increase safe access. A new report says that governments and the private sector have not kept up with the pace of change, exposing children to new harms and leaving millions of the most disadvantaged children behind.
Trafficking, sexual abuse among online risks
The risks children face include trafficking and ‘made to order' online child sexual abuse. More than nine in 10 child sexualo abuse URLs that have been identified are hosted in five countries—Canada, France, the Netherlands, Russia and the United States.
There is also misuse of children's private information, access to harmful content and cyberbullying.
UNICEF says all children should have access to affordable high-quality online resources. © UNICEF
Digital deprivation exacerbates inequality, says UNICEF
About one third of the world's youth are not online. They tend to be those living in poverty or affected by humanitarian emergencies. Chief among them are African youth. UNICEF says this exacerbates inequalities and reduces their ability to participate in an increasingly digital economy.
“Now is the time to put children, their needs and their protection really at the heart of digital policy,” says UNICEF spokesman Simon Ingram.
UNICEF's report recommendations:
The House Intelligence Committee's declassified memo, released on Friday, reveals that a senior DOJ official's relationship with the anti-Trump dossier author Christopher Steele and Fusion GPS, and the extent of his wife's opposition research for the firm into then-candidate Donald Trump, was concealed from the FISA court.
The memo confirms that then-Associate Deputy Attorney General Bruce Ohr's wife, Nellie Ohr, was paid by the DNC and the Hillary Clinton presidential campaign through Fusion GPS, and Bruce Ohr's relationship with Steele continued even after Steele was terminated from U.S. intelligence services.
The memo states:
During this same time period, Ohr's wife was employed by Fusion GPS to assist in the cultivation of opposition research on Trump. Ohr later provided the FBI with all of his wife's opposition research, paid for by the DNC and Clinton campaign via Fusion GPS. The Ohrs' relationship with Steele and Fusion GPS was inexplicably concealed from the FISC.
In December, Fox News reported that a co-founder of the opposition research firm acknowledged in a court document that his company hired Nellie Ohr to investigate Trump.
The confirmation from Glenn Simpson came in a signed declaration filed in U.S. District Court in Washington, D.C., and provided a fuller picture of the nature of Nellie Ohr's work – after Fox News first reported on her connection to Fusion GPS. Her husband, Bruce Ohr, was demoted at the DOJ last week for concealing his meetings with the same company, which commissioned the anti-Trump “dossier” containing salacious allegations about the now-president. Together, the Fusion connections for Mr. and Mrs. Ohr have raised Republican concerns about objectivity at the Justice Department, and even spurred a call from Trump's outside counsel for a separate special prosecutor. Simpson's statement shows Mrs. Ohr was indeed involved in the Trump research. He said bank records reflect Fusion GPS contracted with her “to help our company with its research and analysis of Mr. Trump.”
Simpson said he told the House intelligence committee that he met with Bruce Ohr after the election to discuss what information had been gathered about Russia and the 2016 presidential election.
Follow Penny Starr on Twitter
Just as rivers move sediment across the land, turbidity currents are the dominant process carrying sediments and organic carbon from coastal areas into the deep sea. Turbidity currents can also destroy underwater cables, pipelines, and other human structures. Unlike rivers, however, turbidity currents are extremely difficult to study and measure. At the Fall 2017 meeting of the American Geophysical Union, scientists from around the world will present 19 talks and posters about the Coordinated Canyon Experiment--the most extensive, long-term effort to monitor turbidity currents ever attempted. The results of this two-year project challenge existing paradigms about what causes turbidity currents, what they look like, and how they work.
The Coordinated Canyon Experiment (CCE) was conducted in Monterey Canyon, off the coast of Central California, over an 18-month period between October 2015 and April 2017. During this time, scientists observed and measured at least 16 turbidity currents using dozens of instruments at seven different locations in the canyon. These instruments allowed researchers to track sediment flows over a 50-kilometer stretch of canyon, from depths of about 250 to 1,850 meters.
Using a variety of new instruments and technologies, researchers collected data not just on the movement of water and sediment, but also on the evolution and shape of the seafloor. Physical processes within the flows were monitored at spatial scales ranging from centimeters to kilometers, and over time scales from seconds to months. The resulting data yielded a new and unexpectedly complicated view of a globally important phenomenon that has been studied and modeled for nearly 100 years.
During the experiment, an international team of researchers from the Monterey Bay Aquarium Research Institute, the U.S. Geological Survey, the University of Hull, the University of Southampton, the University of Durham, and the Ocean University of China combined their expertise and equipment. This allowed the team to monitor each turbidity current in unprecedented detail.
The experiment showed that sediment-transport events in Monterey Canyon are more common and much more complex than previously recognized. Rather than simply being flows of sediment-laden water, some turbidity currents also involved large-scale movements of the entire seafloor. Furthermore, many turbidity currents changed character as they moved down-canyon, suggesting that no single flow model can explain all the processes involved.
The researchers were particularly surprised to find that the timing of the 16 monitored turbidity currents did not coincide with commonly-proposed triggers, such as earthquakes or floods, and only a few coincided with extreme surf events. One possible explanation is that sediments build up gradually within and around the edges of Monterey Canyon until they reach some certain threshold, after which turbidity currents can be triggered by relatively small canyon-wall failures.
Of particular interest to geologists searching for oil and gas deposits, the quantitative sediment measurements and detailed seafloor and sub-bottom surveys used in this experiment gave geologists their first opportunity ever to correlate turbidity currents of known magnitude, extent, and duration with large- and small-scale sedimentary structures observed firsthand on the seafloor. After millions of years, these same sedimentary structures sometimes form conduits or traps for oil and gas in sedimentary rocks.
The Coordinated Canyon Experiment yielded many other firsts in the field of marine geology:
The highest velocity turbidity-current flow ever measured instrumentally (8.1 meters/second).
The first quantitative evidence that during some sediment events, movements in the seafloor propagated down canyon faster than measured currents.
The first measurements of changes in the internal velocity structure within a turbidity current as it progressed down canyon.
The first quantitative data showing that, in early stages of some events, entire sections of seafloor may move as a semi-fluidized mass--a process that has not been previously documented in the scientific literature.
The first data complete enough to allow marine geologists to correlate sediment-transport events of known extent, magnitude, and duration with specific marine sedimentary structures.
###
Irvine, Calif., Feb. 14, 2017 -- Ice loss from Canada's Arctic glaciers has transformed them into a major contributor to sea level change, new research by University of California, Irvine glaciologists has found.
From 2005 to 2015, surface melt off ice caps and glaciers of the Queen Elizabeth Islands grew by an astonishing 900 percent, from an average of three gigatons to 30 gigatons per year, according to results published today in the journal Environmental Research Letters.
"In the past decade, as air temperatures have warmed, surface melt has increased dramatically," said lead author Romain Millan, an Earth system science doctoral student.
The team found that in the past decade, overall ice mass declined markedly, turning the region into a major contributor to sea level change. Canada holds 25 percent of all Arctic ice, second only to Greenland.
The study provides the first long-term analysis of ice flow to the ocean, from 1991 to 2015.
The Canadian ice cap has glaciers on the move into the Arctic Ocean, Baffin Bay and Nares Strait. The researchers used satellite data and a regional climate model to tally the "balance" of total gain and loss each year, and the reasons why. Because of the huge number of glaciers terminating in area marine basins, they expected that discharge into the sea caused by tide water hitting approaching glacier fronts would be the primary cause.
In fact, they determined that until 2005, the ice loss was caused about equally by two factors: calving icebergs from glacier fronts into the ocean accounted for 52 percent, and melting on glacier surfaces exposed to air contributed 48 percent. But since then, as atmospheric temperatures have steadily climbed, surface melt now accounts for 90 percent.
Millan said that in recent years ice discharge was only a major component in a few basins, and that even rapid, short term increases from these ice fields only had a minor impact on the long-term trend.
Millan added, "We identified meltwater runoff as the major contributor to these ice fields' mass loss in recent years. With the ongoing, sustained and rapid warming of the high Arctic, the mass loss of the Queen Elizabeth Islands area is likely to continue to increase significantly in coming decades."
###
Fellow authors are UCI professor of Earth system science Eric Rignot and UCI assistant research scientist Jeremie Mouginot. NASA provided funding.
About the University of California, Irvine: Founded in 1965, UCI is the youngest member of the prestigious Association of American Universities. The campus has produced three Nobel laureates and is known for its academic achievement, premier research, innovation and anteater mascot. Led by Chancellor Howard Gillman, UCI has more than 30,000 students and offers 192 degree programs. It's located in one of the world's safest and most economically vibrant communities and is Orange County's second-largest employer, contributing $5 billion annually to the local economy. For more on UCI, visit http://www. uci. edu .
Media access: Radio programs/stations may, for a fee, use an on-campus ISDN line to interview UCI faculty and experts, subject to availability and university approval. For more UCI news, visit news.uci.edu. Additional resources for journalists may be found at communications.uci.edu/for-journalists.
So much happened on Tuesday's Shadowhunters, I'm not even sure where to begin. Simon's stalker, perhaps? Or maybe the latest handsome obstacle for Alec and Magnus?
In keeping with the spirit of this complicated episode, I guess I'll begin at the end, with Clary and the gang unmasking the Owl after catching it puking into Ollie's mouth. Yes, Luke's partner turned out to be the final virtuous mundane required for Jonathan's revival — which was especially good news for Izzy, considering Jace-Owl (what are we calling him, Jowl?) initially targeted her new doctor boyfriend.
As it turns out, unmasking Jowl was kind of an accident, merely part of Clary and Magnus' ongoing investigation into the demon that stole a piece of her soul. Their sleuthing also led them to Brother Zachariah, who revealed that Jace never visited the Silent City for treatment. You know, I'm starting to understand what Dominic Sherwood meant when he told me, “You're going to see things get a lot worse than we've seen so far.”
Speaking of situations getting worse, Heidi went full Swimfan upon finally meeting Simon. I had my suspicions when she started spouting cliché stalker dialogue (“We belong together, Simon. You'll see!”), and they were confirmed when she catfished him into meeting her in a dimly lit basement. Simon foolishly informed her that he has a girlfriend, putting an immediate target on Maya's back — not that she's the type of woman to go into hiding.
Unfortunately, Heidi mistook a friendly exchange between Simon and Izzy for something “Sizzy”-like and assumed she was Simon's girlfriend. Izzy made quick work of the misguided fledgling before trying to convince Simon to turn Heidi over to the Clave. But when Izzy found out that Heidi was the vampire on whom Raphael had been experimenting, she agreed to send her off with Praetor Lupus for rehabilitation — a decision that Heidi was… not thrilled about.
Also worth discussing…
* Was anyone else genuinely worried that Alec was going to hook up with Underhill in a drunken stupor? Those two got way too flirty for my liking, and Underhill's insistence that dating a non-Shadowhunter might be more difficult than it's worth did nothing to reassure me. Just the worst. (Seriously, what would that couple name even be? “Alechill”? “Under Alec”? … Actually, that second one sounds like something else.)
* I have to admit, I didn't see this Luke-Maryse thing coming, but I'm already putting my full support behind it.
Your thoughts on Tuesday's episode? Drop 'em in a comment below.
SAN DIEGO– The San Diego County Board of Supervisors voted Tuesday to move forward with laying off 38 full-time animal services employees as part of a plan to shrink the department.
The workers will be laid off on July 2 following the board's decision in March 2017 to end the Animal Services contracts with the cities of Carlsbad, Del Mar, Encinitas, San Diego, Santee and Solana Beach. Fewer workers will be needed beginning in July when the department transitions to being responsible for shelters and enforcement services only in unincorporated communities, county officials said.
The board voted unanimously — minus Supervisor Ron Roberts, who was absent — to approve a plan to eliminate 68 positions in the Animal Services Department.
Thirty-eight of those positions are currently held by full-time county employees and include the director and two deputy directors. The remaining jobs are either vacant or held by temporary employees, according to a staff report.
The supervisors did not discuss the department shrinking, which has drawn ire from San Diego City Council members.
The county's plan hinged on private entities stepping in to perform animal control duties in cities like San Diego. Only one submitted a proposal: the San Diego Humane Society.
The City Council's Budget and Government Efficiency Committee last week advanced a proposal to have the society provide animal services within city limits.
“The county is really disappointing us all — after 45 years just getting out of the business. We're doing our best to pick up really big pieces here,” Councilman Chris Ward said.
The county Human Resources Department will provide assistance and “transition services” to the laid-off employees.
Meantime, the Humane Society recently posted 200 jobs in anticipation of contracting with the city of San Diego.
THE alleged Rundle Mall jewellery store robber took a taxi to Glenelg immediately after his crime and tried to sell some of his stolen goods for $1450, a court has heard.
On Thursday, a 26-year-old man — whose identity has been suppressed — faced the Adelaide Magistrates Court over the brazen early-morning crime.
He stands further accused of having stolen a car from its owner — whom he threatened with a replica firearm and punched in the face — at Unley the day before.
The court heard police were able to link the man to both crimes thanks to keen eyewitness descriptions of his unique and distinguishing features.
Those included his silver-barrelled firearm — which he hid up his sleeve and pointed at the carjacking victim — as well as his hairstyle and large neck tattoo.
The court also heard that, when police chased the man down and arrested him in Hutt St, his pockets were full of jewellery — all of which still had price tags.
The man has yet to enter pleas to two aggravated counts of committing theft using force, and one count of resisting police.
He is further charged with one count of damaging property, and one count of possessing a firearm without a licence.
On Thursday, police prosecutors alleged the man's criminal acts began in the car park of the Unley Shopping Centre, on Unley Rd, on Tuesday.
The told the court he approached a woman, 42, and demanded the keys to her blue Honda — while pointing a firearm, concealed in his sleeve, at her.
When the woman froze, he allegedly struck her in the face with his other hand before taking the keys and driving off, mounting the kerb as he did.
The car was later found at Unley Park — one of its tyres had blown out.
Prosecutors further alleged the man entered the Shiels jewellery store, on Rundle Mall, shortly after 9.30am on Wednesday.
Armed with a replica handgun and a hammer, and wearing a mask and a hoodie, he allegedly destroyed display cases and took tens of thousands of dollars' worth of gold jewellery.
The man allegedly left his weapons behind as he ran through Regent Arcade and caught a taxi, directing it to the Glenelg outlet of Adelaide Exchange Jewellers.
Prosecutors said the man had the taxi wait for him while he attempted to sell one of the stolen items for $1450, then had it take him to Halifax St.
They alleged officers located the man at Halifax St a few hours later and, after a short foot chase, arrested him on Hutt St.
At the time, officers allegedly found gold jewellery in the pockets of his shorts, all of which still bore Shiels price tags.
Magistrate Elizabeth Sheppard suppressed the man's identity, pending the completion of eyewitness statements, and remanded him in custody until October.
0 Are we allowed to bring guns into airports in the Mid-South?
MEMPHIS, Tenn. - People are allowed to bring guns into airports, but FOX13 found out there are specific steps owners need to take.
We spent the day with TSA Spokesperson Mark Howell, who demonstrated the legal way to pack a weapon.
First, he said they need to be unloaded.
Trending stories:
“You're going to make sure there are no rounds in the chambers on the inside as well,” he said.
Each gun goes inside a box specifically made for firearms. Howell tells us travelers have to notify ticket counter employees that they have it. Then, he says they will give customers a contact information card.
“Put it in your checked bag if you've got room for it,” he said. “It will be with your suitcase at your destination.”
In 2016, there were 3391 guns found at security check points in the United States. In 2017, there were 3952.
“Potentially being arrested or cited, getting a civil penalty of TSA, which can go to a max of $13,000, but you're also going to make the lines longer,” Howell said.
They'll make offenders stay at the check point until police show up. Howell says the cost is too great to forget a gun is inside a carry on bag.
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - CRCAM NORMANDIE SEINE SC:
* FY CONSOLIDATED GROSS OPERATING PROFIT EUR 140.3 MILLION VERSUS EUR 157.0 MILLION YEAR AGO
* FY CONSOLIDATED NET INCOME GROUP SHARE EUR 92.7 MILLION VERSUS EUR 95.3 MILLION YEAR AGO
* FY CONSOLIDATED NET BANKING INCOME EUR 361.2 MILLION VERSUS EUR 370.2 MILLION YEAR AGO
* BASEL III SOLVABILITY RATIO OF 17.0 PERCENT AT SEPT 30 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
On May 26, car enthusiasts were invited to Star Motors of Ottawa for Ottawa Benzfest 2018. Guests enjoyed a delicious BBQ, a car show courtesy of the Ottawa chapter of the Mercedes-Benz club of America and the opportunity to view brand new AMG performance models.
Share Sponsored by Star Motors of Ottawa: Ottawa Benzfest 2018 at Star Motors of Ottawa Tumblr Pinterest Google Plus Reddit LinkedIn Email
GALLERY: Sponsored by Star Motors of Ottawa: Ottawa Benzfest 2018 at Star Motors of Ottawa Ethan Allers and Sarah Williams of the Ottawa Symphony Orchestra played for the Benzfest guests. Patrick Doyle
From left, Darren Burrows, president of Responsible Choice, Yves Laberge, VP and GM at Star Motors of Ottawa, and Lina Caruso with Star Motors of Ottawa. Patrick Doyle
Betty Li and James Wu. Patrick Doyle
Phil Emberley and Brayden Emberley. Patrick Doyle
From left, Carolyn Correia, Mario Correia and Martin Petersons. Patrick Doyle
Henry Yeung of Sun Life Financial and George Yin, sales and leasing consultant at Star Motors of Ottawa. Patrick Doyle
Benzfest at Star Motors of Ottawa on Saturday, May 26, 2018 allowed guests to mingle and admire the latest Mercedes-Benz models. Patrick Doyle
Bob Mather and Marcel Savard. Patrick Doyle
From left, Bob Graham, June Graham and Sue Mather. Patrick Doyle
From left, Abdul Kassab, Adnan Kassab and Ahmed Abdrabou admire one of the cars at Benzfest. Patrick Doyle
Paul Burke and his son, also named Paul Burke. Patrick Doyle
Guests had the opportunity to admire both classic Mercedes-Benz cars and the newest AMG performance models. Patrick Doyle
From left, Sam MacLaurin, Andrew Gowan, lot attendant at Star Motors of Ottawa, and Kyle Fischer enjoying the food at Benzfest. Patrick Doyle
Ray Pearmain stands in front of Mercedes-Benz car models that were on show at Benzfest. Patrick Doyle
Don and Johanna Tudin. Patrick Doyle
Evening in the Maritimes
Citizen Advocacy Ottawa held the 24th annual Evening in the Maritimes on May 23, 2018 at the Hilton Lac-Leamy.
Share Sponsored by Star Motors: Evening in the Maritimes Tumblr Pinterest Google Plus Reddit LinkedIn Email
GALLERY: Sponsored by Star Motors: Evening in the Maritimes From left, David Cork, one of the honorary co-chairs, with committee co-chairs Barry McKenna and Jeff Snyder. Ashley Fraser
Honorary co-chair Senator Vern White and his wife Sari Musta-White. Ashley Fraser
Citizen Advocacy Ottawa executive director Brian Tardif and his wife Francoise Plourde. Ashley Fraser
Adrian Raghunandan with John Robson after Robson won over the crowd with a speech about his personal connection to Citizen Advocacy Ottawa. Ashley Fraser
Green Party Leader Elizabeth May and Warren Creates, an immigration lawyer in the Ottawa area and head of the Immigration Law Group at Perley-Robertson, Hill & McDougall. Ashley Fraser
Retired NHL player Mike Eastwood and Danielle Goddard. Ashley Fraser
Mike Murphy, a member of the board of directors of Citizen Advocacy Ottawa, with Joe Donegan. Ashley Fraser
Dentist Dr. Robert Ganske and his wife Lyn Beaudoin-Ganske. Ashley Fraser
Dentist Dr. Mark McCullough and Leigh McCullough. Ashley Fraser
Dr. Mark McCullough and Dr. Robert Ganske. Ashley Fraser
From left, Dr. Mark McCullough, Leigh McCullough, Lyn Beaudoin-Ganske and Dr. Robert Ganske. Ashley Fraser
From left, Dr. Robert Ganske, Lyn Beaudoin-Ganske, Cindy McKee and Tim McKee from Postmedia. Ashley Fraser
Former east-coaster and Ottawa lawyer Graham Murray and Angela Stewart, also a lawyer. Ashley Fraser
Shari and Jim Canning from Accenture who had a corporate table at the event. Ashley Fraser
From left, lawyer Pamela Machado, Ottawa Police Association president Matt Skof, Lisa MacIntyre with IRCC, Brent MacIntryre with Ottawa Police Service and Amy Bond with Ottawa Police Service. Ashley Fraser
CRebecca Peterson and Stephanie L'Ecuyer. Ashley Fraser
Former Canadian rugby union footballer, Al Charron, along with his wife Annette Charron and Dan Saikaley, a portfolio manager with CIBC. Ashley Fraser
Citizen Advocacy Ottawa social worker Sari Musta-White, Darwin Gould and his match Robert Henry, along with Maria Redpath, the community engagement coordinator with Citizen Advocacy Ottawa. Ashley Fraser
From left, Maria McClintock, Postmedia reporter Bruce Garrioch and Lori Gartner. Ashley Fraser
Leigh McCullough, MJ Brown, Lyn Beaudoin-Ganske and Cindy McKee. Ashley Fraser
This page was created by Content Works, Postmedia's commercial content division, on behalf of Star Motors of Ottawa.
The four Inland spellers competing in the Scripps National Spelling Bee all got their word correct during Round 3 on Wednesday, May 30, near Washington, D.C.
Riverside County champion Aisha Randhawa of Corona spelled “amateur,” Galen Cholbi of San Bernardino spelled “Viennese,” Nicholas Lee of Rancho Cucamonga spelled “vehemence” and Una Alesandra Santos of Fontana spelled “perscrutation.”
The contestants aren't guaranteed to advance to Round 4 on Thursday, May 31, however. The field will be cut to 50 competitors after Wednesday's round is completed based on scores accrued during the first two rounds and on a written test given Tuesday, May 29.
SCRIPPS NATIONAL SPELLING BEE
Remaining schedule: Thursday, May 31: Part 1, 7 a.m. to 11 a.m. PDT, ESPN2; Part 2, 5:30 p.m. to 7:30 p.m. PDT, ESPN.
Where: Gaylord National Resort & Convention Center, National Harbor, Md.
Prizes: $42,500 in cash, plus other prizes for the winner; $30,000 for second place; $20,000 for third place and other cash awards for spellers who reach at least round 7.
This article will be updated.
Final CORE group launched in Paramakatoi “The Govt. of Guyana is working hard to have people all across Guyana gainfully employed- Min. Annette Ferguson.
October 6, 2017- on Thursday October 5, Hon. Minister within the Ministry of Public Infrastructure, Annette Ferguson, was delighted to launch the final Community Organised for the Restoration of the Environment (CORE) group in Paramakatoi Region 8, providing employment to 10 youths in the community.
The new group officially completes the Government of Guyana's goal of creating 200 jobs across the country through the Ministry of Public Infrastructure initiative.
In her opening remarks, Minister Ferguson expressed her gratitude to the people of Paramakatoi for permitting the presence of her; CORE Coordinator, Charlene Garraway; and Personal Assistant, Leon Castello. Relaying the purpose of CORE to the community, Minister Ferguson said, “The aim of CORE is to restore the environment and I noticed that you, the villagers, focus on fishing and other economic activities for your livelihood.”
Min. Ferguson went on to state that “the Government of Guyana is working strenuously to have our people all across Guyana to be gainfully employed. You, the people of Paramakatoi are important to us, the Government.”
Furthermore, Minister Ferguson said that the youths should see this as an opportunity to upgrade themselves and become their own entrepreneurs. “The Government does not give a fish but teaches a man how to catch a fish for a lifetime.” The Minister further advised the 10 CORE workers to take advantage of the opportunity. “Let us work hard not too only to beautify Guyana, but also make Guyana proud, keeping it clean since we are going green…work hard because when you do, Guyana will applaud you for your contributions for making the country a clean and friendly place,” she emphasised.
Meanwhile, Toshao Phillip Geronimo expressed his gratitude to Minister Ferguson for bringing CORE to Paramakatoi, stating, “We welcome you and your team, Minister Ferguson.”
The launch of the Paramakatoi CORE Group is the twentieth and final group to be launched across the 10 administrative regions of Guyana. The first CORE group was launched in February 2017 with the aim of empowering and bettering communities through the formation of community groups aimed at the beautification of the environment. Workers in the CORE group are contracted for one year and receive a monthly salary of $60,000.00. It is government's intention to have more CORE Groups launched in other communities across Guyana in the not too distant future.
A 27-year-old Virginia man is accused of sexually assaulting four 5-year-old girls enrolled at the daycare that employed him for 7 years, PEOPLE confirms.
Prince William County Police detectives started investigating Taylor Boykin of Nokesville, Virginia, on March 27, after the suspect, an assistant teacher, allegedly “inappropriately touched the victim, identified as a 5-year-old girl,” at the Minnieland Academy in Bristow the day before.
The girl told her mother about the alleged inappropriate touching, and authorities were notified.
As police investigated the complaint, they say they learned of three other alleged victims, all of whom were 5 years old.
The alleged abuse of the four girls occurred within the past year, but authorities say there may be other possible victims who have yet to come forward considering Boykin worked at the center for 7 years.
Boykin is being held without bond on four counts of aggravated sexual battery, four counts of object sexual penetration, and four counts of indecent liberties by a custodian. It was unclear on Tuesday if he'd entered a plea to the charges.
Minnieland Academy has since fired Boykin, according to multiple reports.
PEOPLE reached out to Minnieland Academy for comment, but got no response.
• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage? Click here to get breaking crime news, ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter.
The center did issue a statement to FOX 5 in Washington, D.C., which reads: “Minnieland regrets that this occurred and is cooperating with local authorities in the investigation. Due to the nature of the incident and the continuing investigation we are limited in our ability to comment further.”
This is the second time since 2015 that the Minnieland Academy has fired an employee as a result of alleged criminal behavior.
Two workers were convicted in 2016 for operating a “baby fight club” at the company's location in Woodbridge, Virginia.
Kierra Spriggs and Sarah Jordan prompted toddlers to fight and dunked children afraid of water into wading pools. The women also gave the children Flamin' Hot Cheetos and laughed at their reactions.
A couple from Fishers, Indiana went to the Hoosier Lottery headquarters last week, intending to cash what they thought was a $1,000 Powerball prize.
Scroll for more content...
But the prize wasn't worth $1,000. It was worth $1 million.
Cindy Ooley and her husband, Steve, bought a Powerball ticket from the Meijer at 1425 W. Carmel Drive. Her ticket matched all five numbers, just not the Powerball number.
Cindy said she has been playing Powerball twice a week for years. She and Steve said they weren't sure what they were going to do with the $1 million prize.
"We're not going to have to watch things quite as closely," Cindy said.
Usually, new studies of the dino-killing mass extinction at the end of the Cretaceous provide another view into just how bloody awful it was. But if you're a glass-half-full kind of person, it's interesting to think about how quickly life recovered—not on timescales relevant to an individual organism, necessarily, but in terms of species and ecosystems.
Further Reading How the dino-killing asteroid put a ring on its crater A research cruise recently drilled a rock core into the Chicxulub Crater where an asteroid fell 66 million years ago. Coring the deeper rock helped show test models of the impossibly jello-like behavior of the bedrock during the impact, but there are also sedimentary rocks on top that were formed some time after the collision.
Researchers who have looked elsewhere have noticed that life recovered more slowly in the Gulf of Mexico and North Atlantic than in other ocean basins, taking about 300,000 years. One hypothesis to explain this is that concentrations of toxic metals were high near the impact crater. If that's true, recovery should be slowest at ground zero. But that's not what a huge team led by the University of Texas at Austin's Christopher Lowery found when they examined rocks that might record the first few years after the asteroid hit.
Layer cake
They found two rock layers that, between them, cover the first 200,000 years or so after impact. Immediately above the jumbled chaos of crater rock, there is a 76-centimeter-thick brown limestone, above which you find a thicker white limestone.
The question of how much time is recorded in that brown layer of limestone is key. The first constraint is that the fossilized life just above in the white limestone shows that the brown layer cannot have taken more than 30,000 years to form. But the researchers also measured helium-3 concentrations in the core, which actually provides an indication of how quickly the sediment piled up before it became rock. Those measurements point to the brown layer spanning less than 1,000 years. That's the shortest period of time the technique can discern, so this leaves open the possibility that it's much less than 1,000 years.
That brings us to the researchers' final step. After the impact, a ton of kicked-up mud would have settled to the seafloor. The brown limestone shows some very fine layering shaped by energetic currents you wouldn't normally find—like the sloshing after an asteroid smacks into the ocean. That leads to the conclusion that this brown limestone is just that settling mud, with normal sediment accumulation only resuming much later with the white limestone. If that's true, physics tells us the brown layer would have settled out in just six years or so.
In the mud
That makes the fossils in these rocks particularly interesting. While the lower part of the brown limestone contains just older fossils that were kicked up with the rest of the mud, the upper part of this layer contains tiny worm burrows that shows things were living there while the mud was still settling. Tiny fossilized foraminifera species known to have survived the mass extinction also start showing up in the upper part of this layer. That would mean life returned to the crater within a matter of years.
In the white layer of limestone above, which probably begins recording history 30,000 years after the impact, the diversity and number of tiny fossils increases considerably. And measurements of barium, titanium, and iron show that the mass of growing life was much higher, as well. This evidence paints a picture of a healthy, productive ecosystem that had basically returned to normal—much faster than the 300,000 years it took elsewhere in the Gulf of Mexico or Atlantic.
If life returned faster at ground zero than it did farther from the crater, then there wasn't some sort of toxic plume near the impact that poisoned the seas and slowed the recovery of life in the region. Instead, the researchers say, the variability from place to place must relate to a complex set of ecosystem factors, like differing conditions and species competition.
And despite the incredible violence of the impact—enough to vaporize some bedrock, jumble the rest, and probably induce new hydrothermal vents—some of the luckier species seem to have called the crater itself home much sooner than we might have guessed.
Nature, 2018. DOI: 10.1038/s41586-018-0163-6 (About DOIs).
A period of unstable weather has begun and it will continue through Thursday.
There were a number of thunderstorms overnight to the south and west of the islands, and in the 5 a.m hour, a number of lightning strikes were recorded just off the north shore.
Heavy showers and thunderstorms are most likely over the islands this afternoon and Thursday afternoon.
Stay alert, stay safe, and stay with us, your Severe Weather Station.
Trade winds will be breezy at times today at 15-20 mph.
High in Honolulu will be 86 degrees.
Surf is small today but both town and country swells are in the forecast. The south shores will build late Friday and peak just below advisory levels on Saturday. Another south swell is expected late Monday that will likely exceed the 8 foot trigger for a High Surf Advisory.
Here are today's wave heights: 2-4 feet east, 1-3 feet south, 1-2 feet north, 2 feet or fewer west.
No marine or weather advisories are posted.
- Dan Cooke
Go to the Hawaii News Now Weather page for the latest forecast or check out our Interactive radar. To get the latest weather conditions on your mobile device click HERE.
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
Three top sellers from Girl Scouts of the USA stop by to talk about this year's cookie sales.
Related Coverage East Tennessee schools cancel class on day of eclipse due to safety concerns
OAK RIDGE (WATE) – As school districts throughout East Tennessee continue to announce they will stay closed next Monday for the Great American Eclipse, one school system is keeping kids in class.
School system officials in Oak Ridge decided to revolve the school day on August 21 around the astronomical event, even moving kids to other schools within the district to get a better opportunity to watch the eclipse.
A week before the solar eclipse, third graders at Linden Elementary School stood in a circle working on an experiment involving the sun and shadows. For three weeks now, they've learned everything from science to myths around the world about the solar eclipse.
“I'm excited about just seeing something different in the sky that I've always had,” said third grader Evan Parsons.
“I'm excited that we're in school doing this,” added classmate Khale Watson.
Related: East Tennessee schools cancel class on day of eclipse due to safety concerns
A number of classes from Linden Elementary will be going to Roane County on the day of the eclipse to watch, putting their homework to good use.
“The moon is going to block the sun and it's going to turn red, and we've never seen this before,” said third grader Emma Diggs.
NOAA will be setting up equipment and experiments for the kids to track everything from wind speed to solar radiation. Classrooms right now are coming up with hypotheses on what will change during the eclipse. Art lessons will even be tailored to the solar event.
“With sun paper, the kids will dip their hands in sunscreen and then they'll put it on the sun print paper, set it out in the sun, and see it develop,” said Lisa Buckner, a STEM coach and teacher at Linden Elementary.
Four schools in the Oak Ridge system do not fall in the direct path and will only get a partial eclipse. Others will see just seconds of its totality.
“We're looking at 33 to 35 seconds,” said Principal Garfield Adams at Robertsville Middle School.
It's the reason why RMS will be hosting Jefferson Middle School next Monday.
Related: Top 50 spots to view the Total Solar Eclipse in East Tennessee
“So you're looking at possibly 1,400 students on one campus and we have a lot of things planned that day. We actually have a Space Act agreement with NASA,” added Adams.
Over the coming days, the Oak Ridge school system will have lessons, assemblies, and drills focusing on when to put on the correct eye wear.
“I'm hoping for good weather, like the sun is out, and a beautiful day so we can see the eclipse,” said third grader Ricardo Smith.
“We get to see it and that's all that matters,” added Diggs.
Every lesson so far this school year has mattered to teachers because it's making the eclipse come alive.
“So maybe it's one of my students will actually be on Mars one day,” said Buckner.
The Oak Ridge City School System wants to remind parents during the eclipse, schools will be on lockdown. If parents want to check their children out early, it must happen before noon the day of the eclipse.
The Verizon IndyCar Series will conduct their first on-track test of a car fitted with a windscreen next week. The test, that follows several years of concepts and planning, will take place at ISM Raceway in Phoenix, Arizona, with Scott Dixon driving his Chip Ganassi Racing Honda with the windscreen fitted onto it.
IndyCar released the first pictures of a windscreen fitted to a car today, with the images showing a number of modifications to the tub of the car around the cockpit in order for the screen to be properly fitted. The test, that will take place on Thursday next week, will be the first in what will most likely be a large number of on-track trials to see whether the concept can be introduced fully in the next few years.
“This has been a long process, one that's been very methodical and purposeful,” said INDYCAR President of Competition and Operations, Jay Frye, “We have been striving to create a safety piece that aesthetically looks good and works in all conditions, and this is a test of those things. Any piece we put on an Indy car must work for multiple types of venues and different lighting conditions. It has to be versatile.”
“We've tested this at Dallara's simulator, but this will be the first time it has been on a car at speed. So this is just the next step in the process.”
Windscreens for IndyCars have been heavily considered and rumoured over the last few years after numerous incidents in the series and other open-wheel championships across the world. The discussion really started to ramp up at the end of the 2011 IndyCar season where former champion Dan Wheldon was killed after a huge pile-up at Las Vegas Motor Speedway saw him launched cockpit first into the catch fence; dealing fatal head injuries to the British driver.
A few years later, the subject came back to the forefront of conversation after Justin Wilson was killed at Pocono Raceway in 2015 after debris from an accident further up the road flew up into the air and struck Wilson directly on top of his head. Between Wheldon and Wilson's deaths, there were a number of other similar incidents, such as James Hinchcliffe being struck by debris during the 2014 Grand Prix of Indianapolis.
The problem, of course, isn't IndyCar specific. Formula One will race with the controversial HALO device for the 2018 season after the tragic deaths of both Jules Bianchi and Maria de Villota, as well as the life-threatening accident for Felipe Massa at the 2009 Hungarian Grand Prix where he was hit in the head by a suspension spring.
A windscreen concept had been tested for Formula One at last year's British Grand Prix at Silverstone, but after complaints from Sebastian Vettel of distortion and vision issues, the idea was dropped immediately and never resurfaced. Many drivers and fans are hoping for such issues to be solvable if they should crop up in next week's IndyCar test, as there is no doubt that the windscreen concept is a much more aesthetically pleasing design choice than the HALO.
Last year, reigning IndyCar champion Josef Newgarden aired his views on the HALO and head protection in single-seater racing whilst visiting Formula One's United States Grand Prix at the Circuit of the Americas:
“With motorsports, we have always strived within the spirit of open-wheel racing to find and implement safety improvements,” Newgarden said to reporters at the event back in October, “That's always been the case. We're so much safer than we were 100 years ago and it's gotten incrementally better every year.
“So I think finding a solution for the head-surround is absolutely something we should be doing. We're doing the right things in trying to find the right solution. I'm not sure if the halo is the right thing or not.
“Obviously the FIA has deemed that to be the best piece possible to implement, and you have to respect them – they're the FIA and have the best resources in the world to determine that. But with us in IndyCar, we're taking a different approach.
“I think if you asked the drivers, the majority will tell you they don't want it [the halo] and the drivers are telling you that because they love open-wheel racing and they associate that with open-cockpit. It's not necessarily what open-wheel means, but that's what you associate it with.
“I think most drivers – they understand the risks and they wouldn't want it. That's just from the drivers' point of view, and taking all the other variables out of it.”
The first on-track test of the IndyCar windscreen will take place next week on February 8 at the ISM Raceway in Phoenix. Scott Dixon will be behind the wheel for Chip Ganassi Racing. The rest of the IndyCar series will join Dixon on track the following day for the next round of official pre-season testing for the 2018 Verizon IndyCar Series.
NEW YORK — The Weinstein Company has filed for chapter 11 bankruptcy protection, according to court documents.
The studio co-founded by disgraced movie mogul Harvey Weinstein has been crippled by the sexual harassment and assault allegations that were first made against him late last year.
The move comes after a deal to sell the studio's assets fell apart.
“While we had hoped to reach a sale out of court, the Board is pleased to have a plan for maximizing the value of its assets, preserving as many jobs as possible and pursuing justice for any victims,” Bob Weinstein, Harvey Weinstein's brother and co-chairman of the company, said in a statement provided to The Wrap.
In addition, New York Attorney General Eric T. Schneiderman said The Weinstein Company will release victims of and witnesses to Weinstein's sexual misconduct from any non-disclosure agreements.
“This is a watershed moment for efforts to address the corrosive effects of sexual misconduct in the workplace,” a statement said. “The Weinstein Company's agreement to release victims of and witnesses to sexual misconduct from non-disclosure agreements — which my office has sought throughout this investigation and litigation — will finally enable voices that have for too long been muzzled to be heard.”
To date, dozens of women have accused Weinstein of abuse, following reports in the New York Times and the New Yorker last year about his treatment of women, including some of those with whom he's worked. Weinstein has been accused of rape, assault and other forms of sexual misconduct.
He sought treatment after the allegations were made public and through a representative has repeatedly denied allegations of “non-consensual sex.”
The Attorney General's lawsuit against The Weinstein Company, Bob Weinstein, and Harvey Weinstein remains active and the investigation is ongoing, the office added.
'We are doing this program to at least make them happy, particularly the children,' says Chief Superintendent Antonio Gardiola Jr
Published 10:52 PM, February 03, 2018
LIGAO CITY, Philippines – Clad in type B uniform and with his electric guitar, Chief Superintendent Antonio Gardiola Jr, the top cop in Bicol, serenaded Mayon evacuees housed temporarily at Ligao Central Elementary School in this city over the weekend.
Joined by a band and dance troupe from the Philippine National Police (PNP), Gardiola has been roaming around various evacuation camps for more than a week now to provide entertainment to evacuees through psycho-social care.
They performed the "Budots Pa More" program – referring to a dance craze on TV – aimed at helping evacuees to cope with boredom and ease their worries.
"Moving them away from their comfort zone to congested evacuation camps for temporary shelters is not easy. So we are doing this program to at least make them happy, particularly the children," said Gardiola.
Nelia Buema, 74, said she's happy and amazed by the performances of the PNP personnel.
"I thought they're just policemen. I'm surprised because they sing well and dance gracefully," Buema said.
Aside from their prepared song and dance numbers, policemen handed over relief goods to the evacuees of Sitio Buga, Nabunton village, including candies and face masks for the children.
Gardiola said the psychosocial intervention would be done as long as there are evacuees and the volcano is on Alert Level 4.
Gardiola added that some of their men were patrolling in "no man's land" – or the classified danger zones around Mayon volcano – to prevent residents from venturing back to these areas, as well as watch over the houses there against possible thieves.
Aside from psychosocial care, PNP-Bicol has deployed 292 personnel to evacuation centers. Some 900 trainees of the Regional Training Center are also ready for deployment at any time. – Rappler.com
Congratulations to these two lovebirds!
UnREAL costars Freddie Stroma and Johanna Braddy are married, a rep for Stroma confirms to PEOPLE.
Stroma and Braddy, both 29, met while filming season 1 of the hit faux reality romance series. British actor Stroma portrayed the “Bachelor” of the season, and Braddy played one of the contestants. Though their characters didn't return for the second season, their love continued to blossom offscreen and the two got engaged during a romantic trip to Vancouver, Canada in May.
According to The Knot, the two exchanged vows at The Stables at Foxhall Resort and Sporting Club in Atlanta, Georgia, on Friday. The entire ceremony and reception was planned by Braddy and her mother.
According to the bridal magazine, florals were arranged by Forage and Fleur and treats were provided by Sister's Sweet Creations. Braddy previously confirmed to PEOPLE she would be wearing a one-of-a-kind, custom gown designed by Anne Barge.
RELATED VIDEO: UnREAL Star Shiri Appleby Reveals Her First Emmys Was as a Seat Filler!
In August, Braddy spilled a few wedding details to PEOPLE revealing that the two were planning on getting married around the holidays.
“Freddie's family is coming from Europe and Asia and we're all going to be together. So that's gonna be different,” the Quantico star said. “Super southern family. Super European family!”
“He's so sweet. I've met most of his family and they're precious, and my family's Southern and super welcoming,” she added. “So I think it will be great.”
March 28 Andritz AG:
* Has received an order from steel producer Nucor to supply turn-key production lines for its new specialty cold rolling mill complex at company's sheet steel mill in Hickman, Arkansas, USA
* Start-up of the plant is scheduled for the second half of 2018 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Ottawa residents will get a blast of sizzling summer heat on Monday and Tuesday, before things drop back to more warm-ish temperatures later this week.
According to Environment Canada, temperatures will hit a high of 26C on Monday with some cloud. Those temperatures will continue through Tuesday afternoon. However, an approaching cold front could cause thunderstorms and showers on Tuesday evening, which will bring with it slightly cooler temperatures.
Environment Canada says, temperatures will dip to 23C on Wednesday with mostly sunny skies. Thursday, Friday and Saturday bring 30 per cent chance of rain, with temperatures hovering around 22C. However, the sun and warmth is expected to return on Sunday, when the mercury will climb to 25C.
Machines in one of the shipping firm's distribution centers are directly replacing human roles, but there are no pink slips in sight so far.
The news: The New York Times says that as part of a big bet on automation, the firm is using five autonomous “tuggers” to move large, oddly shaped items around a freight depot in North Carolina. They're small vehicles, usually driven by humans, that pull big baskets on wheels.
What they do: The robotic tugs are akin to autonomous cars, using lasers and cameras to navigate and avoid obstacles. When package handlers have finished loading a driverless tug's trailer, they hit a button and the vehicle finds its own way across the warehouse.
Jobs, jobs, jobs: Over time, the bots will replace 25 drivers at the facility. But FedEx adds 100 roles per year there and says it's unlikely there will be net erosion of jobs, because so much of the work requires manual dexterity. The human role could change over time, though, as warehouse robots get better.
During his lengthy confirmation process to become NASA's new administrator, Oklahoma conservative Jim Bridenstine got pilloried for being a divider rather than a uniter. Noting Bridenstine's attacks on Marco Rubio during the 2016 presidential election, Florida Senator Bill Nelson characterized Bridenstine's politics as "divisive and extreme." Given that the space agency was apolitical, Nelson asked, “How do you keep NASA from being dragged down in a divisive political background?”
Nelson, a Democrat, was never satisfied with Bridenstine's answers and opposed his nomination to become administrator until the end. As a result, so did the entire Democratic party, and this forced a tense, party-line vote on Bridenstine when in the past NASA administrators have largely been approved by unanimous consent.
Truthfully, no one knows how Bridenstine will lead NASA. Critics have painted him as a climate change denier and against gay rights. However, the former congressman struck a moderate tone during his confirmation hearing, and as a pilot with a background in the US Navy, he has shown leadership on key aerospace issues during this five-and-a-half years in Congress.
Mankind vs. humankind
There were a few hints on Monday that Bridenstine will strike a more inclusive tone as NASA's leader. They came during a swearing-in ceremony at NASA headquarters in Washington, DC, when Vice President Mike Pence formally gave the oath of office to Bridenstine and in a meeting afterward.
For example, just before administering the oath, Pence talked about the role of NASA's administrator to lead the more than 18,000 scientists, engineers, astronauts, lawyers, contract officers, analysts, and security personnel. "Jim Bridenstine understands the words of NASA's vision to reach for new heights and reveal the unknown for the benefit of mankind," Pence said.
Moments later, after the oath, Bridenstine said that he did indeed understand the importance of the NASA vision and would work to uphold it. "I will do my best to serve our storied agency to the utmost of my abilities as we reach for new heights and reveal the unknown for the benefit of humankind," he said.
Further Reading Trump: “Look at your space program… We're like a third world nation” The difference between "mankind" and "humankind" may be just two letters, but for those seeking equality in human spaceflight endeavors, those two letters mean a lot. Men may have landed on the Moon, but increasingly women play critical roles at the space agency, both in the astronaut corps and in the agency's engineering and leadership teams. Today, it is not manned spaceflight, but rather crewed spaceflight. By eschewing the dated term "mankind," Bridenstine appeared to recognize the important role women play.
Already great
Bridenstine also declined to say that NASA would become great again. The need to restore NASA's leadership in space was a regular theme of Donald Trump's presidential campaign. In August 2016, he compared the space program to that of a third-world country. Last year, after signing an executive order to create the National Space Council, Trump said, "We're going to lead again. It's been a long time, over 25 years, and we're opening up and we're going to lead again like we never led before."
Over and over again, Trump and Pence have vowed to make America great again in space. However, immediately after becoming administrator, Bridenstine said to Pence, "Thank you for those exceptionally kind remarks. Thank you, also, to you and the president, and for what you are doing to ensure that the United States of America remains the preeminent space-bearing nation in the world."
NASA doesn't need to be made great again, Bridenstine appeared to be saying to his 18,000 new employees. You are already great.
After the public remarks, Bridenstine and Pence met with senior NASA leaders at the agency headquarters. After the briefing, the director of all science activities at NASA, Thomas Zurbuchen, said on Twitter that he had enjoyed being part of the event. "The comments were sincere and inspiring to all who attended!" he tweeted.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) - Dietmar Bartsch, the chair of the Bundestag group of Die Linke party, spoke of German Interior Minister Horst Seehofer that he would "deport Jesus" amid the Wednesday parliamentary discussion of migration policy agreed by Seehofer's Christian Social Union (CSU) and Christian Democratic Union of Germany (CDU).
"You would have deported Jesus with the same smile," Bartsch told Seehofer, as quoted by the Suddeutsche Zeitung newspaper.
Earlier this week, CDU and CSU agreed to turn away asylum seekers at the German-Austrian border if they had already filed asylum applications in other states, to set up transit centers, which would allow speeding up deportations, and to seek a bilateral deal with Austria on migration.
READ MORE: CDU/CSU Migrant Deal Unlikely to Become Gain for Seehofer, Merkel — Politicians
Austrian Chancellor Sebastian Kurz said Tuesday Austria would work to protect itself and its population if Berlin officially adopted this policy. In particular, Vienna might introduce new measures at the border, especially in the south.
© REUTERS / Drago Prvulovic European Journalist Doubts EU Migrant Deal Will Solve Migrant Crisis
Austrian Vice-Chancellor Heinz-Christian Strache said there would be no support for the deal solving Germany's problems "at the expense of Austria."
The two allied parties, which together form half of the government coalition with the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD), faced an internal crisis over the weekend as Seehofer threatened to resign both as a minister and as the head of the CSU over migration policy disagreement. The deal still requires the approval of SPD, which rejected setting up transit centers in the past.
Fiil makes a lot of bold claims about its Diva headphones: they're the first to have 3D audio, voice search and noise cancelling all in the one package.
The feature list and styling are certainly attractive, but do these headphones make for a product that's nice to listen to on a daily basis?
There's a lot to like about the Fiil Diva's industrial design. From whichever angle you, this pair of headphones look modern and minimalist.
The clean, uninterrupted glossy white covering on the headband is clean and stylish, and matched by the covering on the outside of the earcups. These earcups are the only place you'll find the company's brand name stamped.
While the logo may look like a perfectly ordinary, but stylish, brand stamped in silver on to the plastic, they're hiding a fun feature: they light up. And not in a hideous, tacky bright colour either - but an understated white light (which pulses when trying to connect to a device).
The underside of the Fiil headband is well padded and covered in a soft leather-like material which sits comfortably on the head. This soft padding is matched - even bettered - by the thick ring of padding around both of the earcups.
To stow them away, the Diva come with a hard case, and the cups have a folding hinge in their adjustable arms to completely collapse them in to the headband.
Vitally, the adjusting arms are made from a sturdy metal and slide smoothly in and out of the headband to ensure a perfect fit. In testing, when adjusted correctly, the earphones fit comfortably without being too snug. Although they sometimes feel like they would slip off, they never did during our testing.
First off on the features list: the Fiil headphones are Bluetooth wireless. So no having to worry about whether there is or isn't a 3.5mm headphone jack in your phone. However, it does still ship with a regular 3.5mm jack cable, just in case you run out of battery power.
Once connected wirelessly, you'll be prompted to download the Fiil app which you can use to manually adjust the EQ, check the battery life, as well as adjust the level of active noise-cancelling and ambience pass-through.
There's also a 3D sound effect feature which essentially boosts reverb to make the sound feel like it's in a more open space than just in a pair of cans glued to your eardrums.
Perhaps one of the most useful features is the built-in motion sensor. This automatically pauses the music you're listening to when you remove the headphones and place them around your neck. In our testing over a few days, only once did the music continue playing after the headphones were moved. Our testing included repeated removal, deliberately testing this function. To have it only fail to pause once was pretty impressive.
Like a number of other headphones out there, the Fiil Diva has an embedded touch-sensitive panel which responds to single-digit gestures. Swipe up or down on the right outer earcup to turn the volume up or down, swipe forwards or backwards to skip to the next or previous track, or simply tap on the side to play and pause. For the most part it works well enough, although there was more than one occasion when we brushed too lightly on the surface and it didn't pick up the gesture at all.
Touch-sensitivity isn't your only choice for controls. Around the rim of the right cup is a selection of ports. There's a multifunction button used to switch the earphones on, put them in pairing mode, check the battery level or activate Siri (or voice commands) on your device.
Next to it is a small pill-shaped button which slides up and down to adjust the amount of background noise the earphones let through while listening.
Longevity from the built-in battery is respectable too. After multiple sessions listening to music, at least two to three hours in total, there was still 80 percent left of the charge, with the app indicating that the Fiil would last at least another 15-more hours of media playback before depleting.
The app also gives you the option to switch voice prompts on or off, but our pre-release unit only had voice prompts in Chinese. That's something that needs fixing for final release.
As wireless connections go, it's hard not to over-laud the wireless connection reliability in the Diva. We could walk two rooms away from our phone and still have the music playing consistently. That means if your phone is in your pocket or bag, you shouldn't find the audio cutting out at all.
As well as the Diva headphones on review here, there's also the Diva Pro which has a few features not found in the standard model.
If you're willing to stump up a little more cash (and extra $100 US Dollars to be exact, so £77), you get 4GB dedicated storage to save your favourite songs for offline and untethered listening. You also get better 3D audio and voice control.
Considering at one point you could reserve the Diva from the Kickstarter project for as little as $129 (£99), the sound quality from these headphones is superb. Even at their suggested retail price of $199 (£155), they are good value for money.
Sound is full, and the Hi-Res Audio quality ensures that the little details in your tracks are retained and easy to hear. However, even with the EQ at the "normal" preset, bass has a tendency to be very prominent - but not completely dominant.
Even with the bass-heaviness, the audio quality is great enough that you still get to hear those subtleties you might miss from most headphones. The bongos being tapped lightly alongside thedrum kit that would normally overpower it, or just the full sound of the bass drum skin being hit by the pedal, rather than just hearing the beat. That, or being able to tell the difference between the guitar string being plucked by a heavy pick, or thin pick, or hearing the subtle tonguing of reed from the saxophone player.
We would like it if there was a more customisable EQ though. In the current version of the app, there are three presets - bass, original and treble - and that's your lot. That does disappoint if you're used to controlling a nine band EQ in minute detail.
The app also allows you change the levels of noise-cancellation and ambient awareness. In our experience, although there are better headphones out there for noise-cancellation, the Fiil do a really good job considering their price.
You can set the ambient passthrough to NC (noise-cancellation), Monitor or Open.
With Open activated you're completely aware of your surroundings, although still able to immerse yourself in the music. External sound stills comes through, and is relatively clear, albeit muted.
Switch to Monitor mod and it allows slightly less ambient sound through. NC mode, of course, almost completely kills off any exterior noise - although louder or high-pitched sounds are still audible.
Journalists from around the state discuss the news of the week with host Bill Bryant. Scheduled guests: Ryland Barton, Kentucky Public Radio; Daniel Desrochers, Lexington Herald-Leader; and Deborah Yetter, Louisville Courier Journal.
Up to 2.5 million votes could have been manipulated in Sunday's Turkish referendum which ended in a tight ‘Yes' vote for greater presidential powers, Alev Korun, an Austrian member of the Council of Europe observer mission, told ORF radio on Tuesday.
The mission of observers from the 47-member Council of Europe, the continent's leading human rights body, had already said the referendum was an uneven contest. Support for “Yes” dominated campaign coverage, and the arrests of journalists and closure of media outlets silenced other views, the monitors said.
But Korun said there were questions about the actual voting as well.
“This is about the fact that actually the law only allows official voting envelopes. The highest election authority decided however — as it were, against the law — that envelopes without official stamp should be admitted,” she said.
You will find more statistics at Statista
“There is a suspicion that up to 2.5 million votes could have been manipulated, said the Austrian member of parliament, a Green.
Korun also said that police in the majority Kurdish town of Diyarbakir hindered two of her colleagues from entering voting locations. She also pointed to videos on social media, which appear to show people voting more than once, although this still had to be proven.
“These complaints are to be taken very seriously and they are, in any case, to such an extent that they would turn around the outcome of the vote,” Korun said.
The pro-Kurdish opposition Peoples' Democratic Party said it presented complaints about unstamped ballots affecting 3 million voters, more than twice the margin of President Tayyip Erdoğan's victory.
Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan has dismissed criticisms of the vote.
That question has divided workplaces since sitting started going out of fashion about five years ago. .
INTERNATIONAL - That question has divided workplaces since sitting started going out of fashion about five years ago.
Our sedentary lifestyles were killing us, so standing, the thinking went, was the logical antidote. Sitting too long has been associated with diabetes, hypertension, some forms of cancer, anxiety and a generally greater probability of early death. However, a few years and hundreds of studies later, the naysayers began arguing that the benefits of standing had been exaggerated.
“What is the real answer?” asked Francisco Lopez-Jimenez, a cardiologist at the Mayo Clinic. “How many calories would someone burn in standing or sitting up?” A new study may provide the most definitive answer to date, at least as far as losing weight is concerned. Standing does, in fact, burn calories, researchers found, just not that many: about 54 calories for a six-hour day of standing.
In other words, about the same number of calories contained in an orange.
Desk-bound yearn for exercise
The researchers sifted through the almost 700 studies that have sought to measure the health benefits of standing desks. Of those, 46 were rigorous enough to be included in their review. These studies made sure to only measure sitting vs. standing and were careful not to include other potential calorie-burning behaviors. They also used what the researchers consider a scientific method for measuring calories. In total, the studies looked at more than 1,100 standing desk users.
“The ultimate goal is to avoid sitting for too long continuously.”
“The conclusion was that indeed people who stand burn more calories than those who sit,” said Lopez-Jimenez, who worked on the study. “But at the same time we found the number of calories was not as high as some people who were in favor of the standing desk were claiming.”
While 54 calories per day doesn't amount to much, over a four-year period—about as long as standing desks have been en vogue—someone could lose 10 kg (22 pounds), the researchers concluded. The study also found that men tend to burn twice as many calories per minute as women while standing.
Quicktake: The Dangers of Sitting
Despite the modest effects of standing desks found in the research, Lopez-Jimenez, who studies obesity and cardiovascular disease, still advocates for standing desks at work. Research has found that people with standing desks tend to move more throughout the day, which would result in more burned calories than just standing. And there's also the issue of back problems associated with long periods of sitting, another health issue standing desks were created to address.
“I tell my patients to try to apply some common sense,” Lopez-Jimenez said. He recommends standing periodically throughout the day “as many times as you can” for at least 30 minutes at a time. “The ultimate goal is to avoid sitting for too long continuously.”
You don't need a standing desk to do that, but it can't hurt.
A team of scientists from the Ural Federal University (UrFU) and Ural Department of the Russian Academy of Sciences) modeled type 1 diabetes in an experiment to study recovery processes in the pancreas.
A team of scientists from the Ural Federal University (UrFU) and the Institute of Immunology and Physiology (IIP, Ural Department of the Russian Academy of Sciences) modeled type 1 diabetes in an experiment to study recovery processes in the pancreas. The results of the study will help develop new approaches to treating diabetes. The article by the researchers was published in Biomedicine & Pharmacotherapy magazine.
"We decided to create new approaches to prevention and treatment of diabetes by using synthesized anti-diabetic chemical compounds. It was important for us to understand the mode of their action on cell, tissue, organ, and body levels," -- said Irina Danilova, the author of the research, the manager of a grant from the Russian Science Foundation, doctor of biology, head of the Department of Medical Biochemistry and Biophysics of UrFU, and head of the morphology and biochemistry lab at the Ural Department of the Russian Academy of Sciences.
Type 1 diabetes is a serious chronic disease caused by termination of insulin production in the pancreas which leads to increased levels of blood sugar and gradual damage of different organs and tissues. For example, high levels of glucose in blood activate oxidative stress -- damage of protein, lipid, and DNA molecules by free radicals. Another notable tissue damage mechanism associated with diabetes is nonenzymatic glycosilation (glycation) of proteins. In the course of this process glucose interacts with amino groups of proteins without the participation of enzymes. In healthy people this reaction is slow, but if the level of blood sugar is high glycation speeds up and causes irreversible damage to tissues.
Patients with type 1 diabetes need daily injections of insulin. Scientists are interested in finding a chemical compound that would activate regeneration processes in cells damaged by free radicals. To do so, they decided to study the potential of the compounds that are able to eliminate both metabolic (oxidative stress and protein glycation) and immunological (inflammatory response) disorders associated with diabetes.
First of all, they selected heterocyclic compounds of 1,3,4-thiadiazine synthesized in UrFU in the Department of Organic and Biomolecular Chemistry under the guidance of Oleg Chupakhin (Russian Academy of Sciences, full member). These substances have anti-oxidizing and anti-glycation properties. Then the researchers tested the compounds on lab rats with diabetes.
"We tried to eliminate the disorders associated with diabetes using derivative substances of 1,3,4-thiadiazine. As a result, the levels of glucose and glycosylated hemoglobin in the blood of the rats decreased, and the level of insulin went up. The compounds that block the aforementioned pathogenetic mechanism may potentially be turned into medicinal drugs for the treatment of this socially significant disease," -- concluded Irina Danilova.
###
The research was supported with a grant from the Russian Science Foundation (RSF).
FILE PHOTO - Trell Kimmons (R) of the U.S. fails to pass the baton to his teammate Rakieem Salaam (L) within the allowed space on the track, during a qualifying heat of the men's 4x100 metres relay event during the IAAF World Relays Championships in Nassau, Bahamas, May 25,... REUTERS/Mike Segar
Whether it's dropping the baton or being disqualified, U.S. men's 4x100 metres relay teams have found gold medals difficult to come by in recent years.
A new relays coach is hoping to change that ahead of this weekend's IAAF World Relays in Nassau, Bahamas.
"Potentially, with the talent we have, if we get the stick around the track, we will get a medal," Orin Richburg told Reuters.
Achieving that simple goal, however, has been a regular problem for U.S. men's 4x100 metres relay teams.
Six times they have been disqualified - twice for doping violations - and on three other occasions did not finish in 15 Olympic, world championships and World Relays competitions since 2000.
Only four gold medals have been won along with two silvers.
In the same 15 events, U.S. men's and women's 4x400m relay teams have each claimed 11 gold medals and the women's 4x100m six.
Richburg was asked how he was going to change the situation.
"We have to make sure we get the stick around and make the people who make the team have some transparency and cohesiveness in what they are doing," said Richburg, who has worked with USA Track & Field (USATF) programs since 1989 and served as the 2001 world championships head coach and 2008 Olympic relays coach.
One way to build that cohesion and familiarity is to expand participation in domestic relays in the spring so when athletes come together for global competitions it is not a shock, Richburg said.
A college coach for more than 30 years, Richburg succeeds Dennis Mitchell as America's relay boss and nine-times Olympic champion Carl Lewis, often a critic of the U.S. sprint relay team, welcomed his appointment.
"It is a unique opportunity to turn it around and get back to where it was," Lewis told Reuters. "I am really excited about that.
"He (Richburg) understands relays and understands what to do," said Lewis, who now coaches at the University of Houston and has sprinter Leshon Collins in the U.S. 4x100m pool for this weekend's World Relays.
"It's so pathetic it is ridiculous," said Lewis when reminded the U.S. men had not won an Olympic 4x100m gold medal since 2000.
LACK OF EXECUTION
Bob Kersee, who has coached numerous top American female sprinters, believes the problem has been lack of execution.
"We have not executed as best we are capable of," Kersee told Reuters. "Lack of talent, no."
Richburg admitted mistakes have been made, but wondered if the errors stood out because the relay is a glamour event.
"We make mistakes in other events and it doesn't become a glaring situation," he said.
With a push to acquire as many medals as possible and the talent to do so, the U.S., unlike some countries, cannot put the relay before other events.
"People have to understand there are three medals in the 100 metres, three medals in the 200 metres and three in the 400," Richburg said.
Jamaica, led by world record holder Usain Bolt, have won every global men's 4x100m relay except one since 2008.
"I don't think our kids fear him because they have to face him in the 100 and 200 metres," said Richburg.
Lewis believes Bolt has been a factor.
"The U.S. men would probably be having more success if they weren't all discombobulated by Jamaica," he said.
"When you are not sure of yourself you don't run (well)... The United States has got so it is acceptable to lose."
(Editing by Ed Osmond)
The Minden Lion's Club welcomed Alex Collins, owner-operator of A.J. Price Tire and Service Center, as their guest speaker Thursday. Collins shared his 13-years of little league football coaching experience in Minden and how a group of coaches came together to form the Louisiana Extreme Football League in response to dwindling numbers in the Minden Rec. Football League. The league pits teams ages 7-8, 9-10, 11-12 and even 5-6 against teams from neighboring communities like Homer, Haynesville, Springhill, Bossier, North Caddo and North DeSoto. Additionally, all coaches in the league go through concussion and safe tackling training in an effort to improve safety in football.
Related
Comments
comments
The first two times the Washington Wizards posted four-game winning streaks, John Wall was healthy and participating.
This time, Wall is days removed from left knee surgery.
Washington attempts to match a season high with a fourth straight win Saturday night when it visits the Orlando Magic.
The Wizards (29-22) are averaging 117.7 points on 49 percent shooting after going 3-6 from Jan. 6-25. They improved to 8-6 without Wall as Bradley Beal led eight players in double figures with 27 points in a 122-119 comeback win over the Toronto Raptors Thursday.
During Wall's previous absence, Tim Frazier was the starting point guard but this time Tomas Satoransky started alongside Beal in the backcourt. Satoransky finished with 10 points and had 17 assists in his last three games while helping hold opposing point guards Kyle Lowry, Russell Westbrook and Dennis Schroder to 20-of-49 shooting from the field.
Beal also recorded six of Washington's season-high 30 assists while getting 25 of his 27 points in the second half.
"Everybody eats," Beal told reporters "That's our motto. Everybody eats when we move the ball."
The Wizards are averaging 32.3 assists in their last three games, raising their season average to 23.7.
"We know we are going to be without (Wall) for a stretch of games," coach Scott Brooks told reporters. "We have met, and we have talked and we are trying to figure out ways how we can win and still be effective because we have a prideful group, guys that care.
"We have enough, and my job is to find ways to keep moving the scoreboard and keep getting the defensive stops that we need. John is one of the fastest, quickest, toughest guards I have ever coached, and we had to make adjustments without him."
However, at times, the Wizards have not done things consistently since half of their losses are against teams with losing records.
Orlando is seeking consecutive wins for the first time since Nov. 10-11 when it opened with an 8-4 record.
The Magic (15-35) are 7-31 since their last winning streak and in their previous six attempts at consecutive wins, the margin of defeat has been 9.3 points.
The Magic are coming off one of their better showings of the season as they hit 18 3-pointers and led for the final 41-plus minutes in a 127-105 rout of the Los Angeles Lakers Wednesday, doing so a night after allowing James Harden's 60-point game in Houston.
Orlando played without starting forward and leading scorer Aaron Gordon (hip flexor), who is listed as questionable. If Gordon sits for a third straight game, Marreese Speights will start after scoring a season-high 21 points Wednesday.
"We could have come into this game and had the excuse that we lost a close game against a great team (on Tuesday in Houston), but we came with a great mindset," Speights told reporters. "We had the opportunity to get a good win (Wednesday) after losing the one (Tuesday) night against a hot team. I'm proud of the guys who came in with no excuses and got the win."
Speights' showing was part of Orlando's fourth win in 15 games. During those games, the Magic have nine losses by single-digits, including close losses to Cleveland and Houston.
"(Winning) is important," Magic coach Frank Vogel said. "You can talk about staying positive and how well we're doing individually and the habits that we're building, but you need results to reinforce what we're doing. Our guys are bringing it, playing the right way and playing together. I'm happy for them that they got the 'W.' "
The Wizards are 16-2 in the last 18 meetings. Beal scored 30 points in Washington's 125-119 home win on Jan. 12 while seven players reached double figures in the Wizards' 130-103 rout on Dec. 23.
At 6-foot-3, 230 pounds, Zack Enhelder already possesses the size of a legitimate Division I tight end, which is probably one of the attributes that caught the attention of the Army Black Knights'...
photo: Philip Cosores / ImageSpace / Sipa, USA Today
By Scott T. Sterling
Albert Hammond Jr.'s status as a guitarist for The Strokes is on full display with his new solo song, “Muted Beatings,” which he dropped yesterday night (Feb. 2) and performed on ‘Conan' last night.
Related: Watch: Julian Casablancas and The Voidz Perform ‘Leave It In My Dreams'
The first track from Hammond's forthcoming album, Francis Trouble, is brimming with sing-song melodies and spiky guitars reminiscent of The Strokes' signature sound.
Francis Trouble addresses the guitarist's thoughts about his twin brother, who died in the womb.
“What the music says may be serious, but as a medium it should not be questioned, analyzed or taken too seriously,” Hammond said in a press statement. “I think it should be tarted up, made into a character, a parody of itself. The music is the mask the message wears and I, the performer, am the message.”
Francis Trouble is set for release on March 9.
Check out Albert Hammond Jr. on ‘Conan' here:
And listen to the studio version of “Muted Beatings” here:
The guitarist will support the album with a tour, following stints opening for the Killers in America and Franz Ferdinand in the U.K. The headlining dates kick off March 6 in San Francisco. See his itinerary below.
3/6 – San Francisco, CA @ Great American Music Hall
3/7 – West Hollywood, CA @ Troubadour
3/8 – Santa Ana, CA @ Observatory
3/10 – Phoenix, AZ @ Flying Burrito Musical Fiesta
3/11 – Santa Fe, NM @ Meow Wolf
3/14 – Austin, TX @ SXSW
3/15 – Austin, TX @ SXSW
3/16 – Austin, TX @ SXSW
3/17 – Austin, TX @ SXSW
3/19 – Dallas, TX @ Tree's
3/20 – Houston, TX @ White Oak Music Hall
3/21 – New Orleans, LA @ One Eyed Jacks
3/23 – Atlanta, GA @ Terminal West
3/24 – Birmingham, AL @ Saturn
3/25 – Nashville, TN @ Exit In
3/27 – Washington, DC @ U Street Music Hall
3/28 – Brooklyn, NY @ Brooklyn Steel
3/30 – Philadelphia, PA @ First Unitarian Church
4/1 – Boston, MA @ Middle East Downstairs
4/2 – Montreal, Canada @ L'astral
4/3 – Toronto, Canada @ The Horseshoe Tavern
4/5 – Detroit, MI @ Magic Bag
4/6 – Chicago, IL @ Bottom Lounge
4/7 – St Paul, MN @ Turf Club
4/10 – Seattle, WA @ The Crocodile
4/11 – Vancouver, Canada @ The Biltmore
4/12 – Portland, OR @ Doug Fir Lounge
CANADA STOCKS-TSX slumps to 6-month low as resource stocks slide
TORONTO, June 14 Canada's main stock index slumped on Wednesday to its lowest close in six months as a drop in crude oil prices pressured energy shares, while the materials group also lost ground as a Federal Reserve interest rate hike weighed on gold prices.
There's always room for more in the Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants — though in this case, it may be the traveling diaper for its newest member.
Close friends and former costars America Ferrera and Amber Tamblyn got together recently, posing for a snap with the latter's 5-month-old baby girl Marlow Alice.
“#thefutureisSisterhood,” Ferrera, 33, captioned the cute moment, showing her planting a kiss on the baby's head as Tamblyn, 34, holds her. The new mom then re-posted the photo to her own Instagram account.
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements, plus celebrity mom blogs? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter.
#thefutureisSisterhood A post shared by America Ferrera (@americaferrera) on Aug 13, 2017 at 6:54pm PDT
Somehow my wife gave birth to a 55 year old furrier from Crown Heights. I'm investigating. A post shared by David Cross (@davidcrossofficial) on Mar 20, 2017 at 2:02pm PDT
RELATED VIDEO: The Sisterhood Is Strong! Blake Lively Posts Instagram With Amber Tamblyn's Baby Bump
Ferrera, Tamblyn and their Sisterhood costar Blake Lively have been especially vocal over the past year leading up to and after the 2016 presidential election concerning the importance of women's rights, attending protests together and speaking out about the direction they believe the U.S. is headed as a result.
“It felt like, more than ever, the millions of us who believe in the values we've held so dear in America needed an action, needed something to come together — to be united and to send a message that we actually are the majority,” Ferrera said in a speech during January's Women's March on Washington.
RELATED: Women's March Storms Washington: “The Revolution Starts Here,” Says Madonna
“As long as we stay focused on what aligns us and what unites us we can fight back,” Ferrera added to the crowd, which reached about half a million at its peak.
Wrote Tamblyn in an October essay for Glamour addressing her pregnancy, past sexual assault and hopes for her baby girl's future, “I'll be voting for a future for my daughter where conversations about our bodies and our lives are broader than what value they have for men.”
Baby's first cabbage A post shared by David Cross (@davidcrossofficial) on Mar 12, 2017 at 4:28pm PDT
FROM PEN: EW's Top Ten Rom-Com Movie Moments
RELATED GALLERY: The Sisterhood Is Alive and Well! How the Cast Has Stayed Close All These Years
Lively — a mom to daughters herself (she and husband Ryan Reynolds share Inez, 10 months, and James, 2½) — posted an Instagram photo of herself and Tamblyn shortly after the Joan of Arcadia star announced her pregnancy.
“So proud of my dear friend, and new mama to be, @amberrosetamblyn,” Lively, 29, captioned the baby bump snap. “Whatever your beliefs, one thing is certain, the world must be a better, safer place for women and girls.”
You may not post new threads
You may not post replies
You may not post attachments
You may not edit your posts
HTML code is Off
By: The Associated Press
news@abc6.com
PROVIDENCE, R.I. - Rhode Island residents are preparing for a late winter storm forecast to dump as much as a foot-and-a-half of snow on parts of the state.
Schools have been canceled in Providence ahead of the storm, expected to start early Tuesday, and a parking ban starts at 12:01 a.m.
The National Weather Service put in place a blizzard watch across much of the state. It says 12 to 18 inches of snow could accumulate and winds could gust up to 45 mph.
Forecasters say areas along the south coast could get less, around 8 to 12 inches.
The state health department is encouraging people with special health care needs to enroll in the state's registry before the storm. The department says enrolling doesn't guarantee assistance, but it helps emergency officials in planning and caring for residents.
© WLNE-TV / ABC6 2017
SAN DIEGO — A sprinkler system and quick response by firefighters limited damage from a fire to an office building Saturday in San Diego, authorities said.
At about 5:15 p.m. a passerby noticed flames coming from the side of a building at 9449 Balboa Avenue, fire officials said. It went to a second alarm at 5:31 p.m. and the flames were out within 20 minutes.
Fire damage was confined to the third-floor exterior deck and water damaged a couple of law offices next to the deck, firefighters said.
No injuries were reported, they said.
The fire was caused by discarded smoking materials, officials said.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Atlanta Falcons running back Devonta Freeman may not be ready for the start of the team's offseason program, but he is more relieved that he will not need surgery on his knee.
Freeman told profootballtalk.com that he went for a second opinion after playing with sprained posterior cruciate and medial collateral ligaments in his right knee at the end of the season
"Thank God I didn't have to get surgery," said Freeman. "So now I just have to rehab and get it back stronger and be ready for next season."
Freeman rushed for only 7 yards on 10 attempts in a 15-10 playoff loss to the Philadelphia Eagles. He said he injured the knee in Week 17.
After rushing for more than 1,000 yards and 11 touchdowns in both 2015 and 2016, Freeman finished with 865 yards and seven scores on the ground this past season. He missed two games and most of a third due to a concussion.
--Matt Bryant will turn 43 in May and is scheduled to become an unrestricted free agent, but the veteran kicker has no plans to walk away from the game anytime soon.
Why would he?
Bryant tied his career high by nailing 34 field goals (on 39 attempts) during the regular season and converted all five attempts in the postseason for the Atlanta Falcons.
"I know I am capable," Bryant said, per the Falcons' official website. "I've proven it. I am ready to play -- I'll play two, three more years in this league. There are obviously some curious times ahead to see where those two, three years happen."
--Adrian Peterson has heard the whispers that his tenure with the Arizona Cardinals could be coming to an end.
While Peterson is not convinced the Cardinals will remove him from their roster, he has no doubts he'll be on the field for next season -- and many more after that.
"I think I would want to play maybe four more years, four to five more years," the 32-year-old Peterson told the St. Paul Pioneer Press.
Peterson, the 2012 NFL MVP, was back in Minneapolis in advance of Sunday's Super Bowl LII, greeting fans at the Mall of America in the city where he starred for a decade with the Minnesota Vikings.
"It feels good always coming home and getting a warm welcome," said Peterson. "I was here for 10 years. ... At the end of the day, I'll always bleed purple. So just coming back here, I was hugging fans like people I see in training camp every year that supported me and that continue to support the Vikings."
--Alex Smith is receiving a going-away show of support from fans of the Kansas City Chiefs.
Shortly after Tuesday's report that the Chiefs agreed to trade Smith to the Washington Redskins, Kansas City fans began a move to donate money to the veteran quarterback's foundation, the Kansas City Star reported.
The grassroots movement got underway early Wednesday and generated nearly 2,500 donations worth a total of $47,000 for the charity in the first two days, said Pam Smith, the quarterback's mother.
"We are very grateful and amazed," Smith wrote to the newspaper in an email.
--Philadelphia Eagles wide receiver Nelson Agholor has flu-like symptoms but should be able to play in Sunday's Super Bowl against the New England Patriots, according to a report.
Agholor had IVs on Saturday morning after "feeling sick and weak," according to Ian Rapoport of NFL Network.
In a tweet, Rapoport wrote that Agholor is "already feeling better and should be fine for the game."
The Eagles did not add Agholor to the injury report, a strong indication that he is expected to play Sunday.
--A number of NFL MVPs and player-of-the-year awards will be announced in the coming days, with New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady expected to walk away with most of those honors.
But he was not selected as one of the FedEx Air and Ground Players of the Year, which is determined by an online vote of fans.
Philadelphia Eagles quarterback Carson Wentz, who has not played since suffering a torn ACL on Dec. 10, and Los Angeles Rams running back Todd Gurley were named the FedEx Air and Ground Players of the Year.
FedEx will donate $50,000 to the USO in the name of each player, a total donation of $100,000.
--Buffalo Bills quarterback Tyrod Taylor does not seem willing to restructure his contract again this year.
A year ago, Taylor was set to make $30.75 million guaranteed in 2017 but agreed to a restructured deal that lowered his income as new head coach Sean McDermott and general manager Brandon Beane tried to keep Taylor while having enough money to improve the Bills' roster.
Taylor again enters the offseason with questions about his contract. This time around, he is not likely to make the same contract concessions.
"Definitely not part of my mindset," Taylor said, according to the Buffalo News. "I've done that before. I don't think there's a need to do that again. That's definitely not part of my mindset."
--Veteran quarterback Josh McCown wants to be back with the New York Jets next season.
That's hardly a surprise after McCown enjoyed the best season of his 15-year career with the Jets in 2017, but the journeyman quarterback said he would like to return even if New York uses a high draft pick to select a quarterback.
"It's hard to say, 'Hey, I want to go somewhere else' after you had the best year of your career," McCown said in Minneapolis, per the New York Post. "I liked being there and loved the organization and the guys in the locker room. I think there was a good foundation laid, something special and something that can be built."
--A former employee of the Houston Texans filed a lawsuit against the team, claiming its former director of football operations sexually harassed her.
Kristen Grimes, a former suite sales account executive with the Texans, is suing the team and Jason Lowrey for negligence, civil assault, intentional infliction of emotional distress and defamation, KHOU.com reported. She is seeking $1 million in damages.
The lawsuit alleges that Lowrey pursued a relationship with Grimes in 2013, the first year she began working for the team. Grimes charged that Lowrey "publicly demeaned" and groped her during a work trip.
Michael Flynn, President Donald Trump's former national security adviser who subsequently pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI and is now cooperating with special counsel Robert Mueller, had a slew of previously unreported conflicts of interest, Bloomberg reported Monday.
Flynn's previously reported conflicts were already damning: He lied to investigators about his contacts with Russia's ambassador before Trump took office. He and his firm failed to register as foreign agents doing work that, Flynn's attorney later admitted, “could be construed to have principally benefited the republic of Turkey.” Part of that work included an effort to smear — and possibly kidnap, though Flynn's lawyer has denied that — Fethullah Gulen, a Muslim cleric living in Pennsylvania who Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan has accused of orchestrating the failed 2016 coup against him.
Flynn reportedly put on hold a plan to arm Kurdish forces in the fight against the Islamic State — a move beneficial to the Turkish government — 10 days before before Trump took office, when no one knew Flynn was working as an agent of the Turkish government. He also reportedly promoted a plan to build nuclear power plants across the Middle East in a June 2015 trip he failed to disclose.
Bloomberg on Monday reported on conflicts related to Iranian-born businessman Bijan Kian, who was a close business partner of Flynn's until recently. Flynn's relationship with Kian goes back to 2008, according to Bloomberg's report. TPM has previously reported on the pair's connection via the Nowruz Commission, which promotes and celebrates the Persian New Year. The commission also listed former CIA director Jim Woolsey as an ambassador.
In 2013, when Flynn was leading the Defense Intelligence Agency, Kian got Woolsey to set up a meeting between him and Flynn to promote his computer chip company, per the report. Afterward, Flynn tasked the DIA's chief scientist to “help the chipmaker pass military certification standards,” Bloomberg reported, citing unnamed sources Kian briefed.
After President Barack Obama fired Flynn in 2014, according to Bloomberg, Kian brought Flynn onto the board of his company, GreenZone Systems Inc. In 2015, GreenZone won a $1.1 million contract from the Defense Department's Combating Terrorism Technical Support Office, which works with the DIA (but does not report to it, as Bloomberg noted).
Later that year, on a previously-reported trip to Saudi Arabia where Flynn promoted nuclear reactors, he also attempted to sell Kian's computer chip, according to Bloomberg. Flynn then lied about the trip on federal disclosure forms, according to the report.
A year after that trip, according to Bloomberg, Kian met with staffers from the House Homeland Security Committee in late 2016 to once again promote GreenZone products. He then changed topics suddenly, according to the report, and “abruptly ushered in another group with an entirely separate and unexpected agenda” — the demonization of Gulen, the Muslim cleric.
Finally, Bloomberg reported, citing unnamed sources who worked on the 2016 presidential transition, that Kian and Flynn worked on a proposal to create an intelligence force of private contractors that would report directly to the national security adviser, circumventing the CIA. According to the report, Flynn was fired in February 2017 before he could “shepherd those plans into action.”
Rep. Elijah Cummings (D-MD), the ranking member of the House Oversight Committee and perhaps the legislator most attentive to Flynn's various business dealings and ethics violations, told Bloomberg News that the newly reported conflicts indicate “that General Flynn's use of public positions for profit was far more wide-ranging than previously known.”
“We have been raising red flags and requesting documents about these issues for the past year,” Cummings told Bloomberg. “But the White House continues to stonewall us, and Republicans in Congress continue to wall off the White House from serious oversight.”
Global Packaging Tapes Market Information by Type (Filament tapes, Double-sided tapes, Parcel tapes, Light-duty packaging tapes, and others) by Material (Acrylic, Hot Melt, and others) by Application (Food & Beverages, Chemicals, Consumer Goods, and others) and Region – Forecast to 2021
Market Scenario
Packaging tapes are used in various applications. Growing demand from packaging industry is the primary driving factor of the packaging tape market. The growing e-commerce and organized retail sector along with multiple usages of packaging tapes across various industries are the key drivers of packaging tapes market. The growth of e-commerce and food & beverage markets particularly in the Asian regions of China and India induces the demand for packaging tapes. This is backed by the increasing purchasing power and investments in the packaging industries.
Packaging tape manufacturers are witnessed investing in the advanced technology. The new age packaging tape offers transparency, high aging resistance, and good adhesion. The pressure-sensitive adhesives tapes provide easy labelling at low temperatures, and ultra-violet acrylate adhesives enable high aging resistance. Furthermore, the market is observing the demand for printed packaging tapes because of the growing need to differentiate products for brand identification.
Various designs and materials are available in the packaging tapes market. Industries such as food and beverages, retail packaging, e-commerce, and automobile have been using packaging tapes across various end-use. The automotive industry has also seen the demand for good quality tapes such as filament tapes. These tapes are widely accepted in various industries such as food and beverages, and automotive, etc. Besides the growth in the packaging printing industry, there is also seen rising demand for product differentiation, and technological advancements which has fuelled the demand for packaging tapes.
Updated at 12:27 p.m. ET
A gunman opened fire during an early morning baseball practice for Republican members of Congress on Wednesday, reportedly firing dozens of shots at a field in Alexandria, Va. At least five people were wounded, including Majority Whip Steve Scalise of Louisiana.
The shooting suspect has been identified as James T. Hodgkinson of Belleville, Ill., two federal law enforcement sources confirm to NPR's Carrie Johnson. In an address from the White House, President Trump said, “the assailant has now died from his injuries.”
Hodgkinson was 66 years old, according to multiple sources online. He was taken into custody at the scene of the shooting. He was a member of several online groups that took stances against Republicans and the president, the Belleville News-Democrat reports.
Police initially tweeted that the suspect was among five people transported to the hospital, though Alexandria Police Chief Michael Brown later refused to confirm that. U.S. Capitol Police officers are being widely praised for helping to stop the attack.
“Many lives would have been lost if not for the heroic actions of the two Capitol Police officers, who took down the gunman despite sustaining gunshot wounds during a very very brutal assault,” Trump said shortly before noon.
The shooting occurred around 7 a.m. ET in the Del Ray area of Alexandria, just south of Washington, D.C., and about 8 miles from Capitol Hill. A helicopter arrived to medevac at least one victim.
The FBI is taking over the investigation, Brown said in a midmorning update, because the attack involved violence against a federal officer.
The FBI is “exploring all angles” in the case, Special Agent in Charge Tim Slater said, responding to a question about whether the attack was an act of terrorism.
Federal investigators are conducting emergency traces on two firearms — a rifle and a handgun — in connection with the shooting in Virginia, an ATF spokesman tells NPR's Carrie Johnson.
U.S. Capitol Police Chief Matthew R. Verderosa said his officers who were wounded “are in good condition” and should recover quickly. He later added that they had “acted heroically today.”
In the wake of the shooting, the House of Representatives canceled legislative business for the day, and security was increased around the White House. A public event that had been scheduled for Trump at the Labor Department on Wednesday afternoon was canceled.
Scalise was shot in the hip; his office says the lawmaker was in stable condition and undergoing surgery at MedStar Washington Hospital Center.
“Prior to entering surgery, the Whip was in good spirits and spoke to his wife by phone,” Scalise's office said in a statement. “He is grateful for the brave actions of U.S. Capitol Police, first responders, and colleagues.”
Trump said in a tweet that Scalise “was badly injured but will fully recover,” adding, “Our thoughts and prayers are with him.”
The shooter opened fire at a baseball field at Eugene Simpson Stadium Park, across the parking lot from Alexandria's YMCA. Gunshots hit the YMCA's windows, and the building was shut down and the block cordoned off, NPR's Tom Bowman reports from the scene.
After receiving a call of shots fired at 7:09 a.m., officers were on the scene within three minutes, Chief Brown said. He added that at least two officers fired at the gunman.
Rep. Mo Brooks of Alabama, who was at the practice, told CNN that the gunman was holding what he described as a semi-automatic rifle in the area behind third base and that Scalise had been near second base. He told CNN that he tried to help Scalise, saying, “We used my belt to help put a tourniquet around his leg.”
Brooks also told the network that he watched as “a Capitol security guy who had already been shot, who had helped take down the shooter, came limping over to us in the outfield, totally ignoring his own wounds to check on the person he was primarily responsible for — Steve Scalise being a part of the House leadership team.”
Two Capitol Police officers showed “incredible bravery,” Brooks said, describing how they used their pistols to engage in a gunbattle with a man armed with a rifle, from a distance of 90 to 120 feet.
NPR's Scott Detrow reports that a staff member of Rep. Roger Williams' office was wounded. Earlier reports had said Williams was also shot, but his office says the Texas congressman was not hurt in the attack.
Rep. Steve Pearce of New Mexico, who was at the practice but unharmed, tweeted prayers for the victims.
A local resident who posted a video of the scene after the shooting said, “There were probably about 80 to 100 shots fired over there.”
That resident, Benjamin Childers, added, “We had three members of Congress [who] took shelter in our apartment.”
Trump had issued a statement earlier:
“The Vice President and I are aware of the shooting incident in Virginia and are monitoring developments closely. We are deeply saddened by this tragedy. Our thoughts and prayers are with the members of Congress, their staffs, Capitol Police, first responders, and all others affected.”
The shooting occurred one day before the Republican team is scheduled to play in the annual Congressional Baseball Game at Nationals Park. Pitting members of one party against another, the contest supports charities ranging from the Boys and Girls Clubs to the Washington Literacy Center.
Members of the Democratic Party's team were practicing elsewhere Wednesday morning; after the attack, they tweeted a photo of themselves taking a moment to think of their colleagues.
The violence disrupted what had been a quiet start to the day in Del Ray, hitting an area where many residents go to work out in the mornings and grab a coffee from a shop around the corner from the YMCA.
As NPR's Jessica Taylor reports from the neighborhood: “This is people going about their normal mornings, probably not even knowing that there were members of Congress that were practicing a few blocks down the road here. And it just went from really sort of calm, peaceful morning to utter chaos in here.”
This is a developing story. Some things that get reported by the media will later turn out to be wrong. We will focus on reports from police officials and other authorities, credible news outlets and reporters who are at the scene. We will update as the situation develops.
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
The race is on for companies to present their driverless cars to the public, but recent collisions involving autonomous vehicles developed by Uber Technologies Inc. and Tesla Inc. have led consumers to questions whether these vehicles can alleviate traffic issues and increase safety. A new study published in Risk Analysis examined the question "How safe is safe enough for self-driving vehicles (SDVs)?"
To answer this question, researchers employed an expressed-preference approach - a method that has not previously been employed in this setting - to determine the socially acceptable risk of SDVs. The results showed that the public will not accept this new technology unless it is shown to be safer, approximately four to five times as safe as human-driven vehicles (HDVs). Despite the conveniences SDVs would bring to individuals, such as the ability to watch a movie, read a book, sleep or surf the internet, the public will be much less likely to accept, or even tolerate, SDVs if they have the same risk level as human driving. As suggested by previous studies, an individual increases his or her demand for safety when that safety is entrusted to an external factor, such as an automated vehicle.
One of the major motivations behind the development of SDVs is to improve road safety. Human error is believed to cause 94 percent of all traffic crashes in the U.S., and 75 percent in the U.K. While SDVs have the potential to significantly reduce these types of crashes, they also introduce several new road risks, including accidents caused by cyber-attacks. Creating perfectly safe SDVs is both technologically and economically infeasible, but policies can require that the risk of having them on the road be as low as technically achievable.
The study was conducted by Peng Liu and Run Yang, Tianjin University, and Zhigang Xu, of Chang'an University. The survey was distributed to a convenience sample of residents in Tianjin, China. Of the 499 respondents, half were randomly assigned to complete a version of the survey for HDVs, while the other half completed an SDV version. Risk frequencies were expressed as one fatality per a certain number of vehicle-kilometers traveled and as one fatality per a certain number of population, respectively. Respondents were asked to accept or reject each traffic risk scenario at one of four levels: never accept, hard to accept, easy to accept and fully accept.
The results show that the respondents believe that SDVs should be four to five times as safe as HDVs. Current global traffic fatal risk is estimated at 17.4 per 100,000, which is 350 times greater than the frequency accepted by 50 percent of the respondents for SDVs. This implies that respondents expect SDVs to improve safety by two orders of magnitude against the current traffic risk.
Based on the results, the researchers propose the following requirements for SDVs based on the tolerability of risk in industrial safety (a concept developed in the health and safety field) in which risks are distinguished by three criteria: unacceptable, tolerable and broadly acceptable. SDVs that are less safe than human drivers would be set as the unacceptable risk criterion. The tolerable risk is that SDVs be four to five times as safe, meaning they should be able to reduce 75-80 percent of current traffic fatalities. The broadly acceptable risk criterion for SDVs is set as two orders of magnitude lower than current global traffic risk, indicating a hundredfold improvement over current traffic risks, or the same order of magnitude experienced in public transportation modes, such as rail and commercial aviation.
"Our results and method may help government authorities to establish clear safety requirements for regulating SDVs and also help SDV manufacturers find consumers' expectations for SDVs that must be met," states Liu, Ph.D., assistant professor of industrial engineering.
###
About SRA
ANGLESEY Trading Standards has warned it will track down counterfeiters using the internet to sell fake goods after a Llanfaes woman admitted in court to selling fake make-up.
The warning comes after the woman recently pleaded guilty at Caernarfon Magistrates Court to selling counterfeit cosmetics online.
The 28-year-old from Llanfaes pleaded guilty to selling counterfeit cosmetics on her Facebook selling group called ‘Fashion & Cosmetics' and on her website ‘mistiquemadness.co.uk'.
Following a complaint in November 2016, the woman was found to be advertising various cosmetics including ‘Benefit, They're Real Mascara' (£13) and ‘Dior, Addict IT Lash mascara' (£15). Test purchases confirmed that they were counterfeit.
A forensic examination of her mobile phone and laptop showed conversations with disgruntled customers, and clearly showed that she knew the items were counterfeit.
The woman pleaded guilty to two offences under Trade Marks Act 1994, selling counterfeit products and unauthorised use of trademarks, one offence of unfair trading practices under Consumer Protection from Unfair Trading Regulations 2008, and one offence under Fraud Act 2003 of dishonestly failing to provide required cancellation rights.
She was ordered to pay a total of £420, which comprised of a fine, surcharge and legal costs.
Anglesey's chief public protection officer David Riley said, “This sends a clear message to anyone thinking of selling counterfeit goods – we will not tolerate it.
”These particular cosmetics were not tested, but similar counterfeit products have found to be unsafe due to high levels of heavy metals and arsenic. We'd urge consumers to be careful and not to be duped by an apparent bargain and promise of cheaper prices as counterfeit products are poor quality and often unsafe.”
Pictured: Fake make-up purchased by Anglesey Trading Standards from website ‘mistiquemadness.co.uk'
LANSING (AP) — Gov. Rick Snyder's Marshall Plan for Talent has been granted $100 million in funding from the Michigan Senate.
Lawmakers voted 30-2 Wednesday to establish a talent investment fund within the state's Higher Education Student Loan Authority for the upcoming fiscal year.
The money would be funneled into initiatives to promote talent development in Michigan, mainly through support for technical and skills-based learning and partnerships between businesses and schools.
The two-bill package now heads to the House, which last month dinged Snyder's $100-million goal by 25 percent in its budget.
Snyder, a term-limited Republican, unveiled the plan earlier this year and has said it is his top priority during his final year of leading a state that has seen a steadily deflating talent pool since the Great Recession.
© 2018 Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
Beginning today, Quality Street chocolates and caramels are now available in newly redesigned tins, just in time for Diwali celebrations.
The new Quality Street tin design contains an assortment of imported chocolates and caramels and this year Quality Street introduces a new indulgent sweet: honeycomb crunch. Each chocolate and caramel is individually wrapped in bright jewel colours making it an excellent gift choice that is sure to make any Diwali celebration brighter.
For the past few years, Quality Street has celebrated Diwali with the Canadian South Asian community. These newly designed tins and new honeycomb crunch sweet will spark joy and excitement during this holiday as the perfect gift for family and friends to share.
On October 21st and 22nd, Nestlé Canada Quality Street will also showcase the new tin design at DiwaliFest, a free indoor event at the Bramalea Centre Mall in Brampton celebrating this South Asian festival of lights.
ABOUT DIWALI
Diwali is one of the most well-known South Asian festivals. It is known as the ‘festival of lights' because houses, shops and public places are decorated with diyas, candles and colourful lights on this occasion. In Canada, as in India, the festival is a time for fall cleaning, wearing new clothes, and exchanging gifts, sweets and chocolates.
ABOUT NESTLÉ CANADA
Backed by more than a century of research and experience, Nestlé Canada's vision is to be Canada's number one food and beverage company, helping Canadians live healthier and happier lives. Nestlé in Canada manufactures some of the world's most recognized and trusted brands, including BLACK MAGIC, GOOD START, HÄAGEN-DAZS, KIT KAT, LEAN CUISINE, NESCAFÉ, NESQUIK, NESTLÉ DRUMSTICK, NESTLÉ PROFESSIONAL, NESTLÉ PURE LIFE, STOUFFER'S and Nestlé Purina BENEFUL. Nestlé in Canada employs approximately 3,600 people in 21 manufacturing sites, sales offices and distribution centres across the country.
For more information, please visit http://diwali.qualitystreet.ca/
Electronic Arts might have pulled out of Nintendo Wii U development soon into its lifespan but it is one of the publishers committed to supporting Switch.
We learned early doors that FIFA would be coming to the platform and now we've had a chance to see a fleeting glimpse of it in action.
A Japanese trailer for the Nintendo Switch shows some of the game being played and by all accounts it looks good - not quite the Frostbite Engine levels of the Xbox One or PS4 versions of FIFA 17 but far better than the current mobile editions.
Considering you can take it with you when travelling, that'll be of great interest to many fans.
The Nintendo Switch will be released globally on 3 March for £279.99. FIFA is currently listed as coming in "2017" so an actual release date is currently unknown.
The Switch version doesn't have a yearly designation, which suggests it might come out before FIFA 18, the next annual release. It also means it might not have some of the features found in FIFA 17 - Ultimate Team, for example.
You can pre-order it from Amazon.co.uk for £59.99. That way you'll get it as soon as it comes out and we'll keep you informed as we find out more.
As we approach the end of the living nightmare known as “2017,” let's take a moment to remember the good times, shall we?
We needed laughs more than ever this year, and our small-screen favorites were more than happy to oblige. From Broad City‘s animated mushroom trip to Will & Grace‘s, ahem, “shower scene,” we're still laughing over the 20 moments included in our best-of gallery.
Heck, one of the year's funniest TV moments wasn't even supposed to be funny. (Spoiler alert: the scene in question is from a Shondaland drama. And involves a dinosaur.)
Browse our gallery of 2017's funniest scenes below — you can click here for direct access — then drop a comment with your own pick(s).
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
MIAMI — 28-year-old Jacob Garcia is facing charges of disorderly conduct for allegedly groping a female passenger on an American Airlines flight from Chicago to Miami, according to WGN.
A Miami-Dade police report says the flight crew told officers they tried to move 28-year-old Jacob Garcia of Chicago to another seat, but he continued to be unruly, screaming and insulting the woman and her boyfriend.
Police then asked Garcia to leave Flight 2446, which was waiting to take off from Miami to Chicago, but he refused.
After Garcia was asked to move seats he began screaming at the female passenger and her boyfriend. A passenger on the plane said he said a racial slur to the guards.
“Right before the guy sits down in his seat, he turns to the security guard and shouts at him he said, ‘My people were building civilizations while you monkeys were still swinging from the trees,'” Adisak Pochanayon said. “There was a couple people on the flight who wanted to get up and leave. There was a black gentleman two rows in front who was like, ‘I can't be on this flight with this racist.”
Pochanayon recorded video from the incident. He said after Garcia refused to leave the plane, the pilot announced the whole plane would have to be emptied.
Pochanayon said he believes something just wasn't right with Garcia who showed great physical strength and an ability to be unfazed by the Taser.
Passenger videos show police zapping the man as they struggled to get him off the plane. He kept asking why they were removing him. Passengers can be seen clapping and cheering as Garcia is later escorted through the airport.
Garcia faces disorderly conduct and other charges. Jail records don't list an attorney.
An American Airlines statement says crew members asked the man to get off the plane after he had a "disagreement" with another passenger Sunday night; the man refused to leave and the crew began deplaning passengers. The statement says during that process, a physical altercation broke out between the two passengers.
The plane left an hour late.
SHE'S a real Donaldganger.
Dolores Leis Antelo, a Spanish farmer, is taking the internet by storm thanks to her uncanny resemblance to US President Donald Trump.
A photo of Dolores, who is from La Coruna, a port city in Spain, has gone viral online with thousands of retweets.
It shows her clutching a hoe and gazing into the distance in a pose that resembles that of Trump wielding a golf club on the green.
Camera Icon You'd be forgiven for mixing them up. Picture: Supplied, Reuters/David Moir
Antelo has since been dubbed the “Donald Trump of the Costa da Morte,” according to the original report in La Voz de Galicia.
“My photo seems to have travelled far. I say it is because of the colour of my hair,” she told the Spanish news outlet.
Her daughter Ana said: “Imagine if we were in Donald Trump's family!”
But Dolores has spent her whole life in Cabana de Bergantiños with her husband of 40 years and has never been interested in the digital world and does not even own a mobile phone
“I have never been curious to have one but I do look at what my daughters show me. They say this picture will make me famous but I don't get why,” she said.
This story originally appeared in the New York Post and has been republished with permission.
It's often said that it takes a village to raise a child.
That's the reason a large group of parents came to the Isiah Fredericks Community Center to learn from one another. Each one passed the microphone and shared personal tips and stories from their experiences of parenthood.
"That was the best thing, if a young parent was here that would be one of the biggest goals they can have-just to listen how people brought up their kids. There were some things that I heard and I said 'Oh I should have put that in there,'" said Roy Collier, a concerned parent.
Roy and his wife Simone have raised seven children, their youngest is in college now. They've seen first-hand with their own kids how parenting requires constantly evolving and adopting new techniques.
"The generation that's coming up, the younger generation is going to be a lot different than the generation in their teens now because they've seen the destruction of what can happen when you do wrong and different things, they see that now," added Collier.
Parents repeatedly brought up two key elements of a strong parent-child relationship. One key element was accountability.
"When my kids did something wrong, somebody told me. When somebody else kids did something wrong, I told them. When I grew up and I did wrong, I was told on before I got home," said Collier.
The second, and what attendees said is the most important element, was trust. In order for a kid to thrive in the outside world, trust has to begin at home.
"Mostly listen to what they had to say and I never would get upset with them. I would always just listen and say whatever it is just tell me about it. Tell me," said Simone Collier.
The Colliers say they listened to their kids, and are proud for doing so. Now they're listening to other parents and pitching in to guide the next generation in the right direction.
Some of the most vocal people at that meeting were teachers, coaches and preachers.
They say they spend most of their time with children and they want to do everything they can to ensure the well-being of the kids they are responsible for.
Copyright 2018 WLOX. All rights reserved.
Jermain Defoe kept up Sunderland's fight to avoid relegation as he converted two penalties to give the Black Cats a 2-2 home draw with Liverpool after the visitors led twice in a rip-roaring Premier League clash on Monday.
Defoe took his league tally to 11 goals, cancelling out a 19th minute opener by Daniel Sturridge and then a 72nd minute Sadio Mane tap-in, with both Liverpool goals coming after poor Sunderland defending at corner kicks.
However, Liverpool returned the favour with a clumsy Ragnar Klavan challenge on Didier Ndong for Defoe's first spot kick and then with a dreadful Mane error for the second when a free kick hit the Senegal winger's outstretched arm.
The result left second-placed Liverpool five points behind leaders Chelsea, who visit London rivals Tottenham Hotspur on Wednesday, while Sunderland stay in the relegation zone although the draw took some of the pressure off manager David Moyes.
7:57 A.M.
I heard the question, but I was a mist, trying to catch up with the moment, and choking on my emotions. I heard it again (“What's her name?”), but it was an echo in the distance, a faint and muddled inquiry in stupefied ears. I couldn't respond.
A full cast of medical staff swirled about the room like a Broadway dream-scene dance number. I was little more than a prop, frozen and dimly lit–an unremarkable tree tucked ignominiously in the background of a delivery room set. Lindsey, in the spotlight, played the role of the suffering queen while a princess emerged on center stage in nothing short of horrifying fashion.
Having skipped the usually-immediate skin-to-skin contact between mother and baby, the nurse snatched our child and rushed her to the scale. It was then that I heard another, more familiar, voice begging beneath the noise.
“Is she breathing?” The voice seemed to be muted under gallons of water. “Is she breathing?”
Helpless and dull, like drifting wood, I followed the nurse who carried my baby. Her body was tiny, blue, unmoving on the scale.
“Does she have a name?” the nurse asked with increased intent.
I hadn't found the moment to have a final consultation with Linds. I hardly had time to realize where I was or understand what was going on. I eked a response, empty though it was.
“…Yeah…”
It was only twenty-seven minutes earlier that we were home.
6:30 A.M.
Linds woke me up and said, “I might be in labor.”
I shot out of bed and hopped in the shower.
With our first, Lindsey labored for six hours at home before we left for the hospital. Even then, we spent ten hours in the delivery room before he was born. But the story of my friend, Joe, delivering his own second-born in the backseat, and the story of my friend, Andrew, who delivered his second-born in a bathtub haunted me. I didn't want to be caught with my pants down–or, I guess I should say–with my wife's pants down at the traffic light as she's screaming at me to catch the head.
“Look at you,” Lindsey scoffed. “You're freaking out!”
“We should go.”
“I'm ironing my robe.” She stopped for a contraction.
“Linds, we should go.”
“I need to shower.” She moaned under the showerhead.
“We need to go!”
“I have to brush my hair…”
7:30 A.M.
The loaded Equinox backed out of the driveway. The contractions were getting worse. And closer. The last time I checked the app, it said they were three minutes apart.
Three minutes.
The traffic lights were on our side as I raced down Michigan Avenue. Still, in the back of my head, I took an inventory of possible birthing spots.
Blimpie parking lot. Urgent Care. Should we have stayed home?
“I'd guess I'm at four centimeters,” Linds said like she was guessing the number of marbles in a jar between contractions. “What's your guess?”
“Four centimeters,” I curtly responded, brushing the question aside. My guess was that she was about to pop.
7:41 A.M.
We checked in at the third-floor maternity ward, Lindsey in a wheelchair. The sliding window opened. A man sat behind the desk. Mid-60's, dark-rimmed glasses, thin with raised eyebrows and a permanent smirk.
“Mains–Lindsey Mains,” my wife shot out before an intense moan.
“…Okaaay…” He responded like it was an Arby's drive-thru.
Are we lost? I thought.
“Aaand…you're here fooooor…?”
Are you asking us why we're here, sassy grandpa? I'll smack that smirk right off your wrinkly old–“She's having a baby!”
This must be why men are so scarce in maternity wards, I thought to myself as he appeared to play Freecell on his computer.
Finally, he wheeled her back to triage.
7:48 A.M.
“I'm going to check your cervix now,” a nurse told Lindsey as my wife wailed and writhed on the hospital bed.
The nurse whipped open the door and yelled into the hall.
“She's at ten centimeters!”
It was go-time.
Nurses poured into the triage room and kicked the bed into gear. They wheeled her away, and as she begged for an epidural, the distant echoing voice began as I drifted into a world of shock I'd never been. “There isn't time for an epidural!”
7:50 A.M.
The delivery room was dim-lit. The doctor entered on a chariot of nurses as panic set in. Lindsey's agonizing screams filled the room and the distant voice began its interrogation with me.
“Who is her doctor?
“How long as she has been laboring?”
And, I don't remember the rest.
Lindsey clung to the handrails of the bed like she was being dragged under by a Great White. The screaming had me wondering if the Great White was what she was giving birth to.
“You need to get on your back,” the voice commanded.
“Curl in.”
“Push!”
I'd never witnessed such agony. Such chaos. Such panic.
7:57 A.M.
Helpless and dull, like drifting wood, I followed the nurse who carried my baby. Her body was tiny, blue, unmoving on the scale.
“She's just stunned,” the voice said from the abyss. “Does she have a name?”
“…Yeah…”
And, in a strained whisper with a voice just remembered and tears bulging behind my eyes, I answered.
“Shiloh…it means peace.”
Shiloh Anne Mains made her grand entrance on May 26 at 7:57 A.M., after only 16 minutes in the hospital. 7 minutes in the delivery room. At 6 pounds, 14 ounces, she was born with a tiara.
Anne is a name with a depth of personal meaning. It is Lindsey's middle name (Lindsey was named after a dear family friend, Anne Foster), but it also honors our adopted sister and beloved household leech, Annie Hrapkiewicz.
Shiloh means peace or tranquility. And while it was a riveting birth story, we are at a divine peace with our beautiful baby girl.
Advertisements
GNR 47 – Literally Littoral
MP3 Audio [88 MB] Download Show URL
People On This Episode
Fabian A. Scherschel
Ice Pick Nerd David M. Nicholas
Does the Carpets
Show Notes
We're taking a month off but before we do, Fab and Dave bring you another episode packed with video games, Star Trek, Tomb Raider and mobile phone rants.
The number 47 is special.
Char's game, Divinity: Original Sin 2, is out and has garnered some great reviews already. We take a first look.
“The game received universal acclaim, with many critics considering it to be one of the best role playing games of all time.”
Fab's also been looking forward to Tom Francis' new game Heat Signature.
We discuss Star Trek: Discovery. Will the first Star Trek series in over ten years live up to the hype? Fab wrote a preview for it for heise online. Fab's also excited about the new Tomb Raider movie. She's even got the DMM Rebel ice axe.
Phones are shit. Case in point: BlueBorne.
Dave's been eyeing this Kickstarter for a fancy wet palette. And he tells us about Battlestar Galactica Deadlock.
We end the show with your feedback. You'll have some time to submit some more of it, because we will be taking the month of October off. See you in November!
THE cool-headed saviour of the Adelaide Strikers' season has made the stunning admission that he thought he'd blown his chance to send the luckless Big Bash franchise through to their first-ever final appearance.
Ben Laughlin held his nerve on Friday night to bowl the Strikers to victory, defending 13 runs off the final over to secure a one-run win.
But he thought it was all over.
No, not after the first ball when West Indian powerhouse Kieron Pollard blasted a boundary back down the ground — making the equation a relatively simple nine from five deliveries.
It was on the last ball which Laughlin thought he'd messed up.
“It's always pretty scary,” Laughlin, who finished with figures of 1-31, said of the nerve-racking final over.
“I've done that a few times at training and it comes back at you pretty hard.”
But onto Laughlin's last ball — which tailed back in to Pollard and beat the bat, leading to a single which secured victory.
Laughlin's first thought was that it was right in Pollard's wheelhouse. The sort of ball that the power-hitter can send into orbit, and certainly one which he can hit to the boundary - or far beyond it.
“I reckon that was right in the slot too that last one. I reckon I got pretty lucky there,” he admitted.
“We'll take that. It's a good win.”
The victory gives the success-starved Strikers fans a home final against the Hobart Hurricanes on Sunday.
And Laughlin — a 35-year-old Australian cricket veteran who was born in Melbourne, began his career in Queensland and has spent time in Hobart and Adelaide in the decade and a half since — got choked up when he contemplated how much it meant.
“It's pretty awesome. A really good feeling that — it's hit me, that,” Laughlin told Channel Ten, his voice cracking as the moment sank in.
Camera Icon Ben Laughlin starts to celebrate the Strikers win. Picture: News Corp Australia
Laughlin also confirmed that Afghani leg-spinner Rashid Khan would be unavailable for the final, amid rumours that the Strikers were looking at avenues to free him up.
Laughlin confirmed that fringe squad member Liam O'Connor, a 24-year-old leggie with seven T20s to his name, would join the squad to play for a title on Sunday.
“We've got a young guy, Liam O'Connor, in our team who has been back-up to Rash (leg-spinner Rashid Khan) the whole time,” Laughlin added.
“He's going to get a game now, so that's awesome. I'm proud of that.”
Scroll for more content...
"If Trump sends out an offensive tweet, I will take charge and answer him," said incoming Mexican President Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, known as "AMLO," at a campaign rally in Oaxaca. Lopez Obrador, who founded the National Regeneration Movement (MORENA), follows in the populist tradition, and vowed to fight fire with fire when it comes to Trump.
This worries some Mexicans, who see Lopez Obrador as unpredictable, prone to outbursts of emotion and quick to change his mind on issues. Sound familiar? As president, he may well be, at least in terms of temperament, the Trump of south of the border.
Lopez Obrador, who has run for president in every election since 2006, has humble beginnings, flies coach class and says that he will convert Mexico's presidential palace into a public park.
While his political plans don't have much of anything in common with Trump's, his response to critics and the media does, as well as his lack of commitment to LGBTQI and women's rights. Lopez Obrador has said that as president, he will have to consult with the millions of Catholics, evangelicals and "free thinkers" who he represents to make decisions about same-sex marriage and abortion. In response to him, activists in the LGBTQI community in Mexico said that basic human rights should not be consulted -- they should be guaranteed.
And in his 461-page plan for governing the country, LGBTQI rights are not mentioned at all, while gender equality is only mentioned once, according to a BuzzFeed News review of the document. Notably, when Lopez Obrador was mayor of Mexico City from 2000-2005, he did not promote same-sex marriage or the decriminalization of abortion.
But the similarities between the two leaders don't stop there. Like Trump, Lopez Obrador has surrounded himself with people who have a proven track record of ethically questionable behavior. For example, he made an alliance with Elba Esther Gordillo, the former leader of Mexico's teachers union, who was accused of embezzling more than $200 million and was known for her investment in a designer wardrobe, plastic surgery and a private jet. (Gordillo has not been convicted of any crimes and denies any wrongdoing.)
If you wonder why Lopez Obrador is so popular, then, consider who his opponents were. The Institutional Revolutionary Party, to which President Enrique Peña Nieto belongs, was plagued by continued failings in the investigation of the forced disappearance of 43 students, as John Oliver so succinctly summarized in his recent segment on the Mexican elections. As Amnesty International reported, officials obtained confessions via torture in the case of these students.
And there then was the issue of corruption. In 2014, Aristegui Noticias broke the story of the President's family owning a luxurious residence registered in the name of a construction company that won contracts during the Peña Nieto administration, which led to a public scandal over conflict of interest. Peña Nieto apologized publicly for the conflict of interest scandal, while simultaneously unveiling legislation to curb political corruption -- but for many Mexicans, the damage was already done.
José Antonio Meade, who was the candidate for the Institutional Revolutionary Party, was unlikely to garner many votes because of his party's association with long-term corruption. Ricardo Anaya, resigned from the National Action Party (PAN) to run as a candidate with Forward for Mexico (Por México al Frente), an alliance of a variety of opposition parties. He was a policy wonk more known for his love of PowerPoint presentations than people. And in last place we had Jaime "El Bronco" Rodríguez, the independent candidate who launched a thousand memes by promising to cut off the hands of corrupt officials and criminals. Highlighting the irony of it all, one of the most shared memes related to the candidate has been of "El Bronco" himself with no hands.
But it's not just what his counterparts lacked that made Lopez Obrador appealing. He, like Trump did when he was on the campaign trail, made sweeping proclamations to drain the swamp. In April, he said, "We are going to end corruption. It will clean up public life of Mexico, there will be no corruption and then [Trump] will not hold that idea, he will not insist on giving the impression that Mexicans are corrupt." Lopez Obrador's anti-corruption message was appealing to voters who had been worn down by the scandals and corruption from the previous administration. He is fond of saying, "Everything I am saying will be done," which, aside from being impossible, has the ring of a Trump's "I alone can fix it" sound bite.
Like Trump, Lopez Obrador has shown consistent disdain for the media. On the campaign trail, he referred to the media as "fifi" or elitist. He has also framed his politics as either you're with me or you're on the side of the corrupt mafia, polarizing the country in a way that may be familiar to many Americans.
The real question for Americans now is how President Lopez Obrador will interact with Trump and what effect his policies will have on the US. It appears that a Twitter war is imminent and that the second largest economy in Latin America will push back against Trump's dehumanization of Mexicans.
The issue that could have an impact on global human rights is if the Presidents of the US and Mexico both work to limit the rights of the LGTBI community and women's sexual and reproductive rights. The progress toward marriage equality and women's autonomy over their own bodies could be pushed back decades, leading to repression of marginalized groups.
Lopez Obrador may be the best candidate among a weak field, but his presidency is unlikely to produce a functional relationship with the US. That said, only time and Twitter will tell.
U.S. energy firms are scrambling to finish a slew of pipelines that will unleash rich reserves of shale gas in Pennsylvania, West Virginia and Ohio as the nation prepares to become one of the world's top natural gas exporters.
The pipelines are expected to boost output from shale fields in the three states by giving producers access to new domestic and international markets.
Those states could supply about a third of all U.S. natural gas once the pipeline expansion is complete, up from about 25 percent now, according to projections from the U.S. Energy Information Administration (EIA).
The network will bring cheaper fuel supplies for power generation and industry being built in the eastern half of Canada and the United States, especially along the U.S. Gulf Coast. It would also transport the huge volumes needed to feed facilities that chill the gas to liquid so it can be shipped internationally.
The construction addresses a lack of pipeline capacity that has stunted development of two of the largest shale fields in the United States, the Marcellus and Utica formations.
The lines should allow output to increase from both fields by about 50 percent in the next two years, according to the EIA. Gas from the Marcellus and Utica is among the cheapest in the country.
Among the largest projects under construction are Energy Transfer Partners LP's (ETP) (ETP.N) Rover; TransCanada Corp's (TRP.TO) Leach XPress; and Williams Cos Inc's (WMB.N) Atlantic Sunrise. Those lines will move gas out of these shale basins to markets in Canada, the U.S. Midwest and Southeast, including expected connections to Gulf Coast export terminals.
The completion of the lines will be a welcome boon for the firms and their investors after a tough couple of years. A slump in international energy prices led to reduced demand for new oil and gas pipeline capacity from producers.
ETP and other firms were also hit by a growing protest movement of environmentalists, Native American rights groups and U.S. military veterans, which delayed big ticket projects such as the Dakota Access Pipeline.
Contractors building ETP's $4.2 billion Rover gas pipeline from Pennsylvania to Ontario will hire up to 15,000 workers during construction of the line, expected to be completed by late 2017, according to ETP spokesperson.
CHANGING FORTUNES
Just over a decade ago - before technological innovation unleashed huge oil and gas supplies trapped in shale rock - U.S. gas production from conventional fields was in decline and the nation was expected to become one of the world's biggest importers of natural gas.
High prices for fuel encouraged petrochemical and chemical industries to move abroad.
Now, amid the shale revolution, the nation is producing 50 percent more gas, making it the world's biggest producer as energy firms opened up new energy frontiers across the United States.
Prices for gas have averaged less than $3 per million British thermal units over the past two years, a third of the price in 2005, and are expected to remain mostly below that level through at least 2023, based on current futures trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange.
That cheap and ample supply motivated industrial firms to spend billions to build and expand manufacturing facilities mostly along the U.S. Gulf Coast but also in the Midwest, such as chemical companies that use gas to make plastics.
Royal Dutch Shell PLC (RDSa.L) last year agreed to build a multibillion-dollar petrochemical complex near Pittsburgh to be close to the source of the Marcellus and Utica gas. It will employ about 6,000 workers to build the facility and is expected to create about 600 permanent jobs when completed.
Abundant supply has also sparked interest from many countries in buying U.S. LNG exports.
The United States is expected to become a net exporter of gas this year or next for the first time since 1957 on the back of those rising LNG exports as well as pipeline flows to Mexico.
UNLOCKING PENNSYLVANIA RESERVES
At the centre of activity in both the Marcellus and Utica is Pennsylvania, which accounts for about 20 percent of U.S. gas production, making it bigger than any state other than Texas.
Pennsylvania's output rocketed from 0.5 billion cubic feet per day (bcfd) in 2006 to 14.5 bcfd in 2016, according to the EIA and the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection.
One billion cubic feet is enough to fuel about 5 million homes - or every house in Pennsylvania.
Still, the state has the potential to pump a lot more gas as more pipelines provide producers with avenues to new markets.
At least five pipelines capable of transporting over seven bcfd from the Marcellus and Utica are scheduled to open in 2017, with five more due for completion in 2018, capable of moving another five bcfd.
Pipeline capacity from Pennsylvania, Ohio and West Virginia was around 23 bcfd in 2016, according to the EIA and Thomson Reuters data. If all pipes under construction are completed, that would rise to more than 35 bcfd.
The pipeline construction and gas production expansion mean billions of dollars in new investments in Pennsylvania and hiring that will extend well beyond the energy sector, said Ryan Unger, CEO of the Team Pennsylvania Foundation, a nonprofit foundation focussed on public-private partnerships.
“We are in a position now where we can maximize the state's resources to create good, stable jobs in Pennsylvania,” Unger said.
Some of the biggest drillers in Pennsylvania stand to benefit most from increasing pipeline capacity. They include units of Chesapeake Energy Corp (CHK.N), Cabot Oil & Gas Corp (COG.N), Range Resources Corp (RRC.N) and EQT Corp (EQT.N).
Cabot sees an opportunity in the "underserved" markets of the northeast, said spokesman George Stark.
"We'd love to see a pipeline build-out to get Pennsylvania gas to New England,” he said.
Those four companies together expect to spend an estimated$4.8 billion on U.S. drilling and well completions in 2017, up about 61 percent from what they spent in 2016, according to a capital expenditure analysis by Cowen & Co.
SHIFT TO EXPORTS
The U.S. started to export LNG from the lower 48 states in 2016; five additional export terminals are expected to open by 2020 to export LNG to large markets in Asia, including China and Japan.
Those terminals could make the U.S. the world's third largest exporter of natural gas by 2018, according to an EIA projection.
Most of the pipeline infrastructure in the Marcellus and Utica was built before the shale revolution, when the region produced just 3 percent of the nation's gas.
Those lines were designed largely to bring gas into the region - not out of it - as customers in Pennsylvania and other nearby states used gas from Texas and the Gulf Coast.
The new lines aim instead to take gas from Pennsylvania to markets worldwide.
Almost a third of the wells drilled in Pennsylvania since 2004 were inactive because of a lack of pipelines to transport the gas, according to a report prepared last year by a task force created by Pennsylvania Governor Tom Wolf.
"Drilling for gas in Pennsylvania has far outpaced the development of the infrastructure needed to get that gas to markets," the task force said in the report. "The primary challenge the industry faces now is to get the gas around or out of Pennsylvania."
(Reporting by Scott DiSavino; Editing by David Gaffen, Simon Webb and Brian Thevenot)
COLUMBUS — Kelsey Mitchell scored 23 points to become the Big Ten's all-time leading scorer and No. 12 Ohio State ended a three-game losing streak with a 78-62 victory over Michigan State on Saturday, Jan. 27.
Mitchell, a 5-foot-8 senior guard, has scored 3,098 points, passing Rachel Barham, who scored 3,093 in her career at Minnesota. Mitchell made four 3-pointers, extending her NCAA career record to 449.
Linnae Harper added 22 points, 10 rebounds, five assists and five steals and Stephanie Mavunga 20 points and nine rebounds for the Buckeyes (17-5, 6-3), whose three-game skid included losses to ranked teams Michigan and Maryland, plus Iowa.
The Buckeyes, leading by three entering the fourth quarter, used a 12-0 run with six points from Harper to go up 65-51 with 5½ minutes remaining. The lead reached 20 after Mitchell made a pair of 3-pointers and Harper added a jumper with two minutes left.
“Sounds normal to me right now,” Mitchell said when asked about the record. “We just got off a three-game losing streak, so we're just going to take this win.
“Everything I have been through, everything this team has been through (injuries, transfers). To want to be part of the program like this that has been through so much, you can't do anything but smile about everything,” said Mitchell reflecting on her continued passion on the court.
Jenna Allen scored 16 points, Sidney Cooks 14 and Branndais Agee 10 points and nine rebounds for the Spartans (15-8, 4-5), who have lost three straight.
Associated Press
Over at Canadian Tire Centre Tuesday, Alfiegate took a back seat to summer camp.
Summer camp for needy children, that is.
While Senators boss Eugene Melnyk wouldn't talk publicly about Daniel Alfredsson's controversial comments that “we need a new owner”, he did offer some complimentary words for the club's fundraising arm in a prepared speech.
If you've ever wondered where your donations to Senators-related charities goes, the group of young camp goers at the CTC Tuesday offered some evidence.
The Senators Foundation announced that more than $400,000 had been raised in the past year through its fundraising initiatives and partnerships (including the Foundation 24h Tremblant, Casino Royale and Magic of Lights) to send underprivileged children to camp this summer.
TOPPING THE MILLION MARK: The SENS Campership Program, which has existed since 2015, has now raised a total of $1.163 million.
“We just wanted to show people that their investments are working,” said Senators Foundation President Danielle Robinson. “We've reached over 5,000 youth over the last four years, so it is a big deal.”
Robinson says it's easy to forget that summer camps, as well as organized sports, are often out of financial reach for some in the community.
“We live in a fairly prosperous city and I don't think people necessarily know that one in five are living below the poverty line,” she said. “Sometimes I don't think we're aware. We're the capital of Canada, a clean city, at the top of lists of places to live, but there are lots of children and youth in our community that don't have the needs in the family to be able to go to summer camp.”
Senators defenceman Mark Borowiecki says the Senators Foundation doesn't receive enough credit for its efforts, recognizing that money was never a major issue in pursuing his dream of playing in the NHL.
“A lot of us are very, very privileged, especially in a city like Ottawa,” he said. “A lot of us grow up wanting pretty much nothing. This is a chance for kids who need it most, who would maybe not normally get a chance to go to camp.”
IN PRAISE OF VEGAS: Once upon a time, Borowiecki was a Golden Knight.
His college team in Clarkson shares the same nickname as the skaters in Vegas who are now only three wins away from capping the most unlikely Stanley Cup victory in NHL history.
You also won't find Borowiecki whining about a flawed expansion draft exercise or about a team that didn't deserve so much so soon.
“You hear a lot of people (complaining) about them not paying their dues, but as a spectator, as an athlete, I'm enjoying the story,” he said. “They've all bought in. In today's day and age, it's not trendy or cool to look at the benefits of teamwork or culture or stuff like that, because you can't put a number on it, but you've got guys who bought into that team identity. They play with pride and play for each other. Look what it has done for them.”
FLOWER WATCH: Is it just me or did the Marc-Andre Fleury of Game One look a lot more like the Fleury the Senators chased from the net in Game Three of the Eastern Conference final last season?
SELLING THE FUTURE WITH THE PAST: If you're a Senators season ticket holder wondering and waiting about whether to renew, don't be shocked if you end up getting a call from Chris Neil.
Officially named an Alumni Ambassador in April, Neil is becoming a bigger and bigger off-ice face for the organization. While he has done his share of meet-and-greet sessions, he's also making the odd phone call to try and convince fans to stay on board.
The Senators long-time tough guy — Neil played 1,121 regular season and playoff games before officially retiring last December — insists he's not afraid of the tough questions. He says he provides honest answers.
STICKHANDLING AROUND THE QUESTION: Mayor Jim Watson has a long history as a politician and clearly doesn't want to get caught in a lie. He certainly tip-toed when Postmedia's Jon Willing asked him Tuesday whether he had talked to Alfredsson about the Senators' ownership. “I have a lot of conversations with a lot of people and I don't obviously divulge those conversations. I really was very proud to have Alfie at my kickoff and have his support.”… Alfredsson being in Watson's corner serves as a reminder of when the Senators' captain ran for Mayor himself back in 2010. That ‘campaign' lasted only a few hours before the world caught on to the April Fool's Day joke. When reminded of that when Alfredsson's jersey was retired in December, 2016, Watson said, “He would have won in a landslide, no question about it.”
kwarren@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/Citizenkwarren
April 24 (UPI) -- The U.S. Supreme Court ruled Tuesday that foreign corporations cannot be sued in U.S. court for violations of international law.
The 5-4 ruling is a loss for about 6,000 foreign victims of terrorist attacks in Israel and Gaza, who accused Jordan-based Arab Bank of using its New York branch to distribute millions to terrorists and their families.
While many victims had wanted to sue the bank in U.S. court, the high court Tuesday disagreed with the legality of the prospect.
"Courts are not well suited to make the required policy judgments that are implicated by corporate liability in cases like this one," Justice Anthony Kennedy wrote in the court's lead opinion.
Justice Sonia Sotomayor, writing for the dissenting group, argued the ruling lets companies benefit from corporate status "without having to shoulder attendant fundamental responsibilities."
"The unique power that corporations wield can be used both for good and for bad," Sotomayor wrote. "Just as corporations can increase the capacity for production, so, too, some can increase the capacity for suffering."
After the high court said in 2013 the Alien Tort Statute does not apply to conduct beyond U.S. borders, lower courts dismissed 70 percent of the 40 pending cases.
With the Dunlop MSA British Touring Car Championship returning for rounds four, five and six this weekend at Donington Park. Team Shredded Wheat Racing with Gallagher hope that this is the circuit to kick off their 2018 silverware collection following a topsy-turvy meeting at Brands Hatch earlier this month.
The damp conditions played havoc with the assured competitive nature of the Motorbase prepared Ford Focus RS, therefore Brands Hatch was seen as a bit of a disappointment for the team during both qualifying and the races. The highest placed finish over the weekend went the way of Tom Chilton who finished fifth at the first race of the day.
Considering the success that Motorbase have had previously at Donington where they have scored victories in 2011, 2012 and 2016, the team is confident that the trend for good results at the circuit will continue.
Oly Collins Team Manager commented on why he believed the team should have a better weekend than they did at Brands, “On paper, Donington should suit the RS better than the Brands Indy circuit.
“It's a little faster and the aero and chassis improvements that we've made to the Focus should make a big difference there.
“We went well at the media day test last month and it's been a happy hunting ground for us in the past, so we're aiming to continue that trend this weekend and hopefully bag ourselves some new silverware to take home on Sunday night!”
Chilton also echoed these sentiments, “I was second fastest there on media day and we showed at Brands Hatch that we have the pace to be challenging for wins.
“I can't wait to shake off the run of bad luck we had at Brands Hatch and get our championship challenge off the ground this weekend.”
Whilst James Cole, driver of the #20 Focus RS is assured by the speed shown by the car during the early stages of this year, “I think the pace we've shown so far during pre-season and also at Brands demonstrates the potential of where we should be.
“We've reset after the bad luck we had during the opening rounds and it's time to show what were capable of this weekend.”
By: Zoe Kolker, Columnist
Over the past few semesters the Sexual Assault Peer Educators (SAPEs) have focused on creating events and tabling that concentrate primarily on sex positivity. Which, in case you're not familiar with the term, is the idea that sex, as long it is mutually consensual, is a positive and normal practice that should be celebrated instead of viewed as a taboo. It's important to spread this message because being open to talking about sex can help build more consensual and mutually pleasurable sexual interactions.
BDSM is a great topic to cover when discussing sex positivity. BDSM refers to erotic/sexual practices such as role playing, bondage, domination and submission, masochism, etc. The BDSM community is made up of a diverse group of people who participate in a range of these activities, while emphasizing that the nature of these acts should be safe, sane, and consensual. Within the community, there's also an emphasis on negotiation. This requires open discussion on what each partner is interested in, what they want to try, and what they would not be open to doing. Many people were introduced to BDSM through the popularity of “50 Shades of Grey”and its upcoming sequel. I bring this up because it is important to note that this movie shows many signs of an unhealthy relationship and is not an accurate representation of the BDSM community. It is not an accurate depiction of sex positivity. It is critical to remember that both parties involved in any type of sexual activity should be experiencing something that is both pleasurable and safe. Even if you're not a part of the BDSM community, you can still use negotiation and an open dialogue with your partner to help have more pleasurable sex. Try sitting down with your partner and discussing what interests you or what boundaries you want to set.
Join SAPE Feb. 23 at 6:00 p.m. for a Sex Positive Movie Night in West Village Commons Ballroom C, where we'll be screening “Magic Mike XXL.”
NFL Broadcaster Cris Collinsworth discusses his company Pro Football Focus and the increasing role data and analytics are playing in the sport. He also gives his take on why the New England Patriots have become such a successful team. Plus, why NASCAR is in need of new stars as Dale Earnhardt Jr. prepares for retirement.
Is it really just a movie, or are we all actually stuck in the same time loop? No matter how hard young reporters try to find a new angle, or how much their editors demand one, it is near impossible, and we all end up reading the same story, year after year.
Like the main character in the film, most journalists are unlikely to be enthusiastic about the assignment, yet editors everywhere keep sending reporters into the breach.
Once in a while, of course, someone comes up with something brilliant, lyrical, philosophical, poignant and profound, and to them we owe our great thanks.
But mostly it's just another weather story dressed up as, well, a story about a furry mammal somehow predicting when winter will end.
Which brings us back to everyone's favourite topic.
Especially in Canada, where we have such swings, the weather seems always on our minds, for good reasons and bad, and always part of the conversation.
How many times Friday did you discuss the weather? In the elevator, at the water cooler? Did you check the latest report before making weekend plans? Or did you just absorb it by osmosis, whether you read about Willie or not?
Meanwhile, no season defines Canadians better than winter. No season is deeper into our bones. No season is worth more talk, more consternation, and more news. No story is more difficult to write creatively than a weather update.
No wonder we still love Willie, even after all these years.
Paul Berton is editor-in-chief of The Hamilton Spectator and thespec.com. You can reach him at 905-526-3482 or pberton@thespec.com
March 31 U.S. Physical Therapy Inc:
* U.S. Physical Therapy provides update on form 10-k filing and announces increase in quarterly dividend
* Increases quarterly dividend by 18 percent to $0.20per share
* U.S. Physical Therapy- filing of annual report on form 10-k for year ended Dec 31, 2016 will not occur until after extended March 31, 2017 deadline Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Angel Dad Juan Piña shared his advice for President Donald Trump during Thursday's Breitbart News Tonight interview with co-hosts Rebecca Mansour and Joel Pollak: “Don't give in to the Democrats” by supporting amnesty for 1.8 million illegal aliens.
Piña, a California resident and member of the Remembrance Project, lost his 14-year-old daughter, Christy, 28 years ago. In February 1990, Christy was kidnapped, raped, sodomized, and murdered by an illegal alien from Mexico who had been arrested twice and released twice on bond for kidnapping, raping, and murdering two other 14-year-old American girls in separate incidents three years prior to Christy's death.
The illegal alien who murdered Piña's daughter had been arrested twice previously for kidnapping and raping underage girls, subsequently fleeing to Mexico both times following release on bail. Piña shared some details of the victimization of his daughter.
“Christy had just turned 14 when she was found murdered in an artichoke field in Castroville,” said Piña. “She had been strangled, stabbed, raped, and sodomized, and he threw her nude body into an artichoke field. This person that did it, back in '87, this person had kidnapped a 14-year-old girl and kidnapped and raped her and sodomized her and tortured. He got put in jail, got out on a $5,000 bail in July. He got out on bail, left, went back to Mexico. In September of the same year, 1987, he came back, and he kidnapped another one. He did the same thing, just a little bit worse, and again, he got put in jail, and again, he got out on bail, and he took off to Mexico, and then he came back, and that's when he got Christy. He kidnapped Christy, and that's when he murdered Christy.”
Piña advised Trump to resist political pressures to extend amnesty to illegal aliens.
“I would tell him, ‘Don't give in,'” said Piña. “Don't give in to the Democrats. Stick to your guns and you're gonna be fine … because in the end, they're going to throw you under the bus anyway. Regardless what you do, they're going to throw you under the bus. Don't give in to their threats because they're going to throw you under the bus in the end anyway, no matter what you do.”
Despite Piña's opposition to Trump's amnesty offer on Capitol Hill, he expressed enduring support for the president.
“I don't support what [Donald Trump is] doing [with amnesty], but I'll still vote for the man,” said Piña. “He's done a lot of great things. The Democrats – what they want is the vote, for sure. I thought it was pretty generous what [Donald Trump] was doing. He could've just said, ‘You know what? Shut the government down. Let's not give amnesty to anybody [and] send them all home.' He could've said that, but he didn't, and still, they're not happy. They just can't stand the man, and that's all there is to it because he's stirring that pot of soup, believe me, and it was getting stuck down at the bottom, and he's getting all the shit up, and they don't like it – none of them. He's got a lot of people against him, but then, he's got a lot of people that are with him.”
“They come over here, and they disrespect us,” said Piña, sharing his observations of illegal immigrants in his hometown of Castroville, California. “We're feeding them. We're doing everything possible: free education, free health care. I live in a town with about three or four thousand [illegal immigrants] in this little farm community, and they're all on food stamps, welfare. They have better cars than we do. They work under two social security numbers. I see it. Then, they show us their checks. I'm in with these people here; I see all this.”
America's cohort of illegal immigrants contains “a lot of bad people” and “riffraff,” said Piña. Such undesirables, he added, are being protected by Democrats and the broader left within “sanctuary cities.”
“These people are being protected by sanctuary cities,” said Piña. “It's hard for us, for me, and the rest of the [Angel] parents. It's hard for us to take what's going on with the government: giving them amnesty, doing all this. It's hard for us because there's a lot of bad people there. I don't see the idea of giving them amnesty or the DACA thing. There's a lot of riffraff in that, and that had to be dealt with.”
In August 2015, Trump described “bad hombres and bad dudes” among illegal immigrants as a threat to national security.
The political apparatus ignored Angel families until the rise of Donald Trump, said Piña.
“For 27 years, we had nothing,” Piña stated. “Nobody ever wanted to do anything about this – never even mentioned it. Nobody wanted to discuss it. Nobody wanted to do anything, but when Trump got in there, he started mentioning it. He started bringing this out about the illegal immigrants.”
Mansour invited Piña to address left-wing and partisan Democrat derision of Trump as a “racist.”
“There's a lot of talk about, that Donald Trump is racist because of the crackdown on illegal immigration and illegal immigration crime,” said Mansour. “Now, you are obviously of Hispanic descent, and so is Christy. How do you view these people that say that this is somehow a racial issue?”
“This is not a racist thing,” replied Piña. “The man is not a racist. I was interviewed by him. … I went to Houston with The Remembrance Project and I met [then-candidate Donald Trump], and we sat here next to each other, and we talked. I've talked to him a couple of other times. The man is not a racist. There's nothing. These people who say he's a racist, they need to get a check because there's no racist thing about it.”
Breitbart News Tonight airs Monday through Friday on SiriusXM's Patriot channel 125 from 9:00 p.m. to midnight Eastern (6:00 p.m. to 9:00 p.m. Pacific).
LISTEN:
Follow Robert Kraychik on Twitter @rkraychik.
OHL Mexico to buyback shares after takeover bid
MEXICO CITY, June 14 OHL Mexico, a unit of Spanish construction group OHL, said it would launch a share buyback on Thursday, offering 27 pesos per share after agreeing to a takeover by IFM Global Infrastructure Fund, the company said on Wednesday.
[India], Dec 11 (ANI): The person accused of molesting actress Zaira Wasim, has been sent to police custody till December 13.
In a trial that took place today, the Police demanded a 14 day-custody of the accused citing that it needed to investigate the characteristic background of the accused, check if he is a repeat offender and verify his basic credentials.
The defendant argued that he was sleeping, and thus had no intention of molesting the actress. The accused also alleged that he was raided and arrested from his residence without any notice, and that he should have been given notice to join the investigation.
Earlier in the day, the wife of the accused passenger denied the allegation and said her husband's foot was kept on the armrest but not with an intention to harass. The accused was yesterday arrested by Mumbai's Sahar Police and was today brought before the court. The incident came to light when Zaira shared the ordeal she had to go through in an Instagram story. Hours after the actress made the allegation, the Air Vistara apologised and said they had zero tolerance for such behaviour. The airline authorities also ordered an investigation into the matter and said they were talking to its crew and reaching out to fellow passengers to "understand the incident at greater length." Taking cognisance of the matter, Minister of State for Civil Aviation Jayant Sinha said that the accused passenger would be put on the no-fly list if the allegations were found to be true. (ANI)
MOSCOW (Sputnik) - The US Justice Department (DOJ) will face "no changes" following the release of a memo by Republicans in the US House of Representatives regarding alleged abuses committed by the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) and the DOJ within the Russian probe, White House Deputy Press Secretary Raj Shah said.
"I'm saying it on behalf of the White House, and that's that no changes are going to be made at the Department of Justice… We fully expect Rod Rosenstein to continue on as the deputy attorney general," Shah told CNN.
Following the publication of the memo on Friday, US President Donald Trump refused to say whether he would dismiss the top Justice Department official. Senior US Senate and House Democrats said in a letter to Trump that if he uses the Republican memo to fire Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein or stop the investigation of Special Counsel Robert Mueller, it will be viewed as obstruction of justice.
© AFP 2018/ YURI GRIPAS US Congress Releases Republican Memo Alleging FBI Abuse of Power
The memo accuses FBI and Justice Department officials of political bias against President Donald Trump in their investigation of Russian alleged interference in the 2016 presidential election and possible collusion with the Trump campaign. According to the memo, FBI and DOJ staff also abused surveillance laws in the investigation of Trump campaign.
The memo, in particular, revealed that Rosenstein had approved at least one Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) application for former Trump campaign adviser Carter Page in order to find any potential ties between Trump campaign and Russia.
READ MORE: Memo on FBI, DOJ Violations 'Destroyed Trust' in Intelligence Community — Comey
Opposition Democrats prepare their own document, in which they plan to accuse the Republicans of attacking special services and question the methods of Republicans' work. Speaking further, Shah said that Trump, in general, was not against publishing the report.
Mary Marcella Weide, 99, Topeka, Kansas, formerly of Great Bend, passed away on Thursday, March 15, 2018 at Topeka Presbyterian Manor. Mary was born May 15, 1918, at Spearville, to William and Anna (Tully) Fleming.
Mary is survived by her children, Jan Funnell (Kevin), John Weide, Joe Weide (Melissa) and Jay Weide (Shawn); seven grandchildren; 18 great-grandchildren; seven great-great-grandchildren; sister, Ermalee Newby; and sister-in-law, Kathy Snyder.
Mass of Christian Burial will be celebrated at 10 a.m. Thursday, March 22nd at Most Pure Heart of Mary Catholic Church, 3601 SW 17th Street, Topeka KS 66604.
Rosary will be prayed at 11 a.m. Friday, March 23rd, at Bryant Funeral Home, 1425 S Patton Road, Great Bend, KS 67530, with burial to follow in Great Bend Cemetery, 4500 Broadway Ave, Great Bend, KS 67530.
In lieu of flowers, memorial contributions are suggested to Most Pure Heart of Mary Church, or Prince of Peace Parish, sent in care of Kevin Brennan Family Funeral Home, 2801 SW Urish Road, Topeka KS 66614, or Bryant Funeral Home, 1425 S Patton Road, Great Bend, KS 67530.
Condolences may be sent and notice viewed at www.bryantfh.net
Arrangements by Bryant Funeral Home
1425 Patton Road Great Bend, Kansas 67530
VOL. 41 | NO. 6 | Friday, February 10, 2017
BRUSSELS (AP) — The European Union's parliament approved a trade deal with Canada on Wednesday, extolling the pact as a sign of cooperation at a time when many political forces, including U.S. President Donald Trump's administration, are trying to halt globalization.
After three hours of debate on Wednesday and years of negotiations preceding that, the legislature approved the deal by a margin of 408 for, 254 against with 33 abstentions, allowing for its provisional entry into force.
The vote should close the drawn-out approval process across the 28 member states, where some governments and legislations had tried to modify or scupper the deal. The Netherlands could conceivably still block the deal if it demands an advisory national referendum.
The vote for a major trade agreement comes at a time when populist parties in Europe and Trump in the U.S. have been looking increasingly inward. Trump has nixed a trade deal with Pacific countries and floated the idea of tariffs on imports.
"President Trump has given us another good reason to intensify our links with Canada — while Trump introduces tariffs, we are not only tearing them down but also setting the highest progressive standards," said Guy Verhofstadt, the leader of the ALDE liberal group.
EU Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker called it "an important milestone" and said "EU companies and citizens will start to reap the benefits the agreement offers as soon as possible."
Confident the deal would pass, Canadian International Trade Minister Francois-Philippe Champagne was already in Strasbourg and Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is set to address the legislature on Thursday.
The deal will drop barriers between the EU's economy of half a billion people and Canada's 35 million. Trade between the two sides amounts to more than 60 billion euros ($63 billion) a year, and the EU expects the so-called CETA deal to boost this by 20 percent by removing almost all tariffs.
Critics say it could dilute standards for food safety or labor rights by giving more power to big corporations.
Outside the EU parliament, concerns about the deal's implications were palpable among activists and protesters.
"What will happen is more and more deregulation, less social protection for citizens, for small companies, for independent workers," said Maika Fernandes, who had traveled from Alicante, southern Spain. "No one will be able to compete with the multinationals. It will be a financial Europe that will favor only big multinationals."
EU trade chief Cecilia Malmstrom tried to assuage those concerns saying it "will not change food safety standards or any other EU requirements. Only the EU institutions can do that."
The deal was approved because three of the four major groups in the EU parliament backed it — the EPP Christian Democrats, the ECR Conservatives and the ALDE liberals. The far-right and far-left and a sizable part of the socialist S&D group opposed it.
___
AP video journalist Oleg Cetinic contributed from Strasbourg, France.
[India], June 15 (ANI): Principal Advisor to the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC), E. Sreedharan on Thursday said he wasn't disappointed over not sharing the dais with Prime Minister Narendra Modi during the Kochi Metro's inauguration ceremony on Saturday, and added that the security of Prime Minister Narendra Modi was paramount.
Popularly known as the 'Metro Man', Sreedharan was inspecting a newly constructed metro station in the city.
"Don't make it into controversy. The security of the Prime Minister is more important. We must follow what the security agency says. I am not at all disappointed," he said.
Reportedly, Sreedharan's name does not feature in the list of dignitaries who will be on the dais when Prime Minister Modi inaugurates the Kochi Metro on Saturday. The Kerala Government has written to the Prime Minister's Office and urged it to reconsider the decision. The state government gave a list of 17 people who it wanted to share the dais with the Prime Minister. The list included Sreedharan, Chennithala, Thomas and Chief Secretary Nailin Netto, among others. However, as per the PMO's release Governor P. Sathasivam, Union Urban Development Minister Venkaiah Naidu, Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan, Kerala's Transport Minister Thomas Chandy, local MP K.V. Thomas, and Kochi Mayor Soumini Jain will be attending the event. Besides them, Prime Minister Modi and Union Minister Venkaiah Naidu are likely to address the function. (ANI)
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
During a tour of the Baltic states, Sens. John McCain (R-AZ) and Lindsey Graham (R-SC) called for tougher sanctions against Russia Sunday over hacking allegations.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
“We will be working for much tougher sanctions against Russia,” McCain said. “They attacked the United States of America. The hacking was an attack and it should be treated as such.”
“We strongly urge our colleagues to enact more meaningful and stronger sanctions against Russia because of their attack,” he added.
Graham said he hopes to “make 2017 a year of offense.”
He said in front of reporters, “We believe that [Vladimir] Putin has hacked into our elections in America, that he's trying to undermine democracy all over the world, and it's time for new sanctions to hit him hard.”
(h/t RCP Video)
Follow Trent Baker on Twitter @MagnifiTrent
Moy Tír Na nÓg 1-10
Michael Glaveys 0-7
Kevin O'Brien reports from Croke Park
SEAN CAVANAGH MADE a victorious return to Croke Park as Moy Tír Na nÓg became the first Tyrone side since Cookstown Fr. Rocks in 2013 to lift the All-Ireland intermediate club football title.
Source: Ken Sutton/INPHO
Cavanagh won a hat-trick of All-Ireland titles with Tyrone during a stellar career and slotted over five frees during Moy's club success this afternoon. It's likely to be his final game at the historic venue.
His younger brother Colm stamped his class all over this encounter with a man-of-the-match display at midfield, while Harry Loughran and Ryan Coleman also impressed for the winners.
This victory in front of 6,756 supporters was built on an extremely solid defensive unit, but Michael Glaveys full-forward Andrew Glennon gave an exhibition of long-range shooting and finished with six points, including two from play.
For a club that has produced four footballers with 11 All-Stars between them – Plunkett Donaghy, Philip Jordan, Colm Cavanagh and Sean Cavanagh – success hasn't been a regular visitor to Moy prior to this campaign.
Source: Ken Sutton/INPHO
They were a senior club in Tyrone for much of the last two decades but fell to the intermediate grade in 2015. Months after Sean Cavanagh retired from inter-county duty, Moy produced a series of gutsy victories win their first adult title since 1982. Ulster and All-Ireland titles have followed to cap off a special season for the club.
Michael Glaveys, the club of the late Roscommon legend Dermot Earley, are based in the rural north-west of the county. They were relegated to junior ranks in the county in 2009, but achieved promotion back to intermediate in 2014. They'll be a senior club in Roscommon later this year, which will do little to soften the blow of losing today's decider.
Moy went with the tactics that have served when well on their run to the final. Similar to his role with Tyrone, Colm Cavanagh dropped from midfield to his full-back line when Moy were defending, while Niall Conlon played as a full-time sweeper.
The Roscommon side needed to avoid going behind early on, but within 30 seconds Moy had the ball in the net. Tom Loughran found his namesake Harry with a long ball inside and the latter made no mistake from close range.
Andrew Glennon kicked a superb point for Glaveys in the 11th minute, but they didn't score for the remainder of the half. A fine Eunan Deeney 45 and a pair of frees from Cavanagh left the Ulster champions seven ahead at the interval.
Source: Ken Sutton/INPHO
The floodlights turned on for the second half, Glennon curled over five fine frees for the Roscommon club to bring them to within four points by the 58th minute. Glaveys had earlier lost Caoileann Fitzmaurice to a red card midway through the half for an off the ball incident.
Moy played on the counter attack late on as Glaveys chased a goal, with Sean Cavanagh (free) and Duffy on the scoresheet. Glaveys had a late goal chance cleared off the line by Moy full-back Tomas McNicholl, and the final whistle sounded soon after to crown the Tyrone men champions.
Scorers for Moy Tír Na nÓg: Sean Cavanagh 0-5 (0-5f), Ryan Coleman 0-2, Harry Loughran 1-0, Eunan Deeney 0-1 (0-1 45), Harry Loughran 0-1, Conall Duffy 0-1.
Scorers for Michael Glaveys: Andrew Glennon 0-6 (0-4f), Stephen Comer 0-1.
Moy Tír Na nÓg
1. Nathan Brady
4. Thomas Conlon
3. Tomas McNicholl
2. Patrick Mackle
6. Niall Conlon
17. Adam Currie
5. Mark Gribbin
7. Eunan Deeney
8. Colm Cavanagh
10. Declan Conroy
20. Emmett Rafferty
9. Tom Loughran
13. Ryan Coleman
14. Sean Cavanagh
11. Harry Loughran
Subs
15. Conall Duffy for Conroy (52)
18. Aaron Donaghy for Rafferty (59)
21. Karol McQuade for Coleman (61)
28. Diarmuid McKeown for Currie (63)
29. Kris Kavanagh for Deeney (63)
23. Ryan O'Neill for Conlon (65)
Michael Glaveys
1. Darren O'Malley
4. Liam Cregg
3. Shane O'Malley
10. Tom Murphy
7. David Frayne
5. Gary Patterson
2. Neil Morris
9. John Finan
8. Caoileann Fitzmaurice
6. Conor Hussey
11. Stephen Comer
12. Dylan Ruane
13. Ryan Coleman
14. Andrew Glennon
15. Conall Duffy
Subs
20. Tiernan Murphy for Heneghan (20)
19. James Brennan for Ruane (ht)
18. Sean Markham for Cregg (64)
Referee: Brendan Cawley (Kildare)
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ALSIP, Ill. – Police shot and killed a pit bull that mauled a 77-year-old woman to death in the yard of a suburban Illinois home Monday afternoon, according to WGN.
Officers responded to Komensky Ave and 116th St in Alsip after a young man walking his dog saw the attack and called police.
When they arrived, police say the dog was still aggressive and they were forced to shoot it. Officers tried to give the woman first aid but it was too late. Police said the woman lived at that address and that the 6-year-old pit bull was a pet in the home.
"It was pretty horrific," Alsip Deputy Chief Shawn Schuldt told Alsip Patch. "If I go through the rest of my career without seeing something like this, that would be a good thing. I feel extremely bad for the family and we offer them our condolences."
Schuldt said the dog appeared well cared for and that the department had never received any prior calls from residents or neighbors reporting the animal behaving aggressively.
No word yet if anyone else was at the home when the attack happened.
The criminal case was opened in 2012, but the investigation was subsequently suspended. In 2017 the case was resumed, and the judge brought preliminary charges against Nicolas Sarkozy, stating that prosecutors had enough evidence to start the criminal process.
Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy was detained by French police over 2007 election campaign finance irregularities, according to Le Monde, which cited a source in the court. Sarkozy will soon be questioned as part of the investigation of the case.
According to media reports, Nicolas Sarkozy is currently in custody at the judicial police station in Nanterre.
READ MORE: UK Court Frees Tycoon Suspected of Aiding Gaddafi Sponsor Sarkozy — Reports
In the spring of 2012, a scandal erupted when it was alleged that Sarkozy had received financial support from former Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi — the French edition of Mediapart published documents stating that Libya allegedly transferred 50 million euros to Sarkozy's presidential campaign ahead of the 2007 presidential election.
In addition, the investigators charged Sarkozy with bribery, the use of an official position for personal purposes and with concealing a breach of state secrecy.
Nicolas Sarkozy was France's President from 2007 to 2012.
While the recently released X.Org Server 1.20 has initial EGLStreams for XWayland support to allow X11 on Wayland client application support for use with the NVIDIA proprietary driver, the support isn't automatically available when needed. Fortunately, that's being corrected for a future point release.As it stands with xorg-server 1.20.0, the EGLStreams support is only activated if passed a -eglstream argument to the X.Org Server for XWayland to know to use the EGL back-end rather than the default GBM-based approach used by the open-source GPU drivers.There have been proposed patches to improve the EGLStreams handling behavior while a patch posted on Wednesday would make this behavior automatic so Wayland compositors don't need to worry about passing the special argument when needed or anything else. The patch by Red Hat's Olivier Fourdan would automatically enable the EGL back-end when needed by simply checking for the EGL_MESA_platform_gbm extension. If that EGL Mesa GBM extension is present, it goes the GBM route, otherwise would try EGLStreams for the NVIDIA driver support.Hopefully this will make it into X.Org Server 1.20.1 and that point release won't be too far out for allowing a more pleasant NVIDIA (X)Wayland experience. Sadly there is nothing new on the proposed new Unix device memory allocation API front for trying to come up with a solution to succeed both EGLStreams and GBM for a path that fits the needs of both NVIDIA and the open-source community, but even if/when that materializes, it will still be a while before widespread adoption.
[India], Apr 24 (ANI): The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) on Tuesday said Congress leader Salman Khurshid's statement, where he is accepting his party's role in past riots exposes the truth behind its party president Rahul Gandhi's 'Save the Constitution' campaign.
"Salman Khurshid has revealed the truth behind Rahul Gandhi's 'Save the Constitution' campaign. He has admitted that Congress' hand is stained with blood. It is not only stained with the blood of Muslims but also of thousands of Sikhs who were killed in the 1984 riots," BJP spokesperson Sambit Patra said at a press conference here.
Gandhi's 'Save the Constitution' is a campaign against and the discrimination of Dalits and dilution of the SC/ST Act. The Congress president also launched a 'Save the Constitution' rally on Monday, in Delhi's Talkatora Stadium, where he said his party would neither allow the BJP and RSS to touch the Constitution nor would the country in 2019. Calling out Gandhi for Congress' history of communal politics, Patra further said, "Rahul Gandhi will have to answer for it, such dual politics will not do." Earlier in the day, Khurshid attended an event organized at the end while responding to a question from an audience member about the number of riots that took place under the Congress-led Central government, Khurshid said, "I am a part of Congress so let me accept that we have the blood of Muslims on our hands. I am telling you this; we are ready to show the blood on our hands so that you understand that you too must not get blood on your hands." It my be noted that the 1984 anti-Sikh riots and the violence following the Babri Masjid demolition in 1992 took place when the Congress party was at the Centre. (ANI)
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — The equipment includes an upgraded PP-2005M pontoon bridge kit, an upgraded TMM-3M2 heavy mechanized bridge, a PBU-100 mobile drilling rig, a VMLK-1 mobile sawmill, an ED-30AI power engineering station, as well as seasonal camouflage costumes, a motorboat navigation simulator and a multifunctional sapper shovel, he added.
"In 2017, 15 types of engineering equipment will be adopted for service," Stavitskiy told reporters.
GANGNEUNG, South Korea Feb. 3 (UPI) -- Choi Byung Kwan remembers the broken bridges, barbed wire encircling a beach, and wildflowers growing over landmines in the Korean demilitarized zone.
The South Korean photographer, who is in his 60s, says he knows the price of peace because he walked 155 miles of the DMZ two decades ago and took a series of haunting photographs of the forbidden area and of North Korea from the border.
His works, currently on view in a retrospective exhibit at the Gangneung Museum of Art in South Korea, are a warning about the current situation on the peninsula, he says.
"Now is the time of crisis," Choi told UPI, referring to the current nuclear standoff with Pyongyang as a sign the situation has worsened, despite the détente ahead of the 2018 Pyeongchang Winter Olympics. "South Koreans do not want to think about war."
Choi might be right.
In Gangneung, one of the two cities in Gangwon Province co-hosting the Winter Games, people were flocking to a local university stadium on Saturday to catch a K-pop concert, where they could also try local foods, including locally brewed coffee.
The coffee beans are imported, but in this city about 75 miles from the North Korea border, the beverage is served in a countless number of coffee shops with hipster appeal.
Lee Mi-na, who oversees the city's annual coffee festival opening this week, says she welcomes détente but is firmly proud it is her country that is hosting the Winter Olympics.
"I have no feelings of hostility toward the North Korean people," Lee told UPI, adding she may not represent the views of her generation because "sentiments are more mixed" in her demographic than among South Koreans in their twenties and thirties.
Lee, who is in her forties, also said living in a remote area away from the capital, Seoul, has helped her gain a different kind of perspective on North Korea, one that softens her stance on the relatively isolated state.
"I welcome the North Korean athletes," she said. "I do not think of North Korea as a country, but rather, a part of Gangwon Province that broke away."
The province was roughly divided into half after the 1950-53 Korean War, and the recently canceled inter-Korea concert was scheduled to take place in North Korea's Kangwon Province.
That Lee and younger South Koreans are pursuing refinement of the local economy in an era of affluence might be good news for older Koreans like Choi, who witnessed his country move from rags to riches in a matter of decades.
"What South Korea has achieved is a beyond-the-imagination miracle," Choi said. "I am very proud."
But the story of South Korea would have not been possible without the United States, and Choi said he is concerned people are forgetting the value of the alliance.
"I place absolute trust in the United States," and in U.S. President Donald Trump, Choi said, adding Trump was right to point out 36,000 U.S. soldiers sacrificed their lives to drive out North Korea.
By contrast, North Korea "can't be trusted" and the regime's recent reconciliation overtures are not completely convincing, according to the photographer.
"Nuclear weapons development is the problem, and after more than a half-century, the traces of a hurtful war history remains," Choi said, referring to his photographs of an eerie DMZ and North Korea propaganda billboards urging South Koreans to defect.
At the local university stadium where the opening event for a state-sponsored "Cultural Olympiad" was taking place, South Korean vendors promoting locally grown foods braved the cold weather to support the Winter Games.
Kim Gyeong-hwan, who owns a pumpkin farm in South Korea's North Chungcheong Province, said the thought of the upcoming Olympics brought a sense of pride and excitement, but added the South has hosted major events multiple times, including the 1988 Seoul Olympics and the 2002 FIFA World Cup with Japan.
"We hold these events, then we forget about them," he said.
Kim, 60, said he is not sure whether the slogan of a "Peace Olympics" will prevail after the games are over, and North Korea athletes return to their country.
"We'll have to wait and see," he said.
MP Motorsport have confirmed the signing of Dorian Boccolacci for the 2018 GP3 Series.
It will be the Frenchman's second year in the series, joining Niko Kari at the Dutch team which is to make its series debut this year.
Boccolacci was signed off the back of the strong performances he showed in 2017 in which he was a frontrunner from the off, finally claiming his first victory in the final round at Yas Marina.
“Joining MP Motorsport for my second GP3 season feels good,” said Boccolacci. “I know they are eager to show well in their debut season. The team brings a lot of experience from Formula 2 and Formula Renault 2.0. With Niko as one of my team-mates, I know we can spur each other on to great performances. I'm really looking forward to the season.”
Before making the jump into GP3, Boccolacci took two wins, two pole positions and seven podiums on his way to second place in the 2016 Formula Renault 2.0 Eurocup, hwile also taking third in the Formula Renault 2.0 Northern European Cup.
In 2014, his debut in motor racing, Boccolacci took second place in the French F4 Championship before graduating to the FIA Formula 3 European Championship for 2015.
“We are happy to welcome Dorian into our team for 2018,” said Sander Dorsman, team manager at MP Motorsport. “He showed amazing speed in 2017 – from the first laps in pre-season testing he set a stunning pace, often the only driver capable of challenging the established frontrunners.
“With Dorian and Niko, it's good to have two drivers that are well capable of achieving podium positions and fighting for victory. We can't wait to work with both of them.”
[India], Feb. 04 (ANI): A major fire broke out at Shanti Industrial State in Mumbai's Mulund area on Saturday.
The fire that broke out on the first floor of the industrial building has spread to the second floor.
At least eight fire tenders rushed to the spot to douse the flame, according to sources.
No injuries or causalities have been reported so far. (ANI)
Attorneys come under cyber-attack
Corporate companies are by no means immune to cybercrime, with McAfee's latest report indicating that it cost the global economy as much as $600-billion in 2017.
According to Christopher Appanah, claims team leader (PI and liability) at SHA Specialist Underwriters, cybercrime is also evolving rapidly with attacks becoming more elaborate.
He says proof of this is the growing number of attorney firms being targeted by one particular type of sophisticated email scam in recent years.
“We have noted a trend in the number of local attorney firms falling prey to this type of fraud. It places the firm in a vulnerable position as these circumstances do not fall within the ambit of a general Professional Indemnity (PI) insurance policy.
“The approach is simple; the attorney firm is instructed by a client to register the sale of a property. Once the property is registered at the Deeds Office, the proceeds of the sale are due to the Seller. It is at this point that cyber criminals make their move. The attorney is sent a last-minute email alleging to be from the Seller, requesting that the Seller's banking details be amended. The proceeds of the sale are then diverted to the hacker's account.”
Appanah adds that these emails are usually accompanied by a forged letter from the bank confirming the seller's “new” bank details.
“In the spirit of honouring their client's wishes, attorneys often amend the details as instructed. It is usually too late to act by the time that such a scam is uncovered, since the money would have been transferred out of the cybercriminal's bank account almost immediately after it is received.”
He says the scenario outlined above describes a typical situation that has become more and more recurrent, and puts attorney firms at serious risk should the correct type of cover not be in place.
“Since 2016 the Attorneys Indemnity Insurance Fund has declined to cover policyholders for losses arising from cybercrime. PI cover is not designed to cover cybercrime-related acts unless there is evidence of employee involvement.
“This type of scam is of course not limited to the legal sector, and professionals from a host of other industries have also reported being targeted by similar methods.”
In light of this, Appanah outlines various measures that attorneys and other professionals need to have in place in order to reduce their risks in this regard:
* Focus proactively on risk management. Professionals and firms should make a point of becoming more knowledgeable on cybercrime and scamming trends and regularly assess the weaknesses that reside in their processes and procedures.
* Call the client to confirm whether they have indeed changed their banking details. Some firms have adopted the rule that bank details can only be amended in person, rather than through emails or even telephonically. It may be wisest to incorporate a combination of innovative and proactive steps to mitigate some of these risks.
* As a safety net, firms should consider appropriate insurance cover which is designed to come to the professionals' aid if money stolen by means of email scam. With the cybercrime risks continually increasing, professionals and their firms should consider an extension to their Misappropriation of Trust Funds Cover policies. The extension is designed to provide indemnity to an insured attorney in the event that the attorney falls victim to an email scam.
“The message is clear: attorneys should take proactive steps to protect themselves and their clients from such incidents that may cause huge reputational damage to the firm and financial losses to clients which may not be recoverable,” Appanah says. “Equally, professionals in other industries should review their own PI policies and determine which cover products would help to better manage their cyber risks.”
It's Cant's second triumph in two years. Last year, Cant was the first ever Belgian female cyclocross rider to become World Champion. In Valkenburg, Cant (27) had a tense battle with Compton.
Each of them tried to go solo, but the other one pulled back. In the final lap, it was Cant who took the upper hand on a particularly muddy and tricky course. Cant broke away and stood strong until the finish. 39-year-old Compton came second, 12 seconds behind Cant. Dutchwoman Lucinda Brand came third.
The World Championships end tomorrow afternoon with the men's race. Local rider Mathieu van der Poel is the big favourite. His main challenger should be Belgian Wout Van Aert.
Gunman with smoke grenades kills four journalists and a staffer in attack on newspaper office in Maryland's capital
Gunman with smoke grenades kills four journalists and a staffer in attack on newspaper office in Maryland's capital
The man accused of fatally shooting five Maryland newspaper employees had been carrying a long list of grievances for years that extended well beyond the newspaper
The man accused of fatally shooting five Maryland newspaper employees had been carrying a long list of grievances for years that extended well beyond the newspaper
It has been another epic year for characters Stan Lee helped create, with "Black Panther," and "Avengers: Infinity War" bringing in more than $3 billion combined and "Ant-Man and the Wasp" opening next week
It has been another epic year for characters Stan Lee helped create, with "Black Panther," and "Avengers: Infinity War" bringing in more than $3 billion combined and "Ant-Man and the Wasp" opening next week
It's been nearly two months since Buena Ventura Martin Godinez has seen her 7-year-old daughter after the frightened young mother was separated from her family trying to cross from Mexico into the U.S.
It's been nearly two months since Buena Ventura Martin Godinez has seen her 7-year-old daughter after the frightened young mother was separated from her family trying to cross from Mexico into the U.S.
Concern rising that U.S. adversaries will use new technology to make phony but authentic-looking videos to influence political campaigns, jeopardize national security
Concern rising that U.S. adversaries will use new technology to make phony but authentic-looking videos to influence political campaigns, jeopardize national security
President Donald Trump is offering a veiled threat to the World Trade Organization, warning during a meeting with Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte that if the WTO doesn't treat the U.S. "properly, we will be doing something."
President Donald Trump is offering a veiled threat to the World Trade Organization, warning during a meeting with Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte that if the WTO doesn't treat the U.S. "properly, we will be doing something."
A bear with a taste for margaritas caused a stir in a California community when it took a dip in a bubbling hot tub
A bear with a taste for margaritas caused a stir in a California community when it took a dip in a bubbling hot tub
President Donald Trump has ordered the U.S. flag be flown at half-staff on federal property through sunset Tuesday in honor of five newspaper journalists slain in Maryland's capital
President Donald Trump has ordered the U.S. flag be flown at half-staff on federal property through sunset Tuesday in honor of five newspaper journalists slain in Maryland's capital
Hawaii Gov. David Ige has signed legislation that will ban the sale of sunscreens containing two chemicals believed to harm coral reefs.
Hawaii Gov. David Ige has signed legislation that will ban the sale of sunscreens containing two chemicals believed to harm coral reefs.
A Guatemalan mother who said being separated from her three children at the U.S.-Mexico border was the worst thing that's ever happened to her is at a New York City social services center to reunite with them.
A Guatemalan mother who said being separated from her three children at the U.S.-Mexico border was the worst thing that's ever happened to her is at a New York City social services center to reunite with them.
Court documents say a 10-year-old Southern California boy was tortured for days, starved, beaten, dropped on his head and slammed into furniture before he died last month.
Court documents say a 10-year-old Southern California boy was tortured for days, starved, beaten, dropped on his head and slammed into furniture before he died last month.
More than 100 homes in the Colorado mountains were destroyed by a growing wildfire, while threats and closures elsewhere in the U.S. West forced changes in Independence Day plans.
More than 100 homes in the Colorado mountains were destroyed by a growing wildfire, while threats and closures elsewhere in the U.S. West forced changes in Independence Day plans.
(Darren Lewis via AP). In this this photo taken Monday, July 2, 2018, and provided by Darren Lewis, a wildfire burns near Strawberry Reservoir, Utah. The fire is threatening a cabin that Lewis and his extended family planned to spend the Fourth of July...
(Darren Lewis via AP). In this this photo taken Monday, July 2, 2018, and provided by Darren Lewis, a wildfire burns near Strawberry Reservoir, Utah. The fire is threatening a cabin that Lewis and his extended family planned to spend the Fourth of July...
Nearly 1,700 Puerto Rican hurricane evacuee families living in hotels across the U.S. can stay there through at least July 23.
Nearly 1,700 Puerto Rican hurricane evacuee families living in hotels across the U.S. can stay there through at least July 23.
On July 4, Americans celebrate their union, rue their divisionsAmericans are marking Independence Day with parades, fireworks and, for some, a renewed sense of pride in their 242-year-old nation.
On July 4, Americans celebrate their union, rue their divisionsAmericans are marking Independence Day with parades, fireworks and, for some, a renewed sense of pride in their 242-year-old nation.
(AP Photo/Michael Dwyer). Maddie Scaletta, center, waits with friends for the start of rehearsals for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018.
(AP Photo/Michael Dwyer). Maddie Scaletta, center, waits with friends for the start of rehearsals for the Boston Pops Fireworks Spectacular in Boston, Tuesday, July 3, 2018.
After two men agreed to plea deals in a California warehouse fire that killed 36 partygoers, the focus will shift to lawsuits.
After two men agreed to plea deals in a California warehouse fire that killed 36 partygoers, the focus will shift to lawsuits.
(KGO-TV via AP, File). FILE - This Dec. 3, 2016, file image from video provided by KGO-TV shows the Ghost Ship Warehouse after a fire swept through the building in Oakland, Calif. Derick Almena and Max Harris are expected to accept plea bargain prison ...
(KGO-TV via AP, File). FILE - This Dec. 3, 2016, file image from video provided by KGO-TV shows the Ghost Ship Warehouse after a fire swept through the building in Oakland, Calif. Derick Almena and Max Harris are expected to accept plea bargain prison ...
Little Ruya Kadir was a refugee in a strange land when she arrived in Boise at six months old.
Little Ruya Kadir was a refugee in a strange land when she arrived in Boise at six months old.
(Courtesy of Recep Seran via AP). This undated photo provided by Recep Seran shows his daughter Ruya Kadir. The 3-year-old Idaho girl who was stabbed at her birthday party died Monday, July 2, 2018, two days after a man invaded the celebration and atta...
(Courtesy of Recep Seran via AP). This undated photo provided by Recep Seran shows his daughter Ruya Kadir. The 3-year-old Idaho girl who was stabbed at her birthday party died Monday, July 2, 2018, two days after a man invaded the celebration and atta...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
(Photo by Evan Agostini/Invision/AP). Ten-time and defending Nathan's Famous Men's Champion Joey Chestnut poses with 72 hot dogs during Nathan's Famous International Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest weigh-in at the Empire State Building on Tuesday...
(Hugh Carey/Summit Daily News via AP). Craig Hotshots firefighters take a break from battling the Weston Pass Fire, Monday, July 2, 2018, near Fairplay, Colo. In Colorado, more than 2,500 homes were under evacuation orders as firefighters battled more ...
(Hugh Carey/Summit Daily News via AP). The Weston Pass Fire threatens homes along Highway 285, Monday, July 2, 2018, near Fairplay, Colo. In Colorado, more than 2,500 homes were under evacuation orders as firefighters battled more than a half-dozen wil...
(Darren Lewis via AP). In this undated photo provided by Darren Lewis is where he and his extended family planned to spend the Fourth of July at a cabin in the Utah wilderness built nearly 50 years ago by his father and uncle, near Strawberry Reservoir...
(Hugh Carey/Summit Daily News via AP). A helicopter transports water to contain the Weston Pass Fire, Monday, July 2, 2018, near Fairplay, Colo. In Colorado, more than 2,500 homes were under evacuation orders as firefighters battled more than a half-do...
(Darren Lewis via AP). In this this photo taken Monday, July 2, 2018, and provided by Darren Lewis, a wildfire burns near Strawberry Reservoir, Utah. The fire is threatening a cabin that Lewis and his extended family planned to spend the Fourth of July...
By COLLEEN SLEVIN
Associated Press
DENVER (AP) - A growing wildfire destroyed more than 100 homes in the Colorado mountains, while other blazes across the parched U.S. West kept hundreds of other homes under evacuation orders and derailed holiday plans.
Authorities announced late Monday that a fire near Fort Garland, about 205 miles (330 kilometers) southwest of Denver, had destroyed 104 homes in a mountain housing development started by multimillionaire publisher Malcolm Forbes in the 1970s. The damage toll could rise because the burn area is still being surveyed.
Tamara Estes' family cabin, which her parents had built in 1963 using wood and rocks from the land, was among the homes destroyed.
"I think it's sinking in more now. But we're just crying," she said. "My grandmother's antique dining table and her hutch are gone."
"It was a sacred place to us," she added.
Andy and Robyn Kuehler watched flames approach their cabin via surveillance video from their primary residence in Nebraska.
"We just got confirmation last night that the house was completely gone. It's ... a very sickening feeling watching the fire coming towards the house," the couple wrote in an email Tuesday.
The blaze, labeled the Spring Fire, is one of six large wildfires burning in Colorado and is the largest at 123 square miles (318 square kilometers) - about five times the size of Manhattan. While investigators believe it was started by a spark from a fire pit, other fires, like one that began burning in wilderness near Fairplay, were started by lightning.
Nearly 60 large, active blazes are burning across the West, including nine in New Mexico and six each in Utah and California, according to the National Interagency Fire Center.
In Utah, authorities have evacuated 200 to 300 homes because of a growing wildfire near a popular fishing reservoir southeast of Salt Lake City amid hot temperatures and high winds. Several structures have been lost since the fire started Sunday, but it's unclear how many, said Jason Curry of the Utah Division of Forest, Fire and State Lands.
Darren Lewis and his extended family planned to spend the Fourth of July at a cabin built nearly 50 years ago by his father and uncle in a wilderness area nestled between canyons and near a mountain river.
Instead, Lewis and his family will spend the holiday nervously waiting to hear if a half-century of family memories go up in smoke because of the fire, which has grown to 47 square miles (122 square kilometers).
"There are a lot of history and memories that go into this cabin," said Lewis, 44, of Magna, Utah. "The cabin we could rebuild, but the trees that we love would be gone. We're just hoping that the wind blows the other way."
Meanwhile, a wind-fueled wildfire in Northern California that continues to send a thick layer of smoke and ash south of San Francisco was threatening more than 900 buildings.
The massive blaze was choking skies with ash and smoke, prompting some officials to cancel Fourth of July fireworks shows and urge people to stay indoors to protect themselves from the unhealthy air.
At least 2,500 people have been told to evacuate as the so-called County Fire continues to spread, said Anthony Brown, a spokesman with the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection.
Brown said the blaze, which started Saturday and is surging through rugged terrain northwest of Sacramento, has grown to 113 square miles (294 square kilometers) amid hot and dry weather expected throughout the day. It was 15 percent contained Tuesday.
"The weather is better than what we had over the weekend. But it's still hampering our efforts and it's an area of concern," he said.
So far this year, wildfires have burned 4,200 square miles in the United States, according to the fire center. That's a bit below last year's acreage to date - which included the beginning of California's devastating fire season - but above the 10-year average of 3,600 square miles.
Because of the Independence Day holiday, authorities are also concerned about the possibility of campfires or fireworks starting new fires because of the dry, hot conditions. In Colorado, many communities have canceled firework displays, and a number of federal public lands and counties have some degree of fire restrictions in place, banning things like campfires or smoking outdoors.
In Arizona, large swaths of national forests and state trust land have been closed since before Memorial Day. Some cities have canceled fireworks displays because of extreme fire danger.
In New Mexico, all or part of three national forests remain closed because of the threat of wildfire, putting a damper on holiday camping plans. The forests that are open have strict rules, especially when it comes to fireworks.
"We're just urging people to use extreme caution," said Wendy Mason, a spokeswoman for the New Mexico State Forestry Division. "We want people to have fun and enjoy themselves, but we prefer they leave the fireworks shows to the professionals."
____
Associated Press writers Brady McCombs in Salt Lake City; Susan Montoya Bryan in Albuquerque, New Mexico; Olga R. Rodriguez in San Francisco; Felicia Fonseca in Flagstaff, Arizona; and Alina Hartounian in Phoenix contributed to this report.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
200 Triathletes to Raise Awareness of Senior Hunger in Maryland
Du- Guide- Redux- lr_ Page_ 01
Contact
Guy Arceneaux
***@domain.com
Photo:
https://www.prlog.org/ 12646445/1 Guy Arceneaux
End
--Father's Day, Sunday June 18: This annualand the addedis held at thein Carroll County, Maryland. Athletes of all levels are encouraged to attend and there are many ways to participate. The two events are excellent for first-timers and experienced racers to compete in a family-friendly, enthusiastic and well-supported event.declared, "To see an entire community rally around the cause of fighting senior hunger is a powerful, positive sign of the general concern around this issue. We serve over 1 million meals annually, 25,000 of those in Carroll County alone. Meals on Wheels of Central Maryland is gratified to see such a large turnout for this family-friendly event, year after year."showcasing the scenic and rolling countryside of southern Carroll County, Maryland. The races begin at 7:00a.m. sharp on Sunday morning at the. Club Director, Tom Straehle, says, "the event gives families a chance to preview the facilities at our club…indeed, participants and their families are welcome to enjoy the club after the race is over.", Executive for, a sports event management firm, points out that, "After the addition last year of thefeaturing aand aand theare the same courses used for the Triathlon. That opens up the competition to an entirely different set of athletes. We are proud to support Meals on Wheels of Central Maryland's efforts to grow local support for this race."Athletes of all levels are encouraged to attend, there are many ways to participate. More information regarding the entry fees and procedures can be found at the following website:The Event also highlights the need to fight senior hunger in Central Maryland. Carroll County has seen steady growth in the number of seniors enrolling in the Meals on Wheels Home Delivery Program. Many athletes have begun to set up personal fundraising efforts to support the work of Meals on Wheels of Central Maryland.Founded in 1960, Meals on Wheels of Central Maryland is a non-profit organization that enables homebound seniors and disabled individuals to eat well and remain in their own homes in Central Maryland. A dedicated staff and volunteer corps prepare and deliver nearly one million nutritious meals each year. The organization also provides grocery shopping and other community connections to help individuals maintain their independence and age with grace and dignity. To learn more about Meals on Wheels of Central Maryland and their programs, visit:or call
Children with mild to moderate asthma do not benefit from a common practice of increasing their inhaled steroids at the first signs of an asthma exacerbation, according to clinical trial results published in The New England Journal of Medicine. Researchers found short-term increases in inhaled steroids did not prevent attacks in children aged 5 to 11, and may even slow a child's growth.
For one year, researchers measured benefits of quintupling inhaled steroid doses during the earliest signs of an asthma attack. This period--known as the "yellow zone"--is when wheezing, coughing, and shortness of breath first appear. "Increasing the dose of inhaled steroids at early signs of asthma worsening along with using quick relief medicines to relieve symptoms is a common practice," says study author Kristie Ross, MD, assistant professor of pediatrics at Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine and clinical director of pediatric pulmonology, allergy and immunology at UH Rainbow Babies & Children's Hospital. "Our study shows that this is no more effective at preventing progression to more serious asthma exacerbations than the use of quick relief medicines alone, such as albuterol inhalers."
All 254 children in the randomized, double-blinded study used low dose controller inhalers--"two puffs twice daily"--for a standard maintenance dose of inhaled steroid medication. When parents noticed their child had yellow zone symptoms, the researchers instructed them to use a different inhaler for seven days. Half of the inhalers were the same low dose, and the other half contained five times the maintenance dose. Across 395 yellow zone episodes, the researchers did not find any significant difference in the number of asthma attacks that ultimately required systemic steroids. Despite a 16% increase in exposure to inhaled steroids, children in the high-dose group did not experience fewer attacks.
The researchers did find children in the high-dose group had slower growth rates--averaging 0.23 centimeters per year less than children who maintained the low-dose regimen. Children with over two yellow zone episodes in a year, and children aged 5-7 were most affected. Over time, short-term increases in inhaled steroids could have cumulative effects, say the authors, but the slight difference is not enough to connect inhaled steroids to growth defects.
Ross cautions that the study did not include children with severe asthma who may be more prone to exacerbations, or children with uncontrolled asthma. It focused on preventing early, mild asthma symptoms from progressing to dangerous attacks. Parents should continue to work with their child's asthma doctor to develop a personalized home management plan that includes yellow zone interventions, she says.
Rainbow Babies & Children's Hospital at University Hospitals Cleveland Medical Center was one of 17 trial sites in the study. Other study authors from Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine included James Chmiel, MD, MPH, professor of pediatrics; and Ross Myers, MD, assistant professor of pediatrics. The National Heart, Lung, Blood Institute's AsthmaNet clinical research network sponsored the study.
With the trial results in hand, the team must now look for new ways to manage yellow zone symptoms. "Our study suggests we need to find better ways to identify early signs of asthma worsening that are likely to lead to more serious asthma exacerbations," Ross says. "We will be starting a study this summer on a way to do that using technology that collects information about the child and the environment with less burden on the family, that may help us better predict asthma flares."
###
The Rainbow Babies & Children's Hospital study site at University Hospitals Cleveland Medical Center was supported for this trial by National Heart, Lung, Blood Institute grant HL098177.
Jackson, D.J. et al. "Quintupling Inhaled Glucocorticoids to Prevent Childhood Asthma Exacerbations." NEJM. doi: 10.1056/NEJMoa1710988.
For more information about Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine, please visit: case.edu/medicine.
About University Hospitals Rainbow Babies & Children's Hospital
Internationally renowned, UH Rainbow Babies & Children's Hospital is a full-service children's hospital and pediatric academic medical center with experts in 16 medical divisions and 11 surgical specialties who offer nationally ranked care not available at other institutions in the region, including a center dedicated to adolescent and young adult cancer treatment and Northeast Ohio's only single-site provider of advanced maternal fetal medicine and neonatology services. As an affiliate of Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine and the only Level I Pediatric Trauma Center in the region, UH Rainbow Babies & Children's Hospital offers access to novel therapies, advanced technologies and clinical discoveries long before they are available nationwide. Rainbow pediatric specialists - all of whom also serve on the faculty at the School of Medicine - are engaged in today's most advanced clinical research and are widely regarded as the best in the nation - and in some specialties, the best in the world. Learn more at Rainbow.org.
Min Harmon shuts down arguments that changes in ministers' portfolio not gazetted
DPI, Guyana, Monday, December 11, 2017
Arguments raised in the Committee of Supply in the National Assembly by the Opposition People's Progressive Party/Civic (PPP/C) regarding the changes in the portfolio of several ministers of Government, which they claim are not reflected in the Official Gazette were today shut down by Minister of State, Joseph Harmon.
Opposition Chief Whip, Gail Teixeira expressed concerns that former Minister of Education, now Minister of Public Service within the Ministry of the Presidency, Dr. Rupert Roopnarine was answering questions, when his change in portfolio is not gazetted, as required.
Minister Harmon, then informed the House that this information can be found in the Official Gazette, dated August 31, 2017. Teixeira argued that this information is not found on the Official Gazette's website.
A hard copy of the gazette, which he said also, reflects the other changes in portfolio of the ministers including that of Minister of Social Cohesion with responsibility for Culture, Youth and Sport, Dr. George Norton was presented to the House.
The Opposition then requested that copies be circulated in the National Assembly.
By: Stacy Carmichael
For more photos, click on the link to the DPI's Flickr Page
https://www.flickr.com/photos/142936155@N03/
The pin mold fungus Phycomyces blakesleeanus forms a dense forest of vertically growing fruiting bodies, but how does it know which way is "up"? New research publishing 24 April in the open access journal PLOS Biology, from Gregory Jedd's group at the Temasek Life Sciences Laboratory, National University of Singapore, reveals that the fungi have acquired and re-modelled a gene from bacteria to help them make large gravity-sensing crystals.
It was already known that the fruiting bodies of this fungus sense gravity and grow upright by detecting how octahedral protein crystals in fluid-filled chambers (vacuoles) settle under their own weight. But how the fungus acquired this trick during its evolution has remained unclear. To solve this puzzle, the team purified the crystals and identified a protein which they named OCTIN as their primary building block.
Genetic information is generally transmitted vertically from parents to offspring. Horizontal gene transfer (HGT) is a phenomenon that occurs when DNA is transferred between unrelated individuals and can lead to the acquisition of useful functions such as resistance to environmental extremes and expanded metabolic capacity. In most well understood cases of HGT, however, it tends to be enzymes that confer these traits, and the original and acquired functions tend to remain closely related to each other.
"We were surprised that OCTIN-related genes are found in bacteria and that all the evidence pointed to horizontal gene transfer from bacteria into the ancestor of Phycomyces," said the authors. "This was intriguing because estimates of sedimentation show that bacteria are too small to employ gravity sensing structures. This made it clear that we were looking at the emergence of an evolutionary novelty based on how the proteins assembled."
In the case of OCTIN, the researchers noticed that the position of cysteine residues, which have the capacity to form molecular bonds within and between proteins, have become rearranged during the evolution of fungal OCTIN. Correspondingly, the fungal OCTIN crystals dramatically swell and dissolve upon the addition of chemical agents that break such bonds, indicating that they indeed play a critical role in holding the crystal lattice together. By contrast, bacterial OCTIN, which can also assemble into cysteine-bonded arrays, does so at a much smaller size scale (thousands of times smaller). However, this innate tendency to assemble suggests that bacterial OCTIN might have been predisposed to accumulating the mutations required to eventually build a crystal lattice.
The authors note that OCTIN itself is not the end of the story; when they forced mammalian cell to make fungal OCTIN, it did not form crystals. This suggests that the fungus has co-factors that are required to assist crystal assembly. Dr Jedd adds, "We are currently searching for these factors with the aim of reconstituting OCTIN crystal formation in the test tube. This will allow us to better understand and manipulate the assembly process and its products. High-order assemblies like those formed by OCTIN are not uncommon in nature. Identifying and studying these types of proteins will not only reveal mechanisms of adaptation and evolution, but can also lead to engineered smart protein assemblies with applications in areas such as drug delivery and immune system modulation."
###
In your coverage please use this URL to provide access to the freely available article in PLOS Biology: http://journals. plos. org/ plosbiology/ article?id= 10. 1371/ journal. pbio. 2004920
Citation: Nguyen TA, Greig J, Khan A, Goh C, Jedd G (2018) Evolutionary novelty in gravity sensing through horizontal gene transfer and high-order protein assembly. PLoS Biol 16(4): e2004920. https:/ / doi. org/ 10. 1371/ journal. pbio. 2004920
Funding: Temasek Life Sciences Laboratory and Singapore Millennium Foundation. The funder had no role in study design, data collection and analysis, decision to publish, or preparation of the manuscript.
Competing Interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.
West Africa outlook is brighter
The economic forecast for Anglophone West Africa is looking brighter, according to analysis by Ecobank's research team in the newly published Anglophone West Africa section of its flagship financial website, AfricaFICC.
Nigeria, Africa's largest economy, is at last moving out of recession, Ghana's growth continues to be strong, and the region's smaller countries are picking up as they shake off the lingering effects of the Ebola outbreak in 2013-16.
Anglophone West Africa, which stretches from the Gambia in the West to Nigeria in the East, is the second regional section of the website to go live. It covers six countries – Ghana, Guinea, Liberia, Nigeria, Sierra Leone and The Gambia – and encompasses the West African Monetary Zone (WAMZ), which draws together the mostly English-speaking countries of West Africa.
Data for the region shows that Nigeria accounts for an estimated 90% of regional GDP and exports (mostly crude oil). The outlook for both Nigeria and Ghana, the second key member of the block, is good in 2018: Nigeria is improving oil production, Ghana is getting a boost from an expansionary 2018 government budget and rising energy production; Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone are on the up as their recovery from the effects of Ebola gathers pace; and the positive political outlook in The Gambia is driving economic prospects.
Key factors in the region are:
* Outside oil and gas, Anglophone West Africa is a major producer of soft commodities – cocoa, cashew nuts, natural rubber and wood – both for regional consumption and for export to world markets.
* The region is an important exporter of hard minerals, including gold, diamonds, and manganese, iron and aluminium ores, with Ghana the leading gold producer.
* The region is also a financial hub, having an estimated 39% of Middle Africa's banking assets in 2015 (mostly in Nigeria). Nigeria and Ghana host two of the largest stock exchanges in Africa, in Lagos and Accra, respectively.
* Nigeria has developed the world's largest sugar refining complex in Lagos, and has successfully phased out imports of packaged and refined sugar.
Dan Sackey, regional executive for anglophone West Africa and Mr of Ecobank Ghana, comments: “West Africa is coming out of a difficult period where it has faced many challenges – recession, Ebola, falling oil and other commodity prices – but we are now back on a growth trajectory. The recovery in commodity prices, notably oil and cocoa, has given a boost to economic growth, especially in Nigeria and Ghana, lifting the entire region.
“It is essential that West Africa uses this opportunity to press ahead with the diversification of the economy away from dependence on oil and minerals, with a focus on increasing output and processing of soft commodities, improving logistics and using the region's financial and stock market leadership. Provided West Africa's governments can maintain fiscal discipline, the growth outlook is very positive.”
“Ecobank understands regional and local business customs, regulations and country-specific risks better than any other bank in Africa because we operate on the ground in 33 markets,” says Dr Edward George, Ecobank's head of group research.
I really enjoy meeting people from across North Tyneside and I was thrilled to see so many people at my Listen event in Wallsend in September.
It is a great chance to tell me about the issues that matter to you so please come along to the next event if you'd like to talk to me.
It takes place on Saturday, November 18, at The Beacon Centre in North Shields.
Last month, I got the opportunity to see the Fiddler's Green memorial unveiled in North Shields.
The beautiful sculpture is a fitting tribute to all those fishermen who lost their lives just doing their jobs.
It was wonderful to see hundreds of people on the Fish Quay to celebrate our fishing heritage and remember loved ones lost at sea.
I urge everyone to visit the memorial to see it for themselves.
Congratulations, once again, to all those involved in raising the money to create this fantastic memorial.
Regeneration projects across the borough are moving ahead at pace.
Planning permission has been granted for new homes in Northumberland Square, North
Shields, and new housing is being developed at the Avenue, High Point and Whisky Bends sites in Whitley Bay.
Next week is Local Democracy Week and young people across North Tyneside will be involved in activities to learn about what democracy means to them.
Our young people are always so passionate and enthusiastic about playing an active part in our community, and I hope they all have a great experience during the week.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
IRVING -- Raise your hand if you're tired of Tomi Lahren and Glenn Beck.
Remember when Tomi went on The View and said, "I am someone that's for limited government, so I can't sit here and be a hypocrite and say I'm for limited government, but I think the government should decide what women do with their bodies."
After that fiasco, Glenn Beck suspended then reportedly banned her behind from TheBlaze. Tomi didn't take that lightly so she slammed Beck and his company with a wrongful termination lawsuit. Shockingly, Beck didn't like that very much either and is now countersuing Tomi!
The countersuit claims Lahren wasn't actually fired for her pro-choice views, and "continues to be employed and paid by TheBlaze."
Turns out she has a "pay or play" clause in her contract that allows TheBlaze to keep Tomi off the air, but she still has to get paid until her contract is up in September.
The lawsuit also says they were having problems with Tomi for over a year, stating she mistreated crew members and made public appearances without approval, just to name a few indiscretions.
Long story short, Beck and TheBlaze say Tomi violated her contract in a lot of ways. At this point, we all know Tomi isn't the kind to play dead.
Canada has reached a populism tipping point and Canadians can no longer count themselves immune from the upheavals underway around the world, the global Edelman Trust Barometer revealed this week. For the first time in the 17 years that the Edelman corporation has been measuring the public's trust in major institutions in 28 countries, Canadians have fallen into the crisis category of “distrusters.”
The country is in trouble.
That was the way Edelman, a communications, marketing and public relations behemoth, highlighted its latest worldwide findings Tuesday at the Royal Ontario Museum in Toronto, with corporate heavyweights and a panel of worthies on hand: Gary Doer, Canada's former ambassador to the United States, Jan De Silva, president of the Toronto Board of Trade, Saul Klein, a University of Victoria business professor and Steve Ladurantaye, the CBC's managing editor of digital news.
Suit yourself, but you might want to hold off for a while before you load up the pickup truck with boxes of ammo and canned goods and head for the hills.
True enough, Edelman's survey findings will be especially disturbing if you take the view that distrust of government is always an inherently bad thing, and that such distrust should be situated in the category of “populism,” and that populism must inevitably manifest as a dark and retrograde force of the kind that bore Donald Trump on its shoulders into the American presidency last November. But hold on.
In the months leading up to the November 2015 federal election, the Environics Institute and the Institute on Governance (IOG) undertook a survey that showed one in three Canadians held a deep distrust of Parliament. Things were so bad that nearly seven in 10Canadians said they were worried that the contesting federal parties were going to somehow rig the results of the vote. That was a trust “crisis” all right. But it didn't give us a Canadian version of Donald Trump. It gave us Justin Trudeau and a Liberal majority.
Another thing to notice if you're worried about Trump-style mania engulfing Canada is that in several causes of distrust and disaffection – corruption, globalization, eroding social values, immigration and the pace of innovation – the Edelman Trust Barometer shows Canadian anxiety levels at data points well below the stress thresholds Americans have been enduring.
The global patterns turned up by the Trust Barometer also mirror the global findings for 2016 in the annual Freedom House report released in Washington, D.C. just a few days ago. The Freedom House roundup notes that 2016 was the 11th year in a row of declines in freedom around the world, and for the first time, the list of countries undergoing setbacks in civil and political rights was dominated by fully functioning democracies. “Free” countries such as the United States, Brazil, Denmark and France accounted for a larger share of reversals than in any year since 2006. The Trust Barometer, meanwhile, reports a “systemic” loss of faith in government among the citizens of Western-style democracies. The Edelman effort also more or less echoes what the McGill Institute for the Study of Canada revealed last week in its own survey-based analysis of Canadian public opinion.
According to the McGill Institute study, only about 45 per cent of Canadians would roust themselves to oppose a total shutdown of immigration, while a third are neither here nor there on the subject, and one and five would be happy to close the doors altogether. According to the Trust Barometer, about half of us believe that an “influx” of immigrants would be damaging to “the economy and national culture” of the country.
But when did this “influx” happen? The word means inundation. It means flood. Canada took in about 40,000 Syrian refugees over the past year or so, and the project got a lot of attention. But every year since 1979, Canada has taken in more than 27,000 refugees, on average. Over the past 15 years or so, roughly 250,000 immigrants have settled in Canada, on average, each year. The target for 2017 is 300,000.
That's not much of an “influx,” and this is where some of the most telling data from the Trust Barometer comes into it. It's not as wide as in the United States, but there's still a 15-point spread in the “institutional trust” levels separating most Canadians from “well-informed” Canadians. More than half of us say we don't listen to people or groups we disagree with. We're three-and-a-half times as likely to ignore information that challenges our opinions. The result, says Edelman Canada president Lisa Kimmel, is “an echo chamber effect, which is magnifying the crisis in trust.”
Distrust of conventional news media is rising, too. But then, so is distrust of “social” media. As for the “tipping point” that has caused Canada to slip for the first time into the rank of “distrusters,” it turns out to mean that Canada has dropped to a place about halfway along the 28-country scale, between the Netherlands and Sweden.
Roughly 55 per cent of Canadians appear to feel the system isn't working for them – which is atrocious, but still lower than the proportion in that category you'll find among the Americans, the Irish, the Australians, the Germans and the British, to cite a few. The French appear to be utterly miserable. Seven in 10respondents said the system is failing them.
The Trust Barometer might not tell us much more than we already knew, but it confirms the long-term general trend towards a lassitude and ennui that has been enfeebling the world's democracies for some long while now. Those trends were illustrated most vividly last year in the work of Roberto Foa and Yascha Mounk, whose crunching of three decades' worth of World Values Survey data upturned long-standing assumptions about the solidity of liberal democracies.
Ever since the baby boomers took over, fundamental democratic values have been on the decline. Trust in democracy's political institutions has been plummeting. Conventional political engagement has given way among millennials to more impromptu, single-issue protests, boycotts, and “grassroots” social activism. The Edelman Trust Barometer bears out the World Values Survey data, but some caution should be taken before leaping to conclusions about what it means to Canada.
About 60 per cent of Canadians have no confidence in the current crop of politicians – but that's about the same percentage of voters who didn't cast ballots for Liberal candidates in the 2015 federal election. About half of us say globalization is headed in the wrong direction, but that's not so different from what the globalization-boosting Liberals say when they warn about globalization's pitfalls. One in three Canadians say they'd back politicians who can make their lives better even if they tend towards exaggeration – but when has it been otherwise?
A healthy distrust of “experts,” the media, government and the business class is not a bad thing, but democracy is in a shambles the world round, and it's not going to get better by heading for the hills, or by retreating into some safe space, or by listening only to people you agree with or by ignoring information that challenges your opinions. You're a citizen. Act like one. Get out of your echo chamber.
You might be surprised by what you find out there.
Terry Glavinis an author and journalist.
Hundreds of students across the Gulf Coast walked out today to take a stand against school violence.
BINGHAMTON, NY- Diet and dietary practices differentially affect mental health in young adults versus older adults, according to new research from Binghamton University, State University of New York.
Lina Begdache, assistant professor of health and wellness studies at Binghamton University, along with fellow Binghamton researchers, conducted an anonymous internet survey, asking people around the world to complete the Food-Mood Questionnaire (FMQ), which includes questions on food groups that have been associated with neurochemistry and neurobiology. Analyzing the data, Begdache and Assistant Professor of Systems Science and Industrial Engineering Nasim Sabounchi found that mood in young adults (18-29) seems to be dependent on food that increases availability of neurotransmitter precursors and concentrations in the brain (meat). However, mood in mature adults (over 30 years) may be more reliant on food that increases availability of antioxidants (fruits) and abstinence of food that inappropriately activates the sympathetic nervous system (coffee, high glycemic index and skipping breakfast).
"One of the major findings of this paper is that diet and dietary practices differentially affect mental health in young adults versus mature adults," said Begdache. "Another noteworthy finding is that young adult mood appears to be sensitive to build-up of brain chemicals. Regular consumption of meat leads to build-up of two brain chemicals (serotonin and dopamine) known to promote mood. Regular exercise leads to build-up of these and other neurotransmitters as well. In other words, young adults who ate meat (red or white) less than three times a week and exercised less than three times week showed a significant mental distress."
"Conversely, mature adult mood seems to be more sensitive to regular consumption of sources of antioxidants and abstinence of food that inappropriately activates the innate fight-or-flight response (commonly known as the stress response)," added Begdache. "With aging, there is an increase in free radical formation (oxidants), so our need for antioxidants increases. Free radicals cause disturbances in the brain, which increases the risk for mental distress. Also, our ability to regulate stress decreases, so if we consume food that activates the stress response (such as coffee and too many carbohydrates), we are more likely to experience mental distress."
Begdache and her team are interested in comparing dietary intake between men and women in relation to mental distress. There is a gender difference in brain morphology which may be also sensitive to dietary components, and may potentially explain some the documented gender-specific mental distress risk, said Begdache.
###
The paper, "Assessment of Dietary Factors, Dietary Practices and Exercise on Mental Distress in Young Adults versus Matured Adults: A Cross-Sectional Study," was published in Nutritional Neuroscience.
April 13 Weichai Power-:
* Announcement Positive Profit Alert
* Expected to record an increase of about 140% to 170% in net profit attributable for three months ended 31 March 2017
* Weichai power co ltd-increase in net profit was mainly due to an increase in sales of company's main products for three months ended 31 March 2017
Source text (bit.ly/2oavYJQ)
Further company coverage:
By AFP - Aug 13,2017 - Last updated at Aug 13,2017
Smoke billows following a reported air strike by Syrian government forces in the rebel-held parts of the Jobar district, on the eastern outskirts of the Syrian capital Damascus, on Wednesday (AFP photo)
BEIRUT — A commando operation backed by Russian warplanes and helicopters has killed 25 members of the Daesh extremist group in central Syria, a monitor said Sunday.
Supported by regime ally Russia, Syria's army has waged a months-long offensive to recapture the vast desert region that stretches from the country's centre to the Iraqi and Jordanian borders.
On Saturday, "25 Daesh members were killed and others wounded in a commando operation by Syrian regime forces with air support from Russian warplanes and helicopters" in the northeast of Homs province, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights monitoring group said.
Six members of the regime forces were also killed, it said.
A military source said the operation occurred "20 kilometres inside Daesh terrorist lines".
The raid allowed regime forces to seize control of three villages in the area, official news agency SANA reported the source as saying.
The army has capture swathes of territory from the extremists in the province. According to the observatory, Daesh now controls just dozens of villages in the east of Homs.
The Syrian "Badiya" is a large stretch of desert that extends over around 90,000 square kilometres of territory.
Since 2015, much of the Badiya has been held by Daesh, but Syria's army has been chipping away at it since May.
Last week, the observatory said regime forces had ousted Daesh from Al Sukhna, the last extremist-held town in Homs province.
Syria's army and Russia this weekend confirmed its full recapture.
"The liberation of Al-Sukhna from Daesh terrorists opens up possibilities for Syrian government forces to launch an assault and free the city of Deir Ezzor," a Russian army statement said.
The extremists hold the majority of the vast desert province of Deir Ezzor including most of its provincial capital.
The recapture of Deir Ezzor "would largely — if not completely — mark the end of the fight against Daesh," Russia's Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu on Sunday told the Russia 24 television channel.
Regime forces have more than doubled the territory they control in Syria over the past two months, he said.
Forces loyal to President Bashar Assad are also fighting the extremists in the south of neighbouring Raqqa province.
A US-backed Kurdish-Arab alliance, meanwhile is battling to retake the provincial capital, Raqqa city, from Daesh.
The extremists also hold the majority of the vast desert province of Deir Ezzor including most of its provincial capital.
More than 330,000 people have been killed in Syria since the conflict erupted in March 2011 with anti-government protests.
[India], May 30 (ANI): The Delhi Police arrested the owner of the rubber godown where the fire broke out yesterday in south Delhi's Malviya Nagar.
The owner of the warehouse, Sanjay Saini did not have required permissions from the Municipal Corporation of Delhi (MCD) and no fire safety equipment.
The fire broke out at the rubber warehouse in south Delhi's Malviya Nagar locality on Tuesday. It was doused on Wednesday with the help of the Indian Air Force.
However, no causalities were reported in the incident. (ANI)
According to Irish Water this evening a burst has occurred on the pipeline serving the Staleen Water Treatment Plant which serves Drogheda & East Meath.
A repair crew is on site to assess the burst and begin repairs. The burst is close to the same location as the burst which occurred last year.
The treated drinking water reservoir serving Drogheda and East Meath has enough water to maintain a water supply to customers for the present.
Irish Water are asking all customers to conserve water until they can can confirm a timeline for resumption of a normal water supply.
"We will provide a further update in the morning and during tomorrow as the picture becomes clearer.
"While we are hopeful that the repair on this occasion will be achieved in a shorter timeframe we are nevertheless mobilizing our full Crisis Management Team so that we will have contingency measures in place to respond to whatever circumstances arise.
"Irish Water has approved the budget and design for a new pipeline to replace the existing lines. We are in the final stages of resolving all of the contractual issues to begin mobilization of construction of this pipeline within weeks."
THE Barbara Joseph-Paul Jones stable will make the four-hour trip from Canberra to Gosford on Wednesday hoping they're driving in the rain.
The pair have a couple of notable wet-trackers racing in the final two races and Mercurial Lad leads the stable's charge in the Bayer Interface Stressguard Handicap (1600m). He is undefeated on heavy tracks and they should be the conditions he's racing in late in the day.
GOLDEN SLIPPER FORM GUIDE: WHO WILL WIN?
THE DRAW: SUNLIGHT, WRITTEN SET FOR EPIC BATTLE
“The rain really brings him into it,” Jones said. “There will be a few scratchings, but most of the field have some wet form. He's built up an imposing wet record and he's always been a nice horse with talent.
MATT JONES'S BEST BETS
BEST BET: PIONEERING (Race 7, No. 4)
The drop in grade is staggering for this horse and all she has to do is run to her best and she should have too much class for them.
NEXT BEST: MARBLE (Race 6, No. 6)
He's a three-year-old we'll be seeing in Saturday grade eventually and if he goes through the wet ground, he's got the natural ability to put a gap in them.
VALUE BET: WAGNER (Race 1, No. 9)
It looks like Tchaikovsky will be a short-priced favourite, but Wagner proved he's a good horse on debut and should be more than competitive here.
QUADDIE
Race 5: 1, 2, 3, Race 6: 4, 6, 7, Race 7: 3, 4, 6, Race 8: 2, 3
JOCKEY TO WATCH
Just about all of TYE ANGLAND's rides look to have their chances and he's in top form at the moment.
TRAINER TO WATCH
As it often happens at these types on meetings, Godolphin always present a strong team and JAMES CUMMINGS has placed his horses accordingly.
SCROLL DOWN FOR MATT'S EXTENDED PREVIEW & TIPS
Camera Icon Tye Angland is riding in great form and has a solid book of rides at Gosford. Picture: AAP
******
“I think it's a pretty even field. He was probably a $15 chance when the fields came out but with the predicted rain coming, he'll probably be half that when they jump.”
The four-year-old, by Pendragon, is coming off a fifth-place finish in the Listed National Sprint (1400m) at Canberra on March 11. After coming home well, the stable decided to test him at 1600m for the second time in his 19-start career after he won over the Ted Ryder Cup over 1660m at Wagga Wagga three starts back.
The stable feel he is good enough to be racing in Sydney on a Saturday once the autumn carnival is over.
“In the National Sprint he got in behind the leaders and Christian (Reith) thought he'd just pop out and win, but he had to give up a couple of lengths to get into the open and he failed to make up that four lengths, but his last 50m was really strong,” Jones said.
“I'm happy to take him to the mile and I'm looking forward to racing him third up. I'd say he'll be in the first four and I give him a good chance.”
Stablemate Melberra Star will contest the Floratine Fights On Handicap (1200m). While she hasn't won for a while she's never beaten too far and has won two from three on heavy tracks and finished second the other time.
Camera Icon Mercurial Lad will be hoping the rain comes at Gosford on Wednesday. Picture: AAP
Jones said she will be over the odds.
“Her wet from is very good and she is flying under the radar,” he said.
She finished 10th of 13 last start at Warwick Farm with Kathy O'Hara on board and she takes the ride again from barrier 20, which might not be as bad as it looks.
“Kathy said to forget she ran last time,” Jones said. “She virtually got picked up and carried by other horses. She never got into clear, open space and was untested in a strong race.
“She's a bit timid and needs to get to the centre of the track to let down, so if it's a heavy track towards the end of the day then a wide gate might be the place to be. A metropolitan win would be very good for her now. She loves the distance and will be strong on the line.”
PRINCELY SUM IN SIGHT FOR BARGAIN BUY
PRINCE Mayted can take his ­career earnings to just shy of $250,000 with a win in the Syngenta Velista Handicap (1000m) at Gosford — not bad for one of the cheaper horses racing today.
Trainer Colt Prosser said Prince Mayted had done more than any of his 11 owners could have ever imagined in his 43 starts, which have yielded seven wins and 19 placings.
“The owners really want that city win on the board,” Prosser said. “They bought their shares for $200 each so he's been fantastic for them.
“They've had the best ride with this horse. I was going to spell him after his last start but he did so well and with the rain coming I thought we'd try again. He's been unlucky this preparation and I'd really like to get a win with him before he goes for a spell.”
It's Prince Mayted's first try on the Central Coast track and he's coming off a third placing to ­Isaurian when he was less than two lengths off the winner at ­Warwick Farm.
Prosser said he would feel right at home from barrier eight and ­Mikayla Weir's 3kg claim would be vital on the likely heavy track.
“He'll race well there. He's got good form around tracks like Canterbury and my track at home is a tight-turning track,” Prosser said. “He's an on-speed runner and kicks off a bend and he'll handle the wet. It (tactics) will depend on the tempo of the race. He's won coming from last off a hot speed but he's normally not too far away.”
INSIDE MAIL WITH MATT JONES
RACE 1 (1.20pm)
On paper this is a two-horse race. 8. Tchaikovsky has been racing against the best two-year-olds in Sydney in an attempt to get into the Golden Slipper but has come up just short. This is a much easier race and he'll be hard to beat. 9. Wagner is the one who can beat him. There were massive wraps on him before his debut run at Rosehill a fortnight ago but he ran into a heap of trouble and did well to run second. He can go one better here. Best of the rest are 5. Malos and 6. Plenty.
BETTING STRATEGY: WAGNER to win.
RACE 2 (1.55pm)
5. Dinnigan drops back to 1000m here and should be very hard to beat. This is possibly the easiest field she has faced but she still hasn't won in six runs, which is the only concern. Surely this is her day. 1. Baltic Success is another dropping back after he got tired late over 1100m on debut and this is more suitable. 2. Pioneer ran a nice race at odds on debut and he might be better than we thought.
BETTING STRATEGY: DINNIGAN to win.
RACE 3 (2.30pm)
Josh Parr will have to ride well from a wide gate to get 1. Plagiarist over the line but he's good enough to do it. Has had two lead-up trials and should be fit enough to race well over 1600m off a break. 3. Gresham also looks to be racing near his peak. 4. The Promise will be peaking here and off her last run she will be fighting hard again. Forgive 10. Sansa for her last run when she had no luck.
BETTING STRATEGY: GRESHAM to win.
RACE 4 (3.05pm)
1. Savacool is first-up at 1600m but only had a short let-up. Has had two trials before this run so she will be fit enough, but the heavy track is a slight concern. 2. Chilly Cha Cha was wide with no cover last time but still won and she seems to improve into her preparation so she's a big show here. 5. Improvise will love getting out to a mile and off her last run she will be hard to hold out. Will be running through the line better than most of these.
BETTING STRATEGY: IMPROVISE to win.
RACE 5 (3.40pm)
David Payne has had 1. Ready For Success up in grade and he is peaking third-up for this. He should travel through the wet ground being by More Than Ready. 2. Mazaz, by Galileo, will also love the wet track and distance. He's been very consistent of late and is hard to knock. The weight is his only negative. 3. Turnberry is very consistent but lacks the killer punch. Maybe the wet track will change things.
BETTING STRATEGY: READY FOR SUCCESS to win.
RACE 6 (4.15pm)
6. Marble is on the rise and could probably go in an even better race and win it. If he handles the track he should be too good. 7. Prince Mayted gets conditions to suit and will be in the finish. 4. Leogang is flying but this is his biggest test. There's no reason why he can't measure up. He races well when his runs are spaced. 1. Rose Of Man is a 1000m specialist and can bounce back.
BETTING STRATEGY: MARBLE to win.
RACE 7 (4.50pm)
3. Drochaid is the improver here off an encouraging Australian debut. He gets a leading jockey on and has proven overseas form at the distance. 6. Mercurial Lad is unbeaten in four runs on heavy tracks, which brings him into it. If the real 2. Social Element turns up he's a big show after racing well in Listed grade last preparation. 7. Miami-Dade will enjoy 1600m. He makes his own luck and should be in a handy position on the turn. 4. Pioneering drops well in grade, which means she's a winning chance.
BETTING STRATEGY: PIONEERING to win.
RACE 8 (5.25pm)
3. Marsupial ran behind a potential Group 1 winner first-up and with natural improvement will be the one to beat. 2. Manhattan Mist was sensational in the Provincial Championships race and a repeat performance brings him right into this. Jockey Hugh Bowman wasn't happy with 14. Workdrinks' effort last start when favourite so improvement is needed. 13. Melberra Star loves the sting out of the ground.
BETTING STRATEGY: MARSUPIAL to win.
JUST weeks after Yellowstone National Park was rocked by more than 200 earthquakes, the world's tallest geyser (also at Yellowstone) has erupted.
Employees at the park, which is located in Wyoming, USA, had reported seeing an eruption coming from the Steamboat Geyser on Thursday.
The geyser has not erupted since September 3, 2014, according to Newsweek.
“We don't really know the exact duration for the eruption at this time,” Wendy Stovall, a US Geological Survey scientist with the Yellowstone Volcano Observatory, told the news site, adding that it's possible it will erupt again.
Unlike the popular Old Faithful geyser at the park, which erupts every 35 to 120 minutes (hence the name), Steamboat Geyser's eruptions are much more sporadic.
“Like most geysers, eruptions of Steamboat can't be predicted: they may be days or decades apart,” the park tweeted.
RELATED: 200 earthquakes rock supervolcano
Camera Icon The Steamboat Geyser in action in 2003. Picture: AP, AP Photo/Neal Ulevich
“When it erupts, Steamboat reaches heights up to 380 feet (115 metres). That makes it more than three times the size of Old Faithful, and higher than any other active geyser in the world!”
The steam from Old Faithful averages a height of 40 metres.
According to Ms Stovall, there are no concerns about the supervolcano erupting as a result of the geyser's activity.
“We have zero concerns that anything is happening volcanically,” Stovall said, explaining that geysers have been erupting continuously and “that doesn't mean that anything is happening with magma underground”.
Camera Icon Yellowstone National Park. Picture: Supplied
Scientists and park officials will continue to monitor the site, however, and the surrounding area, which is still closed for the winter season, will remain inaccessible to visitors.
The park's website states that Yellowstone features more geysers (about 500) than anywhere else on Earth. In fact, there are only about 1000 geysers worldwide.
Geysers are vents in the Earth's surface that periodically spray hot water and steam into the air. They only exist in very specific conditions and are closely linked to active volcanoes.
If the Yellowstone supervolcano were to blow, it is believed it is capable of covering the majority of the United States under a blanket of lava and ash.
A former Labor minister and a potential Liberal minister still face an uncertain future as counting continues in the South Australian election.
Liberal Rachel Sanderson, who is tipped to join Premier Steven Marshall's cabinet, is ahead by 539 votes in the battle to retain her seat of Adelaide with 76 per cent of the vote counted.
She has managed to claw her way back into the contest after trailing Labor's Jo Chapley by around 100 votes on Monday.
Ms Sanderson is expected move further ahead on postal and pre-poll votes but is yet to claim victory.
"Not having a definite outcome is certainly stressful but I am very hopeful that I will be part of a Marshall Liberal government," she said on her Facebook page.
"I am currently ahead in the count with many more to count."
While in the seat of Mawson, former Labor tourism minister Leon Bignell leads Liberal challenger Andy Gilfillan by 189 votes.
Mr Bignell faces a tough challenge to keep his seat after boundary redistribution turned it from a marginal Labor seat to marginally Liberal.
While he still leads, pre-poll and postal votes are expected to favour his opponent.
If Ms Sanderson holds on in Adelaide and Mr Bignell prevails in Mawson it will leave the new Liberal government with 25 seats of the 47 seats in the next parliament.
Labor will finish on 19 and there will be three independents.
In the upper house the Liberals look set to take three of the 11 seats up for grabs, Labor at least three with two going to Nick Xenophon's SA-BEST party and one to the Greens.
The remaining seat is expected to go to either Labor or the Australian Conservatives.
Ashton enjoyed a brilliant season in France last term but has cut his stay short.
Ashton enjoyed a brilliant season in France last term but has cut his stay short.
CHRIS ASHTON HAS signed for Sale in a hammerblow for Toulon, where the free-running wing/fullback enjoyed an outstanding season last year.
Toulon released Ashton from the final two years of his contract at his own request, citing family reasons.
The decision freed the former Northampton and Saracens back Ashton to return to the Premiership, and therefore potentially open up a route back to England selection.
Toulon said Ashton was “no longer in a psychological condition to remain in France, and therefore with Toulon, because of important family problems”.
Ashton, 31, joined Toulon last year and enjoyed an outstanding first season in the Top 14, setting a new try-scoring record of 24 in 23 games.
The move, however, precluded him from England selection and there had been speculation in recent weeks that the prospect of an international recall might tempt him to return to the Premiership.
Ashton, who has 39 caps, had previously been out of favour with England coach Eddie Jones.
The Toulon statement added: “Toulon wishes Chris Ashton good luck in pursuing his sporting career.”
Sale released a statement soon after news of Ashton's release confirming they had completed a deal with the player.
The move takes Ashton back to his native north-west, where he began his professional sporting career in rugby league with Wigan.
Ashton said: “This really feels like going home. I've always thought, in the back of my mind, that I'd return to the north to play rugby and I'm delighted to be joining Sale Sharks.”
Ashton made no mention of any international ambitions in the statement, focusing on his commitment to the Sharks.
He said: “In Toulon, I've added to the experience I gained at Saracens. There are many players at Sale Sharks with whom I'm looking forward to playing.
“I'm not coming to rest on my laurels. I feel I've got a lot of rugby left in me and would like to make an impact and help to take the club back to their winning ways of 2006.”
© – AFP, 2018
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
Over the past week, Austin has been wracked with news of explosions. The first occurred on March 2, in East Austin, and last Monday two bombs exploded, killing an East Austin resident and injuring two others. Last night, another detonation injured two more in Southwest Austin. Because this is a developing situation, and an open investigation, there's been a lot of speculation—and sometimes some outright misinformation—spreading on social media. Here's an explainer of everything we know, and don't know, so far about the bombings.
What's been going on with the bombs?
On March 2, an explosion in East Austin killed 39-year-old Anthony House. House was killed by a bomb placed in a package that exploded when opened. Ten days later, two more package bombs exploded in East Austin: One killed 17-year-old Draylen Mason (and wounded his mother), while the other injured a 75-year-old woman who hasn't been identified. Then, on the night of the March 18, another explosion—this one triggered by a trip wire, according to investigators—injured two cyclists in Southwest Austin.
Who are the victims?
House and Mason were both members of prominent African-American families in East Austin. The victim of the other March 12 bombing is an unidentified 75-year-old Latina. The men in their twenties who triggered the trip wire have yet to be identified, but investigators described them as white.
Why does race matter here?
One of the big questions that people have been asking about these bombings is whether they're hate crimes. There's certainly reason to be suspicious that they might be: The first two bombs were delivered via package to the families of people who are important in the East Austin African-American community. (House's stepfather, Freddie Dixon, was a leader in the neighborhood's African American Cultural Heritage District, while Mason's grandfather is a dentist who's served the community since the seventies.) However, we don't know much about the victim of the third bombing, and we also don't know much about whoever is responsible for these explosions. It's certainly reasonable for people to be concerned about whether these attacks are racially motivated, but rushing to that conclusion without more information could terrify a community unnecessarily.
Do we know that the Sunday night bombing is related?
Investigators—a group that includes local Austin police, explosives experts from nearby cities including San Antonio and Houston, the FBI, and more—have indicated that the materials involved lead them to believe that it is. The fact that this one appears to have been triggered by a trip wire—and that it's in an entirely different part of the city—complicates the narratives around the bombings that existed before the explosion. Police also warn that the latest bombing may point to more random victims as opposed to targeted victims in the earlier bombings.
Doesn't that mean that the bombings aren't racially motivated?
We'd caution against making any assumptions about racial motivation at this point. The fact is that hate crimes are up in the U.S. in recent years, and there are real reasons to be concerned that they aren't being reported as such in Texas. The thing about not knowing anything about the bomber or their motives is that…we don't know anything about the bomber or their motives. It's possible that, despite investigator suspicions, what happened in Southwest Austin on the 18th was the work of a copycat; it's possible that the culprit is the same person or people, but that they were targeting different victims than they hit; it's possible that the bombing on the 18th was intended to confuse people who suspected that it was a hate crime. You can add pretty much anything to this list of possible scenarios that you'd like, because everything is pure speculation at this point.
Is this related to the bomb threat at SXSW?
Probably not. On Saturday, the final night of Austin's SXSW festival, one of the event's marquee performances—a jam session by The Roots featuring a number of black musicians—was canceled after a bomb threat against the venue was made. There were, reasonably, concerns that it might be connected to the explosions that happened on the 2nd and the 12th. However, police arrested a suspect in the bomb threat that same night, and don't believe that the two incidents are related. According to the Austin American-Statesman, that suspect is accused of issuing threats to other Austin businesses since the middle of February, before the first bomb exploded—and, of course, the bombing on the 18th occurred after this suspect had been arrested.
Why hasn't the media been covering this?
This is a question that's been going around a lot on social media, and, well, we suppose it depends on what your idea of “media covering this” looks like. The March 2 bombing that killed Anthony House did not make many national headlines, but the explosions on the 12th were widely reported—here's a story about them from News 12 in Brooklyn, and one from Madison.com, out of Wisconsin, just for example. After the evening bombing on the 18th, there was even more attention on the attacks—interim Austin police chief Brian Manley appeared on Good Morning America to talk about them—and, of course, local and statewide media have been all over this story since March 2.
Is this story a bigger deal now that the latest victims are white?
That's a fair question, and one that's impossible to answer. Certainly, there is a history in this country of attacks against people of color being underreported. According to a study from the Department of Justice last year, the majority of hate crimes in the U.S. go unreported. That's a study that speaks to reporting to law enforcement, rather than reporting in the media, but still, it's reasonable for people to be suspicious about how this is being reported. There has been legitimate criticism, for example, both in the U.S. and internationally, about which crimes get reported as terrorism and which do not. While there are legitimate reasons why the latest attack would prompt larger coverage—it's a continuing story, the technique used is more sophisticated, there are additional victims—history warrants some skepticism about the media's priorities, and it's something that those of us reporting on it need to keep top of mind.
The Doomben meeting has been abandoned after five races due to constant drizzle but not before the ride of the day by jockey Paul Hammersely in the main race.
A jockeys delegation went to stewards after the Daniel Bullimore Handicap on Saturday and complained that visibility was deteriorating rapidly.
Chief steward Daniel Aurisch said the main concern was two more races of 15 runners were scheduled.
"It wasn't worth the risk and jockey safety should alway be paramount," Aurisch said.
Earlier, Hammersely's decision to defy the day's trend and stick to the fence gave Tisani Tomso an overdue win in Brisbane.
Tisani Tomso has been a great money-spinner for Toowoomba trainer Kevin Kemp, taking his prize money to $358,000 by winning the Daniel Bullimore Open (1200m).
Tisani Tomso had not won in Brisbane since October 2015.
"I knew if I kept coming back he would win one down here eventually. Gee, he has been great for us and that was his 11th win. I would like a few more like him," Kemp said.
Tisani Tomso will be set on the trail to give Kemp a chance of a fifth win in the Toowoomba Weetwood in April.
"Every trainer in Toowoomba wants to win the Weetwood and it has been a great race for me," Kemp said.
He has previous won the premier Darling Downs sprint with Tellem (twice), Startell and Kempelly.
Tiasni Tomso ($5.50) never left the fence to beat Boomwaa ($3) by 1-3/4 lengths, with 1-3/4 lengths to Stella Ombra ($3.90) in third.
Almost all the jockeys had steered away from the fence on a very heavy track but Hammersley ignored the pattern.
"No one had been there all day except for the third horse in the first race who made ground. I figured if he continued to travel strongly (I would) stay there and that is how it worked out," Hammersely said
Shonda Rhimes, one of the best-known producers in television, is making the leap from ABC to Netflix. And the timing could not be more significant.
Rhimes' existing hit shows like "Grey's Anatomy" will keep airing on ABC. But she will develop new shows exclusively for the streaming service.
This is what's known as a production deal in Hollywood. Right now the Shondaland production company is affiliated with ABC Studios. But Rhimes and her producing partner Betsy Beers will move Shondaland to Netflix, where they will conceive "new series and other projects," according to an overnight announcement by Netflix.
Rhimes' biggest shows -- "Grey's Anatomy," "Scandal" and "How to Get Away with Murder" -- already stream on Netflix in various parts of the world after premiering on ABC.
Netflix wants Rhimes' future shows premiering on its streaming service, giving families even more reason to sign up and stay subscribed.
Rhimes said in a statement that she was looking for an "opportunity to build a vibrant new storytelling home for writers with the unique creative freedom and instantaneous global reach provided by Netflix's singular sense of innovation." She said "the future of Shondaland at Netflix has limitless possibilities."
Netflix is no doubt paying a huge sum of money to poach Shondaland. But the terms of the multi-year deal were not disclosed.
The Wall Street Journal, which broke the news, called it "the latest twist in a battle between Disney and Netflix for entertainment-industry supremacy."
That's because just last week Disney, which owns ABC, confirmed it will let its existing deal with Netflix expire in 2019 and go its own way by launching Disney-owned streaming services.
Others in Hollywood are plotting similar moves, entering more direct competition with Netflix, which is by far the biggest streaming service.
Part of Netflix's plan is recruiting A-listers like Rhimes to make exclusive shows.
Shondaland has had some misses along with hits.
"The Catch" and "Still Star-Crossed" both failed to gain enough of a following on ABC.
But "Grey's Anatomy" is one of the tentpoles of the network. It launched more than a decade ago and led Rhimes to take over an entire night of ABC's prime time lineup.
"Scandal" is coming to an end on ABC after one more season. But Rhimes and Beers have a "Grey's Anatomy" spinoff in the works for ABC.
"I'm proud to have given a home to what have become some of the most celebrated and talked about shows on television," ABC Entertainment President Channing Dungey said in a statement reacting to the Netflix news.
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
A Lawrence Police officer was shot in the leg during firearms training Monday at the Fraternal Order of Police Lodge in Lawrence just before 3 p.m.
According to a release from Lawrence Police, the injured officer is in stable condition at a local hospital. Preliminary information indicates the injury occurred when equipment became entangled inside the trigger guard causing the firearm to discharge.
The officer has been with the department for 2 years. The officer's name has not been released.
Ahmedabad: Congress leader Rahul Gandhi on Tuesday declared that his party was confident of taking power in Gujarat and said the BJP was on a losing wicket.
"The BJP has lost its position," Gandhi told the media, a day after he was named the President of the country's oldest political party.
"After the first phase voting in the state (December 9), we are confident that we are going to form the government here," he said.
The second and final phase of the Gujarat Assembly election is due on Thursday. The results will be out on December 18.
Gandhi attacked both Prime Minister Narendra Modi and the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) over what he said was their silence on corruption.
"Earlier Modiji used to talk about corruption everywhere. But since we raised the issues of Jay Shah (BJP President Amit Shah's son) and the Rafale defence deal (with France), he stopped talking about corruption," the Congress leader said.
He alleged that the BJP's rule of Gujarat had only helped a few.
"In the last 22 years, Modiji and (Chief Minister Vijay) Rupaniji have initiated only one-sided development here, the one only for 5 to 10 people. Not everyone has been given their due." "In the last 22 years Modi-Ji and Rupani-ji (Gujarat CM Vijay Rupani) have initiated only one-sided development in Ahmedabad, the one only for 5-10 people. Not everyone has been given their rights. Whenever I went to a temple I just prayed for a 'Sunehra Bhavishya' for the people of Gujarat, a better development here. Is it wrong to go to a temple? "In the last 22 years Modi-Ji and Rupani-ji (Gujarat CM Vijay Rupani) have initiated only one-sided development in Ahmedabad, the one only for 5-10 people. Not everyone has been given their rights. Whenever I went to a temple I just prayed for a 'Sunehra Bhavishya' for the people of Gujarat, a better development here. Is it wrong to go to a temple? "Jahan mauka milta hai vahan mandir jaata hoon, Kedarnath bhi gaya tha, Vo kya Gujarat mein hai? Whenever I get an opportunity I go to a temple. I had visited Kedarnath too. Is that in Gujarat?" asks Rahul Gandhi on people linking his temple visits to the elections. "Jahan mauka milta hai vahan mandir jaata hoon, Kedarnath bhi gaya tha, Vo kya Gujarat mein hai? Whenever I get an opportunity I go to a temple. I had visited Kedarnath too. Is that in Gujarat?" asks Rahul Gandhi on people linking his temple visits to the elections. Unfazed by the criticism of the BJP over his temple visits in Gujarat, Gandhi on Tuesday visited the Jagannath Temple in Ahmedabad and offered prayers. Unfazed by the criticism of the BJP over his temple visits in Gujarat, Gandhi on Tuesday visited the Jagannath Temple in Ahmedabad and offered prayers. According to the temple's priest Dilip Das, Rahul performed pooja (obeisance) as per the traditional rituals of the temple and sought Lord Jagannath's blessings. According to the temple's priest Dilip Das, Rahul performed pooja (obeisance) as per the traditional rituals of the temple and sought Lord Jagannath's blessings.
People with tough-to-treat triple negative breast cancer, whose tumors also don't allow for double-strand DNA repair, fare better when treated with a common adjuvant breast cancer chemotherapy combination, according to results from a SWOG clinical trial.
Published in Annals of Oncology, the trial results show that a well-established drug combination - adjuvant doxorubicin and cyclophosphamide (AC) chemotherapy - works well in this patient population. The results also show the value of collecting and preserving cancer tumor tissue. Priyanka Sharma, MD, of University of Kansas Cancer Center, and her team used nearly 20-year-old tumor samples stored in SWOG's biospecimen bank to conduct their analysis.
"Banking tissue in cancer research is a smart investment," Sharma said. "Tissue collected for one research study can be used for others, creating value for patients, investigators, and for the public who funds our SWOG research."
Sharma is a associate professor of medicine and a breast cancer oncologist at University of Kansas Cancer Center, and the vice chair of the breast committee for SWOG, the cancer clinical trials group that is part of the National Cancer Institute's (NCI) publicly funded National Clinical Trials Network (NCTN). Sharma has spent over a decade conducting research to better understand triple negative breast cancer. It's a catch-all term for cancers that test negative for three common factors that fuel breast cancer growth: estrogen receptors, progesterone receptors, and the HER2 gene. Triple negative breast cancers tend to grow faster and spread more frequently, and many current therapies aren't effective in slowing or stopping their growth.
How can physicians better treat people diagnosed with triple negative breast cancer? This question drove Sharma and her team to launch their SWOG study. Emerging evidence shows that many breast cancer patients' tumors have what is known as homologous recombination deficiency (HRD). This means that their cells have trouble repairing double-strand DNA breaks - a deficiency that can contribute to cancer. To better understand the link between HRD and triple negative breast cancer, and to test a hunch that repair-inhibiting therapies like AC chemotherapy would be effective in treating it, Sharma wrote a proposal focused on HRD, which was approved by SWOG and NCI. This allowed Sharma's team to access the SWOG biospecimen bank and use tissue from S9313 trial.
The SWOG bank is a treasure trove for researchers, holding more than 800,000 tissue, blood, and other biological samples taken to conduct SWOG trials. Sharma and her team used tissue gathered for S9313, a trial assessing the effectiveness of AC chemotherapy in patients with high- and moderate-risk breast cancers. The S9313 study stopped enrolling patients in 1997, but tissue samples from those patients remained, preserved in blocks of paraffin wax.
Investigators isolated genomic DNA and RNA from 425 of these samples, and could determine HRD status in 379 of them - an 89 percent success rate. Of those 379 cases, the team found that 67 percent had positive HRD status. After reviewing treatment responses to AC chemotherapy recorded in the S9313 trial, the team found that positive HRD status was associated with better disease-free survival. Put another way, patients whose tumor could not efficiently repair DNA damage (induced by AC chemotherapy) were more likely to remain cancer-free 10 years after AC chemotherapy treatment.
"We learned three interesting things from this trial," Sharma said. "First, we showed that assays tested in our study worked well in very old tissue samples. We also learned that 25 percent of triple negative breast cancer patients harbored BRCA 1 or BRCA2 mutations and tumors in these patients were HRD positive. However, presence of HRD was not restricted to just patients with BRCA mutations, as among patients without BRCA mutations, 55 percent also demonstrated tumor HRD. Finally, and most importantly, we learned that 67 percent of triple negative breast cancer patients - a solid majority - respond well to a standard, backbone chemotherapy combination. So, while, AC chemo is an old treatment, for many, it's still a good one. HRD status is a biomarker that, when identified, can potentially help a physician best tailor a chemotherapy treatment for that particular triple negative breast cancer patient."
###
The National Cancer Institute funded the study through National Clinical Trials Network grants U10CA180888, U10CA180819, U10CA180801, U10CA180858. Additional support comes from Amgen, the Conquer Cancer Foundation, the Eileen Stein Jacoby Fund, the University of Kansas Cancer Center and its Biorepository Core Facility, and the Breast Cancer Research Foundation.
Other members of the SWOG study team include William Barlow, PhD, of Cancer Research And Biostatistics; Andrew Godwin, PhD, of the University of Kansas Cancer Center; Harsh Pathak, PhD, of the University of Kansas Cancer Center; Kamilla Isakova, MS, of the University of Kansas Cancer Center; Kirsten Timms, PhD, of Myriad Genetics, Inc.; Anne-Renee Hartman, MD, of Myriad Genetics, Inc.; Richard Westrup, MD, of Myriad Genetics, Inc.; Hanna Linden, MD, of University of Washington and the Seattle Cancer Care Alliance; Debasish Tripathy, MD, of MD Anderson Cancer Center; Gabriel Hortobagyi, MD, of MD Anderson Cancer Center; and Daniel Hayes, MD, of University of Michigan Comprehensive Cancer Center.
SWOG is part of the National Cancer Institute's National Clinical Trials Network and the NCI Community Oncology Research Program, SWOG has nearly 12,000 members in 46 states and six foreign countries who design and conduct cancer clinical trials to improve the lives of people with cancer. Founded in 1956, SWOG's 1,300 trials have led to the approval of 14 cancer drugs, changed more than 100 standards of cancer care, and saved more than 3 million years of human life. Learn more at swog.org.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
× Cremated remains found under table at Virginia restaurant
MINERAL, Va. — Servers are used to finding items left behind at restaurants. A cell phone, a credit card, or maybe a pair of glasses.
But waitress Mandy Davis was not prepared for what was discovered under one of her tables at Mineral Restaurant on Saturday — cremated human remains.
“We find weird things all the time, but nothing ever like that,” she said. “I wasn't really sure what to do with it.”
Davis said a large party was seated at the table and found an aspirin-sized bottle that contained the remains.
Restaurant workers decided to hold onto the bottle over the weekend, in case the owner returned.
No one did, so restaurant workers contacted their local newspaper, The Central Virginian, in an effort to find the owners.
“We want to make sure it goes to the rightful owner,” restaurant owner Joe Anile told the newspaper.
The bottle was then turned over to the Louisa Sheriff's Office who planned to hold it in evidence until the owner came forward.
But using the name written on the bottle — Roberta Migetz — Louisa Sheriff's Office Sgt. Chris George did some online detective work and made some phone calls to track down the rightful owner.
It turns out a relative of the 78-year-old woman drove to Louisa over the weekend to see another relative and give that person some of Roberta's ashes. The ashes were put in a bottle with Roberta's name, date of birth, date of death, and a picture of a heart.
The family thinks the bottle fell out of the man's pocket as he got up to leave the restaurant.
“I know it was probably something he wanted,” Sgt. George said.
He planned to deliver the remains to the man on Monday.
New York Times reassigns reporter in leak probe
NEW YORK (AP) — The New York Times says it is reassigning a reporter whose relationships were examined after prosecutors seized her email and phone records in a government leak investigation.
The Times said Tuesday that Ali Watkins will be given a fresh start in New York. The Times had looked into her ties to James Wolfe, former security director for the Senate Intelligence Committee, who has been accused by prosecutors of misleading investigators.
Times' executive editor Dean Baquet said it is unacceptable for a reporter to have an intimate relationship with someone she covers. He said that despite poor judgment, no one had questioned her work's accuracy.
Baquet says the public shouldn't overlook the actions of the government in searching through Watkins' records looking for government leakers.
Sky and Virgin Media join-up in targeted TV advertising
LONDON, June 15 British pay-TV rivals Sky and Liberty Global's Virgin Media said on Thursday they would work together to offer advertisers targeted access to more than 30 million TV viewers in the UK and Ireland.
TF Sport have always been a team to watch in British GT, and they proved that this weekend at Snetterton.
The Vantage's were commanding the pace from the start of the weekend, but it was always the #11 duo of Mark Farmer and Nicki Thiim that set the pace. Derek Johnston and Marco Sorensen were hot on their heels, keeping them honest as the grid went into qualifying.
However, no one could match Farmer and Thiim in qualifying, with the duo taking pole position for both races. The competition was fierce at the front, and Johnston could do no better than tenth in his qualifying session. For the second race, Sorensen placed the #17 third on the grid, just behind the sister car of his FIA World Endurance Championship teammate.
Both Johnston and Farmer had strong opening stints in the first race, with Johnston making great progress through the field before handing the car over to Sorensen. Farmer had trouble towards the end of his stint, but his start had been strong enough for Thiim to take the first win of the weekend.
Sorensen got caught in traffic during his stint, bringing the second TF Sport car home for sixth. After a post-race penalty for a competitor, the #17 was promoted to fifth, giving the crew a well deserved boost before they set about the second race of the weekend.
The two Aston Martin works drivers had strong starts, with Thiim leading Sorensen for a TF Sport one-two off of the line. It was a battle of the WEC drivers for the first half of the race, but Sorensen could do nothing to get passed his teammate.
They pitted together, but with Thiim carrying the success penalty into the pits from winning the first race of the weekend, Johnston and Sorensen took the lead. Andrew Howard managed to get in between the TF Sport cars in the pits, and put pressure on Johnston in the latter stages for the lead. But Johnston held strong and brought TF Spot their second win of the weekend, with Farmer finishing third, making it a double 1-3 for the team.
Off the back of the successful weekend, TF Sport director Tom Ferrier said: “That was a perfect weekend really. Two poles, the fastest lap of the race, Mark got driver of the day and to win both races is fantastic.
“The last race was good with Mark getting the third and Derek driving really well, so a very good weekend for us.
“It's too early to think about the championships but the aim is to be in the hunt for the last race of the season at Donington.”
As a result of the strong weekend, TF Sport are now leading the team standings in British GT by 25 points. Johnston and Sorensen are an impressive fourth in the driver's standings, just ahead of the sister #11 car.
It is a busy month for the TF Sport team as they juggle duties between British GT, Blancpain GT Series and FIA World Endurance Championship.
The team are next on track this weekend for the Blancpain 1000km of Paul Ricard before they dash across the country to take part in the 24 Hours of Le Mans test day on Sunday.
Playing Toby's ex, Shantel VanSanten marks the spot in this exclusive photo from the first 2018 episode of CBS' Scorpion.
As reported by TVLine, the Shooter star/One Tree Hill alum will recur during the back half of Season 4 as Toby's onetime fiancée, Amy, who is now married to his nemesis, pop-psychologist Quincy Berkstead (Jeff Galfer).
Amy is described as a brilliant geneticist whom Toby met while at Harvard Medical School. Although she broke off their engagement due to Toby's gambling and immaturity, she (for obvious reasons) still has an effect on her ex all these years later. Might that make Happy… not?
Following this Monday's new episode, Scorpion airs its fall finale on Dec. 18. VanSanten makes her debut in Episode 13, titled “The Bunker Games” and airing on Jan. 15 after the holiday break.
PHOTOS Get First Looks at 2018 for MacGyver, iZombie and Others
Want more scoop on Scorpion, or for any other show? Email InsideLine@tvline.com and your question may be answered via Matt's Inside Line.
WEST LAFAYETTE, Ind. -- Purdue researchers have developed an online platform that enables first responders to monitor emergency situations using tweets and Instagram posts.
Called the Social Media Analytics and Reporting Toolkit (SMART), the browser-based platform filters social media content according to key words and geographic regions defined by the user. First responders have been using a beta version of the tool to analyze both live and historical data. Purdue researchers will present new SMART features on Thursday (April 26) at the Association for Computing Machinery CHI 2018 Conference on Human Factors in Computing Systems.
"People already provide information about situations using social media," said David Ebert, director of Purdue's Visual Analytics for Command, Control and Interoperability Environments (VACCINE) center by the Department of Homeland Security and the Silicon Valley Professor of Electrical and Computer Engineering (ECE). "Organizing and filtering this information helps first responders attend to certain areas faster."
In 2012, VACCINE began developing a large-scale, streaming source of social media data that could also show a distribution of tweets and posts for a given area - a feature lacking in other social media analytics tools that law enforcement agencies had tried using. Purdue researchers have since added more features to SMART as users tested the tool during crime investigations, the 2017 hurricanes and public events such as football games and the 2018 State of the Union Address.
"We keep a long-term relationship with our end users," said Jiawei Zhang, a Ph.D. candidate in ECE who has often served as tech support for SMART. "After an event we'll do a workshop with them to identify any problems they faced and potential features they think will be useful for the system."
To help break down various interpretations of a situation, Zhang has made several improvements to the user interface, such as "cluster lense" and "TopoText," which visualize key words from themes a user defines in a geographic area. Dominant crime, for example, may be theft and robbery in a city; or it may be liquor law violations and noise for a university campus. Watch a YouTube video explaining how SMART works at https:/ / youtu. be/ ZKPWdW0y1Og .
Another feature is customizable email alerts. "If, for example, a key word came up more than five times in 'x' amount of minutes, then the user will get an email alert," said Chittayong "Jao" Surakitbanharn, a postdoc who worked on SMART through Purdue's ECE school. Users can also request a summary email of tweets or posts related to key words they input to SMART.
In the works is a way to automatically filter photos and text - especially since social media has the potential to provide useful information to first responders when public cameras go offline during natural disasters. VACCINE researchers have started comparing tweets and posts with public camera feeds to understand the utility of social media during these incidents.
Other issues are still to be resolved. Homonyms, for example, create "noise," or bring up irrelevant posts. "The word 'kill' is used in a lot of different scenarios, like 'I killed that exam' or 'this pain is killing me,'" said ECE graduate research assistant Calvin Yau.
Researchers have expected these challenges in converting a new technology into an emergency alert system. "The telephone was invented in the 1800s. By the time you have the 9-1-1 system, that's the 1960s," Surakitbanharn said. "Now if we dial 9-1-1, we definitely expect someone to help us. But on social media, there has been no pre-designed system."
Prairie View A&M University, a partner of VACCINE, is helping to address another key fact: Not everyone uses social media. The university is researching the adoption of social media technology by minority communities in the Houston area to provide insight for the use and development of technologies like SMART.
The goal is for SMART to be an affordable social media analytics tool that anyone can download.
"We want this to be available at low cost for every first responder," Ebert said.
Davista Technologies, a visual analytics company, intends to sell and provide user documentation for SMART.
Previous and current SMART users and collaborators include the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department (Nev.), MiraCosta College (Calif.), Ohio State Highway Patrol, Oklahoma Information Fusion Center, Purdue University Police Department (Ind.), Prairie View A&M University (Texas), the St. Clair County Department of Homeland Security (Mich.), the Tennessee Fusion Center, the Tulsa Police Department (Okla.), the U.S. Coast Guard, United States Citizenship and Immigration Services, University of California San Diego Police Department and the West Lafayette Police Department (Ind.).
###
ABSTRACT
TopoText: Context-preserving text data exploration across multiple spatial scales
Jiawei Zhang,1Chittayong Surakitbanharn,1Niklas Elmqvist,2
Ross Maciejewski,3Zhenyu Qian,1and David S. Ebert1
1Purdue University
2University of Maryland
3Arizona State University
doi: 10.1145/3173574.3173611
TopoText is a context-preserving technique for visualizing text data for multi-scale spatial aggregates to gain insight into spatial phenomena. Conventional exploration requires users to navigate across multiple scales but only presents the information related to the current scale. This limitation potentially adds more steps of interaction and cognitive overload to the users. TopoText renders multi-scale aggregates into a single visual display combining novel text-based encoding and layout methods that draw labels along the boundary or filled within the aggregates. The text itself not only summarizes the semantics at each individual scale, but also indicates the spatial coverage of the aggregates and their underlying hierarchical relationships. We validate TopoText with both a user study and several application examples.
LARRY LAGE, AP Sports Writer
EAST LANSING, Mich. (AP) — Alvin Ellis chose to stay at Michigan State, resisting the urge of following two of his former teammates and transferring to another school.
The Spartans are glad he did.
Ellis scored 15 of his 18 points with a 3-point barrage in the first half and finished with six 3-pointers — doubling his previous career high — to help Michigan State beat Ohio State 74-66 on Tuesday night.
“I'm happy for Alvin,” Spartans coach Tom Izzo said. “Anytime a kid goes through tough times and in this day and age, when everybody transfers, quits their job … goes to three high schools, four AAU teams, he didn't. He gutted it out. And you know what? It might end up being a heck of a deal for him and a great way to go out as a senior.”
Ellis watched Marvin Clark Jr. and Javon Bess transfer after last season, going to St. John's and Saint Louis, respectively, and decided to finish his career at Michigan State. Ellis scored a career-high 20 points in the Big Ten opener, helping the Spartans rally to win at Minnesota.
He didn't score as many points against the Buckeyes, but he had the best shooing stretch as a Spartan.
Ellis made five 3-pointers in a 3:38 span of the first half, helping the Spartans take a 21-12 lead and stunning the crowd and the Buckeyes because the senior was averaging just six points a game.
“I was feelin' it,” the reserve shooting guard said.
ICYMI: Here is the video of Tom Izzo's comments on Dan Dakich that you're seeing in your timeline. https://t.co/2LFJoHvBoO — Michigan St. on BTN (@MichiganStOnBTN) February 15, 2017
Ellis finished 6 of 9 beyond the arc and 6 of 11 overall, falling two points shy of his career high.
“He was on fire,” Ohio State coach Thad Matta said.
Miles Bridges had 17 points and 11 rebounds and Nick Ward scored 15 for Michigan State (16-10, 8-5 Big Ten), which has won four of five.
Ohio State's Marc Loving scored 22 points and reserve JaQuan Lyle scored all 10 of his points in the first half after missing the previous game, a setback to No. 23 Maryland.
The Buckeyes (15-12, 5-9) have lost four of six.
GAME OF RUNS
After the Ellis-led surge for the Spartans, the Buckeyes scored 10 straight to take the lead before falling behind 40-34 at halftime.
The Spartans scored the first six points of the second half, building a 12-point lead. Ohio State, once again, rallied with a 17-6 run to pull within one point.
“We stopped the bleeding,” Loving said. “But weren't able to recover.”
Michigan State finished off the Buckeyes by outscoring them 12-2 to take an 11-point lead and they were able to keep a comfortable cushion.
IZZO TAKES ON DAKICH
During the game, Izzo didn't like it when Michigan State students were jeering ESPN analyst Dan Dakich and chanting, “We hate Dak-ich! We hate Dak-ich!” After the game, Izzo was told Dakich, whose son plays basketball at Michigan, posted this reply on his Twitter account after the Wolverines beat Michigan State last week: “Sparty not only whines but now just dumb!! Couldn't get into UM?? ”
“Twitter got him in trouble and he earned it,” Izzo said . “I'm surprised ESPN would let somebody say something like that that works for them. … Danny owes our fans and our students an apology.”
.@JonnotJohn2 @dandakich Dakich since-deleted tweet: "Sparty not only whines but now just dumb!! Couldn't get into UM??" — Larry Lage (@LarryLage) February 15, 2017
A message seeking comment was e-mailed to ESPN.
More than an hour after the game, Dakich appeared to delete the aforementioned tweet.
BIG PICTURE
Ohio State: The Buckeyes, who played in the NIT last season, are in danger of failing to make the NCAA Tournament in two straight years for the first time since Matta took over the program in 2004.
“I think we're making progress, but obviously we're not there yet,” Matta said.
Michigan State: The Spartans have improved their chances of extending their NCAA Tournament streak to 20 with their recent surge of success.
UP NEXT:
Ohio State: Host Nebraska on Saturday.
Michigan State: Play at No. 16 Purdue on Saturday.
___
More AP college basketball at http://collegebasketball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25
___
Follow Larry Lage on Twitter @LarryLage
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
Kevin Magnussen looked for the positives in his Friday running, even though rain and a water leak hampered his and the Haas F1 Team's day.
Magnussen recorded the 11th fastest time in Free Practice 1 but – like team-mate Romain Grosjean – chose not to run in the rain hit Free Practice 2 session.
Nonetheless, the Dane felt happy in the feeling coming from his car, but feels that there is some needed performance to be gained for tomorrow and Sunday, as he looks for his first points since Azerbaijan.
“It was feeling good straight away, so we were happy about that.” said Magnussen.
“I think we need to try and find some more speed, for sure, because other people are going to be doing that.”
“If we're aiming to score points this weekend we need to get it right.”
Magnussen's limited running puts him on the back foot relative to everyone else, only managing 15 laps – one more than Scuderia Toro Rosso's Carlos Sainz, who crashed out of the morning session on the exit of the Turn 11 hairpin.
Yet the 25-year-old – who celebrated his birthday yesterday – is hopeful that he can make up for lost ground.
“I had the issues with the water leak and I could only do one lap per run. So, I didn't get that much running, but hopefully we can catch up.”
Team Principal Guenther Steiner echoed Magnussen's pleasure with the pace shown in FP1, before confirming that the water leak issue was resolved in time for Practice 2, should Magnussen have wished to run.
“We had a pretty good Free Practice 1, though it's still too early to say how good.”
“We had just a small problem with Kevin's car. We couldn't do more than a few laps because of a small water leak, which we sorted out for FP2.”
“Unfortunately, it rained a lot in Free Practice 2, so we didn't do any more running. We're now looking forward to tomorrow.”
On Tuesday 12th of December we broadcast live from the Twelve Hotel, Barna for their twelve days of Christmas celebrations. Join Valerie Hughes from 12 followed by Jon Richards and Donal Mahon from 3 to 5pm live from the Twelve Hotel for a special festive day, with wonderful carol singing with Scoil Shéamais Naofa Barna and Saint Joseph National School Boleybeg from 12 noon.
Guests can also enjoy festive treats including The Twelve's special Mulled Wine and Mince Pies from the Twelve Bakery Shop as well as the unveiling of the brand-new mural created in partnership with GMIT. Join us from 12 at The Twelve, Barna.
On the twelfth day of Christmas my true love gave to me – twelve drummers drumming and the most glamorous Christmas Party for me!
If you're looking for a Christmas Party that's that little bit special, where great food is integral, the stunning Twelve Hotel might just be the place for you. Hosting intimate parties from 12 to 100 closefriends in what has become regarded as Ireland's chicest hotel; The Twelve Nights of Christmas Party is certainly the most attractive way tocelebrate the festive season. As ever, there are many options to suit all tastes and wallets at The Twelve. Choose from casual evenings in The Pins GastroBar, an elaborate gourmet evening in West Restaurant or the last remaining party night (Dec. 9th.) in Na Beanna Beola Ballroom. Aside from throwing their usual party on The Twelfth of the Twelfth, The Twelve are also celebrating the 12 Days of Christmas – a celebration of the best local artisan producers. These specially selected suppliers are known as the '12 Food Apostles' and include Gannet Fishmongers,Marty's Mussels, artisan butcher James McGeoughs, Beechlawn Organic Farm, Caragh's Microherbs, crab meat supplier Joe Gerilhy, Galway Hooker Beer, Connemara Abalone, Comharchunam Sliog Eisc Connemara Cho Scallops, Solaris Organic Herbal Teas and Arran Islands Cheese Cheese. As well as delicious tastings to enjoy, the hotel's talented team of chefs will also be getting in on the action focusing on one local food producer for each of the 12 days of Christmas. Using their superb produce, the chefs will create a BS spoke dish which visitors will have a chance to taste for themselves when it is included as a daily special on the hotel's menu. The Twelve Days of Christmas is a concept fashioned by the hotel's General Manager Fergus O'Halloran, who is a Fáilte Ireland Food Ambassador. Fergus has a tremendous passion and belief in the importance of food tourism and in showcasing local ingredients and skills. “When I returned from my Fáilte Ireland familiarisation trip to Prince Edward County in Canada, I was more convinced than ever about the importance of businesses working together with the local community to help build Ireland's food tourism reputation, encouraging visitors to stop, spend and stay longer. By showcasing the very best local and regional produce we can really evoke a unique sense of place, and promote Ireland as an unspoilt environment. These twelve producers which we have selected for the 12 Days of Christmas are our twelve Food Apostles in terms of what The Twelve Hotel and the local Galway area has to offer in terms of quality ingredients. They really are world-class.”
The hotel at the crossroads; where history and tradition meet luxury and style. The Twelve is a place for passing time, not simply passing through. Nestled in the charming seaside village of Barna; yet 12 minutes from the thrills of Galway city – and on the doorstep to Connemara. Named after the rolling peaks that surround the stunning landscape, it's the perfect place for accessing many of Galway's top attractions or as a hideaway, surrounded by style and luxury, from the hustle and bustle of the city. The Twelve hotel is a multi award winning boutique hotel and has won the title of the best hotel in Ireland for 2018. (source)
For more details Download The Twelve Nights of Christmas Brochure here…
Raven-Symoné‘s former That's So Raven costar just got a giant tattoo of her face on his neck and chest.
Orlando Brown, who starred as Eddie Thomas in the Disney Channel show, showed off a brand-new tattoo of the actress' face on his neck in a video that circulated on Twitter Thursday.
Wearing a fake gold crown and holding his phone up to his chest, Brown, 30, said in the video, “You trying to get this picture. You have seen this yet?”
Brown wore sunglasses that covered the majority of his face, as well as a tank top that showed off the new ink on his neck.
Orlando Brown tattoos Raven Symone's face on his chest pic.twitter.com/L8IkSLdmBB — say cheese (@Saycheese_Media) May 29, 2018
Brown acted opposite the former The View cohost from 2003 to 2007 on the show which depicted Raven-Symoné as a psychic who could see the future just moments before events occurred.
A rep for the actress did not immediately respond to PEOPLE's request for comment.
While Raven-Symoné starred in a recent Disney Channel reboot of the show alongside original castmate Anneliese van der Pol, Brown did not join his former costars, nor is he set to appear in the show's second season.
Orlando Brown and Raven-Symoné David Livingston/Getty; Tommaso Boddi/WireImage
Brown has had a long and complicated history with the law. In April, the actor was arrested in Las Vegas for an outstanding warrant, according to TMZ who reported the news at the time.
Brown was brought back to Los Angeles County, where a judge issued a warrant for him after he failed to appear in court for allegedly striking his girlfriend, the outlet reported.
Authorities in Torrance and Barstow, California declined to confirm specifics about the case when contacted by PEOPLE, and a rep for Brown could not be found.
Want to keep up on the latest from PEOPLE? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox.
In 2014, a woman told police that the actor had threatened to kill her and her daughter. He agreed to a plea deal with prosecutors and paid a minimal fine.
Brown is also known for his work as Sticky Webb in the Disney Channel's The Proud Family.
× U.S. prosecutor: Oregon has ‘formidable' pot overproduction problem
PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) — Oregon's top federal prosecutor said Friday the state has a “formidable” problem with marijuana overproduction that winds up on the black market and that he wants to work with state and local leaders and the pot industry to do something about it.
U.S. Attorney Billy Williams convened the unprecedented summit of influential federal law enforcement representatives, state officials and marijuana industry scions after Attorney General Jeff Sessions withdrew an Obama administration memo that had guided states with legalized weed on how to avoid federal scrutiny.
The meeting included representatives from 13 other U.S. attorney's offices, the FBI, the U.S. Postal Inspection Service, the U.S. Forest Service and U.S. Customs and Border Protection. U.S. attorneys from California, Washington, Colorado, Idaho, Alaska and Montana attended in person.
Gov. Kate Brown, a Democrat, told guests that Williams has assured members of her administration that “lawful Oregon businesses remain stakeholders in this conversation and not targets of law enforcement.”
The marijuana industry has been watching federal prosecutors in states with legalized weed like Oregon closely since Sessions rescinded the so-called Cole memo. U.S. attorneys in states where marijuana is legal under state law now face the delicate question of how to do their jobs and hew to the federal ban.
Williams sought to calm fears among pot growers, but said the market has a problem that must be addressed. Everyone needs a “bottom-line answer” on how much excess marijuana is being produced and how much of it winds up on the black market, he said.
Williams last month wrote a guest column in a newspaper in which he said the surplus attracts criminal networks and generates money laundering, drug violence and draws down water supplies in rural communities.
“Here's what I know in terms of the landscape here in Oregon, and that is, we have an identifiable and formidable marijuana overproduction and diversion problem,” he said Friday.
Williams added: “And make no mistake about it, we're going to do something about it.”
There is general agreement that marijuana from Oregon does wind up in other states where it isn't legal. Still, it's hard to say if pot smuggling has gotten worse in Oregon — where illicit pot farmers were thriving long before recreational legalization — or how much of the marijuana leaving the state filters out from the legal side.
Williams has previously said law enforcement in 16 other states have reported seizing marijuana from Oregon and postal agents have intercepted more than 2,600 pounds of pot in outbound packages and over $1.2 million in associated cash.
Advocates dismiss the idea that legalization has caused a spike in black markets sales. It's just that now, because it's legal, it's much easier to track it back, they said.
“When I moved to Oregon in 1979, cannabis was a billion-dollar crop then, so the notion that this is somehow caused by legalization or by the medical program is something that's misplaced,” said Leland Berger, an attorney who specializes in marijuana cases.
Oregon did not cap the number of recreational pot producers, virtually guaranteeing an overproduction problem, said Seth Crawford, a former Oregon State University professor who's an expert on marijuana economics and cannabis policy.
He estimated Oregon growers produce up to three times the amount of marijuana that the state can absorb legally each year.
“You created this huge industry that has nowhere to put its product,” Crawford said.
“If you were an investor and you had just dropped $4 million into a (marijuana) grow and you had thousands of pounds of flower that was ready to go but you had nowhere to sell it … if you want any of your money back, the only thing you can do is sell it on the black market,” he said. “It was a system designed for failure.”
Oregon voters approved the sale of recreational marijuana in 2014, and it became legal the following year. The state has allowed medical marijuana since 1998.
It now has about 900 licensed recreational growers, with more than 1,100 licenses awaiting approval. Another roughly 25,600 growers in the state produce cannabis for medical marijuana patients.
More than 500 retailers are licensed to sell recreational weed, with nearly 250 applications pending.
Functional Emulsifier Blends: Market Outlook
Functional emulsifier blends are a mixture of substances that are used for emulsification by using different materials having specific or combination of functions. Oil and water based emulsion are the most popular forms of functional emulsifier blends. Ice-cream industry uses functional emulsifier blends formulated by specialized firms are purchased from primary suppliers.
North America is expected to dominate the functional emulsifier blends market due to the concentration of major food production centers. The primary food ingredients suppliers like ADM and Cargill have their significant operations in North America which are involved in emulsifier and the functional emulsifier blends production. Improved private investments in food processing in emerging countries in the APAC region will result in the fastest increase of food ingredients including functional emulsifier blends market.
Request For Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=41909
Functional Emulsifier Blends Market: Reasons for Covering this Title
A rise in food safety issues across the world is driving higher demand for functional emulsifier blends as it retaining the full quality and holding the fat content in food products. The overall rise in demand across various industries has resulted in a rise in demand for functional emulsifier blends. Optimum handling and mixing conditions are explicitly required in bakery products while using the functional emulsifier blends for attaining higher efficiency in the process. Functional emulsifier blends have become popular as most of the emulsifiers are used in combinations only. The other benefits of functional emulsifier blends include the production of required hydrophile-lipophile balance in emulsifier and improve the feel of the products. Major players in the functional emulsifier blends market have increased their investments in R&D to develop quality products complying with food safety regulations. Innovations in ingredient for functional emulsifier blends formulation, availability of various forms of functional emulsifier blends is boosting functional emulsifier blends market growth.
The complex nature of foods is posing challenges in functional emulsifier blends processing could be a limiting factor for the functional emulsifier blends market growth. GMO based functional emulsifier blends are not acceptable in few countries.
Global Functional Emulsifier Blends Market: Key Players
Some of the key players operating in the global functional emulsifier blends market are Futura Ingredients, Fuerst Day Lawson Ltd. (FDL), Fine Organics, Henan Zhengtong Food Technology Co., Ltd., BASF SE, Danisco, Evonik Industries AG, Kerry Group, Akzonobel N.V., Cargill Inc., Solvay S.A., Clariant, ADM, Acme Hardesty, Mckinley Resources, Lotte Foods Co., Ltd., and others.
Opportunities for Market Participants
The functional emulsifier blends market is projected to be positively influenced by increase in adoption in industries like bakery and confectionery. Growing traction for processed foods and rise in health awareness is also supporting functional emulsifier blends market growth. Multifunctional properties of functional emulsifier blends, innovations in functional emulsifier blends processing has enabled the functional emulsifiers to cater various needs of consumers. A number of criteria are essential and must be met for the formulation of the well-formulated functional emulsifier blends.
Exhibit 2 depicts consumer preferences for functional emulsifier blends indicating most of the consumers depend on multifunctional properties of functional emulsifier blends followed by functional emulsifier blends supply sustainability.
Expansion is the commonly followed strategy by the major players in the functional emulsifier blends market which are influencing the functional emulsifier blends market trends to greater level.
Obtain Report Details @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/functional-emulsifier-blends-market.html
Considering the exhibit 3, it can infer that food and beverages industry will be the major consumer of functional emulsifier blends. Bakery segment is projected to be major consumer in the food and beverage industry for functional emulsifier blends. Volume-wise food and beverages industry form a major share in terms of application for functional emulsifier blends. However, the growth is projected higher in personal care products over the forecast period. Adoption of various ingredients is likely to lower functional emulsifier blends prices which will augment higher purchases across various industries.
NEW – Full-stack developer
Full-stack Developer – Woodstock
You will be responsible for maintaining and developing backend systems and architecture within a team environment:
Bug fixing and maintenance
Source code control and management
Database design, analysis and optimisation
Developing backend to add new functionality
Improving functionality and taking initiative in suggesting new features
Liaising with other team members to consistently deliver quality to our customers and exceed their expectations
Who you'll be:
A dynamic, driven developer with 4 – 6 years of work experience using the following technologies:
.NET framework 3.5 +
C#
ASP.NET MVC 5 +
ASP.NET WebAPI
Entity Framework
LINQ
MSSQL Server 2008 + (T-SQL and administration)
Javascript/AJAX/JQuery
Responsive HTML/CSS
Have a degree/diploma or trade qualification related to the IT field
TDD
GIT
*If you would like the opportunity to work for this rapidly expanding team, who thrive on producing cutting edge technology within a constant evolving market send your updated CV to (email address) or contact me on (contact number).
*Interviews will be taking place over the next 2 weeks.
Learn more/Apply for this position
April 28 Public Service Enterprise Group Inc
* Pseg announces 2017 first quarter results
* Sees fy 2017 non-gaap operating earnings per share $2.80 to $3.00
* Qtrly non-gaap operating earnings of $0.92 per sharere
* Qtrly earnings per share $0.22
* Public service enterprise group inc says pseg power forecast of non-gaap operating earnings for 2017 and non-gaap adjusted ebitda remain unchanged
* Public service enterprise group inc says based on mild winter, pseg power is forecasting output for 2017 of 49 - 50 twh
* Q1 earnings per share view $0.85 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Fy2017 earnings per share view $2.89 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* Public service enterprise group -is on-track for its full-year capital investment program of $3.4 billion in its transmission and distribution infrastructure Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Global financial tech firm to locate HQ in Connecticut
HARTFORD, Conn. (AP) — A global financial technology firm announced Tuesday it plans to relocate its headquarters to West Hartford, marking the second announcement from state officials this week about high-tech jobs in Connecticut.
Seven Stars Cloud Group Inc., or SSC, plans to transform the former 58-acre University of Connecticut branch campus after the property is ultimately sold for $5.2 million and the necessary approvals from the town and the UConn Board of Trustees are complete. SCC Executive Chairman Bruno Wu said the $238 million project, dubbed Chain Valley, is expected to create 330 jobs over the next five years.
Wu said the company, which specializes in helping financial and manufacturing industries utilize secure technology for financial transactions, had multiple choices for a new headquarters location.
"But it was Connecticut, the state of Connecticut, that attracted us and we very swiftly made a decision. And here we are," he said, adding how SCC liked how the site is centrally located between Boston and New York. He noted how the state has a highly skilled workforce, more than 40 institutions of higher learning and several nearby major metropolitan areas, including Hartford. He also praised the region's "great restaurants."
The company is receiving a $10 million state loan for renovations to the existing buildings on the campus. Department of Economic and Community Development Commissioner Catherine Smith said the state's loan may be forgiven if the job targets are reached.
Wu said the company plans to keep the open look and feel of the campus, hoping it becomes "more like a public park."
This deal comes a day after state and local officials announced plans to construct what will eventually be a $1 billion fuel cell-powered, high-speed data park in New Britain. The proposed Energy & Innovation Park will be located on a portion of the Stanley Black & Decker manufacturing site. Democratic Gov. Dannel P. Malloy said he expects the project, which he thinks will attract more high-tech companies to the state, will ultimately create more than 3,000 direct and indirect jobs to the region over the next decade.
Construction of the first phase is expected to begin early next year, including the development of 19.98 megawatts of grid-connected fuel cells that would be manufactured in Connecticut and installed at the New Britain location. Eventually, an additional 44 megawatts of fuel-cell generated power is planned. It's being billed as the world's largest indoor fuel cell installation. The project also involves creating the data center complex, which is expected to attract other IT-related companies.
On Tuesday, Malloy said the SSC deal and the New Britain project were discussed by his administration at the same time, as part of an overall effort to boost Connecticut's high-tech industry.
"Quite frankly, it's not the only projects," he said, without elaborating.
"Obviously, we're going to be extra cautious with him," Matheny said.
Reyes was 4-1 with a 1.57 ERA two years ago, striking out 52 in 46 innings. He felt pain during a pre-spring training bullpen session in February 2017 and was operated on by Cardinals physician Dr. George Paletta.
Reyes went 3-0 in four minor league injury rehabilitation starts this month at Class A Palm Beach and Peoria, Double-A Springfield and Triple-A Memphis. He struck out 44 in 23 innings.
"This was the first time he's had to work," Matheny said. "All those minor league rehab starts he had barely had anybody on base. So, he had to bear down. Didn't give up any runs. His stuff looked right. His stuff looked good."
Arcia was recalled from Triple-A Colorado Springs. He was sent down to work on his batting and was surprised at being recalled so soon.
"Things weren't going my way and they wanted me to go down there to work on my hitting and reset everything." Arcia said through a translator. "Thankfully, things were starting to go a lot better."
He looked pretty good in the seventh. With two out and runners on first and second, Arcia stopped a 0-for-15 slide with a base hit against Sam Tuivailala (1-1).
Jeremy Jeffress (5-0) got the win despite allowing two runs in the top of the seventh. Josh Hader struck out the side in the eighth and got two outs in the ninth, and Corey Knebel struck out Jose Martinez for his fifth save in seven chances.
Milwaukee went 1 for 10 with runners in scoring position, but the NL Central leaders still improved to 19-8 in May, setting a team record for wins in the month. Christian Yelich homered for the Brewers, and Erik Kratz had two hits and scored a run.
Harrison Bader homered for St. Louis, and Dexter Fowler had three singles.
MAKING MOVES
Reyes was reinstated from the 60-day disabled list. Right-hander Mike Mayers was optioned to Memphis, and right-hander Dominic Leone was transferred to the 60-day DL. Leone has been out since May 5 with right upper arm nerve irritation.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Cardinals: Fowler returned to the starting lineup after missing three games with a bruised right knee. He was hit by a pitch Saturday at Pittsburgh. ... LF Marcell Ozuna was a late scratch and replaced by Tyler O'Neill. Ozuna pinch-hit in the ninth and walked.
Brewers: SS Tyler Saladino (left ankle sprain) was placed on the 10-day DL. He got hurt Tuesday night. Eric Sogard started in his place, and Arcia took over in the seventh.
UP NEXT
Cardinals: RHP Jack Flaherty (2-1, 2.15 ERA) is scheduled to make his third career start against Pittsburgh on Friday. RHP Trevor Williams (5-3, 3.43 ERA) starts for the visiting Pirates.
Brewers: RHP Chase Anderson (4-3, 4.42 ERA) faces the Chicago White Sox on Friday night in the opener of an eight-game trip. He beat the White Sox 5-1 for Arizona in his major league debut on May 11, 2014.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
By Joe Totoraitis, The Associated Press
NOTE: The national semifinals from San Antonio will be televised Saturday, March 31, on TBS with team-specific “TeamCast” broadcast on TNT and truTV. The national championship will air Monday, April 2, on TBS.
Jim Nantz, Grant Hill, Bill Raftery and Tracy Wolfson will be on the call for the Final Four and national championship games on TBS. Veteran play-by-play voice Ian Eagle will be on the mic for the regional semifinals and finals for the first time.
Sweet 16/regional semifinals
THURSDAY
7:07 p.m., CBS: No. 7 Nevada vs. No. 11 Loyola-Chicago (Brian Anderson, Chris Webber, Lisa Byington)
7:37 p.m., TBS: No. 3 Michigan vs. No. 7 Texas A&M (Kevin Harlan, Reggie Miller, Dan Bonner, Dana Jacobson)
Researchers from Queen Mary University of London have developed a computer model that forecasts the changes that occur within tumours as they develop.
The research, published in the journal Nature Genetics, in the future aims to enable the prediction of the trajectory of tumour growth in patients, allowing clinicians to pre-empt disease course and tailor treatment regimens accordingly.
The model was developed in collaboration with researchers from Barts Cancer Institute's Centre for Tumour Biology, led by Professor Trevor Graham, the Institute of Cancer research, led by Dr Andrea Sottoriva, and University College London, led by Dr Chris Barnes.
Professor Graham from Queen Mary's Barts Cancer Institute said: "Forecasting of the future offers a real opportunity for clinical benefit that is based on anticipatory action.
"It would be a great advantage to know if a tumour is going to change in a certain way and so be able to administer the most effective treatment in light of the prediction. This work is in its infancy, and the possibilities that this research may have as it matures are very exciting."
Reading the 'secret diary' of a tumour
As tumours grow and become more advanced, different mutations - changes to the genetic code - occur in different cancer cells. Some of these changes may confer an advantage for the cell, making it more suited to survive in its environment. Following the principles of Darwin's theory of Evolution, such cells will be favoured and able to replicate, creating more cells with the same mutation. In this way, different populations of cells with different mutations build up, creating tumours that are highly genetically diverse.
Although it is known that such changes take place as cancer develops, knowing exactly what changes occur and when has proven difficult as tumour samples are often only analysed in the laboratory after they are large enough to be detected in a patient. Therefore, the history of how tumours grow has remained invisible to researchers. The present study, majoritively funded by The Wellcome Trust, endeavoured to fill in this missing history.
By interpreting the genetic sequences of tumour cells, the computer system is able to read the 'secret diary' of mutations hidden in the genome, learning how the cancer has changed over time. Notably, the study revealed that mutations acquired by cells that drive the progression of cancer - known as driver mutations - allow the cells to grow up to 30 per cent faster in some cases than cells without the mutation.
Using a tumour's history to predict its future
The computer system used this genetic information with defined algorithms to predict future changes that may occur as the cancer continues to evolve.
How a cancer changes over time underlies a patient's prognosis, as such changes may determine response to treatment. This study, also supported by Cancer Research UK, makes steps towards the 'mechanistic forecasting' of future disease course and offers great potential for personalised medicine.
Before this research can become a clinical reality, the team first need to verify that the predictions of the system are correct by testing it in pre-clinical models and analysing tumour samples of patients that are under long-term surveillance.
Mr Marc Williams, first author of the paper, added: "We are measuring changes that occur in cancer that have proven difficult to quantify. Such changes may be important in the evolutionary dynamics of individual cancers. Hopefully with these kinds of measurements we will be able to make important predictions of what the future evolutionary trajectory of cancer could be. This is the long-term aim."
###
The largest vessel in the Alaska Marine Highway fleet will be late to return to service this summer.
The 418-foot ferry Columbia was due to return to service June 28 with service from Bellingham, Washington, to communities in Southeast Alaska.
The vessel has been in a Portland, Oregon, shipyard undergoing repairs to a propeller, which struck an unknown object and was damaged last September.
“There were some extensive repairs that needed to be done to the propeller system,” said Department of Transportation spokeswoman Meadow Bailey. “That requires a lot of lead time. The parts are manufactured in Germany and then there's obviously the installation of the parts afterwards.”
The Columbia was built in 1974 and can accommodate just under 500 passengers and 133 vehicles.
“It took a while to make those repairs,” Bailey said. “Then we went and thought the repairs were successful and were testing the vessel and during that test there was another mechanical failure related to that newly installed propeller system.”
The new target date for it to return to service is July 26.
The 408-foot ferry Malaspina has been filling in on the Columbia's route and will continue to do so, but Bailey said there will be some impacts to people who have booked passage on the Columbia in June and July.
“The impacts, though, are that the Malaspina is smaller and therefore there's going to be some passengers who had made reservations in a cabin and they will not be able to get those reserved cabins,” Bailey said. “We won't be able to carry as many vehicles so there are some vehicles reservations that we're going to have to cancel.”
The marine highway is contacting the passengers affected by the change. A toll free number for more information is 1-800-642-0066 or online.
The Columbia was stuck in Petersburg with mechanical problems last July stranding nearly 200 passengers.
It was also pulled for propeller damage in August 2015 after striking a log in the water.
Earlier this month the ferry system announced another vessel, the Tustamena, would also be late returning from repair work.
In addition to essential metabolic functions, the level of zinc in the body also affects the heart muscle. When oxidative stress occurs, it may be due to a shortage of zinc, which can be determined by examining the heart muscle. A study by the Technical University of Munich (TUM) shows the relationship between the total amount of zinc in the body and cardiac function.
Oxidative stress occurs when more free radicals are generated in the cell than can be intercepted by antioxidants such as vitamin E. It has already been proven that a severe lack of zinc, which promotes obvious clinical symptoms is also associated with increased cellular stress. However, such an extreme shortage is very rare. Short-term and latent shortages of zinc occur much more frequently. So far, research is sparse on whether this is also linked to oxidative stress.
Due to its high metabolic activity, the researchers have focused on studying the heart muscle. A particularly high number of free radicals occurs here relative to the amount of tissue mass. Furthermore, the heart muscle also has a lower antioxidative capacity than other tissues. Therefore, it is particularly susceptible to oxidative stress.
For the study published in the Journal of Nutrition, this has been investigated by monitoring two antioxidants: glutathione and vitamin E (α-Tocopherol). Both disable free radicals, wherein vitamin E in particular is responsible for the integrity of the cell membrane. The cell membrane shields the cell contents from the environment.
Oxidative stress is regulated by the zinc status
Young piglets were deprived of nutritional zinc to different extents for a few days. Thereby, the scientists were able to determine how a declining amount of zinc in the body affected the animals' heart muscles. They noticed that the concentration of glutathione and vitamin E in the heart muscle declined alongside the bodies´ zinc status. Hence, the body's zinc supply already affects the heart's ability to deal with oxidative stress at this early stage. According to current research, oxidative stress is a predisposing factor for heart diseases.
Furthermore, it was observed that genes responsible for programmed cell death (apoptosis) are upregulated in this phase of cell stress accompanied by declining zinc supply levels. "The body was no longer able to compensate for the resulting shortage of zinc, even though our tests only ran for a few days," said lead author Daniel Brugger from the Chair of Animal Nutrition at TUM.
As the situation progressed, it was observed that the heart attempted to compensate: "After the first phase, during which a reduction in tissue zinc concentration was observed, the heart muscle intervened and increased the amount of zinc back to the basal (control) level. However, this increase took place at the expense of the zinc content of other organs -- above all the liver, kidneys, and the pancreas."
Further yet unpublished liver data also indicates that this decline in tissue zinc is accompanied by events of subclinical inflammation. This seems to also apply to other organs, above all the primary immune tissues. Additional studies will be necessary in order to confirm these findings.
###
Publication:
Daniel Brugger and Wilhelm M. Windisch: Short-Term Subclinical Zinc Deficiency in Weaned Piglets Affects Cardiac Redox Metabolism and Zinc Concentration, Journal of Nutrition 2017. DOI: 10.3945/jn.116.240804
Contact:
Technical University of Munich
Chair of Animal Nutrition
Hans Eisenmann-Zentrum für Agrarwissenschaften
Daniel Brugger
Liesel-Beckmann-Straße 2
85354 Freising-Weihenstephan
Tel. +49 (0) 8161 - 714009
Email: Daniel.Brugger@wzw.tum.de
The Environmental Protection Authority (EPA) is warning Rutherford residents to be cautious after PFAS chemicals were detected in a number of local creeks.
It comes after the chemicals were detected near the Truegain waste oil processing facility, and a subsequent clean-up was ordered last week.
Residents are being asked to stay away from any water coming from Stony, Fishery, and Wallis Creeks.
The EPA is also warning that animals should be kept away from the creeks, and that eggs, milk and home-slaughtered livestock should not be consumed.
Meantime, it's been confirmed a new parliamentary inquiry will look into the Federal Government's management of PFAS contamination in areas surrounding Defence bases.
The inquiry will be conducted by the PFAS sub-committee of Parliament's Joint Standing Committee on Foreign Affairs, Defence and Trade.
It will look into the Government's response in light of recent developments including the Expert Health Panel's report which was released earlier this month.
Submissions can be lodged until July 6.
Image: pixabay
By Ken Bell
kbell@abc6.com
South County Co-op rallied to beat the combined team of Burrillville/Ponaganset/Bay View 2 to 1 in overtime to claim the Girls State Championship.
Katie George scored the game winner. Grace Gibbons got the assist and was named MVP of the series after scoring four goals and adding 3 assists.
After losing the opening game, South County rallied to win the next two to win the crown.
Experts note that raising strong children require a strong community. That's what residents get at Quenda Hammond Park — a lovely home in the midst of a warm, tight-knit neighbourhood.
[HAMMOND PARK, 31/05/2018] – Quenda Hammond Park makes homeownership a dream within reach. It offers lovely house and land packages in Hammond Park, Perth. The company partners with trusted home builders in the city to construct sturdy yet stylish homes that can accommodate various family sizes and diverse lifestyles.
Moreover, the houses belong to a tight-knit community, where residents can meet new friends and raise a family.
A Community's Role in Child-Rearing
Raisingchildren.net.au, an Australian parenting website, says that the community is integral to raising a well-rounded child. The extended family and friends strengthen a child's sense of belonging, while the neighbourhood creates a warm atmosphere and provides opportunities for the child to build skills and follow interests.
A child who is connected to friends and the community feels secure and has people they can go to when they need help, apart from their parents and siblings.
The Community at Quenda Hammond Park
Quenda Hammond Park is a community of choice for rearing well-rounded kids. It provides charming houses and lots in the midst of a close-knit neighbourhood. It also offers beautiful streetscapes, playgrounds and parks that bring community members together.
The houses are nothing short of spacious, and residents can customise them further. They can add patios, pools, game rooms and even home theatres. “Lots that are larger on average than others in the area means Quenda is your home of possibilities,” says its website.
Moreover, the houses are a hop, skip and a jump away from vital institutions like childcare facilities, kindergartens and primary, secondary and tertiary schools. They're also near fitness clubs, train stations and medical centres. Entertainment is not a problem — Perth boasts various amusement parks, aquatic centres, shopping hubs, bars and restaurants, nature reserves and more.
With elegant, spacious homes and a great community, Quenda Hammond Park is a great place to raise a family.
About Quenda Hammond Park
Quenda Hammond Park is a property development that offers stunning house and land packages in Hammond Park, Perth. It takes pride in its a tight-knit community that's near educational facilities, hospitals, recreational places and other important institutions.
For more information, visit https://quendaliving.com.au/.
Great Lakes Invitational ContestRegister for your chance to win tickets to the 2018 Great Lakes Invitational on January 1-2 at Little Caesars Arena!
Jamie and Stoney Great Lakes Invitational Ticket GiveawayThe 53rd annual Great Lakes Invitational is coming to Little Caesars Arena on January 1-2, 2018. Michigan, Michigan State, Michigan Tech and Bowling Green will compete for the MacInnes Cup in this holiday tradition. Jamie and Stoney have your VIP access including four premium seats, a $100 gift certificate to Made in Detroit, a pre-game penalty box visit and a Great Lakes Invitational prize pack. Listen to Jamie and Stoney on December 20 from 6:00 am - 10:00 am for your chance to win.
WWJ Weekend Box Office 12/14/17 - DSO Ring Without Words
Miller Lite Appearance - Twin Peaks97.1 The Ticket and Miller Lite have teamed up to give away Detroit Lions tickets. Come to the Twin Peaks in Southgate on December 15 from 7:00 pm – 9:00 pm for your chance to win a four-pack to see the Detroit Lions vs Green Bay on December 31 at Ford Field.
Off and on scattered showers and a few rumbles of thunder possible Friday. - Eric
The final date has not yet been finalized, but sometime this July recreational marijuana will become legal in Canada for people over 18 years old.
The decision by Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's Liberal government has been hailed by many as a progressive breakthrough.
But so far at least, an important piece appears to be missing from the government's plans–a piece that has a lot of members of Canada's black communities concerned.
They want the government to come up with an amnesty program to wipe the legal slate clean for those convicted of possession of cannabis, a disproportionate amount of whom are black.
So far, the government has dithered, saying there will be no amnesty until after the legislation comes into effect.
That's not soon enough for many in black communities, well-aware of the all-too-pernicious effects of past stereotyping of too many young black men, who many studies show are no more likely to smoke pot than any other group.
Concerned lawyers at some prominent law firms are considering class action suits to get the government moving.
Others are considering another route.
Annamaria Enenajor, a partner at the Toronto law firm Ruby Shiller & Enenajor, is contemplating a legal challenge under the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms.
I spoke with her at her office on Friday.
Join in the fun as dragon boats prepare for battle
IN A FEW weeks time, Willen Lake in Milton Keynes will reverberate to the sound of beating drums and there is still time to get your team together and join in the fun.
The Milton Keynes Dragon Boat Festival, supported by Business MK and MKFM, celebrates its 17thanniversary on Saturday 23rdJune and around half the teams that take part each year are new - so why not join them on the start line?
All the entered teams this year are being encouraged to raise sponsorship for MacIntyre, a national charity based in Milton Keynes that supports over 1,500 children, young people and adults who have a learning disability or autism.
To make the most of their Festival partnership, MacIntyre are also having a team in this year's event.
Events and corporate fundraiser Jessie Easterby explains how they plan to participate fully in the day and how they will benefit.
“This is a brilliant way for us to work together and have a laugh with our colleagues. Lots of the people we support are also very excited to take part, whether that is through volunteering, paddling in the boat, helping with our catering tent or simply watching; and this is at the heart of MacIntyre, to give the people we support new and exciting opportunities, and to involve everyone in any way we can.
“Asthe Festival's new charity partner we want to experience all aspects of the event and get stuck in with the rest of the teams. Some of us are in it to win it, and others are just looking forward to a great day out.”
Over 40 crews have already booked their place on the start line and finding the right name for the crew is essential – KPMG have plumped for Row Hard or Row Home whilst Frost Landscapes' two teams are Tree Huggersand Niff Naff n Triv. Interserve are clearly not too hopeful as they have named their team “Intersink”.
The dragon boats, qualified helms and all racing equipment are provided by organisers Gable Events and each crew is guaranteed a minimum of three races. No previous experience is needed to take part and everyone has a chance to be a winner.
Medals and trophies are up for grabs for the top three crews, top mixed crew and the ‘best dressed' crew.
The top fundraisers for MacIntyre will win the Charity trophy plus a special prize meal, sponsored by Merinvest, at Melis Restaurant in Central Milton Keynes – a great incentive.
As well as the dragon boat racing, crews and their families will be able to enjoy a whole variety of bankside entertainment including a funfair, inflatables, food stalls - and even a special flypast by a Dakota aircraft, one of the most iconic aircraft from military history.
For further information and an entry form visit www.dragonboatfestivals.co.uk/miltonkeynes or call Gable Events on 01780 470 718.
30-05-2018
Barnaby Joyce says he might have New Zealand citizenship, by descent, but did not quit cabinet or parliament and instead referred his election to the High Court
Published 12:06 PM, August 14, 2017
SYDNEY, Australia – Australian Deputy Prime Minister Barnaby Joyce's political future was in doubt Monday, August 14, after it emerged he may be a dual citizen, placing the conservative government's slim parliamentary majority at risk.
Australia does not allow dual citizens to sit in parliament, meaning Joyce's revelation that he possibly holds New Zealand citizenship has major implications for the government.
The obscure rule was little known until recently but several lawmakers have fallen victim to it in recent months, leaving parliamentarians scrambling to clarify their ancestral ties.
"Needless to say, I was shocked to receive this information," Joyce told parliament about the news he may be a dual citizen.
"I've always been an Australian citizen born in (regional city) Tamworth. Neither me nor my parents had any reason to believe that I may be a citizen of any other country."
The dual citizenship crisis kicked off in July when the minor Greens party's co-deputy leader Scott Ludlam resigned after revealing he had dual Australian-New Zealand citizenship.
The crisis soon claimed other victims, including Canadian-born Greens senator Larissa Waters and Resources Minister Matt Canavan, who left cabinet after finding his mother signed him up to Italian citizenship in his 20s.
Joyce said Monday he might have New Zealand citizenship, by descent, but did not quit cabinet or parliament and instead referred his election to the High Court.
"The New Zealand High Commission contacted me to advise that on the basis of preliminary advice from the department of internal affairs... considered that I could be a citizen of New Zealand by descent," he said.
While Joyce – the leader of the Nationals party – is born in Australia, he told parliament his father was born in neighboring New Zealand and moved to Australia in 1947.
The revelations could spark a crisis for Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull's Liberal-National coalition government, which won national elections last year with 76 seats in the House of Representatives – a narrow one-seat majority.
Turnbull on Monday wrote to Labor opposition leader Bill Shorten to ask if his party wanted to refer any MPs over their citizenship status to the High Court so all the cases could be considered as a bloc, The Australian newspaper reported.
Canavan and minor party One Nation's Indian-born Malcolm Roberts have already had their elections referred to the court, with the judicial body to decide if they had taken reasonable steps to renounce their foreign allegiances.
Almost half of Australia's 24-million-strong population is made up of people born overseas or who had at least one parent born overseas, last year's census revealed.
Indigenous people account for about three percent of the population. – Rappler.com
TORONTO — Ricky Ray is returning to the Toronto Argonauts.
The Argos announced Friday that Ray has signed a one-year deal with the CFL club in 2018. He was eligible to become a free agent Feb. 13.
"Ricky Ray will go down as one of the greatest quarterbacks to ever play in the CFL, but we are thrilled he's not done adding to his historic career just yet,” GM Jim Popp said in a statement. “We are very excited to welcome him back for another season in the Double Blue.”
Ray, 38, led Toronto to a Grey Cup title last year, a CFL-record fourth as a starter, to cap the club's first season under head coach Marc Trestman. Following the Argos' 27-24 win over the Calgary Stampeders in November at TD Place, Ray said he was going to take some time to decide his football future.
Ray also said at the time if he decided to continue playing, it would be with Toronto. The Argos acquired Ray prior to the 2012 season from the Edmonton Eskimos and Ray rewarded his new club by leading it to victory in the 100th Grey Cup game at Rogers Centre.
Last December, Toronto acquired quarterback James Franklin from Edmonton and signed the 26-year-old to a two-year deal. Ray's return gives the Argos a potentially potent 1-2 punch under centre.
Ray enjoyed a resurgence under Trestman last season.
After being limited to just 12 games over two injury-plagued campaigns, Ray made 17 starts and registered his first 5,000-yard passing season since '08 in leading the Argos (9-9) atop the East Division after finishing last in '16 with a 5-13 mark.
Ray went through a similar process following the 2016 season before deciding to continue playing.
The day Trestman was hired, he named Ray his starter and Ray responded by leading Toronto back to the CFL playoffs and being named the East Division's outstanding player.
Hrithik Roshan who is currently shooting for his upcoming Super 30 has been treating his fans and followers with pictures from the sets. The actor has been making our heart skip a beat since the time he appeared on the silver screen. After his success in Kaabil, this Greek god is all set to appear next in Vikas Bahl-directed Super 30.
This glamorous and versatile actor has been creating waves for his never seen before Bihari teacher avatar for his first ever biopic. With Super 30, Hrithik will be seen portraying the role of a mathematician who trains 30 meritorious students from the backward society for IIT entrance exam.
Ever since the first look released the actor has been showered with praises for his look. With a beard and unkempt hair, the actor has perfectly got into the skin of the character.
Hrithik has been quite active on social media providing small glimpses of what the movie might hold. By uploading real shoot locations, Hrithik has been keeping his fans wanting for more.
Spanning across cities, Super 30 has completed its first schedules in real locations like Benaras and Sambhar. He was seen adding, "Beauty can be found in the most unlikely places if only you look for them. #theblissofsolitude #stillness #a portrait#Super30 #worktakesyouplaces".
From the enchanting ghats of Benaras to a picturesque Sambhar, Hrithik has been sharing tidbits from his "Super 30" shoot life. We all can understand how Hrithik is in love with his travel diaries for his work purpose.
The actor who has been surprising the audience and critics alike with his versatile portrayal of varied roles has got everyone intrigued by his upcoming film Super 30.
This will be the first time that Hrithik will be seen playing the role of a real-life character. Based on Anand Kumar's educational program Super 30, the film will showcase Hrithik Roshan in a never seen before avatar.
Helmed by Vikas Bahl, Presented by Sajid Nadiadwala's NGE Productions, 'Super 30' starring Hrithik Roshan is slated to release on 25th January 2019.
A machine learning approach for assessing images of the craters and dunes of Mars, which was developed at The University of Manchester, has now been adapted to help scientists measure the effects of treatments on tumours.
Because tumours are not uniform and different parts of them change at varying speeds, it is difficult for researchers to see what effects their treatments are having against a background of changes that would happen anyway.
Typically, to obtain meaningful results scientists have to look at average changes in tumours using many samples, often in animals. With conventional statistical methods, it can be difficult to assess the effects of treatment on individuals, as would be required for personalised medicine.
The machine learning technique was developed at Manchester to help planetary scientists map features on planets such as Mars. It was designed to better understand the errors and uncertainties of observations, thereby enabling researchers to present their findings with confidence.
The Manchester team, from the Division of Informatics, Imaging & Data Sciences worked in collaboration with Dr James O'Connor, Head of Imaging within the Manchester Cancer Research Centre on studies of lab mice. They applied their machine learning technique, called Linear Poisson Modelling, to the samples and were able to demonstrate a four-fold increase in the precision of tumour change measurements that detected the beneficial effects of cancer therapies.
Dr Neil Thacker, from the University's Division of Informatics, Imaging & Data Sciences, said: "The results of this study show that we can present findings which researchers can be much more certain of. This means you can get the same quality of data from one sample instead of 16."
This has important implications for research, meaning that instead of using 16 mice, in some studies only one is needed. This could help reduce the use of lab mice in medical research. It also opens up the potential for this technique to be used in patients by quickly and confidently identifying if drugs are having a specific effect on their tumours."
Linear Poisson Modelling works by learning patterns within data and how they can change. Unlike other machine learning methods, such as the popular Deep Learning, it can also assess the effects of errors in data, providing as an additional output predictions of how precise its results are. The improved modelling of data also means that fewer samples are needed to provide highly accurate results.
Dr Paul Tar, who co-developed the method during his PhD project, added: "This technique is all about making the most of 'small data', which is common in medical studies where it is difficult to obtain large numbers of samples. Researchers use charitable or public money, so it is important that they use it in the most efficient way possible, something which this technique allows."
Dr James O'Connor, a Cancer Research UK advanced clinician scientist, said: "Every person's cancer is unique, which can make treating the disease challenging as a drug that works for one patient might not work for someone else. That's why we're increasingly looking at finding new ways to make treatment more personal, and this innovative work could be a step towards that goal. The next step will be further research to find out if that's the case, and to help uncover this method's potential."
###
The paper, 'A new method for the high-precision assessment of tumor changes in response to treatment,' has been published in the journal BioInformatics. https:/ / academic. oup. com/ bioinformatics/ advance-article/ doi/ 10. 1093/ bioinformatics/ bty115/ 4934935
The paper 'Automated quantitative measurements and associated error covariances for planetary image analysis', (advances in Space Research, 2015) is available here: https:/ / www. sciencedirect. com/ science/ article/ pii/ S0273117715002549
The project was funded by the Leverhulme Trust, the Royal College of Radiologists and Cancer Research UK. Funding for Dr Tar's PhD was provided by the Science and Technology Facilities Council.
NEW YORK (AP) — A New York City council member launched an investigation Monday into the Kushner Cos.' routine filing of paperwork falsely claiming zero rent-regulated tenants in its buildings, saying that the deception should have been uncovered long ago because the documents are online for all to see.
Councilman Ritchie Torres said the city's buildings department should have spotted the falsified numbers because they were contradicted by tax documents filed with another city agency.
“The scandal is not only the deception of Kushner Cos., the scandal is the dysfunction of the city bureaucracy,” said Torres, chair of the city council's investigations committee. “The right hand of city government didn't know what the left hand was doing.”
The Associated Press reported Sunday that a tenants' rights watchdog found that the Kushner Cos. had filed more than 80 documents for 34 buildings across the city between 2013 and 2016 stating it had no rent-regulated units. But tax documents showed more than 300 rent-regulated units.
The falsified documents allowed the Kushner Cos. to escape extra scrutiny during construction projects, when the family real estate developer was run by Jared Kushner, who is now senior adviser to his father-in-law, President Donald Trump. Housing Rights Initiative, a watchdog group, said the falsified documents made it easier for the Kushner Cos. to harass rent-regulated tenants so that it could push out low-paying tenants and replace them with higher paying ones.
Current and former tenants of three buildings in Queens once owned by the Kushner Cos. told the AP that they were subjected to extensive construction, with banging, drilling, dust and leaking water that they believe were part of targeted harassment to get them to leave.
“It was noisy, there were complaints, I got mice,” said mail carrier Rudolph Romano, adding that he also bristled at a 60 percent rent increase, a hike the Kushner Cos. contends was initiated by the previous landlord. “They cleaned the place out. I watched the whole building leave.”
Tax records show rent-regulated units that numbered as many as 94 when Kushner took over fell to 25 by 2016. The Kushner Cos. sold the three Queens buildings last year for $60 million, nearly 50 percent more than it paid.
“Kushner Cos. made the lives of many of its tenants a living hell,” said Aaron Carr, founder of Housing Rights Initiative, which is joining with the Torres committee in the Kushner investigation. Construction harassment is “a tool designed to make the lives of rent stabilized tenants so unbearable, so intolerable that they are forced to give up the most valuable thing one can have in the midst of an affordable housing crisis, affordability.”
Also Monday, the office of New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman said it was also looking into the issue and planned a meeting with tenants' representatives in coming days. Both Torres and Schneiderman are Democrats.
The Kushner Cos. said in a news release Monday that “the investigation is trying to create an issue where none exists. Kushner Companies did not intentionally falsify DOB filings in an effort to harass any tenants.”
The company said it outsources the preparation of such documents to third parties and they are reviewed by independent counsel. “If mistakes or typographical errors are identified, corrective action is taken immediately with no financial benefit to the company,” the news release said.
Nearly all the permit applications were signed by a Kushner employee, sometimes by its chief operating officer. None were signed by Jared Kushner himself.
For its part, the New York Department of Buildings did not immediately comment to Torres' accusation that it should have picked up on the deception sooner. It did say, however, that it disciplined a contractor who filed false documents while working on two Kushner buildings that are currently under investigation by a tenant-harassment task force.
Submitting false documents to the city's Department of Buildings for construction permits is a misdemeanor, which can carry fines of up to $25,000. But real estate experts say it is often flouted with little to no consequences. Landlords who do so get off with no more than a demand from the city, sometimes a year or more later, to file an “amended” form with the correct numbers.
Housing Rights Initiative found the Kushner Cos. filed dozens of amended forms for the buildings mentioned in the documents, most of them a year to two later.
Exactly how much money the Kushner Cos. earned from the buildings mentioned in the documents is unclear. Of those 34 buildings, only the three in Queens and a fourth in Brooklyn appear to have been sold. The company also likely made money by reducing the number of rent-regulated tenants and bringing in those who would pay more.
Jared Kushner, who stepped down as CEO of the Kushner Cos. last year before taking on his advisory role at the White House, sold off part of his real estate holdings as required under government ethics rules. But he retained stakes in many properties, including Westminster Management, the Kushner Cos. subsidiary that oversees its residential properties. A financial disclosure last year showed he still owns a stake in Westminster and earned $1.6 million from it.
FORMER SOUTH AFRICA captain Adriaan Strauss has suggested he would be open to a return to international rugby if he felt it would benefit the team.
Strauss retired from Springboks duty in 2016 after amassing 66 caps for the side, with a back injury partly responsible for his decision to quit.
However, new South Africa coach Rassie Erasmus is thought to be keen on bringing Strauss back into the fold.
And the Bulls hooker, 32, has not ruled out one day running out again in the Springboks jersey.
“It was a big decision and I took it very seriously when I decided to retire at the end of that year,” he said. ”So, to come back would be just as big a decision.
“I want to contribute any way that I can and if it is possible it is definitely something to look at, but to me it must be worth it. I must be able to contribute to SA Rugby and the team.
“Like I said, it wasn't an easy decision to retire and it wouldn't be an easy one to return, if I have the opportunity.”
- Omni
Motorists are being warned of even more delays on the A1058 Coast Road this week.
A section of the Coast Road will be closed off peak to traffic on Thursday as work continues to install the new Norham Road Bridge.
Following the successful installation of precast concrete beams over the weekend of December 1 to 4, the contractors are now set to create the new road deck.
Two large pumps will be used to pour concrete between and over the newly-installed beams and to do this quickly and efficiently, they will need to be positioned on the road beneath the bridge.
As a result the Coast Road will be closed to all traffic between 9.30am and 3.30pm with vehicles being diverted up and over the existing slip-roads whilst the concrete pour is carried out.
Pedestrian and cycle access across the Coast Road will be maintained throughout, using the remaining part of the old bridge.
The work has been carefully planned to minimize disruption, but motorists should expect some minor delays on Thursday.
Drivers are asked to exercise caution when using the clearly-signposted diversions on the slip roads and they are also asked to be considerate to the needs of pedestrians and cyclists.
The work is being done as part of North Tyneside Council's £7.2million Coast Road Improvement Scheme.
The scheme consists of three phases of work. Phases one and two – the widening of Beach Road and the replacement of the Billy Mill roundabout with a new signalised junction – were completed on time by the council's partner, Capita.
The construction of the new Norham Road Bridge is being carried out for the council by Sisk Lagan JV – the contractors who are also working on the new Silverlink interchange.
Joshua Gualtieri
Writer
Turnout for student elections is notoriously low. Is there a better way?
To the outside world, student politics have long been something of a punchline. Whether in parody on shows like Fresh Meat, or (more recently) as part of a greater part of “snowflake” campus culture to be denigrated by Daily Mail journalists and political commentators. Former Rector candidate Milo Yiannopoulos characterised students as coming to university to “create atrociously-designed and poorly-spelled placards complaining about nothing very much” in a profile-interview during his campaign.
Given this context, it might be assumed that student elections would be hotly-contested and placard-heavy, but this is not the case. Data released by the National Union of Students (NUS) in 2015 gave an average election turnout for its constituent unions as 18%. The University of Glasgow is not known historically for its abundant electoral enthusiasm; the figure for voter turnout in the 2012 SRC elections was only 15%. In contrast, St. Andrews recorded a historic 52% turnout in elections for its Student Association in the same year. While official turnout figures for this year have not been published (at time of writing) by any of the four student bodies affiliated with the University, it does not seem as though the situation has improved a great deal in the last five years. Current SRC president Kate Powell was elected unopposed to the position with 1432 votes – just over 5% of the student body. Likewise, this year's rectorial election was postponed as not a single candidate had been nominated during the initial window. Proceedings only continued following the creation of an online petition, and an emergency vote held by the SRC in response to re-open nominations for a two-week period in March. Even after the controversial nominations of Milo Yiannopoulos and Brace Belden and the accompanying national media coverage, voter turnout on polling day was only 31%.
Interestingly, this lack of political engagement in students and young people fits the other side of a publicly-held stereotype about young people, that we are politically apathetic on a national scale, and fail to vote to our own detriment. It was this sentiment that led to a plethora of brow-furrowing think-pieces in the run up to June's general election with titles like “How do you solve Britain's youth voting crisis?” and “What will get Britain's youth voting?”. However, what previously had been considered a truism of British politics proved to be fodder for the post-election analysis on the resurgence of the Labour Party. An Ipsos MORI estimate placed turnout among 18-24 year olds on voting day at 64%, the highest since 1994, and up by 20% from their estimate for the previous election in 2015.
Of course, increased political engagement on a national platform by voters of a student age does not translate into a more vibrant political life on campus. But it begs the question: if students and young people can challenge the stereotype of apathy on a national scale – despite the fact that this very apathy has made their concerns a low priority for political parties – then why does the level of engagement in campus politics, where students could make a tangible difference to their own lives, remain as stagnant as before? Glasgow's student bodies have a vaunted history of producing recent Scottish political titans, with both Sir Menzies Campbell and Charles Kennedy having sat as President of the GUU, as well as the (first) First Minister Donald Dewar who was also honorary secretary of the SRC. Yet, the current Presidents of the SRC and the GUU were both elected uncontested, in votes that failed to exceed recent expectations. Is it a mistake to think that students are naturally inclined to participate in student politics? Or is our complacency something that can be attributed at least in part to student institutions themselves?
Addressing the sense of apathy that he personally feels towards student politics, third year student Patrick told me “perhaps it's because of my own bias, but I don't know much about the different political bodies in the University and their function in the University system.” Putting it bluntly, fellow third year student Ed said of the political bodies at Glasgow that “they do such a shite job of publicising what they do to render it sort of useless.” The blame for this lack of awareness can't be laid wholly on the student bodies, but the correlation between poor publicity and low student engagement is one that has been noted in the past. The NUS data from 2015 showed that average election turnout was highest in the category of universities that spent the most promoting their elections – although these did also happen to be the universities with the most money TO spend (looking at you, St. Andrews).
Many of the students I asked identified a major reason for student apathy as being the complacency of the student bodies themselves. One student who asked to remain anonymous said that “the SRC is notorious for doing the absolute bare minimum and offering absolutely nothing other than what's already become expected.” Politics student Henry told me that “we don't really care about student politics because it's literally never about the issues. They don't really do anything, so we don't really care.” While it might be unfair to accuse the SRC of doing the bare minimum, it has been criticised in the past for its complacency. An SRC campaign launched this September to increase the use of lecture recording facilities in the University came after an article and petition launched by The Glasgow Guardian's own Georgina Hayes last year, and as mentioned above, the reopening of this year's rectorial nominations also came only after the creation of an online petition. The GUU also famously introduced an Equality and Diversity policy in 2013, but only in the wake of the “debategate” scandal in which two visiting female debaters complained about sexist heckling during the GUU Ancients debating competition. The student bodies are supposed to act in the interests of their constituents; do knee jerk responses to public outcry or acting out of absolute necessity really satisfy this responsibility?
If the student bodies don't create engagement based on their policies, how do they stimulate any turnout at all? A committee member of one of the student bodies (who wished to remain anonymous) gave me an answer: “I think many of us see student elections as a popularity contest – it's definitely less about the manifestos and policies as it is about the amount of friends you have who will ultimately vote for you. It seems that unless someone you know is running, you won't necessarily hear about or take part in the elections, which exacerbates the apathy.” The sentiment that student elections are more of a social affair could perhaps be due to the influence of social media in campaigning – during election week last year, personalised snapchat filters and Facebook pages for individual candidates were in abundance, forms of campaigning which depend at least partially on popularity or social capital (how many friends you can badger into sharing your event or campaign page). If a candidate can run a winning campaign without having to build it on the issues and the policies that affect students, then it seems perfectly valid to ask why they would bother. Likewise, if a student's interaction with campus politics is limited to a few weeks of social media campaigning and signs on campus each semester, it is understandable that taking part could seem more like a chore than some democratic privilege.
The problem with this model is that it is not in the interests of candidates themselves to challenge it, a factor which allows for a well-trodden path up the hierarchy of Glasgow's student bodies. The current Presidents of the GUU, GUSA and the SRC were all elected to their positions from other jobs within their respective bodies. The “popularity contest” aspect of these campaigns is one of the possible reasons why so many positions within the student bodies are uncontested, as the costs of a failed campaign could be social as well as political. Both GUU President Aslak Ringhus and SRC President Kate Powell were elected without an opponent, and in Ringhus' case his original opponent Blair Lockwood actually dropped out late in the race. Around 46% of all currently elected positions in the SRC were returned uncontested.
A lack of candidates is a symptom of the apathy already present in student politics, but lack of competition is a major problem that student bodies must tackle if they want to increase turnout – the NUS figures showed that those universities with the highest turnouts in their elections averaged 30 competing candidates. Moreover, while candidates currently have little to lose the way things are at the moment, they have a great deal to gain – a line on their CV, their name on a plaque, or, in the case of the SRC President, a paid year away from study but still at university. It's easy to see how the student bodies could struggle to stimulate external engagement in elections with essentially predetermined outcomes. With elections on the horizon and not much change since last year, Ed's view that the “GUU and QMU elections don't really even strike [him] as ‘politics', anyway” may be the dominant attitude for some time yet.
Sorry, Ottawa. Evidence unearthed by a local journalism professor and hockey history sleuth has concluded the first-ever NHL game started about half an hour earlier in Montreal on Dec. 19, 1917, clinching bragging rights for Montreal.
There were two games that night, one between the Ottawa Hockey Club and the Montreal Canadiens in Ottawa and the second between the Montreal Wanderers and the Toronto Hockey Club in Montreal.
The game in Ottawa was slated to start at 8:30 p.m., but it didn't get underway until 15 minutes later after last-minute contract negotiations were hammered out in the dressing room over games that had been added to the schedule without additional pay. All duly reported by the Ottawa Journal, says Randy Boswell, a journalism professor at Carleton University, who started mining newspaper archives to find the missing pieces of historical puzzles as a reporter at the Ottawa Citizen.
But when, exactly, the puck dropped that fateful night in Montreal has been lost to history.
The Montreal Gazette didn't record the start time, says Boswell, whose interest in the which-game-was-first question was piqued last month after NHL Commissioner Gary Bettman announced plans to celebrate the league's 100th anniversary with an outdoor game in Ottawa between the Ottawa Senators and Montreal Canadiens. In his statement, Ottawa Mayor Jim Watson called the Dec. 16 game a “celebration of the 100th anniversary of the very first NHL game, which took place in the nation's capital in 1917.”
Boswell set out to find out if Watson's statement was strictly true — and he was sure the answer could be found in newspapers.
The start time of the game wasn't necessarily interesting to reporters covering the games back in 1917, says Boswell. “What's interesting today wasn't necessarily interesting 100 years ago. With hockey history, the only thing that's interesting is that the NHL is making a big deal out of it. Microscopic detail can suddenly become interesting.”
Combing through newspaper archives has become a task that has become much easier than newspaper archives have been digitized. Boswell was sitting on his couch and not digging through paper files or hunched over a microfilm reader when he found a key bit of information in an advertisement in the defunct French-language newspaper, Le Canada. The ad stated 8:15 p.m. as the start time for the Montreal game, at least half an hour before the puck dropped in Ottawa.
“Old (newspaper) hacks seem to capture incidental facts that elude historians. It gets recorded, then it gets ignored for many decades,” he says. “In a sense, it wasn't difficult to find. It was something that was sitting there the whole time. ”
Boswell's critical tidbit of information was corroborated by hockey historian Jean-Patrice Martel, president of the Society for International Hockey Research, who found a similar ad in another defunct French-language paper, La Patrie, which also specified the 8:15 p.m. start time.
“By the time the game got started in Ottawa, there's a good chance that the first period was finished, or about to be finished in Montreal,” says Martel. “It's a small piece of trivia. But it gives us the final word on the beginning of the NHL. Now we know exactly when it started. For historians like me, it's wonderful.”
Boswell's discovery also clears up any dispute about other NHL firsts. Wanderers defenceman Dave Ritchie scored the first NHL goal in Montreal about a minute and a half into the game. In Ottawa, Canadiens star Joe Malone opened the scoring six and a half minutes into the Ottawa game. The credit goes to Ritchie. The distinction of scoring the NHL's first “natural hat trick” — three consecutive goals— goes to Malone.
At a press conference at the Fairmont Château Laurier last month, Bettman referred to Dec. 19, 1917 as “a night that launched 100 years of NHL hockey.”
“We believe that (at) 100 years old, our game has never been faster, stronger, more skilled or better. We also believe the first 100 years are only the beginning,” he said. “So, to launch our next 100 years, we believe it's only right to bring the Senators and the Canadiens back together.”
Does the new information suggest that perhaps the NHL should consider a rematch between Toronto and Montreal instead of a game in Ottawa? Both Boswell and Martel say no.
“The first game involved a team that no longer exists. Of course, one might argue that that Senators are not the team they were then,” says Martel.
“The Canadiens existed, and they were in Ottawa. It's the closest you can come to celebrating the first evening of NHL hockey.”
Randy Boswell's discovery confirms these NHL firsts:
First NHL game: Toronto vs. Montreal Wanderers, Montreal Arena, Dec. 19, 1917, 8:15 p.m.
First NHL goal: Dave Ritchie, Montreal Wanderers, 1:32 of first period (according to Le Canada game report)
First NHL puck-drop: Either Jack Marshall or Tom Melville (referees of game between Toronto and Wanderers)
First NHL hat trick: Harry Hyland, Montreal Wanderers
First NHL goalie to record a win: Bert Lindsay (father of NHL legend Ted Lindsay), Montreal Wanderers
First NHL “natural” hat trick: Joe Malone, Montreal Canadiens (vs. Ottawa, Dec. 19, 1917)
Firs NHL penalty: Art Ross, Montreal Wanderers (infraction unknown)
Scroll for more content...
Rep. Jeff Denham wanted in.
For nearly 10 minutes on Monday, the Republican congressman from California's central valley stood at the door of a building that he believed to be housing unaccompanied migrant children, some of whom had been separated at the border.
He kept knocking, but no one answered.
"They've been told by (the Office of Refugees and Resettlement) not to answer the door or talk to you for right now," a security guard outside the premises told Denham.
"They knew I was coming a week ago," Denham fired back.
Denham is the latest member to attempt to enter a facility housing unaccompanied minors. While many members have toured facilities, the rules surrounding such tours are heavily enforced, including guidance from the Department of Health and Human Services that lawmakers should request such tours two weeks in advance. Denham said he requested a tour more than a week prior.
As he fights for his political life back home, Denham's become a high-profile member in recent months in Washington, the leader of a rarely used procedural motion known as a discharge petition, which would have bypassed Republican leaders and forced votes on four separate immigration bills. Denham eventually abandoned the petition in favor of working with House leaders to craft a Republican-only bill. Monday's visit came less than a week after the vulnerable House moderate watched as his colleagues overwhelmingly reject an immigration bill he spent weeks negotiating, a bill that had intermittent support from the White House and earned just 121 votes.
His role in the immigration debate isn't lost on his constituents back home.
Earlier that morning, more than an hour east of the immigration facility, Denham stood at the front of the Waterford Community Baptist Church trying to answer for his role in the latest immigration debate back in Congress. The issue isn't hypothetical here. California's 10th Congressional District is heavily agricultural and more than 40% Hispanic, a place where the local church doubles as a tutoring center where adults can come to learn English as a second language at night and a place where local farmers will tell you they've struggled to find enough workers in recent years to harvest their walnut and peach crops.
"I'm not happy that you're involved with the discharge petition," one woman states at the beginning of a question and answer session in Waterford, California. "I'm not at all happy about that."
"The only thing I know is that the United States cannot take care of everyone that wants to come. We have people of our own here. And I know this is a wonderful country to come to, but we do also have to think about we can't overload it," said Myrna Stine, a local resident who says she'll still vote for Denham.
Denham tries to defuse the situation when he's on the road. It's a balance in a district that Hillary Clinton won by 3 percentage points in 2016.
Not everyone is critical. At a local taqueria in Hughson, in the back of the restaurant by the bar, Marie Assali tells Denham, "I feel bad for you," noting that she watches the news and sees all the coverage he's getting in Washington as he tried to pull the immigration bill together.
"I'm really happy with what he's trying to do with immigration," Assali told CNN. She and her husband work in agriculture and are very familiar with the limitations of the current system. "I don't understand all of the different aspects. I just want the people who want to be in America, that want to work, that are already here with their families, I think they should have a chance to stay."
Greg Bennett tells CNN he thinks Denham is at least "going in the right direction."
"At least he has the mind to know that we have a problem and is willing to fix it," Bennett says.
"This immigration debate's been tough," Denham said at the conclusion of his meet and greet in Waterford. "It's been difficult. It's pushed me to do things that I never thought I would do before, but sitting back and taking a backseat and doing nothing is not an option."
Denham's Democratic opponent is 31-year-old former venture capitalist and junior college teacher Josh Harder, who is taking aim at Denham's latest role in the immigration debate. Harder has argued that Denham gave up on real immigration reform and instead opted for a watered-down, Republican-only bill that died in the House anyway. It's part of Harder's push and the broader narrative that Harder believes Denham has abandoned the district on immigration, health care and tax reform.
"Every single time push comes to shove, he abandons his constituents and votes his party line," Harder told CNN in an interview Monday. "This district is sick and tired of a trail of broken promises with nothing to back it up."
Denham tells constituents when asked that the immigration issue "has to" be solved this year, but there's little reality it could happen. House leaders were already skittish about debating immigration just months ahead of a midterm election. With their backs against the wall because of the discharge petition, they engaged. But now, the only immigration debate that could come back to the floor is a bill that would narrowly address family separations and perhaps a bill to deal with a guest worker program. After Denham's bill and a more conservative proposal have both fallen short, there's little optimism another comprehensive bill would gain traction this year in the fractured GOP conference.
On the front steps of the immigration facility in the suburbs of San Francisco, Denham vows just like he has with comprehensive immigration, that he'll try again. But the odds are stacked against him. For nearly an hour, Denham tried to call contacts he had, but no one inside the facility would answer. Instead, a maintenance worker on the property came out and handed Denham a piece of paper with contacts he already had.
Denham left not knowing key pieces of information about the facility. How many children it housed, how many children inside had been separated from their parents as a result of the zero-tolerance practice on the border or how those children were being cared for.
"We don't know and that's part of the frustration," Denham said. "If they have a good accounting of exactly where these unaccompanied minors are, if they know exactly how many kids have been taken away from their parents and how they plan to reunite them, those are the answers that we should see. We should not only be able to see the conditions that these kids have, where they are sleeping, whether or not they are getting an education while they are here, whether or not they are eating while they are here, we should know all of these issues up front."
Denham vowed to come back.
"I'll go back to the district tonight, but obviously this issue isn't going away," Denham said.
The assaults on Love have been relentless and brutal. While he never displayed his emotions publicly, he was stung by the criticism, which drove him into a shell and made him guarded.
He trusted no one.
"It's been a learning experience," he said. "I came in averaging 25 (points) and 10 (rebounds) and was the man and right on the cusp of the playoffs. And then I was supposed to win a championship and I was trying to figure all that out with two ball-dominant guys, and it was a process.
"It was tough for me. Not only that, I was trying to learn so much with trying to be able to deal with what's sometimes called a circus around here, that sort of thing."
As the Cavs were in the early stages this year of what has turned into one of the most turbulent seasons in memory, Love was thrust into an uncomfortable, and as it turned out, life-changing situation.
During a heated team meeting on Jan. 22, he was questioned by some teammates for leaving a Jan. 20 game against Oklahoma City and missing practice the next day. Love explained that he suffers from panic attacks and was getting help. He then wrote an essay for the Player's Tribune, detailing his struggles and describing a previous episode in a November game.
Love's revelation came while he was recovering from a broken left hand that sidelined him for nearly two months. It was a sensitive subject, and he initially worried about reaction or backlash.
And that's the warming part of his journey.
Love received thousands of emails from people thanking him for coming forward. Not a day passed that he wasn't approached by someone who wanted to talk, to tell him they were proud.
"That was the coolest thing about it," he said. "So many people came up to me and felt like they could share their stories. I wouldn't say I was like this 10 years ago, but I've become a lot more of an empathetic person and that has helped me in my relationship with my family, my best friends and just anybody that has come up to me and just shared their stories. I like that it has established a community, not only in Cleveland but everywhere."
It has also changed his daily professional interactions. Love, who has received counselling, said it's understandable if others see him in a new light.
But he made it clear he's not looking for sympathy.
"I don't want them to treat me different in there," he said, circling his finger above one of the Cavs' practice courts. "I don't want them to make any excuse. That wasn't the point. In the meetings I always say basketball is my safeguard. It's where I go to escape so all that other stuff goes away. It's the other times where my mind takes control, where I can be my own worst enemy."
Cavs coach Tyronn Lue said he urged Love to let things go, not worry and play.
"I told him," said Lue, who missed time this season with his own health issues, "'just be yourself, have fun. You're one of the best players in the league. You make a lot of money. Relax.'"
Love's had an uneven post-season. He struggled in the first round against Indiana and scored just seven points in the series opener against Toronto before bouncing back with 31 in Game 2.
Last week, he was knocked out of Game 6 of the Eastern Conference finals following a first-quarter collision with Celtics rookie Jayson Tatum. Love was placed in the NBA's concussion protocol, and his replacement, Jeff Green, came up big and helped the Cavs win Game 7 in Boston.
Love remained in protocol on Wednesday and his status for the series opener is in doubt.
As his teammates were handed 2018 Finals T-shirts and caps on the floor afterward, Love was nowhere in sight after watching the game from a back room at TD Garden.
It was another twist in this strained season for Love, who has learned to take everything in stride.
The next stop on his odyssey is the NBA final, and a chance to finish on a high note.
Love believes he's already hit one in Cleveland.
"For me, the glass has always been half full. Whether I'll play here four years or 14 years, I will have looked back and said it was a great time," he said. "This has all been worth it. We got to hang a banner and hopefully there will be more to come."
Black bear caught, killed after ripping up tent in Montana
BOZEMAN, Mont. (AP) — Montana wildlife officials say a black bear has been killed after it was captured for ripping up a tent in a campground.
Montana Fish, Wildlife and Parks supervisor Mark Deleray tells the Bozeman Daily Chronicle that the decision to kill the bear was made to avoid future conflicts because it had become accustomed to people.
FWP spokesman Greg Lemon confirmed the bear was euthanized Tuesday morning.
Deleray says people driving past a campsite in Hyalite Canyon on Saturday saw the bear breaking into the tent. They yelled at the bear, but it showed no fear.
FWP officials set a trap, and the bear was captured Sunday. Deleray says it is very likely the same bear that caused run-ins with people in the area last year.
___
Information from: Bozeman Daily Chronicle, http://www.bozemandailychronicle.com
Local News > Archive > October 2017 > 6
<< "Veterans Stand-Down offers access to services" - "Putting on a show" >>
Wild west comes to Wayne County
By Rochelle Moore
Published in News on October 6, 2017 5:50 AM
Full Size News-Argus/CASEY MOZINGO Children line the fence at the Western Gunfight Show with their ears covered Wednesday at the Wayne Regional Agricultural Fair. Full Size News-Argus/CASEY MOZINGO Performers run around shooting guns and dodging imaginary bullets, eventually tumbling to the ground as if they had been shot, during the annual Western Gunfight Show at the fair.
Ed Gurkins darted out of the sheriff's office with several deputies locked in a gunfight in a western town set up at the Wayne Regional Agricultural Fair.
Deputies continued to shoot at outlaws, who were hidden behind barrels and other barricades.
The shots from rifles and pistols continued, as the Western Gunfight Show actors joked about shooting blanks.
"He's not dead yet," one of the deputies said.
A shooting granny emerged and shot at the deputies with her rifle. After the outlaws were down on the ground, appearing to be dead, a deputy noticed one was wearing new boots. Then, he shot a hole in each and joked how they weren't new anymore.
"We're going to take our hats off now and say a few words over these pour souls," Gurkins said.
The Western Gunfight Show is an annual tradition at the fair and includes a group of local residents, Gurkins said.
"We're just having fun, letting people get a little laugh and have a little enjoyment," he said.
The shows, held each night at 8:30 p.m. except Thursday, are never the same.
"We don't do the same thing every night," he said. "We don't know what we're going to do until we get out here. We just ad lib it and go."
The shows include a bank robbery or jail break or both.
"We don't do anything fancy," he said. "It's just for fun."
During the gunfight show, crowds gather around the gate at the western town to watch. The show typically lasts a few minutes.
"It was short but sweet," said Sabrina Wiggs, who said the show reminded her of western cowboy movies and North Carolina's Tweetsie Railroad theme park.
"It was a great show and it was funny and very comical."
The Sioux Valley Optimists meet every Monday at noon at the E. 20th St. Pizza Ranch, but they do so much more than that. The Sioux Valley Optimists aim to bring out the best in this community's young people, the community, and themselves.
But they can't do it alone so on Saturday, February 24, they are hosting a fundraiser entitled Bowling for Kids.
Bowling for Kids will take place at Eastway Bowl located at 3201 E. 10th St. from 1:30 PM until 4 PM.
All proceeds will benefit youth organizations supported by the Sioux Valley Optimist Club.
A four-person team is $100 or you can register as an individual for $25. There are also sponsorship opportunities.
The fundraiser is just for fun, so don't worry if you're not a very good bowler. Everyone participates is a winner because they are helping out such a great cause.
For more information or to register yourself or a team, check out siouxvalleyoptimist.com.
This is such a fun event. I took part last year and am I looking forward to it again this year.
Flu:
See Also:
A Phoronix reader recently inquired about whether power-saving utilities like Intel PowerTop and TLP are still useful for conserving power on modern Linux distributions and modern hardware. The short answer is, yes, and here are some numbers.
Using a Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon with a Core i7 5600U "Broadwell" was used for this round of testing to represent a laptop that is well-supported on Linux (as opposed to a Kabylake or so system with yet to be fully vetted support) and based upon what I had available for testing. This i7-5600U laptop also was comprised of 8GB of DDR3 memory, 128GB SSD, and using the integrated HD Graphics 5500.
This system was running Ubuntu 17.10 and the configurations tested included:
- Ubuntu 17.10 in a "stock" or "out of the box" experience when using its Linux 4.13 kernel, GNOME Shell 3.26.1 with Wayland, and Mesa 17.2.2 atop an EXT4 file-system.
- Upgrading the Ubuntu 17.10 system to Linux 4.15 Git for showing the power consumption when using the very latest kernel cycle.
- This Ubuntu 17.10 + Linux 4.15 system then with Intel PowerTop installed and changing all the tunables to their "good" values for maximum power-savings.
- Installing TLP and using its default power-saving options.
While the Lenovo ThinkPad notebook was running on battery power, a variety of benchmarks were carried out using the Phoronix Test Suite to automatically poll the battery usage both while idling at the GNOME Wayland desktop and when carrying out a few benchmarks.
Additional tests were also carried out using an ASUS UX32VDA laptop with a Core i7 3517U Ivy Bridge CPU with 4GB of RAM, dual 128GB SanDisk SSDs, and Ivy Bridge graphics.
By Thu Thu Aung and Yimou Lee
YANGON (Reuters) - Myanmar will delay a long-awaited reform that would open the door further to foreign investment, two officials told Reuters, a move likely to disappoint cash-starved businesses amid growing doubts over the management of the economy by the country's leader, Aung San Suu Kyi.
The postponement of the corporate reform, which would have allowed foreign companies to take up to a 35 percent stake in Myanmar companies, will likely deal a fresh blow to investor confidence in Suu Kyi's administration.
Economic reform is a key goal for her to complete Myanmar's democratic transition after decades of isolation under military rule.
The delay underscores the daunting challenge facing Suu Kyi, whose promise of a reformist government that would attract foreign investment is under threat.
Some aid to Myanmar is already being withheld and investors are concerned that the sanctions that long hobbled the country's economy will be reinstated over its treatment of its Rohingya minority.
A Myanmar companies law, which could bring much-needed foreign capital to the country after decades of mismanagement by the former military junta, was approved last week by President Htin Kyaw without a commencement date specified.
Aung Naing Oo, head of Myanmar's Directorate of Investment and Company Administration (DICA), told Reuters the authorities may not be ready to implement the new rules until as late as August 2018, after bylaws were prepared and a company registry that he said was vital to enforcement was completed.
"We really want to implement the law as soon as possible but there are many things for us to do," he said, declining to elaborate what bylaws were needed. He said the government would make sure implementation would be no later than August 1. "We have to make sure the reform is on the right track."
Myo Min, director of DICA, said the authorities needed up to eight months to "work on the guidance and operating manual" for the country's first modern online registry, an initiative driven by the Asian Development Bank to electronically revamp the country's company registry to boost transparency.
The law includes a first set of modern corporate governance regulations, in some parts replacing rules made over a century ago, to bring the country's business regulatory framework closer to international standards.
At issue is a clause that allows foreigners to take up to a 35 percent share in local companies, which would give local businesses access to a larger capital pool and open up the door for mergers and acquisitions in sectors that are in urgent need of an injection of cash from banking to property.
The delay of the much-anticipated reform comes as Suu Kyi faces criticism that she has neglected economic reforms. Growth in both foreign investment and gross domestic product have slowed since her National League for Democracy took office last year in one of the region's poorest countries.
Htay Aung, president of the property-to-trading conglomerate Sakura Trade Center, said putting off implementation of the law "was bad for business as it will bring delays and extra costs, which result in losses".
The company is seeking $100 million in over­seas financing for a condominium development in Myanmar's commercial hub, Yangon. "Foreign investment will be postponed and local businessmen will be disappointed."
"MISSED OPPORTUNITY"
Investors have been waiting for the corporate reform, which was initiated by the former military-backed government in 2014. It establishes guidelines on how a company is run and governed, removing outdated rules on share transfers and offering greater protection to shareholders.
But Chris Hughes, a lawyer with Berwin Leighton Paisner in Yangon who was commissioned to draft the rules, said it was a "missed opportunity" for Suu Kyi's administration.
"I can't see a compelling economic reason or policy behind the delay. It seems more driven by technology or administrative factors."
William Greenlee, managing director at law firm DFDL in Yangon, said the business community would struggle with the delay.
"International investors are watching and it's wins like this that create a buzz and can materialize into a profound and sustained increase in foreign investment," he said. "The euphoria will quickly turn to disappointment if it's not implemented quickly."
Aung Naing Oo of DICA said there would be no negative impact on investment. "Investors always need to take some time before they invest," he said. "So this actually is the time for investors to make preparation to invest in Myanmar."
The Asian Development Bank, which gives financial and technical assistance to Myanmar, said "it is ultimately the government's decision when the law comes into force" and declined to comment further.
(Writing By Yimou Lee; Editing by Philip McClellan)
The train started to make speed around 5:10 in the morning. Leaving the depot, it derailed a couple of 100 yards further on.
Automatic safety procedures make sure that depot rails are not connected to the main network for passenger traffic when no trains are scheduled to leave, an expert speaking on behalf of Infrabel, the company responsible for rail infrastructure, told the VRT, speaking anonymously.
Works are going on to get the train back on track. Belgian Rail is taking the matter of the escaping train "very seriously". The incident happened with a relatively new train from the Desiro type. These Desiro trains have built a reputation of "disaster trains" in recent months and years.
In August 2015, a Desiro train lost its last 3 carriages on an Antwerp-Ostend connection. Problems were also reported with the automatic doors and with communication and safety systems.
× California wildfires now larger than New York City and Boston combined
VENTURA COUNTY, Calif. — One week after the Thomas Fire exploded from a brush fire to a raging inferno, hundreds of firefighters are still struggling to contain it.
The blaze is larger than all of New York City and was only 15% contained as of Monday, according to the fire protection agency CAL FIRE.
But it's only one of six major wildfires torching the state.
As the flames move on to new neighborhoods, some evacuated residents have returned to find no home standing.
David Karian used a hand rake to sift through the charred rubble of his elderly parents' home in Ventura.
“There's not much, but if there are a few things that will help them have some connection to the past, then that what I'm trying to do,” he said. “That's what it is … memories of a lot of years.”
Man loses 2 homes in wildfires
In just two months, Dr. Antonio Wong lost two houses in two separate California wildfires.
The anesthesiologist, his wife and his son barely had time to escape their Santa Rosa home before a wildfire engulfed it in October.
Weeks after Wong sifted through the charred remnants of that house, he learned that his other home in Ventura — which he was renting out to members of the military — burned down last week.
While those tenants are safe, “it was pretty devastating,” Wong said from Santa Rosa on Monday.
“I still haven't processed the fire down there (in Ventura). I have so much to do to rebuild my house here (that) the thought of trying to rebuild a house down there at the same time is overwhelming. I don't know what I'm going to do.”
Latest developments
Making history: At more than 230,000 acres in Ventura and Santa Barbara counties, the Thomas Fire is now the fifth largest wildfire in modern California history.
Elevated conditions: Ferocious Santa Ana winds could gust between 40-55 mph on Monday before tapering, CNN meteorologist Rachel Aissen said. Ventura County and surrounding areas are under an elevated fire outlook, with temperatures remaining between 78-82 degrees as humidity continues to fall.
Warnings: A “red flag warning” for much of Los Angeles and Ventura counties has been extended through Monday evening, the National Weather Service said. That means elevated fire weather conditions are expected due to gusty winds and low humidity.
Evacuations: Some 94,607 people were under mandatory evacuation orders in Ventura and Santa Barbara counties Sunday evening, Ventura County Sheriff Captain Garo Kuredjian told CNN.
Death toll: The death toll from the Thomas Fire stands at one. Authorities believe Virginia Pesola, 70, of Santa Paula, died in a crash while fleeing the fire. Her body was found Wednesday.
The fires
The six blazes vary in size. Together, they are larger than the areas of New York City and Boston combined.
Thomas Fire: This inferno has destroyed 230,000 acres as of Monday morning and was only about 15% contained. It started December 4 in Ventura County and has since spread into neighboring Santa Barbara County. The Thomas fire has already destroyed 790 structures, Ventura County Sheriff Captain Garo Kuredjian told CNN. The costs of fighting the blaze have topped $34 million.
Creek Fire: The second-largest blaze ignited Tuesday in neighboring Los Angeles County. It has burned 15,619 acres and is 95% contained.
Rye Fire: This fire broke out Tuesday in Los Angeles County and has torched 6,049 acres. Firefighters are making progress, with 93% of the blaze contained.
Lilac Fire: This fast-moving fire has consumed 4,100 acres since it ignited Thursday in San Diego County. Firefighters have regained control of the blaze, and it's now 80% contained.
Skirball Fire: It started Wednesday as a brush fire in Los Angeles County, north of Brentwood. The Skirball Fire has destroyed 422 acres and is 85% contained.
Liberty Fire: This blaze in Riverside County has burned 300 acres since it ignited Thursday. It's 100% contained, but authorities are monitoring the fire because of a forecasted increase in winds.
Celebrities thank firefighters
Several celebrities with homes in the endangered region thanked firefighters for their brave efforts.
Oprah Winfrey and Ellen DeGeneres, who both have houses in Montecito, tweeted that they were praying for their communities.
“Our house is under threat of being burned. We just had to evacuate our pets. I'm praying for everyone in our community and thankful to all the incredible firefighters,” DeGeneres said. She later tweeted that she was proud to be part of a community where people were helping each other to safety.
Winfrey tweeted that her prayer as the fires raged was “peace be still.”
And retired tennis player Jimmy Connors said the Thomas Fire was also threatening his home and tweeted that firefighters were “working tirelessly.”
Firefighters from Arizona, Colorado, Idaho, Oregon, Utah and Washington state have come to California help battle the blazes.
And the Nevada Department of Corrections and Nevada Division of Forestry, which run conservation camps for inmates, have sent six trained crews of minimum-security inmates to fight the Thomas Fire.
Research on a large sample of Canadians suggests that most people with celiac disease don't know they have it.
Ahmed El-Sohemy, a professor of Nutritional Science at the University of Toronto, and his colleagues studied the bloodwork of almost 3,000 Canadians and found that one in 114 (or almost one per cent) had elevated antibodies that indicate they suffered from celiac disease, which causes gastric distress and other symptoms. But the vast majority, almost 90 per cent, were unaware they had the disease. The data were collected about a decade ago, just before public awareness about the potential problems with gluten skyrocketed.
The study, published in the journal BMJ Open, is the first to screen for celiac antibodies in a Canadian population. It confirms previous research suggesting that Caucasians are more susceptible to celiac disease than other ethnocultural groups. Although the number of South and East Asians screened in the Canadian study was small, none were found to have the disease. Intriguingly, though, a genetic variant that puts people at high risk for celiac disease was almost as high in the South Asian samples as the Caucasian ones - suggesting that other factors could play a role in who goes on to develop the disease.
"This hopefully should just raise awareness that despite the gluten-free craze there are a lot of people who still don't know they have celiac disease," says El-Sohemy. "It's important for people to understand that celiac disease is not a single clear symptom -- it manifests itself in different ways. Symptoms could be fatigue, gastro-intestinal, or other problems. These symptoms are so diverse that doctors have a difficult time pinpointing the cause. Gluten intolerance is not usually the first thing that comes to their mind."
Adding to the diagnostic confusion, reactions to gluten are not often immediate and acute, El-Sohemy says. "It's not like lactose where you feel bad within a day after consuming it. Gluten causes damage to the intestinal lining, which results in malabsorption of vitamins and other nutrients, and the effects of those nutrient deficiencies are quite varied."
El-Sohemy believes people with a genetic susceptibility to Celiac Disease should consider blood tests to determine whether they have the disease if they present with any of the symptoms of Celiac Disease. His analysis of blood samples from Canadians of South Asian heritage suggests that genetic predisposition is only one piece of the Celiac puzzle. Future research may focus on the timing of exposure to gluten as well as the role of gut bacteria.
As for why so many non-Celiac sufferers feel better after giving up gluten, El-Sohemy speculates the real issue is "because they stopped eating heaping servings of pasta, white bread and other sources of processed carbohydrates."
###
Professor El-Sohemy is the founder and Chief Scientific Officer of Nutrigenomix Inc., which provides genetic testing for nutritional issues, including gluten intolerance. This work was supported by the Canadian Institutes of Health Research.
Contact:
Heidi Singer
Communication and Media Relations Specialist Faculty of Medicine
University of Toronto
416.978.5811
Heidi.Singer@utoronto.ca
HOLLYWOOD stars including Ellen DeGeneres, Paris Hilton, and Chelsea Handler were forced to evacuate their homes as the deadly fire in California continues to burn.
President Donald Trump has declared a state of emergency and ordered federal agencies to help with rescue efforts.
White House spokeswoman Lindsay Walters said Agriculture Secretary Sonny Perdue briefed Trump and Vice President Mike Pence on a wildfire prevention roundtable today.
Walters said the White House “continues to closely monitor the situation” and is urging “anyone ordered to evacuate during a wildfire, do so immediately and listen to your local and state officials”.
Camera Icon Firefighters monitor a blaze beside Highway 33 near Ojai. Picture: AFP Picture: AFP Camera Icon Firefighters comb through smouldering ash in the remains of dozens of homes destroyed by the Lilac Fire in San Diego. Picture: AFP Picture: AFP
She also said the White House “extends its thoughts and prayers” to everyone affected by the fires that have been tearing through Southern California.
Authorities today issued new alerts about unhealthy air from smoke and ash sent up by the growing wildfire.
Celebrities including former Glee star Lea Michele, talk show host DeGeneres, along with Hilton and Kylie Jenner were forced to flee their homes and, in Jenner's case, her Kylie Cosmetics headquarters.
Richard Sanchez, a manager at Jeannine's American Bakery restaurant in the foothill enclave of Montecito, said customers were wearing masks.
Camera Icon Flames erupt on mountainsides in the Los Padres national forest north of Ojai. Picture: AFP Picture: AFP
He said smoke was so thick that visibility was down to a few metres and a layer of ash was coating the streets.
Regulators were warning resident in parts of Santa Barbara, Ventura and Los Angeles counties to stay indoors, avoid vigorous outdoor activities and not do anything to stir up ash.
Even residents of Montecito and neighbouring Carpinteria who weren't under evacuation orders opted to leave because of the thick blanket of smoke.
Scientists are warning that rising sea levels and a big south swell could lead to coastal flooding later this week during unusually high tides.
Scientists are warning that rising sea levels and a big south swell could lead to coastal flooding later this week during unusually high tides.
Coastal communities are bracing Friday for what could be one of the highest tides of the year, as a "king tide" episode continues into its second day while surf also rises thanks to a south swell.
Coastal communities are bracing Friday for what could be one of the highest tides of the year, as a "king tide" episode continues into its second day while surf also rises thanks to a south swell.
'King tide' water levels could soon be a new normal in Hawaii, scientists warn
'King tide' water levels could soon be a new normal in Hawaii, scientists warn
For years, the drive in and out of West Maui has been plagued with traffic and high surf splashing onto roads during south swells.
But after a recent round of king tides, Maui activists say the conditions on Honoapiilani Highway need to be addressed -- before the highway is washed away completely.
Video captured waves splashing onto the highway last month when the king tide mixed with a high swell.
"It shows how our highways are literally falling into the ocean to drivers," said Tiare Lawrence, of the Hawaii Alliance for Progressive Action.
Lawrence said some want to move the highway away from the ocean in sections, particularly a 2.5-mile stretch between Ukumehama and Olowalu.
The state Department of Transportation has estimated realigning the highway from the Pali to Maalaea would cost $500 million to $1 billion -- an investment Lawrence says is worth it.
"We know the funding is an issue, but by segmenting it, it would at least allow us to address those critical hazards," she said.
The state said during the king tides episode last month, precautions were taken and the highway did not sustain any damage.
With another king tide expected later this month, the state is working in advance to minimize damage risks to the road.
"Crews will continue to check storm drains and clear them as necessary, and will be ready to respond after the tide subsides as needed," state Transportation Department spokesman Tima Sakahara said.
In 2016, a portion of the highway was restriped to move traffic further mauka.
They are also working on moving 1,000 feet of the Lahaina-bound lane 20 feet inland. Work on that project is expected to be completed by the end of 2017.
Maui Rep. Angus McKelvey said the community must work together to find solutions.
"Getting the community involved in these conversations early will allow us to not only make sure short term solutions are carried out and what ever is carried out long term is not stuck in permitting hell," McKelvey said.
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
Personal and career highlights of Nancy Greene Raine
Born: May 11, 1943, in Ottawa.
Family: married husband Al Raine in 1969; twin sons Charley and Willy born in 1970; grandsons James and Kingston.
Residence: Sun Peaks, B.C., where she is director of skiing at Sun Peaks Resort.
Ski career: national alpine ski team member 1959-68; Canadian world championship teams 1962 and '66; Canadian Olympic teams in 1960, '64 and '68; 17 Canadian alpine ski championships; three United States alpine ski championships; 13 World Cup race victories, all in 1967 or '68 and most by any Canadian; 1967 and '68 overall World Cup champion; 1968 Olympic gold medallist in giant slalom and silver medallist in slalom; 1968 FIS alpine combined champion.
Awards: 1967 and 1968 – Lou Marsh Award and Bobbie Rosenfeld Award as Canadian athlete and female athlete of the year; 1967 – Amateur Athletic Union female athlete of the year; 1968 – invested as Officer of the Order of Canada; 1968 – invested into the Order of the Dogwood by the province of British Columbia; 1968 – B'nai B'rith woman of the year; 1988 – British Columbia “ambassador of tourism;” 1991 – citizen of the year (with husband Al Raine) for Whistler, B.C.; 1999 – Honorary Doctorate of Laws, University College of the Cariboo; 1999 – Canadian Press female athlete of the century; 1999 – Halva International Skiing Award; 2002 – Honorary Doctorate of Laws, Royal Roads University; 2004 – Honorary Doctorate of Laws, Simon Fraser University; 2004 – Order of British Columbia.
Inductee: Canada's Sports Hall of Fame, 1967; B.C. Sports Hall of Fame, 1969; U.S. Ski Hall of Fame, 1969; Canadian Ski Hall of Fame, 1992; Canada's Walk of Fame, 1999.
Appointments: member, 1968 Federal Task Force on Sport; senator, appointed in January 2009 by then prime minister Stephen Harper.
President Donald Trump's defence secretary sought to reassure Nato of steadfast US support at talks in Brussels on Wednesday, as nervous European allies tried to look past Trump's rhetoric and the turmoil within his administration.
Jim Mattis, on his debut trip to Europe as Pentagon chief, said the president firmly backed the North Atlantic Treaty Organisation. As a candidate, Trump fiercely criticised Nato and appeared to question its value.
“The alliance remains a fundamental bedrock for the United States,” Mattis said in brief remarks to reporters before talks got fully under way.
Back in Washington, Trump's administration has been jolted by the resignation of national security adviser Michael Flynn over his contacts with Russia's ambassador. US intelligence agencies have accused Moscow of interfering in the 2016 US presidential election.
Mattis signalled that Russia was firmly on Nato's agenda.
“The events of 2014 were sobering,” he said, referring to Moscow's annexation of Ukraine's Crimean peninsula. “And we must continue to adapt to what's being revealed to us in terms of our security challenges.”
Flynn had been seen in Moscow as a leading advocate of warmer ties with Russia and his departure has dented hopes of a thaw in relations with the West.
Nato Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg dismissed concerns about the turmoil or US backing for Nato.
“I'm absolutely certain that the message of this meeting will be a message of transatlantic unity, of the importance of that we stand together and protect each other, and a very strong commitment of the United States to Nato,” he told reporters.
Britain's defence secretary echoed that sentiment.
“There is no uncertainty about America's commitment to Nato,” Michael Fallon told reporters when asked about Flynn's resignation. Denmark's Claus Hjort Frederiksen said everything he had heard was “calming and reassuring.”
BUT IN PRIVATE…
Despite the public posturing, European allies are expected to privately seek details from Mattis about Trump's attitude toward Nato, which has guaranteed Europe's security for almost 70 years.
Trump has deeply unsettled allies with his contradictory remarks on Nato – calling it “obsolete” – and with his praise for Russian President Vladimir Putin.
Moscow's annexation of Crimea, and its direct support for rebels in eastern Ukraine have prompted Nato to begin sending troops to Russia's borders to deter the Kremlin from any other moves. The White House said on Tuesday that Trump expected Russia to hand back Crimea to Ukraine.
One senior European Nato diplomat said allies were under no illusion that Trump could yet undo careful diplomatic work with a single message on Twitter. But they would still look for his support as they try to manage tensions with Russia.
“We need to bring the family together,” the diplomat said. “Things have been made to feel fragile.”
Mattis is set to echo longstanding US calls that European allies invest more on defence, something his predecessors under Republican and Democratic administrations have done for years.
But experts say that message will have to be calibrated. Nato Europe argues it is increasing defence spending, upping outlays by $10bn last year.
Nato defence ministers from Europe, Canada and Turkey will also want to hear from Mattis, who will be first to address the 27 other defence ministers on Wednesday, on how the alliance can meet Trump's demands to do more to counter Islamist militants.
Nato says it is already active, training troops from Afghanistan to Iraq, and cannot do the work of police or social workers in detecting fighters returning to the West from Syria.
“We need to be clear that the response to international terrorism cannot be led by Nato, but it can a part of that,” a second senior European Nato diplomat said.
July 4 (UPI) -- An Ecuadorian court ordered the arrest of former President Rafael Correa over his alleged involvement in a failed plot to kidnap a political rival in 2012.
Judge Daniella Camacho of the National Justice Court of Ecuador said she alerted Interpol of a request to extradite Correa, who lives in Belgium with his wife.
Prosecutors accuse the former president of being behind the brief kidnapping of Fernando Balda in Bogota, Colombia, where the former lawmaker fled to avoid tensions with Correa. Balda said five men attempted to kidnap him but Colombian police halted the plot.
Balda traveled to Colombia to avoid charges of being involved in a failed coup against Correa in 2010. Balda was sentenced to one year in prison.
The former president, who led Ecuador from 2007 to 2017, denied the charges and said there was no evidence against him.
"How much success will this farce have at the international level?" Correa said. "Don't worry, everything is a matter of time. We will overcome!"
Australia shares poised to fall after Fed rate hike, oil prices dip, NZ flat
June 15 Australian shares are expected to open lower on Thursday, mirroring a dip in Wall Street after the U.S. Federal Reserve raised interest rates and crude oil prices slumped to their lowest close in seven months. A slide in the technology sector weighed on the Nasdaq and S&P 500 as investors worried about the pace of economic growth after the rate increase and weaker-than-expected inflation data. Crude oil prices fell nearly 4 percent, hit by an unexpec
By AFP - Dec 11,2017 - Last updated at Dec 11,2017
Russian President Vladimir Putin (2nd left) and President of Syria Bashar Assad (3rd right) pose for a photo with pilots at Hmeimim airbase in Latakia, Syria, on Monday (Anadolu Agency photo)
MOSCOW — President Vladimir Putin made his first visit to Syria on Monday and ordered the partial withdrawal of Russian troops from the war-torn country, saying their task had been largely completed.
Putin, who announced last week he would seek a fourth term in a poll in March, was welcomed at Russia's Hmeimim airbase by Syrian President Bashar Assad on the surprise stopover.
The two men were pictured smiling and hugging, with Putin hailing a "significant result of our joint work".
In a televised speech to Russian troops, Putin said he had ordered his Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu to start
a partial withdrawal.
"I have taken a decision: a significant part of the Russian troop contingent located in Syria is returning home to Russia," he said in a televised speech at the base in Latakia province, a government stronghold.
Russia first intervened in the conflict in 2015, staging air strikes in support of its ally Damascus targeting both the Daesh terror group and other extremists as well as rebels fighting government troops.
Putin said the troops had helped the Syrian army crush the "most battle-ready group of international terrorists", apparently referring to Daesh.
"On the whole the task has been completed. And completed brilliantly."
Putin said last month that efforts to end the war were entering a "new stage" as the focus shifted from military intervention to political reforms.
He said both Hmeimim and Russia's naval facility in Tartus would continue to function, and warned that Russia would repel any fresh attacks by militants.
"If terrorists rear their heads again we will inflict the blows that they have not seen yet," he said.
'Our homeland thanks you'
Putin made the Syria stopover, the first by a Russian head of state since then president Dmitry Medvedev visited in 2010, en route to Egypt where he arrived later Monday.
From there, Putin is scheduled to travel to Turkey for talks with President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.
The Kremlin strongman thanked the troops for defending Russia from terrorism and helping Syria remain a “sovereign independent state”.
He said the conflict proved that Russia's armed forces, including intelligence officers, pilots, sailors, special forces, military police, sappers and military advisers, were on top form, and he also praised the country's defence industry.
“Our homeland thanks you, my friends,” he said. “Have a safe trip. I thank you for your service.”
Putin also inspected the troops who goose-stepped to the tune of a popular Soviet-era song about World War II, and held talks with Assad.
The Syrian leader expressed his “deep gratitude” for Russia's role in the conflict.
“The Syrians will never forget what the Russian forces did,” official Syria media quoted him as saying.
“Their blood mixed with the blood of the martyrs of the Syrian army. This means that this blood is stronger than terrorism and its mercenaries.”
Putin said he would discuss Russia's efforts to convene Syria's political congress with the leaders of Egypt and Turkey, and then brief Assad.
Last month, Putin welcomed Assad for a surprise summit at his residence in the Black Sea resort of Sochi.
Last week Putin announced he would be standing in the March presidential election that he is expected to effortlessly win, and his lightning visit to Syria can be expected to play well with the voters.
The commander of Russia's forces in Syria, Sergei Surovikin, said 23 Russian planes, two helicopters and military police would be returning to Russia soon, national television reported.
The first jets were scheduled to leave on Monday.
The size of the Russian deployment in Syria is not known but independent Russian military expert Pavel Felgenhauer has told AFP that up to 10,000 troops and private contractors could have taken part in the conflict.
Putin had ruled out dispatching ground forces in Syria, making the air force the mainstay of Moscow's Syria campaign.
KNOXVILLE (WATE) – Knoxville Opera's annual Rossini Festival International Street Fair, now in it's 16th year, has been designated a “legacy event” by Knoxville Mayor Madeline Rogero and serves as a celebration of the performing arts.
This year's festival is April 22 from 10:00 a.m. to 9:00 p.m. on Gay Street and Market Square in downtown Knoxville. The multi-cultural music and dance performances will feature 800 entertainers and over 100 food, beverage and artisan exhibits with hand-crafted works.
The free festival includes 11 consecutive hours of live entertainment on five outdoor stages, including opera, jazz, ethnic music, gospel, modern and ethnic dance, ballet, vocal and instrumental ensembles. There is a YMCA FunZone for kids and over 100 prominent artisans.
Entertainment Schedule
Petersburg Volunteer Fire Department's annual poker run, cruise and dance will be held Saturday, June 9, on Main Street in Petersburg.
The poker run begins the day's events with check-in from 10 to 11 a.m. at Knotty Pine, and the ride begins at 11 a.m.
Cruisin' the Burg will be from 5 to 8 p.m., and a dance will be held from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m. with music by The Back 40 Band.
The free will donation barbecue meal will be served at the fire hall beginning at 5 p.m. Car and motorcycle show awards will be presented, and raffle drawings will be held at 10 p.m.
Moreover, pooch owners are only allowed to let their dogs outside if the canines are wearing their dog tags, according to a local regulation jointly issued by the Qingdao public security bureau and the local livestock department, the Legal Daily reported Tuesday.
The dog tags can be picked up when dog owners register their pets and cost 400 yuan each, the regulation said.
According to the regulation, around 40 dog breeds are banned in the city and locals who do not correct their behavior after receiving a fine may see their furry friends confiscated.
The regulation has been hailed by netizens on social media, with many saying that this is a good way to raise awareness of responsible dog ownership, the announcement coming after regular news reports of dogs biting people.
Recently, a 3-year-old in Southwest China's Guizhou Province was attacked by a dog, requiring 200 stitches in his face, the Guiyang Evening News reported in May.
© AP Photo/ Mark Schiefelbein 5,000-Acre Lotus Pond Stretches To The Sky In China's Guanxi
One user of Sina Weibo recommended the regulation be implemented across the country, and his post was liked by around a hundred people.
Qingdao is not the only city implementing such rules. The capital city of Southwest China's Sichuan Province also limited residents to one dog per household in 2009. Chengdu residents can be punished if their dog hurts a person, disturbs their neighbors or if they fail to clean up its excrement, the Beijing News reported.
Separately, Harbin, the capital of Northeast China's Heilongjiang Province banned pet dogs over 50 centimeters in height and over 70 centimeters in length, the Beijing News said.
This article was originally published in the Global Times.
In this Sept. 29, 2016 file photo, Aedes aegypti mosquitoes, responsible for transmitting Zika, sit in a petri dish at the Fiocruz Institute in Recife, Brazil. (Photo: Felipe Dana, AP)
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration has approved a test to detect the Zika virus in blood donations to help protect the public and the nation's blood supply.
The test by Roche Molecular Systems, an international pharmaceutical and diagnostic company, was in investigational stages last year when the Zika epidemic became widespread in Florida and Puerto Rico. The epidemic prompted the FDA to give permission to blood donation collection centers to use the still investigational test to screen for contaminated blood.
The test is for use by blood collection centers only to detect the virus in blood donations. It is not intended for individual diagnosis of Zika, according to the FDA.
“Screening blood donations for the Zika virus is critical to preventing infected donations from entering the U.S. blood supply,” Peter Marks, director of the FDA's Center for Biologics Evaluation and Research, said in a news release.
More: Governor: No active Zika zones in Florida so far this year
More: Science says: Pregnant or trying? Don't let Zika guard down
The FDA's approval is the result of the manufacturer's commitment to work rapidly and collaboratively with the FDA and the blood collection industry to respond to a public health crisis, Marks said.
Florida became ground zero in 2016 for the virus, which is transmitted by the freshwater Aedes aegypti mosquitoes when they bite people. The virus also can be spread through blood transfusions and sexual contact involving an infected individual.
The virus has been quiet so far in 2017 with 179 cases statewide compared to 1,467 last year. There have been 15 travel-related Zika infections in Lee County this year, where the individuals became infected out of the U.S. In Collier, there have been five travel-related cases so far in 2017. There have been no locally transmitted cases in the state in 2017, where people get bitten by infected mosquitoes or from sexual contact, according to the Florida Department of Health.
“Since last summer, all blood donated in Florida has been screened for Zika,” Mara Gambineri, spokeswoman for the state health department in Tallahassee, said in an email. “While we do not regulate blood banks, we worked closely with donation centers to ensure quick implementation of the test once it became available for experimental use by FDA last year.”
The health department is not aware of any proposed legislation that would make it mandatory for blood centers to screen for the Zika virus, she said. But since the FDA guidance last August to allow the test's use before it gained final approval, the recommendation to all states in 2016 was to adopt it, she said.
More: Bill Nelson zaps White House over cuts to Zika help
More: Researchers: Pythons changed mosquito's diet in Everglades
The Lee Health System, which operates five hospitals and numerous outpatient programs in Lee County, adopted the Zika screening tool last summer when the FDA issued its recommendation to add it, Lee Health spokeswoman Cheryl Garn said in an email.
“It is unknown what the cost of the kits will be now that licensing has been issued, however the safety of our blood products is a top priority at all Lee Health facilities,” she said.
Miami became a hub last year for what's known as “travel-related” cases of Zika, when individuals who were infected in Puerto Rico or South American countries came to the U.S.
When infected individuals transmit Zika through sexual contact, or when they are bitten by the Aedes aegypti mosquito and the mosquito transmit it through bites to others, those are classified as “locally transmitted” cases of Zika.
About one in five individuals who are infected exhibit symptoms of low-grade fever, rash and joint pain, while the most harm occurs to infants born to infected pregnant women. Zika infection in babies can result in microcephaly, a condition characterized by a small head, and developmental abnormalities can be lifelong.
More: How to prevent mosquito-borne illness after flooding from Hurricane Irma
More: These plants will help you keep the mosquitoes away
Addressing the Zika virus statewide became a battle cry for Gov. Rick Scott last year who offered free testing to all pregnant women. He fought for federal funding to help with preventive measures and proactive surveillance. Scott earmarked $25 million of state funding toward Zika surveillance while Congress stalled, and the state funding later climbed to $61 million.
Congress ultimately approved $1.1 billion for Zika late last fall, with $394 million directed toward mosquito control programs, $397 million for vaccine research and better diagnostics and $66 million for infected people, with the remainder to a variety or efforts.
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE Gov. Rick Scott criticizes the Obama administration for not doing enough to help Florida combat the Zika virus. Ledge King
Read or Share this story: http://www.naplesnews.com/story/news/health/2017/10/06/fda-approves-test-screen-blood-donations-zika-virus/739615001/
DURBAN - Graduating at 71-years-old is just another step forward for an American-born psychologist's dream of helping the physically disabled overcome negative stereotypes.
Dr Elizabeth Martiny may be the University of KwaZulu-Natal's oldest graduate this year, but the Joburg woman is still young at heart.
Martiny graduated with a PhD in Religion and Theology.
Born in western New York, Martiny moved to South Africa in 1995 to study Carl Jung psychology with a group of South Africans.
“I only meant to stay for five years, but here we are! South Africa is one of my own,” she said.
She now runs a private psychology practice in Johannesburg. Martiny contracted polio as her child and is physically disabled.
Her PhD research explored the challenges of physically disabled women from the perspectives of theology and analytical psychology.
She also investigated the images of God.
The University of KwaZulu-Natal's (UKZN) the oldest graduate this year, Dr Elizabeth Martiny, was hooded by UKZN Registrar, Mr Simon Mokoena, at a University graduation ceremony held at the Royal Agricultural Showgrounds in Pietermaritzburg this afternoon. Picture: Thuli Dlamini
“My research was about putting the strands of my life together,” she said, emphasising the importance of both spirituality and feminism in her life.
Martiny felt there was a need to challenge misleading ideas and the stigma around disability in society, through faith communities.
Moving forward, she hoped her research would be instrumental in breaking down negative stereotypical attitudes and behaviours toward people with disabilities.
“This has been a test of perseverance and patience but most importantly it was meaningful learning about myself and giving voice to those who have not had an opportunity to be heard “Dreams can emerge at all stages of life and this dream has become a reality for me,” she said.
In 2009, the oldest UKZN graduate was 73-year-old Valerie Leigh, who graduated with a PhD in Art History.
Also read: Oldest graduate shares his secret
SUNDAY TRIBUNE
Tropical Depression Eight (TD8) formed around 11 p.m. EDT on Saturday, August 12 about 260 miles northeast of the southeastern Bahamas. By 5 p.m. the depression strengthened into a tropical storm and was named Gert.
At 1 p.m. EDT (1700 UTC) on Sunday, August 13, NOAA's GOES-East satellite captured a visible image of Tropical Depression 8 that showed the storm had become better organized. Bands of thunderstorms were spiraling into the center of circulation from the east and the southern quadrants of the storm. NOAA manages the GOES series of satellites. NASA/NOAA's GOES Project at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Maryland uses the satellite data to create imagery.
By 1:36 p.m. EDT (1736 UTC) on August 13, The Visible Infrared Imaging Radiometer Suite (VIIRS) instrument aboard NASA-NOAA's Suomi NPP satellite provided a visible look at Gert. Bands of thunderstorms wrapped around the storm from southeast to northeast.
The National Hurricane Center (NHC) noted that imagery showed that between the morning and 5 p.m. EDT "the banding features have become better established during the last several hours, and the system has become less vertically tilted."
On August 14 at 5 a.m. EDT (0900 UTC) the center of Tropical Storm Gert was located near 29.7 degrees north latitude and 72.2 degrees west longitude. That's about 475 miles (760 km) west-southwest of Bermuda. The estimated minimum central pressure is 1009 millibars. Maximum sustained winds are near 45 mph (75 kph) with higher gusts.
Gert was moving toward the north-northwest near 9 mph (15 kph) and the NHC forecasts a turn toward the north then to north-northeast. On the forecast track, Gert is expected to pass about midway between the United States east coast and Bermuda on Tuesday
The NHC said that some strengthening is forecast during the next 48 hours, and Gert could become a hurricane by Wednesday, August 16.
For forecast updates on Gert, visit: http://www. nhc. noaa. gov .
###
Glass Lewis & Co. continues to recommend investors reject the bank's pay proposal for the board even after directors offered to keep their maximum compensation at 12 million francs ($12 million). Previously the bank planned to raise the ceiling to 12.5 million francs.
Switzerland - Credit Suisse Group AG's efforts to avoid a shareholder revolt over compensation for top executives and directors have failed to convince at least one main opponent.
While the advisory group backed the bank's offer to reduce executive bonuses by 40 percent to 17 million francs, it continues to have reservations about variable incentive pay, especially for Chief Executive Officer Tidjane Thiam.
“We believe this action is a positive response to notable shareholder discontent leading up to the annual general meeting and should generate some goodwill,” Glass Lewis said in a report emailed Tuesday. “However, we also find that this is a case of "too little too late."
“Indeed, a situation in which top executives feel obliged to volunteer to reduce their own earned awards two weeks prior to an annual meeting facing a shareholder revolt highlights the dysfunction of a compensation program and a compensation committee that fail to adequately consider shareholder interests.”
Read also: Competition authority targets 20 top SA banks
Credit Suisse has come under fire from major shareholder groups over its compensation plans for executives and directors after the bank posted a second annual loss. Swiss laws introduced in 2015 require companies listed in the country to give shareholders a binding annual vote on executive pay. The bank's annual meeting is next week.
At 3 million francs, Thiam's salary remains “significantly higher” than that of his predecessor, Brady Dougan, Glass Lewis said. Under the new proposals, Thiam would receive a total of 10.24 million francs, instead of the previously proposed 11.9 million francs.
Credit Suisse's stock fell 33 percent in 2016, with market turmoil, surprise trading losses and legal cases sapping confidence in a costly turnaround plan. Charges tied to a legal settlement over its crisis-era mortgage securities business pushed the bank into another annual loss.
Bloomberg
Apple is said to be looking at acquiring Shazam, one of the most popular apps for recognising music, TV shows, films and adverts, with an official deal potentially being announced later today, according to TechCrunch.
Several sources have spoken to the tech site, and while one said the price would be in the nine figure territory, another put it much lowers at $400m (£300m), which is also a lot lower than than the $1bn valuation the company received in 2015.
With Shazam onboard, Apple would have the ability to give the iPhone and iPad a similar music recognition feature as the Google Pixel 2, which constantly listens out for music around you and presents results on the home screen without you having to dive into any apps.
Currently, when you can tell Shazam which music streaming service you use and get direct access to it, so when you Shazam music track, if it's available, it automatically gets added to your library. If Apple were to acquire the service, there's a chance it will exclusively connect with Apple Music and it will be interesting to see if the app will only be made available to iOS devices, forcing Android users to look elsewhere for song identifying apps.
The deal would also mean Apple will save money on commissions it has to pay out. If someone buys a song from iTunes after Shazaming it, Apple has to give Shazam a cut of the takings.
Neither Apple nor Shazam have commented on the murmurings just yet, but we'll update this story as and when anything official is announced.
Up And Coming International Vacation SpotsThings change fast in the international world of travel. From time to time, there are fairly untouched gems, like Mozambique 15 years ago or Cuba 10 years ago. For very different reasons, Germany, Argentina, the Philippines, and Madagascar are destinations to consider or re-consider for your up-and-coming vacation bucket list.
Top 5 Vacations For People Who Don't Like Big CitiesGet away from big city life by taking your vacation in five of the best small towns in America
America's 5 Best Rivers For Fly FishingAn introduction to five of America's best fly fishing rivers
5 Must-Visit U.S. Destinations For History BuffsHistory buffs yearning to experience places that highlight the country's rich traditions, landmarks, and defining events will head for America's oldest cities, significant war monuments, and important buildings for a sense of the past.
A GoFundMe page for a sexual abuse victim's father who in court Friday lunged at disgraced U.S. Olympics Gymnastics Dr. Larry Nassar, received more than $31,000 in donations in 24 hours.
The “Show support for Randall Margraves” page raised $31,481 in one day from 921 donors and stopped accepting donations Saturday morning. The original goal of the campaign was to raise $1,000.
Co-worker Aaron Pangborn, who set up the page for Randall Margraves, said he created it “to help a brother and a friend in need.”
Margraves attempted to attack Nassar at his sentencing hearing Friday after he asked the judge for “five minutes in a locked room” with the convicted sexual abuser.
“I would ask you as part of this sentencing grant me five minutes in a locked room with this demon,” Margraves asked the judge at the sentencing hearing.
The judge denied his request, prompting Margraves to follow up with a request to spend just one minute in a locked room with Nassar.
When the judge denied Margraves' second request, Margraves ran towards the disgraced doctor before Nassar's attorney stopped him and bailiffs wrestled Margraves to the ground and arrested him.
Many donors to the fundraiser supported Margraves' attempted attack, saying they would do the same if they were in his position.
“As the father of 2 girls, the video made me cry….that you were stopped before you reached him. I would do the same. God Bless you and your family,” Robert Wykoski wrote.
“From one Union Family Man to Another. Proud of you Brother, Too bad you didn't get a few licks in,” Cory Mara wrote on the page.
Margraves faced a contempt of court charge, but the judge decided to release him and not charge him with any penalties once he apologized for acting out in front of the court.
Pangborn posted an update on the fundraiser hours later, saying he created the fundraiser to cover legal fees resulting from Margraves' arrest.
When news broke that Margraves was not charged, Pangborn said he would work with his co-worker to ensure the money goes to support victims of sexual abuse.
May 2 Macro Games SA:
* Said on Friday that it has decided to discontinue issue of series G shares due to recent reduction in stock market valuations of computer games producers and market uncertainty
* Macro Games planned to issue G series shares in closed subscription to increase share capital by up to 2.6 million zlotys ($672,147.25)
Source text for Eikon:
Further company coverage: ($1 = 3.8682 zlotys) (Gdynia Newsroom)
Win UFC 218 Tickets Before You Can Buy ThemUFC will make its debut at Little Caesars Arena on Saturday, December 2 with a championship night of fights at UFC 218. Listen to Jamie and Stoney on October 9-13 for your chance to win tickets. Don't miss this chance to see the world's best athletes compete inside the hallowed Octagon. It will be a night of fights that you won't soon forget.
Jamie and Stoney Erebus Ticket GiveawayListen to Jamie and Stoney on October 9-13 from 6:00am - 10:00am for your chance to win tickets to Erebus Haunted Attraction in Pontiac.
Win Tickets To Erebus Haunted Attraction In Downtown Pontiac!Listen Thursday, October 12th for your chance to win tickets to the Erebus Haunted Attraction in Downtown Pontiac! Erebus, is the four story tower of terror located in Pontiac, Michigan, serving terrifying thrills, unforgettable moments of laughter, and blood curdling screams.
Miller Lite Tailgate ChallengeDo you have the best tailgate in Metro Detroit? 97.1 The Ticket and Miller Lite have teamed up to see if you are the ultimate tailgater!
By STEVE REED, AP Sports Writer
CHARLOTTE, N.C. (AP) — Cam Newton apologized Thursday night in a Twitter video post for sexist comments made to a female reporter.
“After careful thought, I understand that my word choice was extremely degrading and disrespectful to women,” the Carolina Panthers quarterback said at the start of the nearly two-minute video. “To be honest, that was not my intentions. And if you are a person who took offense to what I said, I sincerely apologize to you.”
On Wednesday when Charlotte Observer reporter Jourdan Rodrigue asked the 2015 NFL MVP about wide receiver Devin Funchess' route running, Newton laughed and said, “It's funny to hear a female talk about routes. It's funny.”
In the video, Newton said he's a man who strives to be a positive role model in the community and who tries to use his platform to inspire others. He said he takes ownership to everything that comes with that.
“What I did was extremely unacceptable,” Newton said. “I'm a father to two beautiful daughters and I try to instill in them that they can be anything that they want to be. The fact that during this process I have already lost sponsors and countless fans I realize that the joke is really on me. I have really learned a valuable lesson from this.”
Newton also sent a message to the “young people” who follow him.
“Don't be like me,” Newton said. “Be better than me. To the reporters, to the journalists, to the moms, the super moms, the daughters, the sisters all around the world I sincerely apologize and hope that you can find the kindness in your heart to forgive me. Thank you.”
The NFL quickly released a statement Wednesday saying that Newton's response to the question was “just plain wrong and disrespectful to the exceptional female reporters and all journalists who cover our league.”
However, it doesn't appear there will be any punishment handed out to Newton.
“I think there are conversations going on at the club level with the appropriate people, with the Panthers,” NFL spokesman Joe Lockhart said in a conference call Thursday. “I don't want to anticipate the league stepping in there.”
Newton's remarks have proven costly.
Dannon, the maker of Oikos yogurt, cut ties with spokesman Newton on Thursday. Company spokesman Michael Neuwirth released a statement saying it was “shocked and disheartened” at the former league MVP's behavior and comments.
Panthers coach Ron Rivera addressed the situation briefly during his press conference Thursday, saying, “I think Cam made a mistake. I understand he had a conversation where he pretty much said he shouldn't have said what he said.”
Rodrigue issued a statement Wednesday evening saying she and Newton did speak after the news conference, but said the quarterback didn't apologize for his remarks.
Rodrigue was back in the locker room Thursday, flanked by Mike Persinger, the executive sports editor of The Charlotte Observer.
She issued an apology herself Thursday after coming under fire for using a racial slur in tweets she posted about four years ago. The tweets were first reported by BlackSportsOnline.com.
“I apologize for the offensive tweets form my Twitter account from 4/5 years ago,” Rodrigue said on her Twitter account. “There is no excuse for these tweets and the sentiment behind them. I am deeply sorry and apologize.”
Rodrigue was a college student at Arizona State at the time of the tweets. When asked about the tweets, Persinger said “she has owned them and apologized for them.”
Newton's teammate, Thomas Davis, said he doesn't think the issue will affect the team as it prepares for the game against Detroit on Sunday.
“He's going to have to deal with that moving forward,” Davis said about Newton. “I feel like it's a situation he's going to handle and he's going to handle it well. But for us as a football team we'll remain focused on Detroit.”
Persinger said Wednesday evening that Newton's comments were “unfortunate and out of line.”
The Associated Press Sports Editors announced that it “agrees wholeheartedly that Mr. Newton's response was out of line” and “we ask for a formal apology to Jourdan Rodrigue from Mr. Newton and the Carolina Panthers organization.”
___
AP Sports Writers Barry Wilner and John Nicholson contributed to this report.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
NORTH CARROLLTON – Students, faculty and staff at J.Z. George will return to classes in mourning of Elisabeth Guerra, who lost her life last week.
Guerra, a 16-year-old junior, died of respiratory failure at her home in North Carrollton on July 26, according to her obituary provided by Oliver Funeral Home.
Oklahoma Congressman Steve Russell was among other Republicans making their way to West Virginia for a retreat when the train hit a garbage truck.
“There was a loud bang. It was startling. Everyone was like 'what was that?' As the train began to slow we very quickly realized we hit something,” Rep. Russell said Thursday.
The train was heading to a Republican party retreat following the State of the Union address when it collided with a garbage truck carrying six people. The driver of the truck was killed.
Russell said security on board acted quickly, rushing to both secure the scene and aid the wounded. In all, the train was carrying 200 Republican members of Congress, including four Oklahomans, and some congressional staffers. Oklahoma Congressmen Tom Cole, Frank Lucas and Sen. James Lankford were also on the train.
“The warrior in me, I had a lot of different things race through my mind like what have we struck, what is the result of this? Then, I began to look for window exits and back exits and trying to examine the terrain outside. Just habits as a soldier,” the retired Army Lt. Colonel said.
No major injuries were reported by passengers although Russell said one person may have broken an ankle and another possibly suffered a concussion.
Outside the train, congressional doctors and congressional members with medical training worked to aid those in the garbage truck. Russell said their quick actions helped to save a man's life.
“The docs that are members of Congress got to where they were able to intubate him and try to stabilize him with the limited resources they had but their training was critical to saving his life.”
On Thursday morning, Department of Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao told members of Congress the crossing arms were operating at the time of the crash. The National Transportation Safety Board is investigating how the truck ended up in the path of the train.
Russell praised the efforts of the conductor who was able to slow the train without derailing the cars after the crash. He also asked for prayers for the train's crew, the families of the victims and the community around the crash.
The members of Congress were able to board buses and make their way to the GOP retreat several hours after the crash.
Since President Donald Trump took office, there have been a handful of incidents on American railways, something Russell said he hoped the crash will prompted the Senate to approve Trump nominee Ron Batory to be the Deputy Federal Railroad Administrator.
Batory, a veteran of the railway industry has been waiting for nearly seven months for a confirmation from the Senate.
A A
SEATTLE — Malachi Flynn did what he wanted in the final 2½ minutes, dribbling around screens, scoring baskets and lifting his team. And for all that Washington freshman Markelle Fultz did, it was Washington State's freshman guard that was the star in the closing moments.
Flynn scored eight of his 16 points in the final 2:13, and Washington State rallied for a stunning 79-74 win over Washington on Sunday night.
“For a freshman to come back home, in this environment and have the poise — not only to want the ball but to have the poise to make the plays consistently — that shows you his potential greatness down the road,” Washington State coach Ernie Kent said.
Washington State (8-5, 1-0 Pac-12) closed the game on a 12-3 run thanks to Flynn and Josh Hawkinson. Trailing 71-67, the duo took over, combining to score the final 12 points for the Cougars and give them their first conference victory in nearly a calendar year.
Washington State's last conference win came on Jan. 3, 2016 when the Cougars beat UCLA at home. Seventeen straight losses to conference opponents later, the Cougars finally snapped their skid.
Hawkinson finished with 26 points and eight rebounds, while Flynn scored 13 in the second half. Flynn made 6 of 10 shots and added six assists.
“It's big coming to Seattle and winning our first game but we know we've got a lot down the road,” Flynn said.
Fultz led Washington (7-6, 0-1) with 26 points, 11 assists and nine rebounds, falling just short of the first triple-double in Washington history. But after carrying Washington for most of the second half, Fultz went scoreless in the final 2 ½ minutes. After taking a 71-67 lead, Washington missed four straight shots and had a key turnover during a stretch where Flynn was fantastic.
Noah Dickerson added 19 points for the Huskies.
“A very tough loss. It's not just your conference opener but it's an opener at home and we did not play well enough to get it done. Very unfortunate,” Washington coach Lorenzo Romar said.
Fultz spent the first 25 minutes getting others involved, before taking over the scoring to help Washington rally from an eight-point deficit early in the second half. Fultz scored nine of 13 points during a 5 ½ minute stretch, and Washington pulled even at 64-64 with 7:37 remaining after a layup by Dickerson.
Washington State briefly took a 67-66 lead after Hawkinson split a pair of free throws with 4:20 remaining, but Fultz's 17-footer with 3:22 remaining put the Huskies ahead 68-67. Less than a minute later, Fultz's 3-pointer over Hawkinson as the shot clock expired extended the lead to 71-67.
That's when Flynn took over. He answered quickly with a driving layup and Hawkinson's basket underneath with 1:36 left pulled the Cougars even at 71-71.
Fultz turned the ball over on Washington's next possession and Flynn beat David Crisp off a screen and scored with 48.6 remaining to give Washington State the lead. Fultz missed a driving layup with his left hand and rather than foul, Washington played out the remaining time. Flynn beat Dickerson off the dribble and scored at the rim with 13.9 seconds left for a four-point lead and Washington State added four free throws in the final seconds.
“We didn't guard the ball screen properly,” Romar said. “The first half we did a very good job guarding everything. But there were breakdowns in the second half and in those final stretches ball-screen defense broke down.”
Big picture
Washington State: The Cougars snapped an eight-game losing streak in conference openers. Washington State's last conference opening victory came in the 2007-08 season when the Cougars beat Washington 56-52 in Seattle.
Washington: Fultz got little help from his supporting cast outside of Dickerson. Washington's other three starters — Crisp, Matisse Thybulle and Malik Dime — combined for just 18 points.
Turning point
Washington led by as many as 13 in the first half, only to see Washington State cut the lead to seven by halftime and surge in the opening moments of the second half. The Cougars scored the first 14 points of the half and built a 49-41 lead before Crisp finally knocked down the Huskies first shot of the half.
The professional ethos of law firms discourages men from taking parental leave, a new Finnish-Canadian study shows. Carried out by the University of Eastern Finland and TÉLUQ University in Quebec, the study found that the professional culture in law firms rests on traditional masculine ideology, with men regarded as the providers for their families. This view does not encourage men to combine their professional career and child care. The findings were reported in the International Journal of the Legal Profession.
The fact that few male lawyers take parental leave is an indication of gender inequality within the legal profession.
"In law firms, family policies and flexible working arrangements are mainly targeted at women, and this has a negative impact on women's career development. If fathers took a more active role in child care, it would facilitate the emergence of a professional culture that is more family-friendly. In the process, it is also likely that this would reduce gender bias in the division of legal tasks and career paths within law firms," Researcher Marta Choroszewicz from the University of Eastern Finland explains.
The study examined male lawyers' motives behind taking or not taking paternity and parental leaves in law firms based in Helsinki, Finland, and in Montreal, Canada. Canadian male lawyers were significantly less keen to take paternity leave than their Finnish colleagues. This is partly explained by Finland's longer paternity leave tradition. Instead of taking paternity leave, Canadian male lawyers preferred taking annual holiday when their child was born.
The greater popularity of paternity leave in Finland is also explained by organisational differences between Finnish and Canadian law firms. In Finland, young lawyers typically work as members of a team, and they for example face lower expectations to attract new clients than their Canadian colleagues. In Canada, the work revolves more around the individual, and even young lawyers are expected to contribute to marketing, networking and new client recruitment.
Preliminary findings from Finland show that there, too, the attitudes to paternity leave vary from one generation to the next. Law firm partners representing the post-Second World War generation and Generation X often did not take paternity leave when their children were small, and they do not necessarily understand the need of today's young male lawyers to participate in early child care. In many law firms, paternity leaves are still regarded as optional, compared to, for example, maternity leaves.
"It is not enough that men's right to parental leave is guaranteed by legislation. We also need organisational solutions, collegial encouragement and examples set by male law firm partners," Choroszewicz points out.
In Finland, the right to paternity leave was enacted in legislation in 1978. In 2013, the length of paternity leave was extended to nine weeks. In Canada, taking paternity leave has been possible since 2006, but only in the province of Quebec, and the length is only half of what it is in Finland.
###
For further information, please contact: Researcher Marta Choroszewicz, tel. +358 50 330 9365, marta.choroszewicz(at)uef.fi
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.
The Solomon Islands Government have secured the land required to construct a national stadium for the 2023 Pacific Games.
Negotiations for the land in capital Honiara, located on the island of Guadalcanal, have been delayed for nearly a year.
An agreement has now been reached for a site, however, which is located near the King George VI Secondary School and the University of the South Pacific.
Pacific Games Council (PGC) chief executive Andrew Minogue praised the progress made on securing the land.
He expressed his hope the breakthrough would boost preparations for the Games.
"On those two facilities, the school and the university, is going to be the Athletes' Villages for the Games, where all the teams and delegations will stay," Minogue told Radio New Zealand.
"So it's always made a lot of sense to have the main hub of the Games - your main stadium, your athletics track and so on - in those grounds but we've been made aware the last year or so that there are some land issues around getting full access to that site.
"It appears through the Prime Minister's department they've intervened and basically brought all the stakeholders together and got an agreement which is really quite helpful."
PGC chief executive Andrew Minogue hopes the agreement leads to further progress ©PGC
A location for the Games' swimming venue is expected to be the next major challenge for organisers.
Solomon Islands were awarded the Games back in 2016, having seen off the challenge of rivals Tahiti.
They are poised to become the seventh nation to host the Games, which take place every four years.
The PGC are hoping to avoid a similar scenario to what affected the 2019 Games, which saw Tonga's Government withdraw as hosts due to financial reasons.
Samoa were named as replacement hosts in December.
Minogue has stated a revised host city agreement has been signed with the Solomon Islands.
The agreement will see several milestones set to ensure preparations remain on track.
Zlib 1.2.9 was released this weekend as the first update to this data compression library in more than three years.Zlib 1.2.9 has a number of bug fixes, improves compress() and uncompress() functions for large lengths, improved speed of gzprintf(), a new uncompress2() function, much faster deflation performance for level zero, and a wide range of other changes.Those wanting to learn more about zlib 1.2.9 as the first update since April 2013 can learn more via zlib.net
TORONTO – It sounds like a potentially perilous situation: an officer calling for assistance while on duty. Except in the case of two Toronto officers on Sunday, the problem wasn't gunfire or an uncooperative arrestee—it was pot the cops had allegedly consumed.
CBC News reports the officers, whose names haven't been released by the department, allegedly ate marijuana edibles near a police station and then reportedly started to hallucinate.
That's when CBC News reports that one made the call, though sources tell CP24 a more colorful story: that the call was placed after one officer ended up in a tree.
The two were reportedly found in a police vehicle and at least one of them was brought to the hospital. Making the situation worse: an officer who responded to the scene slipped on ice and suffered a head injury in the process.
The Toronto Star reports that some hours prior, a raid had been carried out on a nearby marijuana dispensary; it reports that it's unclear if the officers in question participated, but a source tells CBC News the edibles that were allegedly consumed were thought to have been taken during that raid.
The officers have reportedly been suspended and will be investigated by the professional standards unit. (These stoned drug traffickers called 911 on themselves.)
This article originally appeared on Newser: Cops Allegedly Eat Pot on Duty, Start Hallucinating
More From Newser:
TX 110 North at County Road 427 is shut down in Smith County.
The shut down is due to a vehicle striking a power pole.
The lines from the power pole are laying across the roadway.
The road will be shut down for approximately 6 hours.
Copyright 2018 KLTV. All Rights Reserved.
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) – Nashville attorney and former Army helicopter pilot James Mackler says he is running for the Democratic nomination to represent Tennessee in the U.S. Senate.
Mackler announced Monday that he wants to challenge incumbent Republican Sen. Bob Corker in next year's general election.
Mackler, 44, suspended his legal career in response to the 9-11 attacks, joining the Army in 2001. He spent three years as a Black Hawk pilot in the 101st Airborne Division that included a deployment to Iraq and an Air Medal for “bold and audacious piloting.”
He later transferred the Judge Advocate General Corps. Mackler left active duty in 2011, but continues to serve in the Tennessee Air National Guard.
Republicans have held both of Tennessee's seats in the Senate since 1994.
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
March 29 If utilities in Georgia or South Carolina decide not to complete nuclear power reactors under construction by Westinghouse Electric Co following its bankruptcy, those units would join a long list of abandoned U.S. nuclear projects. Westinghouse, a unit of Japanese conglomerate Toshiba Corp, is building two reactors for Georgia Power and partners at the Vogtle site in Georgia and two for South Carolina Electric & Gas (SCE&G) and its partner in South Carolina. The utilities, units of Southern Co (Georgia Power) and Scana Corp (SCE&G), have not canceled the reactor projects but said they were evaluating options. All 99 of the reactors now in service in the United States were started before the Three Mile Island accident in Pennsylvania in 1979. At that time, utilities had construction permits from the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) to build around 97 reactors, most of which were already under construction. The utilities only put in service 53 of those reactors. See below for a list of reactors that were never finished after obtaining a construction permit from the NRC, according to data from the NRC and Reuters: Plant Utility State Size (megawatt Cancel electric) Date Shearon Harris 2 Carolina Power & Light Co NC 900 1983 Shearon Harris 3 Carolina Power & Light Co NC 900 1981 Shearon Harris 4 Carolina Power & Light Co NC 900 1981 Zimmer 1 Cincinnati Gas & Electric Co OH 810 1984 Midland 1 Consumers Power Co MI 492 1986 Midland 2 Consumers Power Co MI 818 1986 Cherokee 1 Duke Power Co SC 1,280 1983 Cherokee 2 Duke Power Co SC 1,280 1982 Cherokee 3 Duke Power Co SC 1,280 1982 Washington Nuclear 1 Energy Northwest WA 1,266 1995 Washington Nuclear 3 Energy Northwest WA 1,242 1995 Washington Nuclear 4 Energy Northwest WA 1,218 1982 Washington Nuclear 5 Energy Northwest WA 1,242 1982 Grand Gulf 2 Entergy Nuclear Operations Inc MS 1,250 1990 Vogtle 3 Georgia Power Co GA 1,113 1974 Vogtle 4 Georgia Power Co GA 1,113 1974 River Bend 2 Gulf States Utilities Co LA 934 1984 Clinton 2 Illinois Power Co IL 933 1983 Forked River 1 Jersey Central Power & Light Co NJ 1,070 1980 Jamesport 1 Long Island Lighting Co NY 1,150 1980 Jamesport 2 Long Island Lighting Co NY 1,150 1980 * Shoreham Long Island Lighting Co NY 820 1989 Bailly 1 Northern Indiana Public Service Co IN 645 1981 Tyrone 2 Northern States Power Co WI 1,150 1974 Seabrook 2 Public Service Co of New Hampshire NH 1,198 1988 Hope Creek 2 Public Service Electric & Gas Co DE 1,067 1981 Marble Hill 1 Public Service of Indiana IN 1,130 1985 Marble Hill 2 Public Service of Indiana IN 1,130 1985 Sterling Rochester Gas & Electric Corp NY 1,150 1980 Bellefonte 1 Tennessee Valley Authority AL 1,235 1988 Bellefonte 2 Tennessee Valley Authority AL 1,235 1988 Hartsville A1 Tennessee Valley Authority TN 1,233 1984 Hartsville A2 Tennessee Valley Authority TN 1,233 1984 Hartsville B1 Tennessee Valley Authority TN 1,233 1982 Hartsville B2 Tennessee Valley Authority TN 1,233 1982 Phipps Bend 1 Tennessee Valley Authority TN 1,220 1982 Phipps Bend 2 Tennessee Valley Authority TN 1,220 1982 Yellow Creek 1 Tennessee Valley Authority MS 1,285 1984 Yellow Creek 2 Tennessee Valley Authority MS 1,285 1984 Callaway 2 Union Electric Co MD 1,150 1981 North Anna 3 Virginia Electric & Power Co VA 907 1982 North Anna 4 Virginia Electric & Power Co VA 907 1980 Surry 3 Virginia Electric & Power Co VA 882 1977 Surry 4 Virginia Electric & Power Co VA 882 1977 * Long Island Lighting Co, or LILCO, finished the Shoreham reactor but was not able to operate it commercially due to opposition in New York. (Reporting by Scott DiSavino)
A mild earthquake gently shook parts of the Ottawa-Gatineau area Monday but federal officials said there were no reports of damage.
Earthquake Canada said the tremor began at 4:58 p.m. and was an estimated magnitude of 3.3. The quake could be felt in Orléans, Buckingham, Que., and Val-des-Monts, Que., which is about 40 kilometres northeast of Gatineau.
Gatineau fire said the quake was felt in the fire station and only lasted a few seconds, adding they had not received any reports of damage.
Related
EARTHQUAKE Mag=3.3 on 14 Aug at 16:58 EDT. Details : https://t.co/SDjFJJRZVp 16 km NNW of Buckingham, QC 29 km NE of Gatineau, QC — Earthquakes Canada (@CANADAquakes) August 14, 2017
Residents were quick to share what they felt during the earthquake on social media.
“EARTHQUAKE!!!” said one user.
“Felt a fairly strong earthquake, maybe a 2+, lasting about 25 seconds in Val-des-Monts,” said another user.
The Ottawa-Gatineau area experiences small earthquakes frequently because of its geographical location, which is in the Western Quebec seismic zone.
“Where the (Earth's) crust is a little bit weaker is more susceptible to earthquakes,” explained seismologist Michal Kolaj.
This seismic zone is not directly on the border of a tectonic plate, like Western Canada, but it is still susceptible to frequent tremors, Kolaj said.
The Geological Survey rated Ottawa-Gatineau as one of the country's urban areas most at risk of an earthquake. It's ranked third, behind Vancouver and Montreal. If a major earthquake (more than 6.0) occurred, the event will be felt most acutely in Orléans, which sits atop a giant belt of Leda clay that would amplify its effects.
With files from Andrew Duffy
oblackmore@postmedia.com
twitter.com/olivia_blckmr
BERLIN Hoffenheim came from a goal down to beat 10-man Hertha Berlin 3-1 away with two goals from Andrej Kramaric on Friday to climb into provisional third place in the Bundesliga and tighten their hold on a Champions League spot for next season.
Niklas Suele and Kramaric, with his 10th goal this term, struck late on after Hertha's Maximilian Mittelstaedt was sent off just before the hour. A Kramaric penalty had cancelled out Peter Pekarik's strike for the hosts in the first half.
The result lifted Hoffenheim to 48 points from 26 matches, two above Borussia Dortmund who visit Schalke 04 on Saturday, while Hertha's second home loss this season hit their quest for a top-four finish as they stayed fifth, six points off Dortmund.
Bayern Munich are 13 points clear at the top of the table before they host Augsburg on Saturday when second-placed RB Leipzig welcome bottom side Darmstadt 98.
The top three qualify for the Champions League group stage with the fourth-placed team entering the qualifying rounds.
Hoffenheim had keeper Oliver Baumann to thank in the 17th minute when he denied Salomon Kalou and cleared the rebound off the line.
But Hertha's Slovak defender Pekarik did better for the hosts in the 32nd, firing home from 15 metres for his first league goal in his 151st Bundesliga appearance.
The visitors levelled with Kramaric's 39th minute spot kick following Mittelstaedt's handball and, with Hertha's first-half pace evaporating after the break, the hosts suffered another blow when Mittelstaedt was dismissed for a second booking.
Croatian Kramaric will be asking himself how he failed to score again in the 66th when he fired a thundering shot onto the crossbar and then volleyed the rebound against the post.
Two minutes later it was Hoffenheim midfielder Kerem Demirbay's turn to have a go before Suele scored with his 30-metre missile. Kramaric then tapped in the third goal in the 86th to complete a winning night for the visitors.
(Reporting by Karolos Grohmann; editing by Ken Ferris)
(Adds central bank comments, background)
MEXICO CITY, March 30 Mexico's central bank raised its benchmark interest rate for the fifth time in a row on Thursday, taking borrowing costs to an eight-year high but policymakers slowed the pace of hikes on the back of a rally in the peso.
The board of the Banco de Mexico unanimously decided to raise its main rate by a quarter percentage point to 6.50 percent, the bank said in a statement, as expected by 15 of 24 analysts surveyed by Reuters.
The central bank said it raised rates to anchor inflation expectations and that it also took into account the U.S. Federal Reserve's move this month to raise borrowing costs by a quarter-percentage point.
Mexico had hiked in 50-basis point moves in its previous four meetings as the peso tumbled to successive historic lows and threatened to fan inflation.
But the peso has rallied back on bets that U.S. President Donald Trump will not impose big tariffs on Mexican exports to the United States and as initial talks about trade have taken a more positive tone.
The central bank warned in its statement on Thursday that "uncertainty prevails in the external environment" despite the peso's rally, but it did say that the outlook for inflation had not worsened further since its last meeting in early February
Policymakers also said the outlook for growth had improved slightly.
The country's benchmark rate is at levels not seen since early 2009, when the bank was slashing borrowing costs amid a global financial crisis.
Mexico's annual inflation rate rose above 5 percent to a nearly eight-year high in early March, but policymakers said on Thursday that it should trend back toward their 3-percent target by the end of next year.
The peso briefly extended gains after the decision to touch its strongest level in nearly five months, when it was hammered by Trump's surprise election victory.
The peso has gained about 10 percent since the central bank's last decision on Feb. 9. (Reporting by Michael O'Boyle; Editing by Bill Rigby and Alistair Bell)
The foreign ministers of Russia, India and China, at a recent meeting, did not explicitly mention terrorism emanating from Pakistan as their target despite India highlighting the issue. However, Russia's foreign minister said at a separate gathering that his country would help Pakistan dismantle terror infrastructure in its territory.
New Delhi (Sputnik) — Russia, India and China have resolved to step up cooperation in combating the spread of terrorist ideology and propaganda, stopping sources of terror financing, preventing terrorists from traveling and choking the supply of arms to terrorists.
The joint statement issued by foreign ministers of the three countries (RIC) in New Delhi on Monday also called for concerted efforts by the international community in stopping the recruitment of terrorist fighters, preventing the misuse of information and communication technologies by terrorists and in dismantling the terrorist infrastructure.
Indian Foreign Minister Sushma Swaraj, who hosted her Russian counterpart Sergei Lavrov and Chinese foreign minister Wang Yi in New Delhi, said that she took up the issue of Pakistan-based terrorist organizations and the need to curb their activities.
"While discussing terrorism, I put across my view that the significant rise in acts of terrorism by terrorist organisations like the Taliban, Daesh (ISIS), Al-Qaeda, and LeT directly undermine international peace and security and endanger ongoing efforts to strengthen the global economy and ensure sustainable growth and development," Swaraj told the media after the meeting.
However, the RIC joint statement did not name Pakistan, unlike the joint document issued after the Brazil-Russia-India-China-South Africa (BRICS) meeting in Xiamen, China, earlier this year.
READ MORE: Need for Stronger India-Russia Ties Amid Changing Global Reality
Nevertheless, addressing a select audience at a function organized by the Indian Vivekananda International Foundation in New Delhi, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said that his country was open to extending all possible Pakistan to root out terrorism from its soil.
"Pakistan has its own interest in getting rid of terrorist organizations using its territory. We will be ready to support Pakistan in this regard," Lavrov said.
Lavrov's statement is being viewed by Indian analysts as the best possible indictment of Pakistan by Russia for supporting terrorists.
"We need to understand the context of Indo-Russian relation today. Russia is not so happy with India for its Indo-US defense cooperation. But despite this, the statement is clear that Pakistan is not a sufferer of terror but its soil is used by terror outfits. Given all these circumstances, India also knows that Indo-Russian relation is a seasoned one with many years of cooperation. If it comes to voting to declare Pakistan a state supporting terror, Russia will surely be by the side of India and its interests," retired Major Gen P K Sehgal told Sputnik.
Meanwhile, the RIC leaders are also deeply concerned about the threat of weapons of mass destruction falling into the hands of terrorist groups, including the use of chemicals and biological agents for terrorist purposes.
"We reaffirm that all acts of terrorism are criminal and unjustifiable irrespective of their motivations, committed wherever and by whomsoever," the joint statement by the RIC leaders read.
The joint statement also called upon the international community to respect international law and the UN Charter, including the principles of sovereign equality of states and non-interference in a country's internal affairs while dealing with terrorism and related issues.
Description :
Satellite Bus-Global Market Status and Trend Report 2013-2023 offers a comprehensive analysis on Satellite Bus industry, standing on the readers' perspective, delivering detailed market data and penetrating insights. No matter the client is industry insider, potential entrant or investor, the report will provides useful data and information. Key questions answered by this report include:
Worldwide and Regional Market Size of Satellite Bus 2013-2017, and development forecast 2018-2023
Main manufacturers/suppliers of Satellite Bus worldwide, with company and product introduction, position in the Satellite Bus market
Market status and development trend of Satellite Bus by types and applications
Cost and profit status of Satellite Bus, and marketing status
Market growth drivers and challenges
Request For sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/3023338-satellite-bus-global-market-status-and-trend-report-2013-2023
The report segments the global Satellite Bus market as:
Global Satellite Bus Market: Regional Segment Analysis (Regional Production Volume, Consumption Volume, Revenue and Growth Rate 2013-2023):
North America
Europe
China
Japan
Rest APAC
Latin America
Global Satellite Bus Market: Type Segment Analysis (Consumption Volume, Average Price, Revenue, Market Share and Trend 2013-2023):
By Subsystem
Structures & Mechanisms
Thermal Control
Electric Power System
Attitude Control System
Propulsion
Telemetry Tracking and Command (TT&C)
Flight Software
Global Satellite Bus Market: Application Segment Analysis (Consumption Volume and Market Share 2013-2023; Downstream Customers and Market Analysis)
Earth Observation & Meteorology
Communication
Scientific Research & Exploration
Surveillance & Security
Mapping & Navigation
Navigation
Global Satellite Bus Market: Manufacturers Segment Analysis (Company and Product introduction, Satellite Bus Sales Volume, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin):
Orbital ATK Inc
Lockheed Martin Corporation
Thales Alenia Space
Airbus Group
China Academy of Space Technology
Israel Aerospace Industries Ltd
The Boeing Company
Honeywell International Inc
Mitsubishi Electric Corporation
Ball Corporation
Macdonald Dettwiler and Associates Ltd
Sierra Nevada Corporation
Complete Report Details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/3023338-satellite-bus-global-market-status-and-trend-report-2013-2023
Table Of Content :
Chapter 1 Overview of Satellite Bus
1.1 Definition of Satellite Bus in This Report
1.2 Commercial Types of Satellite Bus
1.2.1 By Subsystem
1.2.2 Structures & Mechanisms
1.2.3 Thermal Control
1.2.4 Electric Power System
1.2.5 Attitude Control System
1.2.6 Propulsion
1.2.7 Telemetry Tracking and Command (TT&C)
1.2.8 Flight Software
1.3 Downstream Application of Satellite Bus
1.3.1 Earth Observation & Meteorology
1.3.2 Communication
1.3.3 Scientific Research & Exploration
1.3.4 Surveillance & Security
1.3.5 Mapping & Navigation
1.3.6 Navigation
1.4 Development History of Satellite Bus
1.5 Market Status and Trend of Satellite Bus 2013-2023
1.5.1 Global Satellite Bus Market Status and Trend 2013-2023
1.5.2 Regional Satellite Bus Market Status and Trend 2013-2023
Chapter 2 Global Market Status and Forecast by Regions
2.1 Market Development of Satellite Bus 2013-2017
2.2 Production Market of Satellite Bus by Regions
2.2.1 Production Volume of Satellite Bus by Regions
2.2.2 Production Value of Satellite Bus by Regions
2.3 Demand Market of Satellite Bus by Regions
2.4 Production and Demand Status of Satellite Bus by Regions
2.4.1 Production and Demand Status of Satellite Bus by Regions 2013-2017
2.4.2 Import and Export Status of Satellite Bus by Regions 2013-2017
Chapter 3 Global Market Status and Forecast by Types
3.1 Production Volume of Satellite Bus by Types
3.2 Production Value of Satellite Bus by Types
3.3 Market Forecast of Satellite Bus by Types
Chapter 4 Global Market Status and Forecast by Downstream Industry
4.1 Demand Volume of Satellite Bus by Downstream Industry
4.2 Market Forecast of Satellite Bus by Downstream Industry
Chapter 5 Market Driving Factor Analysis of Satellite Bus
5.1 Global Economy Situation and Trend Overview
5.2 Satellite Bus Downstream Industry Situation and Trend Overview
Chapter 6 Satellite Bus Market Competition Status by Major Manufacturers
6.1 Production Volume of Satellite Bus by Major Manufacturers
6.2 Production Value of Satellite Bus by Major Manufacturers
6.3 Basic Information of Satellite Bus by Major Manufacturers
6.3.1 Headquarters Location and Established Time of Satellite Bus Major Manufacturer
6.3.2 Employees and Revenue Level of Satellite Bus Major Manufacturer
6.4 Market Competition News and Trend
6.4.1 Merger, Consolidation or Acquisition News
6.4.2 Investment or Disinvestment News
6.4.3 New Product Development and Launch
Chapter 7 Satellite Bus Major Manufacturers Introduction and Market Data
7.1 Orbital ATK Inc
7.1.1 Company profile
7.1.2 Representative Satellite Bus Product
7.1.3 Satellite Bus Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin of Orbital ATK Inc
7.2 Lockheed Martin Corporation
7.2.1 Company profile
7.2.2 Representative Satellite Bus Product
7.2.3 Satellite Bus Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin of Lockheed Martin Corporation
7.3 Thales Alenia Space
7.3.1 Company profile
7.3.2 Representative Satellite Bus Product
7.3.3 Satellite Bus Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin of Thales Alenia Space
7.4 Airbus Group
7.4.1 Company profile
7.4.2 Representative Satellite Bus Product
7.4.3 Satellite Bus Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin of Airbus Group
7.5 China Academy of Space Technology
7.5.1 Company profile
7.5.2 Representative Satellite Bus Product
7.5.3 Satellite Bus Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin of China Academy of Space Technology
Continued…….
CONTACT US:
NORAH TRENT
Partner Relations & Marketing Manager
sales@wiseguyreports.com
http://www.wiseguyreports.com
Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US)
Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK)
The wire-free earphones race is hotting up, with some of the bigger-name audio companies getting in on the action. For the Sony WF-1000X, however, it's not just about a great sounding pair of earphones, it's about killing the noise with excellent in-ear noise-cancelling too.
See current price on Amazon UK - Amazon US
It's an ambitious play from Sony, especially at a sub-£200 price point, but the proof of the pudding is - as always - in the eating. Or, in this case, the hearing. So just how good are Sony's wire-free earphones?
Wire-free design
Weigh 70 grams
S/M/L silicone and foam tips included
As wire-free earphones go, the Sony pair are among the most professional looking we've seen. They're shaped like mini blimps, with a mock metal paint on the majority of the casing and a dark, translucent narrow front portion.
It certainly makes for a unique aesthetic, especially with the blue light flashing at the top. But the translucent portion is there for more than just looks - it's where the Bluetooth antennas are housed. By using a more radio transparent material, it ensures that the two earbuds stay in connection with the phone/audio source and each other.
One thing we really like about the Sony design is that the earphones are still small and comfortable to wear. They don't have the same snug and slightly uncomfortable fit as the Jabra Elite Sport. Instead they're light and compact, so they don't need much to hold them in your ears. There's a very small rubber "fin" to provide a little extra support. In our testing they never fell out, or felt loose, although that didn't stop us feeling a little nervous about the lack of snug-ness.
The included charging case is one area where we see Sony's love for over-engineering come into play. It's a long plastic, pill-shaped box that's made mostly from plastic and covered in a thin metal outer casing. The lid is held on by a two-point hinge which you pull up, then away to access the earphone cradles.
Each earphone fits into its own cradle, labelled with a white "L" and red "R", colour matched to the same labels on the actual earphones. There are two contact points for charging, and two clips for holding them in place in the case. Rather than use magnets that snap them in magically, you have to press them in until they click into place.
It's undoubtedly a cool hinge system, and the clips holding the earphones in place certainly feel more secure than the Jabra Elite Sport (which have nothing except the force of the lid keeping them in secured).
However, we wish that Sony had spent a little more time perfecting the application of metal onto the plastic innards. In our unit - and in others we saw - the metal casing became detached from the lid, and wouldn't stick back on again, thus leaving us with a plastic, unprotected portion of the case. And that happened after just a day.
6mm dome drivers
20Hz-20kHz range
There's a lot to like about the way the WF-1000X sound. There's plenty of bass - and good quality bass at that. It doesn't get overly muddy or undefined, yet manages to create a full and enjoyable profile. That's not always common for in-ears.
Likewise, the details are retained well in the mid and high frequencies too. Whether you're listening to sparse acoustic music, bass and synth-heavy dance music, or vocal-driven pop, the Sony sound works well.
When listening we could still hear subtle background details, like the plectrum brushing across strings. Being super critical, however, we got the sense that the overall sound could be a little clearer and ring more purely. Especially considering these cost £200
That said, the WF-1000X is easily one of the best-sounding wire-free earphone options we've tested so far, if not the best.
Digital noise-cancelling
Voice and Normal ambient noise modes
Last year, Sony's noise-cancelling technology impressed us in the over-ear MDR-1000X headphones. Now, the company wants to build on that success with the inclusion of adaptive noise-cancelling in the WF-1000X in-ears.
As noise-cancelling goes, it's among the best we've experienced in the in-ear category. It successfully cuts out airplane noise, bustling high streets and general chit-chat. In fact, with them in your ear canals, the WF-1000X close you off in a world where you can purely focus on the music.
Unless you turn your volume down really low, you won't hear a single thing except maybe a faint murmuring in the background. It's really impressive.
Like the Bragi Dash Pro, the Sony also has an ambient noise pass through system that can be tailored to suit your environment. Using Sony's app it's possible to adapt it to prioritise people speaking, or set it to normal mode to let general noise through (traffic/sirens, etc). Problem is, when listening to music at a reasonable volume the ambient pass through really doesn't work that well - not as well as the Bragi.
With the vocal setting chosen on the WF-1000X, we could barely hear people speaking to us in the same room, unless they raised their voices. We tested the normal mode using a Boeing cabin sound playing loudly in the background. And we could definitely hear it droning in the background with the ambient setting switched on.
In real-life everyday situations, however, the ambient noise just didn't seem to come through clearly, or it - while clearly not being killed by noise-cancelling - wasn't clear enough to make the ambient control system worthwhile.
Bluetooth 4.1 with 10m range
3 hours playback between charges
9 hours total playback (from charging case)
One issue we've had with Bluetooth earphones in general is their reliability to stay, consistently. But for Sony, it's not been an issue at all.
Thanks to the aforementioned Bluetooth radio placement and design, the earbuds stayed connected to each other the entire time we tested them. Not once did we experience a drop-out, not even for a split second, not even when our phone was in our pocket.
Battery life lived up to the promised three hours of continuous playback as well. In comparison to the Jabra Elite Sport's 4.5 hours, that's not hugely impressive, but it's perhaps a slight compromise in order to make an earphone that's small and comfortable to wear. It's plenty to get you through even the longest daily commutes, or even through an entire movie, before needing to dock them in the case to recharge.
All-in, including the battery top-ups offered by the battery-equipped carrying case, you get around nine hours of use before you need to plug them in using the Micro-USB cable. It's some way short of the Jabra in this regard, but better the Bragi's Dash Pro in real-life use.
KOROLYOV (Sputnik) - Cosmonauts Alexander Misurkin and Anton Shkaplerov have set a new record for the longest spacewalk conducted by Russians after they were held up in space fixing a communications antenna.
The cosmonauts stayed outside the International Space Station for 8 hours 13 minutes, six minutes longer than Oleg Kotov and Sergei Ryazansky, a Sputnik correspondent reported from the Russian space agency Roscosmos' Mission Control Center in Korolyov near Moscow.
Misurkin dedicated his spacewalk to the Victory spacesuit art project created by Russian and US cancer patients, Alyona Kuzmenko, the president of the Unity Movement behind it, told Sputnik.
"Even if your enemy is a serious disease, even if it is a very powerful and terrible enemy like cancer, don't be scared and don't give up! Think only that the truth is on your side – you have a right to live. Fight steadily and you'll win," Misurkin said in a comment to Sputnik.
Kuzmenko said the cosmonaut helped design the logo which adorns the spacesuit. It pictures the Little Prince, a character from a book by French writer and aviator Antoine de Saint-Exupery. The suit was launched to the ISS in October 2017.
However, the world record belongs to NASA astronauts Susan Helms and James Voss, who conducted an 8-hour and 56 minute spacewalk in 2001.
(Repeats, no change to text)
LONDON, April 13 By the time Chelsea walk out at Old Trafford on Sunday their Premier League lead may again have been cut to a slender four points.
For the second weekend running, Antonio Conte's side kick off after their main pursuers Tottenham Hotspur but, unlike last Saturday when they were always odds-on to restore their advantage by beating Bournemouth, real danger lurks in the form of Manchester United - and ex-manager Jose Mourinho.
When the teams last met the Portuguese appeared unusually relaxed, eschewing the regulation collar and tie he always wore as Blues manager for gilet and trainers. But he still ended up squaring with Conte on the Stamford Bridge touchline during a fractious FA Cup quarter-final that saw Ander Herrera sent off.
Chelsea's 1-0 win was their second over United this season and although the result was much closer than the 4-0 league drubbing, the chasm that has opened between the teams was clear.
Sunday marks the start of a testing period for United with fixtures against City, Arsenal and Spurs looming, alongside their continuing Europa League campaign.
Mourinho will respond to the workload by rotating his squad. In the process he will highlight one of the big differences between United and Chelsea this season: while the Portuguese has made 85 team changes in his Premier League line-ups, Conte has switched personnel just 31 times, an average of one per game and the fewest in the league.
That consistency has provided the bedrock of their title challenge and Conte can approach Sunday's game knowing it is Mourinho's United who must take the initiative on a ground where they have already drawn nine times this season.
Even their wins have often been scratchily unimpressive and Chelsea will set up to play on the counter-attack with N'golo Kante prowling and ready to pounce in midfield.
Much has been made of Kante's impact this season, when he has perfected the art of perfect tackling at a time when referees punish the slightest aberration.
He is expected to be named on the PFA player of the season shortlist along with Eden Hazard later this week.
You can probably bet Paul Pogba's transfer fee on United's midfielder not joining them on the six-man shortlist because despite costing 59 million pounds ($73.77 million) more than Kante, he has made a fraction of the impact.
Sunday provides Pogba with the perfect opportunity to make the big-match statement that has been lacking for United, who are unbeaten in 21 league games but still 18 points adrift of the leaders in fifth place.
Nothing irks Mourinho more than suggestions that Conte represents the future while he encapsulates the past, a once great manager out of tune with current sensitivities.
But his recent public criticism of Luke Shaw and David de Gea has added to the narrative and he too has something to prove on Sunday. If his brain is really big enough to do Shaw's thinking for him, as he bizarrely claimed recently, then surely it can come up with a plan to outwit Conte?
Success would hand a huge boost for Spurs, who entertain Bournemouth in Saturday's early kickoff knowing they can again pile the pressure on Chelsea.
Third-placed Liverpool travel to West Bromwich Albion on Sunday while Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger must wait until Monday's match against Middlesbrough for the chance to silence his detractors and check a disastrous run of four away defeats. ($1 = 0.7998 pounds) (Reporting by Neil Robinson; editing by Mark Heinrich)
This fall, Ottawa elects a new city council. To help guide the campaign this summer, we've asked people for ONE idea that would make the city a better place – without necessarily breaking the bank. Today, Alan Etherington of the GottaGo Campaign, Ottawa urges politicians (and private business) to improve access to that one facility we all need.
Our last city council made some limited progress in improving access to public toilets in Ottawa:
• It agreed to add two toilets to the LRT (at the hub stations of Bayview and Hurdman) and promised them at hub stations in Phase Two;
• It funded 10 porta potties for splash pads and sports fields during the summer months of 2018; and,
• For those with a smart phone or tablet, it produced an app (ottpee.ca) showing the locations of toilets in city-supported institutions (but excluding, for example, those managed by the NCC or facilities such as shopping centres).
Despite this, our city, with one million residents and another 10 million visitors each year to Ottawa-Gatineau, has an appalling shortage of public toilets downtown, in recreation areas and on the transit system. Moreover, some of our public toilets are hidden or closed half the time.
The next council should recognize the importance of public toilets for parents of young children, for seniors, for those suffering from diseases such as Crohn's and Colitis, for transit users waiting at Park and Ride hubs, for park users – and probably for all of us at some time.
Many options to improve this situation have only a modest price tag. For instance:
• Street-level direction signs to public toilets downtown. One example is the toilet east of the East Block of Parliament, a fine facility but out of sight from Wellington Street;
• Putting porta potties at public splash pads that have no nearby toilet;
• Placing porta potties at the Park and Ride transit stations, such as at Eagleson;
The city could also experiment with lower-cost composting toilets in some parks; make better use of the existing toilets by opening them for longer hours; and expand the ottpee.ca app to include all publicly available toilets.
How low-cost are these ideas? GottaGo rented a porta potty at Harrold Place splash pad (near Merivale and Carling Avenues) for $150 a month for the summer of 2016. It was used by dozens of pre-school kids, their care-givers and others.
Manufacturing and installing 20 or so street-level direction signs for the “hidden” public toilets in the downtown area would cost $2,000 to $3,000. Meanwhile, while compost toilets cost approximately $40,000, it's a small fraction of the cost of a toilet with sewer connection.
The city could provide financial incentives to businesses, to encourage coffee shops and other food and drink businesses to allow the public to use the toilet (thanks to Starbucks for leading on this!), and the city should promote guidelines that require universal-access toilets in new and renovated public buildings.
If there are special funds for special needs, these should include funding for one or two full-service toilets downtown with changing facilities for severely disabled adults needing a hoist.
Great cities are cities that welcome everybody and make them feel at ease. Helping people to find and access a toilet is part of making Ottawa a great place to live and visit.
By TOM WITHERS, AP Sports Writer
CLEVELAND (AP) — Browns coach Hue Jackson is confident owner Jimmy Haslam will stick to his plan and bring him back next season.
Jackson, who is 0-13 this season and 1-28 in two years with Cleveland, laughed on Monday when asked about a report that new general manager John Dorsey wants to hire his own coach.
Dorsey was hired as the club's new GM last week by Haslam, who fired vice president of football operations Sashi Brown.
Haslam announced Jackson will return for the 2018 season. Jackson said he has no indication that Haslam will change his mind and “you've got to trust what he said. I know I do.”
As for Dorsey wanting to pick his own coach, Jackson doesn't “think that's the case at all.”
Following Sunday's 27-21 overtime loss to Green Bay, the Browns, who blew a 14-point lead in the second half, became the first team in NFL history to go 0-13 in consecutive seasons.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
IT'S shaping up to be a drizzly end to the week for southeast Queensland.
It will be a cloudy day for Brisbane, the Gold Coast and Sunshine Coast with temperatures reaching a maximum of about 24C.
Showers are forecast for the morning and afternoon, with similar conditions expected tomorrow. Brisbane is forecast to catch about 2-5mm of rainfall today, with the Gold Coast and Sunshine Coast both due to catch 5-8mm.
Drivers are urged to take care on the wet roads this morning.
The wet weather is set to ease over the weekend.
Queensland's wet weather comes after a dry June across the state, with Brisbane recording less than half its normal monthly rainfall.
Camera Icon The wet weather comes after a dry June for southeast Queensland. Picture: News Corp Australia, AAP/Josh Woning
The city collected just 29mm of rain in June — a vast drop from its long-term average of 68mm.
It's been a dry year in general, with Brisbane recording 548mm of rain for the year, compared to its average 611mm.
It's a similar story around the rest of the state, with most major cities falling well below normal.
The Gold Coast recorded a total of 47mm — 76mm below average — while the Sunshine Coast was better with 87mm.
Ipswich, Bundaberg, Longreach and Townsville all received less than 8mm of rain each throughout June.
Rockhampton scraped in just a sixth of its average June rainfall in what's been a very dry year so far — the city has seen nearly 300mm lower rainfall than the long term average.
In the west, conditions have been slightly better, exceeding expectations in Mt Isa and Birdsville.
Korean researchers have identified the mechanism of thermo-sensitive elastin-like polypeptide to control acute intracerebral hemorrhage and accelerate regeneration of nerves
DGIST (President, Sang Hyuk Son) announced that a research team led by principal researcher Won Bae Jeon at DGIST's Companion Diagnostics and Medical Technology Research Group conducted a joint research with the research team of Professor Jong Eun Lee at Yonsei University's College of Medicine and found a thermally responsive elastin-like polypeptide, a protein that controls acute intracerebral hemorrhage and accelerates nerve regeneration. The thermos-responsive elastin-like polypeptides (ELP) is cell-attaching proteins that are soluble in water at room temperature, but are transformed to insoluble gel at body temperature.
Brain hemorrhage, which can occur in the human brain, including intraventricular hemorrhage, intracerebral hemorrhage and subarachnoid hemorrhage, is known to be a brain disease that causes permanent disability, such as paralysis or language disorder, or results in a high mortality rate.
Cerebral hemorrhage accounts for 10-15% of all stroke patients, and the mortality rate is 30-50% within 30 days of onset. However, there are no effective hemostatic methods or therapies to stop bleeding within the first 6 hours of acute intracerebral hemorrhage.
The two research teams used laboratory rats and artificially induce intracerebral hemorrhage. Then, they injected right internal carotid artery with a thermally responsive elastin-like polypeptide solution and observed that the volume of hematoma was significantly reduced in the rats injected with the polypeptide solution.
Through the biochemical and immunological analysis, the teams have identified the mechanism that thermo-responsive elastin-like polypeptides play a role to block physically damaged cerebral blood vessels by building a protein nanostructure in the form of self-assembled gel and simultaneously accelerate vascular restoration by binding to the vascular endothelium.
In addition, the joint research team anticipates that there would be no toxicity or side effects as the peptide gel produced in the cerebral hemorrhage region will not only have a hemostatic effect, but also stimulate brain tissue regeneration then the gel will be decomposed into amino acids and release into the urine.
Thermo-responsive elastin-like polypeptides can be used for the treatment of intracerebral hemorrhage including hypertensive cerebral hemorrhage, Willis' arterial ring obstruction (Moyamoya disease) and other particular cerebral hemorrhage. Moreover, it is expected to be used as a hemostatic agent in the operation of removing cerebral hematoma.
The principal researcher Won Bae Jeon states "While there is no proper treatment to stop bleeding in the early stage of acute intracerebral hemorrhage, this study suggests the possibility of developing hemostatic therapies using thermo-responsive elastin-like polypeptide proteins." He added "We will continue further researches to develop biopharmaceuticals for hemostatic therapy for intracerebral hemorrhage and brain tissue regeneration by optimizing the molecular weight and cell binding capacity of polypeptides."
###
This study has been published in the online edition of Nanomedicine: Nanotechnology, Biology, and Medicine on June 26. The study was supported by the Ministry of Science, ICT and Future Planning's brain science source technology development project and the senior researcher support project.
For more information, contact:
Principal Researcher Won Bae JEON
Companion Diagnostics and Medical Technology Research Group
Daegu Gyeongbuk Institute of Science and Technology (DGIST)
E-mail : wbjeon@dgist.ac.kr
Associated Links
* Research Paper on Journal of Nanomedicine: http://www. sciencedirect. com/ science/ article/ pii/ S1549963417300618?via%3Dihub
Footage the late Selena Quintanilla has emerged after more than two decades, and has been digitized by the Smithsonian's National Museum of American History.
The Smithsonian says that the ultra-rare footage was found in a TV camera donated by Univision, the parent company of San Antonio's KWEX-TV. The video is a 1994 interview with the TV program Tejano USA in which the singer talks about winning her first Grammy Award.
“When they first told us that we were nominated, we all freaked out,” the singer says in the interview. “We couldn't believe it. The first thing, I promise, the first thing that came to mind is, like, ‘I have to take a camera, so I can take pictures with all of these stars.' It didn't hit me later until, like, when I thought, ‘Oh my God. What if we win?' ”
“We went out there and they didn't let me take my camera in, that's one of the things. I didn't get to take pictures until afterward. We were sitting there, when they announced, I had this huge knot in my stomach, I was so nervous. And then they announced the winner!”
She talks about her three-episode guest starring role on the Televisa soap opera, Dos Mujeres, Un Camino. She then introduces her latest music video for her song, “Amor Prohibido.”
Quintailla was just 23 years old when she was murdered by her fan club president in 1995. Music historians believe that she was on the cusp of superstardom.
Quintanilla's untimely death makes the video, seen above, even more bittersweet. “We're just so happy about what's happened,” she gushes to the interviewer. “So many good things have been happening since we won the awards. It's been great.”
TUNNELLING for the Forrestfield-Airport Link has been stalled for more than a month after work caused two sinkholes near Perth Airport.
WA Transport Minister Rita Saffioti confirmed yesterday that boring machine Grace was forced to stop on February 14 after two disturbances in the earth above the tunnel, 300m from the airport station site.
She said that while an independent precautionary review was being done of the site, Grace would undergo maintenance after tunnelling for 1.6km.
“It's quite a tricky ground formation in the area,” Ms Saffioti said.
“You're moving from sand to clay to rock, so as a result it was always going to be a challenge to make sure it got through cleanly.
“We want to make sure that everything's clear to go forward, so they're doing a review as to how everything was operating in that area.
“There's no delay yet because Grace was ahead of schedule and it was waiting for the (station) wall to be completed.”
A Perth Airport spokeswoman said there had been no threat to workers or the public and the project had not reached any critical infrastructure.
“The temporary suspension will allow for the processes associated with the tunnelling to be independently reviewed and validated,” she said.
“PTA and Perth Airport will work together to progress the review in a timely manner to allow for resumption of tunnelling. Following discussions with Perth Airport and the Public Transport Authority, the contractor chose to cease tunnelling.”
Opposition Leader Mike Nahan accused the Government of attempting to hide the fact the boring machine had stopped.
“It's been offline for weeks and all I can say is that the McGowan Government was elected on the basis of gold-standard transparency,” he said. “The public has every right to know if the borer is working. After all, they had a contest to name the borer.”
Ms Saffioti said the second boring machine, Stacey, would continue tunnelling work.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SAN DIEGO -- Federal, state and local government offices will be closed Wednesday in observance of Independence Day.
In the city of San Diego, closures include administrative offices, libraries, recreation centers and the Tecolote Nature Center.
Municipal pools in San Diego will be open from noon to 4 p.m.
Also open will be the Miramar Landfill, Chollas Lake, San Vicente Reservoir, Mission Trails Regional Park Visitor Center and municipal golf courses.
Trash collection will be delayed one day.
In the county of San Diego, administrative offices, libraries and animal shelters will be closed. Also closed will be community and teen centers in Fallbrook, Lakeside and Spring Valley.
County-run parks and campgrounds will be open.
Metropolitan Transit System buses and trolleys will run on a Sunday schedule for most of the day. However, Green Line trolleys will run every 7 1/2 minutes from Qualcomm Stadium beginning at 3:30 p.m. for the Big Bay Boom fireworks show.
The Blue and Orange lines will operate every 15 minutes.
Enhanced service will continue after the show.
North County Transit District buses will run on a Sunday schedule, and the Coaster train and Sprinter light-rail will operate on a Saturday schedule.
According to the NCTD, the 11:30 p.m. eastbound Sprinter will be delayed one hour in Oceanside in order to pick up passengers connecting from the last northbound Coaster from San Diego.
Their first draw may set the tone.
Team Homan's first game in this week's Scotties Tournament of Hearts is against Team Canada — Chelsea Carey — the defending champion. But Team Ontario has never stopped working hard on its game no matter who the opponent.
They put a lot of work into making things look easy. Lead Lisa Weagle explained their methodology: “All our practices are planned ahead of time. We never go out just to throw rocks. It's always a planned practice.”
With the team split between Ottawa and Alberta Weagle and third Emma Miskew practice together daily if they can. “We kind of have it all planned out that everyone knows what they need to do to get ready and we also need to trust each other that everyone is doing what they need to do to et ready to play,” Weagle said.
Weagle thinks that practice is important because of current playing conditions: “There's no substitute for good practice. I think that especially with the way curling is right now, we had that fabric last year where the sweeping was making a big impact on the throws and now it's gone back to the thrower having the most impact on the outcome that there's no substitute for technical excellence and for having good feel and just feeling confidence when your playing that you've had all this practice behind you.”
But are there some days they just don't want to practice? “There are certainly times where…well now I don't know.” Weagle paused then continued. “I mean this is my job. I have taken a leave from work. Everyday I get up and I know that I go to practice. I really love it. I love curling. I love that I can be a full time athlete now. And so I never find it that challenging to get ready for practice. I really like it.”
The tick shot expert explained how they practice: “For example my practice will look very different from Joanne's (second Joanne Courtney) just because of the nature of our shots. I don't need to practise peels and she doesn't need to practise ticks but those are both something we each individually have to practice for our positions.”
Weagle also feels it's important not to practice seven days a week. “We do build in some days off to our practice. I think rest and recovery are also just as important as practice.”
Her rationale seems sound. “I think its kind of up to each individual player and team what they feel they need to do. At least for me as a player I feel like I can be sharper when I am really focused on what I am doing on the days I do practice and take my recovery seriously when I'm not.”
Starting this Saturday twelve teams will fight for the national championship. Four teams will begin play Thursday in the relegation round — New Brunswick and the three Territories. This is the final relegation year. Next year everyone is in the pool — well, two pools of eight teams each.
With two championship titles behind them Homan's rink, not defending champion Carey, just might be the ones with the target on their backs. They should be very much in the hunt the final weekend. TSN covers all the draws beginning this Saturday at 2:30. Practice makes perfect.
END NOTES
The VoIP Defender World Juniors begins today in South Korea. Alberta's Kristen Streifel and B.C.'s Tyler Tardi represent Canada. The Ontario Senior provincials begin Wednesday. Ottawa area teams are Bill Duck, Howard Rajala, Bryan Cochrane and Brian Lewis.
Heather works at Hackett Hot Wings by day. On weekends, her and her friends from the LGBTQ+ community hit up Equality Rocks to have a good time, and more importantly for a time to be themselves. "I would go there to the drag show with my friends. It was just a fun place to go to people in the gay community, my community we would be able to get together and have a good time. We felt like we had a safe place in Joplin to do that" says Heather. "The biggest thing is...
More >>
× Kid's school shooting question chokes up Sarah Sanders at briefing
WASHINGTON — A young reporter took to the White House briefing room Wednesday to share his worries that he and his classmates “could get shot at school” and asked White House press secretary Sarah Sanders how the White House plans to prevent more shootings from happening.
“At my school, we recently had a lockdown drill. One thing that affects my and other students' mental health is the worry about we or our friends could get shot at school. Specifically, could you tell me what the administration has done or will do to prevent these senseless tragedies?” asked Benje Choucroun, a 13-year-old from California reporting for Time for Kids.
Choucroun's question struck a chord with Sanders, a mother of three young children, who choked up as she answered the young reporter, promising him the administration will do “every single thing in our power” to protect children.
“As a kid, and certainly as a parent, there is nothing that could be more terrifying for a kid to go to school and not feel safe, so I'm sorry that you feel that way,” Sanders said, her voice cracking.
“This administration takes it seriously and the school safety commission that the President convened is meeting again this week — an official meeting to discuss the best ways forward and how we can do every single thing within our power to protect kids in our schools and to make them feel safe and their parents feel good about dropping them off,” she added.
The question came less than two weeks after the most recent mass school shooting claimed 10 lives in Santa Fe, Texas.
Trump will meet with the families of some of those victims during a visit to Houston on Thursday “to personally offer his condolences and support,” Sanders said.
Trump has offered few thoughts on how to prevent future mass shootings in the wake of the Texas school shooting.
The President first engaged in a wide-ranging debate on how to stem the tide of mass shootings in the wake of the Parkland, Florida, shooting — even lending his support to proposals opposed by the National Rifle Association, like raising the minimum age of purchase for certain guns and expanding background checks.
But those proposals quickly vanished from the President's public remarks on the issue, with Trump instead backing modest proposals to improve federal reporting to the background check system and school safety funding.
specific date has been circled with red marker on calendar (Photo: ConstantinosZ, Getty Images/iStockphoto)
Several key decisions affecting Collier County's economic future are before county commissioners Tuesday, from advancing a local option sales tax referendum to using county-owned property for workforce housing to acquiring land for an amateur sports complex.
Meanwhile, the Marco Island City Council meets Tuesday to address a top issue for island residents — applying to county government for a permit that would allow the city's Fire-rescue Department to start an ambulance service.
Also on a busy Tuesday in local government, Collier County's School Board tackles a key issue in selecting a firm that could conduct a risk assessment.
As 2017 winds down, Tuesday stacks up to be one of the most significant decision-making days of the year in Collier government.
Collier commissioners
Important matters before Collier commissioners when they meet at 9 a.m. Tuesday at the county administrative building, U.S. 41 East at Airport-Pulling Road, include:
» The next step in a positive move by commissioners to turn surplus county-owned land over to developers to build housing more easily affordable for working folks and seniors. Staff have narrowed four top possibilities to two — a Golden Gate-area site considered for such a project before the Great Recession and part of a 59-acre tract southeast of Naples that was for a possible community park.
» A potential project list for using money that a 1 percent local sales tax would raise goes before commissioners. Voters would have to approve the extra tax, suggested by the Greater Naples Chamber of Commerce, at a 2018 referendum. The project list includes an important eastward extension of Vanderbilt Beach Road, as an alternative to Immokalee Road, and replacing nearly a dozen aging bridges, along with key intersection improvements. It includes $150 million for “strategic and sensitive” land acquisition; several environmental groups and our editorial board have suggested the sales tax shouldn't be used as an alternative to property tax-supported Conservation Collier. Other suggested sales tax uses include hurricane resilience, stormwater capital projects, workforce training and covering the shortfall to build the new regional park at Big Corkscrew Island.
» Spending $12 million to acquire from City Gate developers about 61 acres near the Collier Boulevard and Interstate 75 interchange for a future amateur sports complex to bolster tourism. Earlier this year, commissioners raised the tourist bed tax rate to 5 percent to raise money to pay for bonds to build the complex to host tournaments and provide more fields for local teams.
Notable decisions
» Marco council members hold a special meeting at 5:30 p.m. Tuesday in the Community Room on Bald Eagle Drive to review a consultant's report recommending the city provide ambulance service to islanders. The report says “the city is well-prepared to migrate to a fire-based” ambulance service and would hire 12 more paramedics, along with restructuring its staff. The council, which is seeking state legislative approval to provide the service subject to voter approval, also is applying to commissioners for permission.
» Collier's School Board has a 5 p.m. business meeting at Immokalee High School to consider hiring RSM US of Naples for $45,000 to assess possible areas of efficiency for the school district. The board could then use those suggestions to request a specific audit. Board members also are to review more than a dozen policies.
» When Lee's School Board meets at 6 p.m. Tuesday at headquarters on Colonial Boulevard in Fort Myers, it will consider whether to propose term limits for board members and a borrowing plan to pay for Bonita Springs High School.
Read or Share this story: http://www.naplesnews.com/story/opinion/editorials/2017/12/11/editorial-tuesday-one-most-notable-decision-making-days-2017/940385001/
This photo taken on Monday shows a man looking at the damage in the Syrian Kurdish city of Afrin a day after Turkish-led forces entered the city (AFP photo)
ANKARA — Turkish forces will press their offensive against Kurdish YPG fighters along the length of Turkey's border with Syria and if necessary into northern Iraq, President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan said on Monday, threatening wider conflict in Syria's civil war.
A day after Turkish troops swept into Afrin, the main town in a pocket of Kurdish-controlled territory in northwest Syria, Erdoğan said Turkey would also target a region stretching nearly 400 km east to the northern Syrian town of Qamishli.
Expanding Turkey's military campaign into the much larger Kurdish-held territory further east would risk confronting troops of a NATO ally, the United States, that are deployed alongside a YPG-dominated force in northern Syria.
The YPG has been Washington's main ally against Daesh in Syria, in a partnership that has infuriated Turkey, which sees the Kurdish force as an extension of a militant group waging a decades-long insurgency in its own southeast.
It launched an air and ground offensive two months ago against the YPG in Afrin, a campaign it dubbed "Olive Branch".
"By controlling Afrin city centre yesterday, we have passed the most important step of the Olive Branch operation," Erdoğan told a gathering of judges and prosecutors in Ankara.
"After this, we will continue now to Manbij, Ayn Al Arab, Tel Abyad, Ras Al Ain and Qamishli until this corridor is fully removed," he said, referring to a string of towns along Syria's border region with Turkey.
Turkish authorities have described the stretch of northern Syria under Kurdish control as a "terror corridor" on the long southern border. YPG officials have said their focus is on guaranteeing legal and constitutional rights for Syrian Kurds.
Into Iraq?
The United States called for those in the area to remain focused on defeating Daesh, de-escalating conflict and protecting civilian lives, a Pentagon spokesman, Colonel Robert Manning, said.
“We are very concerned about the effect that fighting there has had on efforts to defeat Daesh,” he said, adding that Washington wanted to see an end to hostilities before the group had a chance to regroup in easter Syria.
The US State Department also called for international aid organisations to be given access to deliver humanitarian assistance in the area.
Turkey is also concerned about the presence in northern Iraq of militants of the Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK), which has waged the insurgency in Turkey since the 1980s.
The PKK has been based in Qandil mountain region near Iraq's border with Iran, but Erdoğan said a “second Qandil” was being established in Sinjar, further west.
He said that Turkey had told the Iraqi government to deal with the threat. “If you are unable to handle it, we can suddenly come into Sinjar one night and clean the PKK from there. If we are friends, if we are brothers, then you will provide us with the necessary facilitations.”
Turkey's Prime Minister Binali Yildirim was holding talks with the Iraqi government, Erdoğan added. “However, if this issue is prolonged much longer there will be an Olive Branch there too.”
Earlier on Monday government spokesman Bekir Bozdag said Turkish forces would return Afrin to its “real owners” after driving the YPG out.
“We are not permanent there [in Afrin] and we are certainly not invaders. Our goal is to hand the region back to its real owners after clearing it of terrorists,” Bozdag, who is also a deputy prime minister, told reporters.
A Syrian Kurdish official told Reuters that more than 200,000 people who had fled the Afrin offensive were without shelter, food or water in nearby areas.
“The people with cars are sleeping in the cars, the people without are sleeping under the trees with their children,” said Hevi Mustafa, a senior member of the Afrin civil authority.
The International Committee of the Red Cross called for greater access to the civilian population of Afrin. It said the Turkish Red Crescent aid group lacked credibility among Syrian Kurds after Turkey's military operation.
Turkey's emergency aid agency AFAD sent a convoy into Afrin town centre on Monday and distributed Turkish Red Crescent materials including food, water and hygiene products.
The Afrin campaign was Turkey's second cross-border operation into Syria during its seven-year-old civil war. The first, dubbed Euphrates Shield, targeted Daesh and Kurdish fighters further east than Afrin.
After the completion of Euphrates Shield in early 2017, Turkey set up local systems of governance in the swathe of land captured, protected by Turkish forces.
Bozdag said Turkey now aimed to form similar systems in Afrin region, without elaborating.
It's the holidays, which means it's once again time to rack your brain in search of the right gifts for the right people. If someone on your list is into tech, though, we've got your back.
For this year's edition of the Ars Technica holiday gift guide, we're breaking down our recommendations into themes. The following crop of recommendations is centered on video games—from accessories to JRPGs, here are a few things we'd buy for the friend who can't pull themselves away from their console or gaming rig.
Table of Contents
Console gaming gift ideas
Nintendo Switch
You probably don't need to be told why the Nintendo Switch would be a good gift. The console has revitalized Nintendo this year with its charming hardware and strong lineup of first-party games. Its half-portable, half-living concept makes for a more complex device than Sony's PlayStation 4 and Microsoft's Xbox One, but all the movable pieces work as they should (kickstand aside) and the whole thing is just powerful enough to get by without frustrating.
There's reason to be concerned over how heavily Nintendo relies on its own franchises in the long term, and this hardware shines much brighter on the road than when it's docked to a TV. But for those who already have an Xbox, PS4, or gaming PC hooked up at home, the Switch is an excellent secondary machine. It's the closest anyone's come to making a console gaming device that's enjoyable in any and every setting.
Nintendo Switch Price: $299 at Amazon Ars Technica may earn a commission on this sale. Buy
The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild
The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild manages to feel both exactly and nothing like a Zelda game, all at once. It captures the sense of adventure that has always been at the heart of the iconic franchise but plants it in an open-world setting that is far more effective at evoking a consistent air of wonder in 2017. The gist of the game couldn't be simpler: here is a world; now go and discover it. But Breath of the Wild refuses to hand-hold. In the process, peeling back its layers of secrets and teachings feels as epic as the series' familiar “hero saves kingdom” narrative suggests it should be. You can read our full review for more.
The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild (Nintendo Switch) Price: $56.99 at Amazon Ars Technica may earn a commission on this sale. Buy
Super Mario Odyssey
Super Mario Odyssey is joyous, delightful, and super cute. It's still a Mario game at heart, and it's very good at being so: jumping, butt-stomping, and flipping around feels as tight as ever. The world Mario has inhabited in Odyssey is more freeform and varied than usual, though. It's also incredibly dense with things to collect and do. But Odyssey's constant inventiveness—along with its vibrant art direction and excellent score—keep its life-consuming collectible hunt from ever feeling like a chore. You can read our full review for more.
Super Mario Odyssey (Nintendo Switch) Price: $58.95 at Amazon Ars Technica may earn a commission on this sale. Buy
Horizon Zero Dawn
Horizon Zero Dawn is an ambitious game from both a technical and a narrative standpoint. Not everything about it works (it can sometimes feel like an amalgamation of other open-world games instead of its own thing). But it's gorgeous, its story is more relevant than it first lets on, and its robot-dinosaur combat uses what our Sam Machkovech called “the most intense and exciting battle system I've seen in a game in years.” You can read the rest of his review for more.
Horizon Zero Dawn (PlayStation 4) Price: $39.99 at Amazon Ars Technica may earn a commission on this sale. Buy
Resident Evil 7: Biohazard
You play Resident Evil games for the scaries, and Resident Evil 7: Biohazard has them in abundance. It's the kind of horror game that doesn't just rely on contrived jump scares: the grimy art direction, first-person perspective, intimate gunfights, constant dearth of supplies, and relatively limited movement are all there to make you feel weak in the face of death. It can drag at points, but, all told, RE7 is oppressive in the right way. Godspeed to your gift recipient if they decide to give it a go in VR. You can read our full review for more.
Resident Evil 7: Biohazard (Xbox One) Price: $19.93 at Walmart Ars Technica may earn a commission on this sale. Buy
Persona 5
Persona 5 has everything a classic JRPG should: a massive, fantastical story that still puts in the work to develop nuanced characters, a straightforward yet enjoyable combat system, a truly wonderful score, and gobs and gobs of style. It's weird, huge, occasionally messy, and definitely not for everyone. But if your friend or family member is part of its target audience, you'll know, and, in a market that could always use more compelling JRPGs, Persona 5 is refreshing. You can read our full review for more.
Show #21: Where: St. Joseph High School Director: Sarah Jennings Sophia Swettenham, Lead Critic Elmwood School A great aspect of theatre is its ability to showcase totally unique perspectives – perspectives that are sometimes overlooked, or that are so extraordinary that through any other medium they would be misunderstood.
An editorial in China's state-run Global Times has announced that Beijing “will and should” respond to US President Donald Trump's signing of the Taiwan Travel Act on Friday with “military pressure.”
"China will and should take timely countermeasures against the US and all ‘Taiwan independence' secessionist forces through diplomatic and military means if US legislation that encourages high-level contact between the US and the island of Taiwan is implemented," the Global Times reported Sunday.
Xu Guangyu, a retired People's Liberation Army general, told the Global Times that "the passing of the act is a serious political provocation, as it has crossed the ‘red line' and will thoroughly undermine relations" between the People's Republic of China (PRC) and the US. Liu Weidong, a researcher with the Institute of American Studies of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, noted for the same article that China would have no choice but to respond to increasing closeness between Washington and Taipei with counter moves that will strongly affect the US.
The editorial warns ominously that "China's Anti-Secession Law provides a series of conditions wherein the Taiwan question is solved through non-peaceful means."
The bill is a "seemingly innocuous" measure that allows "senior officials to travel to Taiwan and vice versa," Thomas Shattuck said in an analysis on Sunday. Shattuck is a research associate at the Foreign Policy Research Institute, a think tank headquartered in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
Beijing firmly opposes any country elevating relations with Taiwan and this stance is especially true for US-Taiwan relations, since Beijing claims this violates the "One China" principle, Shattuck noted.
The government of the People's Republic of China in Beijing has, since the end of the Chinese Civil War in 1949, maintained that Taiwan is not a separate country from the PRC but rather a rebellious province, the last stronghold of the Republic of China that governed all of China from 1912 until the communist victory in 1949. While the government of Taiwan has not officially declared independence from the PRC, its de facto political autonomy is something Beijing has long struggled to force other governments not to endorse.
On Sunday, Chinese Defense Ministry spokesperson Wu Qian told reporters that "the Chinese Armed Forces are resolutely against the Taiwan Travel Act signed on March 16. This is a clear violation of the 'One China' principle and the provisions of the three US-Chinese joint communiques. This is a direct interference into China's domestic affairs harming the relations between the military forces of two countries."
OAK PARK, Mich. – A line of truckers along with the Michigan State Police helped a man who was considering suicide on a highway overpass.
Police received a call about a man on a bridge over I-696 early Tuesday morning around 1 a.m., according to WJBK,
This photo does show the work troopers and local officers do to serve the public. But also in that photo is a man struggling with the decision to take his own life. Please remember help is available through the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-8255. pic.twitter.com/RBAlCIXT1o — MSP Metro Detroit (@mspmetrodet) April 24, 2018
Michigan State Police troopers blocked all lanes of traffic, then waved through several semi-truck drivers and asked them to park under the overpass on both the westbound and eastbound sides of the interstate.
In total, 13 semi trucks parked under the overpass to shorten the distance the man would fall if he jumped, WJBK reports.
Negotiators spoke with the man for several hours, and thankfully he did not jump off the bridge. He walked off the overpass, and Huntington Woods officers took him to Beaumont Hospital in Royal Oak.
You can also call a loved one, member of the clergy or 911. There are so many people that can help you make the choice to get help and live! It is our hope to never see another photo like this again. pic.twitter.com/cDfm1CK1BZ — MSP Metro Detroit (@mspmetrodet) April 24, 2018
Important note: If you or a loved one is feeling distressed, please remember help is available through the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-8255. It provides free and confidential emotional support 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. You can also call a loved one, member of the clergy or 911.
NEW YORK — Holly Warlick and the Tennessee Lady Vols have been searching for a signature non-conference win against a top five teams for the past few years.
They got one Sunday in front of some of the best players in school history. The 11th-ranked Lady Vols (10-0) remained unbeaten after a 82-75 victory over No. 2 Texas. The win came in front of a crowd that included members of the Lady Vols' 1987, 1997 and 2007 national championship teams, who were honoured at a halftime ceremony.
"We talk to our kids a lot about tradition and 'Lady Vols For Life,'" Warlick said. "We take that really, really seriously. A lot of programs are the same, but I think what separates Tennessee is our alumni and the love they have for this program. The former Lady Vols take a lot of things personal. They're competitive. But they've been nothing but positive with this group. I was excited they could be here to watch a big win for us."
While Tennessee is trying to re-establish itself among women's college basketball's elite teams, the current standard-bearer UConn just keeps rolling along. The No. 1 Huskies routed DePaul in their only game this week, cracking the 100-point barrier for the first time this season.
The victory was the 999th of coach Geno Auriemma's career, leaving him one short of becoming the third women's basketball coach to reach the 1,000-win mark. He could get that on Dec. 19 against Oklahoma. That same night North Carolina coach Sylvia Hatchell could get her 1,000th victory against Grambling State.
Other happenings around college basketball:
STRONG STARTS: Villanova is off to its best start since the 1979-80 season, winning its first nine games. The Wildcats held off Temple down the stretch on Sunday, winning 69-65 to equal the squad's mark from 38 years ago.
100 AND COUNTING: Rutgers crossed the 100-point mark for the first time since the 2014 season and third time under Hall of Fame coach C. Vivian Stringer on Sunday in a 101-35 win over Fairleigh Dickinson. It was the Scarlet Knights' fifth straight win and largest margin of victory since a 75-point victory over Duquesne on Jan. 9, 1988.
POLL WATCH: It was a rough week for No. 20 Kentucky, which lost to both Florida Gulf Coast and Miami. The Wildcats are in danger of falling out of the poll this week.
BONUS BASKETBALL: For the second time in three games Drake lost a game in overtime. The Bulldogs fell to Creighton on Dec. 3 in four overtimes. Drake then lost on Saturday to Nebraska, 89-84, in two OTs. Sandwiched between those games was a 77-point win over Iowa Wesleyan.
Give Jaci Tweeten a soapbox for just a few minutes, and she can tell you — eloquently yet simply — why 4-H matters.
“You know, when people ask me that,” the Chickasaw County ISU Extension youth coordinator said, “I guess my best answer is this: The things you do in 4-H will benefit you forever.”
The more detailed answer is that the communication skills, the leadership opportunities and the creativity that all 4-H members and leaders build on are all critical components in the real world.
So during National 4-H Week, which kicked off on Sunday, Tweeten will sound like a college sports coach at times because she's, in a sense, recruiting.
“We're using the week as a way to sell the benefits of 4-H to kids and their families,” she said. “I want to grow our program in this county. Trust me, what you do in 4-H is really building for your future.”
Not that the 4-H program in Chickasaw County is lagging; instead, it has more than 160 members who belong to 10 4-H clubs.
From the Jolly Blue Bells to the Devon Dreamers to the Bradford Eager Beavers, just to name a few, 4-H has a strong tradition in Chickasaw County.
For more of this article, see Tuesday's New Hampton Tribune or Thursday's Nashua Reporter.
A quarter of Texas public school districts offered no sex education at all during the 2015-2016 school year, according to a new study released Tuesday by the Texas Freedom Network. Nearly 60 percent of districts used abstinence-only education programs over the same period.
“Our state has become the poster child for abstinence-only-until-marriage sex education,” said Kathy Miller, president of Texas Freedom Network at a Capitol press conference. “[At the Legislature], it sometimes seems that sex education is a four-letter word to only be muttered in adult company."
While 58.3 percent of school districts in Texas taught abstinence-only programs, that's down from 94 percent in 2008, according to the study. Meanwhile, the number of school districts that adopted an approach known in education circles as "abstinence-plus," which still encourages abstinence but also discusses accurate information on other pregnancy prevention methods and sexually transmitted diseases, rose from 3.6 percent to 16.6 percent of all districts.
Texas ranked fifth highest in the nation in teen birth rates in 2015, with 41 births per 1,000 women aged 15 to 19, according to data from the Centers of Disease Control and Prevention. The rate has steadily declined since 2011, when the state saw 63 births per 1,000 15- to 19-year-old women.
Dr. David Wiley, a health education professor at Texas State University who conducted research for the study, said abstinence-only programs provide misinformation to students, teach gender stereotypes and exclude LGBT groups from the curricula.
Wiley said part of the state's high teen pregnancy rate was attributable to outdated textbooks on the subject and changes to the state's graduation requirements. In 2009, state officials stopped requiring completion of a health education class for a student to graduate, leaving the issue up to school districts to offer the class as an elective or make it a local requirement.
"Far too many school districts have let this go," Wiley said, calling on the Legislature to update the state's 13-year-old textbooks and restore health education as a statewide requirement for all Texas public school districts.
While the state's policies toward sexual education has long been a lightning rod, many conservatives disagree with efforts to impose statewide mandates.
"I think our public schools should focus on reading, writing, math and history as the core competency," said Alice Lanahan, a Texas mom and education activist. "The social, emotional issues are not the role of the public schools. Does a kid get a good job when they graduate high school or college because they can read and write, or is it because of their belief in marriage between two people, regardless of the side they're on? That's where we're missing the boat as adults."
Lanahan said she personally backed the abstinence-only approach by public schools because it was the only "100 percent foolproof" and "healthiest way" to prevent unexpected pregnancies.
State Rep. Mary González, D-Clint, who also spoke at Tuesday's news conference, called it hypocritical for Republican lawmakers to push for restricting access to abortion while failing to provide the necessary information to educate Texas students about sexual health and pregnancy prevention in the first place.
“What does the next generation of Texas look like without accurate information?" González asked, adding she thought there was an opportunity to have a bipartisan conversation on the topic. Last week, she filed a bill that would require public school districts to have an age-appropriate sex education classes at grade levels determined by the State Board of Education.
“Young people deserve to have accurate information,” González said. “They deserve to have the best access to success.”
From The Texas Tribune
Disclosure: Texas State University System has been a financial supporter of The Texas Tribune. A complete list of Tribune donors and sponsors is available here.
It is important to note that the delegation of Zimbabwe started complaining as soon as they arrived on the 2 July 2018 at 12.00 at the Tunis Carthage airport.
Indeed, the head of the delegation refused to pay the entry visa fees on Tunisian territories (60 dinars (€19.50) per person) explaining that he did not have the amount requested knowing that the Tunisian union had previously informed Rugby Africa by mail on the 8th of June 2018, informing them on all these procedures that go beyond the prerogatives of the union.
Nevertheless, the head of the delegation persisted in not paying these fees, which caused a long delay for the members of the delegation and a four-hours delay. We had to contact CEO of Rugby Africa who spoke on the phone with the head of the delegation of Zimbabwe who subsequently agreed to pay the invoice of the visa fees. It is important to note that these visa procedures are common between African countries.
After a lunch offered by the Tunisian Union to its guests, an air-conditioned bus transfer was ensured for the members of the Zimbabwe delegation to the city of Béjà. They arrived at the hotel around 20:00, checked in at reception and all the members of the delegation of Zimbabwe were entitled to a dinner, until then no problem was reported.
Around 23:00, the head of the Zimbabwean delegation expressed reservations about the state of the bathroom in one of the rooms, the lack of a swimming pool and the low internet speed. So, he started talking about leaving the hotel on the pretext that it is not decent enough for his team.
The quick intervention of the president and three members of the organizational committee was not enough to calm him down and convince him to spend the rest of the night at the hotel, ensuring that they would find solutions in the next morning with the possibility to change the hotel. Instead, he asked all the members of the delegation to take out their luggage, leave the hotel and spend the night outside on the ground.
Unfortunately, local officials have tried to talk and negotiate with the head of delegation but remained unsuccessful.”
Three people are in jail following a massive drug bust in Kansas City, Kansas.
U.S. Attorney Tom Beall says a search warrant served at a house in the 3000 block of North 34th Street turned up 20 pounds of methamphetamine, more than a pound of heroin and around $23,000 in cash.
Beall says three people were arrested in connection with the bust. They have been identified as 53-year-old Shelia M. Best, Basehor, 40-year-old Karen Ortega, Kansas City, Kan., and 38-year-old Marlon Gutierrez, Kansas City, Kan.
All three suspects were charged Thursday in federal court with one count of conspiracy to distribute methamphetamine.
If convicted, they face up to 10 years in federal prison and up to $10 million in fines.
Posted by admin on April 18, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
A research collaboration led by the University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee has for the first time created a three-dimensional movie showing a virus preparing to infect a healthy cell.
The research has the potential to fundamentally advance our understanding of how biological processes inside the cell work. That could lead to better treatment for the horde of human diseases caused by viruses.
The feat was made possible by UWM physicists, who developed a new generation of powerful algorithms to reconstruct sequential images from an ocean of unsorted, noisy data.
Using the brightest and quickest imaging equipment available - an X-ray Free Electron Laser (XFEL) at the SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory in California - an international team of researchers collected millions of individual "snapshots" of a virus in unknown orientations and states.
"In the past, scientists have tried to infer what's happening in a molecular-scale biological process by looking at a still photo at the start and a still photo at the end of a process," said Abbas Ourmazd, UWM distinguished professor. "But you then don't know what happens in between. With this method, we are in a position to watch biological machines perform their functions."
By combining concepts from machine learning, differential geometry, graph theory and diffraction physics, the researchers created an algorithm able to reconstruct sequential images.
The work, done in collaboration with Professor Brenda Hogue, a virologist at Arizona State University, and Andrew Aquila and his colleagues at the Linac Coherent Light Source at SLAC, is published today in the journal Nature Methods.
In order to replicate, a virus invades a heathy cell, releases its DNA and effectively hijacks the cell's machinery to fabricate copies of itself. The multitude of viral progeny is then expelled to infect other cells.
The researchers' results show the virus re-arranging its genomic content and forming a tubular structure to empty its DNA into a cell.
"This work provides a new approach to understanding the changes that viruses undergo during infection," said Hogue.
In addition to showing how these events unfold, the UWM researchers discovered that the reorganization of the virus's genome and the formation of a tubular structure are not independent events, but part of a concerted simultaneous process.
Most viruses are too small to be photographed by light. The XFEL's intense X-ray flashes produce "snapshots" of particles at the nanoscale through diffraction. The X-rays hit the particle and scatter in a pattern that provides the data for mathematical reconstruction.
More than five years ago, UWM senior researcher Ahmad Hosseinizadeh, the first author on the paper, began working on the algorithm needed to turn noisy XFEL snapshots into still 3D images. From there, progress was made by collaborative work with scientists from different backgrounds, said Peter Schwander, a UWM associate professor. "People didn't think it could be done," said Schwander.
"We've been developing algorithms to reconstruct images in the correct order since 2009, so the UWM team was well-positioned to perform such an analysis," he said. "But it was difficult. We were able to make it work by watching how the experiments are done and adapting the data science to the data."
###
This work was done as part of UWM and ASU involvement in the BioXFEL Science and Technology Center, which is funded by the National Science Foundation. Its mission is to use the XFEL to watch biomolecular machines at work, understand how they support life, and provide training and new tools to the scientific community.
Other co-authors on the paper include researchers Jeremy Copperman, Ghoncheh Mashayekhi, Russell Fung, Ali Dashti, Reyhaneh Sepehr and Professor Marius Schmidt of UWM; CH Yoon at SLAC; and Garth Williams at Brookhaven National Laboratory.
The Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors just voted to go forward with a pilot program to house homeless people in tiny houses in the backyards of single-family homes. And if you pay taxes in L.A. County, you're going to pay for it.
The program will pay $75,000 to homeowners who agree to have a tiny house constructed on their property, or $50,000 to upgrade an illegal dwelling unit, like a converted garage. The selected homeless person or family will pay rent, covered by low-income vouchers. Tenants would contribute 30 percent of their incomes. Taxpayers, presumably, would make up the difference.
If you ever drove by a homeless encampment and said to yourself, “The government ought to do something,” you probably never thought that what it would do is move the residents of the encampment into a backyard next door to your own house, at your expense.
But that might very well happen.
L.A. County is testing this concept in a pilot program that will cost $550,000.
Here's how it will work for homeowners: The county will provide a maximum subsidy of $75,000 to build two or three new “accessory dwelling units” or ADUs, sometimes called granny flats. The subsidy will be provided in the form of a loan that will be gradually forgiven, with the principal reduced for every year that the unit is used as homeless housing. After 10 years, the loan will be completely forgiven and the homeowners can evict the homeless tenants and do whatever they wish with the units.
What could possibly go wrong?
Well, for starters, the many families currently living in bootleg housing could find themselves evicted so the owners can take advantage of $50,000 in government loans to legalize the units so they can house somebody else.
That means that this program, if it's ever scaled up, could vastly increase the homeless population almost overnight.
Something else that could go terribly wrong is the “magnet effect.” That's when people in other counties and states see the backyard tiny-house option as a great opportunity and move to L.A. County to take advantage of it. That could increase the homeless population even more. Then there's the obvious problem.
Here's how Supervisor Sheila Kuehl described the homeless population: “Many, many of them are just regular people like you and me who just lost their job or lost their house and really don't have other choices.”
That may be, but many, many of them are not regular people. Many, many of them are people with issues that will make them terrible tenants and horrible neighbors.
Suppose the people who are chosen by the county to live in the homeless housing choose to abuse drugs, damage property or become a nuisance to the neighbors or the neighborhood. What's the plan?
Related Articles We need a new Church Committee on FBI and DOJ surveillance
Monsters, animals and barbarians at the White House gate
New EPA West boss is a science denier
Netflix, the Obamas and a million interest groups
Futuristic Gavin Newsom pushes for big changes That was probably one of the questions that stalled a plan for backyard homeless housing in Multnomah County, Oregon, where Portland is located. The pilot project was set to build four tiny homes last year, but was delayed by a cluster of concerns over locations, legalities and tax consequences.
It turned out that Portland's strict rules about how close a house can be to a tree meant that there were fewer available locations than expected.
Then there was difficulty working out legal agreements between the homeowner and the homeless tenants, between the tenants and the property manager and between the property manager and the county.
There was also the question of how to compensate homeowners for the trouble. The county initially planned to make pre-fab tiny houses available for free, but that would have triggered unpleasant tax consequences. So they worked out a plan to sell the houses to the homeowners and offer financing similar to what's being proposed here. And Oregon property owners can have their $75,000 loan forgiven in just five years, not 10.
The city of Los Angeles is spending a $100,000 grant from Bloomberg Philanthropies to study the feasibility of backyard homeless housing within the city's boundaries. Maybe this will solve the problem of homelessnes in a way that will inspire the world. Or maybe it will be the start of a wave of gated communities with HOA agreements that don't even allow adding a birdhouse without a two-thirds vote of the board.
Susan Shelley is a columnist and editorial writer for the Southern California News Group. Susan@SusanShelley.com. Twitter: @Susan_Shelley
The emerald ash borer, originally from Asia, has killed millions of trees in North America and has newly been found in Canada's eastern province of New Brunswick. The bright green beetle invaded the province of Ontario in 2002, spread to neighbouring Quebec and last year, was detected in Manitoba.
Huge swath of forest at risk
“It burrows into the trees and cuts off the flow of nutrients. And after a few years of being infested with emerald ash borer, trees will die,” explains Dan Kraus, senior biologist with the Nature Conservancy of Canada.
Ash trees are common in forests stretching all the way from the eastern Maritime provinces to the central province of Manitoba, a distance of some 5,000 km. Several species of ash have been listed as critically endangered by the International Union for Conservation of Nature.
Ash trees are an important part of the forest ecosystem, they are the first trees to regenerate in a forest and the white ash is used to make furniture, baseball bats and hockey sticks.
Don't transport firewood, warn conservationists
Canadians are asked to not transport firewood, as this is a common way for the beetle to spread. It cannot fly very far and often will hitch a ride on firewood that Canadians may buy and transport for use at cottages or campsites. It may also travel on branches, nursery stock or wood chips.
Once the emerald ash borer is well established in a tree there is nothing that can be done to save it. In cities, if an invasion is detected early, there is some chance to control its spread. Citizens should look for signs like the crown of the tree declining, leaves losing their green colour, and D-shaped holes that are made when the beetles emerge from the larval stage.
If they see these, people are asked to get in touch with their local municipality of the Canadian Food Inspection Agency.
Parasitic wasps offer some hope
In the U.S., scientists have introduced parasitic wasps that feed on the emerald ash borer larva and are studying this as a possible way to keep the beetles at bay. There are some natural predators in Canada such as woodpeckers, other birds and some insects, but not enough to keep the emerald ash borer in check.
LAS VEGAS – Blink-182 is the latest musical group to announce plans for a Las Vegas residency.
The pop-punk band from Poway tweeted Monday they will be staying in Vegas for a 16-night residency at the Palms Casino and Resort.
Dates for “Kings of the Weekend” include the following:
May 26-27
June 8-9, 15-16, 23-24
October 26-27
November 2-3, 9-10, 16-17
Tickets for the show start at $59 and go on sale Friday at 10 a.m. PST.
“What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas,” the trio said. “So, we're staying in Vegas for 16 nights of shows at the @PearlatPalms.”
The identity of the suspect is unknown. However one piece of information the police do know is that the robber is pretty tall and has the nerve to display a firearm for emphasis.
Sioux Falls Police Public Information Officer Sam Clemens described a burglary at the Tuesday media briefing. It happened around 10:30 PM in the 2900 block of S. Western Avenue.
“A man heard a knock at his door and saw somebody outside. When he opened up the door, there was a guy with a handgun. He pointed the gun at the victim, then went inside the victim's house. The suspect went through a closet and took some cash.”
No injuries were reported from the incident and the victim that he didn't know the suspect. Meanwhile, the suspect is described as a white man 6 foot 5 inches tall and about 185 pounds. The suspect was wearing a black sweatshirt and gray pants, but did not wear a mask to disguise his face.
See Also:
Zaakirah Ebrahim teaches Grade 1 learners on their first day of school at Nellmapius Primary School Number Two. File picture: Oupa Mokoena/ANA
Johannesburg - A recently released report has shown how children from advantaged schools continued to perform better than learners from less advantaged ones, due to parental income.
The report indicated that the children of parents who paid more for school fees enjoyed the privilege of learning in smaller classes, due to extra teachers being employed by the school governing body (SGB), who are paid with school funds.
They thus received a higher quality of education than their peers in poorer schools, who were taught in overcrowded classrooms.
“At the moment we have 14 posts that the SGB is paying for. That makes the teacher-learner ratio 1:25 in some of the subjects and less in other subjects. This makes it possible for this school to get better results at the end of the year.”
This was the comment of a teacher from a public school that was published in the Basic Education Department's National Education Evaluation and Development Unit (Needu) report.
Other comments in the report, titled “Schools that Work II", also revealed inequalities between rich and poor schools regarding the quality of education.
Another teacher was quoted as saying: “We have a lot of governing body-paid teachers, and if our governing body did not appoint those teachers, our results were not going to be good.”
The two teachers, unnamed in the 223-page report, were employed at quintile 5 schools - the most well resourced and advantaged public schools.
Public schools in the country are arranged into quintiles. Schools classified as quintiles 1, 2 and 3 comprise 60% of the schools in the country, largely in rural areas and townships.
Most of them are no-fee schools and receive R1316 from the state for each pupil annually. This will increase to R1390 next year and R1468 in 2020.
Quintiles 4 and 5, comprising 40% of the country's schools, are mainly located in affluent communities. They receive fees from parents and minimal state funding. Quintile 4 institutions receive R660 per learner each year, while quintile 5 schools get R228.
This quintile section also runs fundraising campaigns.
“Quintile 5 schools are able to raise the most revenue to afford to hire additional teachers,” according to the Needu report.
Their rural and township counterparts have little chance of raising funds and “are not authorised to use its school allocation to hire additional teachers”, the study pointed out.
The study noted: “Schools in the lower quintiles (1 to 3) have a much higher teacher-learner ratio than quintile 5 and some quintile 4 schools.
“For example, in sample schools, in 2016 in quintile 5 schools, the average teacher to learner ratio in Grade 12 was 1:40 in physical science, compared to 1:69 in quintile 1 schools.”
So what hope can there be for disadvantaged schools? What can be done to ensure they have more teachers, in order to cut down class sizes and the teacher: learner ratio?
The National Association of School Governing Bodies (NASGB), whose members are predominantly rural and township SGBs, believes that one solution is to reintroduce and deepen the culture of fundraising in disadvantaged schools.
“The solution lies in SGBs becoming innovative in raising funds. The law allows us to raise funds,” NASGB general secretary Matakanye Matakanye told The Star.
“In the past we used to have concerts in our schools. They used to be attended and supported largely by parents. I think it's a matter of us reigniting that innovative way of doing things,” he said.
Matakanye added that local businesses, individuals and organisations with particular skills could help schools: “Being innovative would also mean bringing everyone on board. If we raise a lot of funds we'll be able to augment teachers in our schools. It's through augmenting our teachers that we would have quality learning and teaching.”
The South African Democratic Teachers' Union (Sadtu) called for a radical policy change in the allocation of teachers to schools.
Sadtu general secretary Mugwena Maluleke told The Star the department needed to change its current model of funding teacher posts.
“We need to review how the government is budgeting for education. We need to turn around the so-called equitable formula.
“In quintile 5 schools, parents are paying heavily for schools to be able to afford additional teachers and lower the class size.
“(But) the government gives them the same number of teachers as quintile 1 schools.
"We're saying that if you continue with this equitable formula, we will never come to the same level of provisioning of teachers across schools,” said Maluleke.
The Department of Basic Education said it had a solution to the supply of teachers at public schools.
Spokesperson Elijah Mhlanga said the department had begun to send Funza Lushaka graduates as additional teachers to schools.
Funza Lushaka is a full-cost, multi-year bursary scheme, introduced in 2007, to improve the pool of teachers willing to work at rural schools.
@BonganiNkosi87
The Star
admin Site Admin
Join Date: Mar 2007 Location: New Orleans Posts: 10,108 Blog Entries: 2
New Orleans Pelicans unveil 2017-2018 schedule
The NBA's 2017-2018 regular season schedule is out, and the New Orleans Pelicans (
The Pelicans then head home to face 2017 championship winners the Golden State Warriors on Friday, Oct. 20, to be broadcast at 9:30 p.m. CST on ESPN.? The NBA's 2017-2018 regular season schedule is out, and the New Orleans Pelicans ( and their*new uniforms )*will start in Memphis against the Grizzlies on Wednesday, Oct. 18.The Pelicans then head home to face 2017 championship winners the Golden State Warriors on Friday, Oct. 20, to be broadcast at 9:30 p.m. CST on ESPN.?
Making VM performance management practical
In today's highly-virtualised, hyper-converged technology world, new data centre tools and technologies can become quite abstract and conceptual.
“The data centre realm is certainly becoming more complex,” says Anton Jacobsz, MD of Networks Unlimited. “Data volumes are increasing exponentially, as companies look to derive greater insights from all the information they're storing.”
“Knowing how to plan the expansion and modernisation of your data centre is a tough challenge.”
But he says that a recent ground-breaking paper from one of Networks Unlimited's vendors, Tintri, breathes fresh air into the conversations, and helps technology pros make decisions based on a firm understanding of how advanced data centres can operate.
Called ‘A Deep Dive into Tintri VM Scale-out', the paper highlights four tangible instances where a suite of sophisticated VM management tools can be orchestrated to achieve great results.
Scenario 1 – Solving the initial VM placement challenge
“For data centre administrators, particularly in large enterprises or those that are rapidly digitising, it seems like adding new VMs is a very regular occurrence,” notes Jacobsz. “Traditionally, each time the team adds a new machine, they have to ‘guess' the storage capacity and performance needs – and choose a storage solution that they hope will work best.”
Tintri's VM Scale-out tools allow the team to simply drop a new VM onto any VMstore in a storage pool that is managed by VM Scale-out. Every 10 minutes, Tintri analyses VM-level footprint and performance statistics, to work out the optimal location for the new VM.
With literally just a couple of clicks, administrators can accept the suggestion and move the VM to a permanent location that's best suited to its needs – automatically carrying all the data protection policies, snapshots and historical performance data along with it.
Scenario 2 – Deploying new virtual desktop infrastructure
“A large-scale, new virtual desktop infrastructure (VDI) deployment is a notoriously difficult project to scope and to ensure there is sufficient resource provisioning,” explains Jacobsz.
The Tintri Analytics histogram feature helps administrators to analyse previous storage and compute resource needs, to extrapolate the likely needs for an entire VDI deployment. Tintri Analytics Experiments can then further refine the results of this initial analysis. This tool conducts multiple ‘what if' scenarios – in a purely hypothetical simulation – to reliably determine if the original estimates will be sufficient.
When it comes to the actual deployment, Tintri's VM-level cloning tools help to simplify and accelerate the implementation. Tintri cloning and fast file copy technology rapidly deploys data from individual desktops to the virtualised storage array.
Full hypervisor integration means that many routine tasks – like copying VM templates, virtual disks, or even the cloning of entire VMs – are now automated. The results are VM deployments that takes just seconds to complete.
Scenario 3 – Creating a new full-stack developer environment
“Building out new development environments is absolutely essential for today's rapidly-transforming enterprise,” says Jacobsz. “Businesses of all shapes and sizes are growing teams of developers to create and manage a range of applications – from consumer interfaces, to internal applications that enhance the way the organisation operates.
“Tintri Analytics again comes into play in scenarios like this – where a group of VMs may include production database servers, database clients and web servers, alongside a multitude of other supporting VMs.”
Traditionally, this kind of deployment has proved to be extremely challenging, as each of these VMs has different capacity requirements, operating systems, and performance requirements.
But Tintri's Analytics tools help IT professionals to correctly architect new development environments, reliably provisioning all the necessary resources to guarantee success. Automatic performance isolation technology ensures that VMs with different workload profiles operate in harmony (without individual VMs grabbing performance resources at the expense of other VMs).
Scenario 4 – Scaling out with Tintri storage
“A modern data centre is an ever-evolving, always-changing entity,” comments Jacobsz, “with new needs arising, new technologies coming to the fore, and changes having to be made continually to optimise the environment.”
In response to this, the Tintri Global Center ‘never sleeps' – it continually analyses performance and makes recommendations for how to optimise the environment and ensure that VMs are getting the capacity and performance they require.
Whenever the team adds new VMstores (extra capacity), this Global Center recognises the new capacity and starts immediately making recommendations for how to shuffle VMs around, to make the best use of the newly added capacity.
“While the data centre and its associated technologies are growing ever-more sophisticated and complex, there are certain VM management tools that can help to simplify all the new tasks that are required in the modern era,” adds Jacobsz.
With Tintri's range of VM management tools, datacentre administrators know that their datacentre performance can continue humming at optimal levels, even when it's time to tackle some of the most challenging, large-scale projects.
WELCH, W.Va. (AP) – A West Virginia woman has been sentenced to up to eight years in prison in the deaths of two men whose bodies were found in a burning pickup truck.
The Bluefield Daily Telegraph reports 46-year-old Sheila Bailey of Crumpler was sentenced Wednesday in McDowell County Circuit Court. She pleaded guilty in March to charges in the 2014 deaths of 21-year-old Brandon Church and 46-year-old Clinton Mullins, both of Iaeger.
Investigators said Bailey's husband, Donald Bailey, shot both men after an argument fueled by alcohol. He is serving two life sentences.
Sheila Bailey was accused of helping her husband burn the bodies. She was sentenced to five years for accessory after the fact for murder and one to three years for third-degree arson. She was ordered to serve them consecutively.
Related
Comments
comments
U.S. Army Gen. John Nicholson is interviewed by The Associated Press. July 27, 2016. (AP Photo/Massoud Hossaini, File)
The top U.S. commander in Afghanistan said Thursday that he needs a "few thousand" more troops to better accomplish a key part of the mission in the war-torn country and complained that Russian meddling there is complicating the counterterror fight.
Testifying before the Senate Armed Services Committee, Gen. John Nicholson didn't provide an exact number, but said the additional forces are required to properly train and advise the Afghan military so they can eventually operate independently. Nicholson told the panel that the extra troops could come from the United States or from other countries that are part of the American-led coalition in Afghanistan. Nicholson said he's discussed the need for more troops with Defense Secretary James Mattis and Gen. Joseph Dunford, the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.
There are currently about 8,400 U.S. troops conducting counterterrorism operations against insurgents and training the Afghans.
Nicholson also said Russia's meddling in Afghanistan is proving to be problematic. Moscow has been publicly legitimizing the Taliban by asserting the militants are fighting Islamic terrorists while the Afghan government is not, according to Nicholson. This is a "false narrative," he said.
Nicholson said the Afghan security forces have cut the number of Islamic State fighters by half and reduced the territory the extremists hold by two-thirds.
The Russians recently invited members of the Taliban to Moscow for meetings about the country's future but didn't include representatives from the Afghan government, according to Nicholson. He said representatives from China, Pakistan and other regional countries also were invited
"A peace and reconciliation process should be Afghan-led," the general said.
The conflict in Afghanistan is its 16th year, making it America's longest war.
Nicholson described the security situation in Afghanistan as a "stalemate." But he said the "equilibrium favors the government."
He also said the greatest weakness of the Afghan security forces is poor leadership. He said positions of seniority within the Afghan army and police are awarded through a system of patronage instead of merit.
With the Linux 4.17 kernel soon to be released, I've been running some fresh file-system and I/O scheduler tests -- among other benchmarks -- of this late stage kernel code. For your viewing pleasure today are tests of a high performance Intel Optane 900p NVMe SSD with different I/O scheduler options available with Linux 4.17.
From this high-performance solid-state drive the schedulers tested were none. mq-deadline, BFQ, BFQ low_latency, and Kyber.
You may be asking why these I/O scheduler tests were done with a speedy SSD when most Linux distributions default to using "none" for NVMe-based storage. Well, it was out of curiosity and to see the impact. Since on some Linux distributions like Intel's performance-oriented Clear Linux, they prefer using the newer Facebook-backed Kyber scheduler over "none" for NVMe storage.
So this article today is looking at the I/O scheduler performance on Linux 4.17 when using an AMD EPYC 7601 server with the Intel Optane 900p 280GB SSD. An additional article in the days ahead is looking at these scheduler results for Linux 4.17 but when testing with a conventional SATA 3.0 SSD and consumer-grade HDD for additional data points where the I/O scheduler can really matter a great deal.
These Linux I/O benchmarks were carried out in a fully-automated and reproducible manner using the open-source Phoronix Test Suite benchmarking software.
Eric Stewart
Things I Do For Love (e-book)
(itunes.apple.com/gb/book/things-i-do-for-love/id1207456782?mt=11)
Anthology (2 CD)
(Lemon/Cherry Red CDLEMD 229)
One day in late 1975, New Musical Express-reading fans of 10cc were shocked to encounter a vituperative letter from Eric Stewart, taking issue with a recent review of the band's latest single, while describing other chartbound records of the day as, if memory serves correctly, “unadulterated crap.”
They were shocked, not because his sentiments were at all disproportionate (they weren't), but because Stewart always seemed … well, he was the cuddly one in the band, 10cc's sweet-smiling, doe-eyed, dare-one-say-sex-symbol. At other times, the same magazine had even described him as one of the world's greatest Erics, and even in a company that included messrs Idle, Burdon and Blair (George Orwell), that seemed a reasonable conclusion.
To hear he had a temper, and a short-fused one as well (the letter was clearly dashed off in a fit of pique, with no thought given to the amusement it would afford the magazine's staff), was akin to discovering that the Beatles stopped touring because Ringo kept stealing their lunch money before gigs.
Now we discover, he not only had a temper. He is also still angry… not about the review, or at least, he doesn't mention it in his autobiography. But other events that shaped his career; management reneging on a Virgin Records deal because Phonogram offered a bit more money; the demise of the original 10cc; his ousting from the sessions for Paul McCartney's Press To Play… these clearly still play on his mind and, while you cannot blame him for that, there is one point to make.
If Stewart had delved into as much detail about the rest of his career as he does those three (admittedly pivotal) moments, this would be one of the most enjoyable rock biographies of the age. Instead… it's still fun. But it's also bitter. That much becomes apparent with just one glance at the acknowledgements – thank yous to two former bandmates, Kevin Godley and Lol Creme. But not a single mention of the third, Graham Gouldman, and that despite him being the one who stayed behind.
Because… well, you can read that for yourself. Indeed, all the stories are best told by Stewart, and he does so with a frankness that has to be admired. His willingness to shed whole new light on events that have never been publicly aired in depth is what ultimately makes this book both an essential read for anyone curious about the dirty tricks with which rock overflows; and feel half-written. Again, if every other aspect of his career was given the same forensic examination as those, we'd be throwing Stewart a ticker-tape parade.
His career, after all, is a remarkable one. A teenaged star with Wayne Fontana and the Mindbenders, a chart-topper before he hit twenty-one, he defied all expectations by taking over when frontman Fontana quit in 1966, and immediately led the band to another #1.
A few fallow years followed, during which Stewart set up Strawberry Studios; and a couple more as that project got off the ground. By 1972, however, he was back at the top with 10cc and when, in 1976, history repeated itself and another band was split asunder, Stewart did exactly what he'd done before, and carried on as usual. In 1966, it was the Fontana-less Mindbenders' “Groovy Kind of Love” that sent the pall-bearers home early; in 1976, it was 5cc's “The Things We Do For Love,” and two years later, “Dreadlock Holiday.”
Like the Mindbenders following their Houdini moment, 10cc fizzled out after that – in part, it was always assumed, as a consequence of the ghastly car accident that laid Stewart up (and which ultimately cost him one eye), but now it seems there were other currents swirling, as well. Again, read the book. But undaunted, Stewart marched on – a couple of solo albums, a few neat production jobs, and then Macca came calling.
That fell apart a couple of years later, and a few years after that, Stewart stops. If his coverage of life before the original 10cc split is scant, and it is, he writes off the last thirty years in barely more time than it takes to read the discography. Then devotes the rest of the book to chapters about his love for the Beatles, the Stones, old cars, remodeling houses, anything but talk about music.
Which is fine. Keith Richard's autobiography does much the same thing, and Stewart does at least spare us a rundown of his favorite recipes. But at least Keith wrote about the records that he knew we all cared for. The only song that Stewart goes into any serious depth about is “I'm Not In Love,” when that's a story that has been told a myriad times before.
What about all the others, though? The dozens and dozens of others with which Stewart, whether as player or writer, kept first the Mindbenders and then 10cc rolling in hits? Nobody wants to read a book that is all “then I wrote this with a blue ballpoint pen, and then I wrote that with a green one.” But a bit of background wouldn't go amiss; a few glimpses inside the studio, a few trips out on the road. Instead….
It is an entertaining read. Stewart is an engaging writer and, when he lets rip, an engaging storyteller, too. The photos are fabulous, tracing Stewart through childhood, stardom and beyond, and most of them are published here for the first time. Interactive links connect the e-book with online songs and occasional videos… nothing rare or unreleased, unfortunately (band mate Kevin Godley's Space Cake was like a museum in that respect), but if you don't quite remember a particular song, it's a handy feature. When Stewart says in the intro that he wants the book to feel like you're sitting chatting with a friend, there are moments when he hits that on the head.
There are more, however, when you wonder if maybe his bitterness over past slights has dulled him to the joy he should feel over past successes? If, in fact, the only tales he had any interest in telling were the ones that put some old warped records straight, and the rest was just background detail?
If so, that's a shame. If not, it's still a shame. But, if you have any love for either 10cc or the Mindbenders, or any of Stewart's other activities, you should read this book from cover to cover – and, while you do so, you can listen to Anthology.
It's surprising, given how closely book and album share their artwork, how few words Stewart expends on his solo career (most of which reappear in the liners here). True, it did not set the world afire, but the four albums that are highlighted here (Girls, Frooty Rooties, Do Not Bend and Viva La Difference) are all eminently enjoyable and the best of the songs are equals of any he wrote with the Mindbenders and 10cc. Indeed, it's intriguing to note that the weakest cuts of the thirty-one tracks are, in fact, those excerpted from 10cc's Ten Out of Ten and Mirror Mirror albums.
One assumes that licensing problems and, perhaps, Stewart's own taste dictated the less than representative selection from Girls (the title track only), so this may not be the answer to every fan's dream… difficult to find in its original format, it's eluded CD reissue, too.
But 1982's Frooty Rooties is present with seven of its nine songs, including both the epic “The Ritual” and the terrific “Guitaaaaaarghs”. 2003's Do Not Bend weights in with nine of its nineteen cuts; and 2009's Viva… serves up eight out of eleven – more than enough to convey a fair taste of each album's delights, at the same time as the distinctly unchronological programming pursues feel and mood over time and place. Only Viva sees its contents lumped together in one place; the remainder are laid out with defiant disregard to dating.
It works, too; slipping from “The Ritual” to “Do The Books,” into “Never Say I Told You So” and thence to “Make The Pieces Fit” and “Girls” makes delightful musical sense, and one comes out of the collection wishing that whoever controls the mainstream 10cc catalog this day would devote more attention to journeys like this, than yet another go round for You Know What and it's over-anthologized siblings. And yes, there is a new mothership box set (Before, During, After: The Story Of 10cc) just out but, to paraphrase one of 10cc's final singles, “we've bought it all before.”
The contents of Anthology, on the other hand, might well be new to a lot of people, and it'd be fun to watch them get to know it. His biggest hits proved long ago that Stewart rates among the most gifted, if under-rated, songwriters of his generation; his best loved moments reveal him to be a guitar player to match… he's one of the world's greatest Erics, remember, so stop trying to push to the front, Mr Clapton.
If this anthology of the best of his solo work focuses the spotlight onto the rest of his canon, then job done. His autobiography is highly entertaining. But his music tells his story far more joyously.
Michael Larabel is the principal author of Phoronix.com and founded the site in 2004 with a focus on enriching the Linux hardware experience. Michael has written more than 10,000 articles covering the state of Linux hardware support, Linux performance, graphics drivers, and other topics. Michael is also the lead developer of the Phoronix Test Suite, Phoromatic, and OpenBenchmarking.org automated benchmarking software. He can be followed via Twitter or contacted via MichaelLarabel.com.
The playoff picture takes form after the Green Bay Packers beat the Detroit Lions
WASHINGTON, USA - Aaron Rodgers threw 4 touchdown passes and the Green Bay Packers downed Detroit 31-24 Sunday, December 1 (Monday Manila time), claiming the NFC North division title with their sixth consecutive victory.
A tension-packed final day of the regular season saw the Packers and Detroit Lions capture the last playoff berths while the Atlanta Falcons and Kansas City Chiefs won to secure first-round playoff byes.
Rodgers threw for 300 yards and touchdown passes of 7 yards to Aaron Ripkowski, 3 and 9 yards to Davante Adams and 10 yards to Geronimo Allen. With 40 season touchdown passes, Rodgers is the first Packer to lead the NFL in that area since Brett Favre in 2003 as Green Bay reached the playoffs for an eighth straight year.
"We never broke," Rodgers said. "We could have fractured at some point but we stuck together. Every game we came together with great focus. I'm really proud of these guys."
The Lions failed to win their first division crown since 1993 but took a wildcard post-season berth thanks to Washington's earlier 19-10 loss to the New York Giants.
Injury-hit Oakland fell 24-6 at Denver and Kansas City took the AFC West crown and the bye with a 37-27 victory in what might have been the final NFL game at San Diego.
In the National Conference, Atlanta downed New Orleans 38-32 to join Dallas with a first-round bye. Green Bay will host the Giants next Sunday and the Lions visit Seattle on Saturday in playoff openers.
In the American Conference, Kansas City joined New England with a first-round bye while Miami visits the Pittsburgh Steelers on Sunday and Oakland visits Houston on Saturday.
At Washington, Robbie Gould's 40-yard field goal with 2:12 remaining gave the Giants a 13-10 lead. The Redskins' final rugby-style desperation play saw New York's Trevin Wade return a lateral on the bounce for a last-play Giants touchdown.
"Just like that your season's over," said Redskins coach Jay Gruden. "No question it's frustrating."
The Redskins lost four of their last six games to miss out of back-to-back playoff trips for the first time since 1992.
Cowboy stars rest in loss
Tampa Bay's longshot playoff bid failed despite the Buccaneers edging Carolina 17-16 after Philadelphia's 27-13 home win over a Dallas squad that rested many of its starters. The Cowboys, who had sealed a home-field edge and bye, benched rookie rusher Ezekiel Elliott and star quarterback Dak Prescott saw only two possessions.
Atlanta scored touchdowns on its first five possessions then held off the Saints. With a loss, the Falcons would have lost the bye to Seattle, which edged San Francisco 25-23.
Oakland, which lost quarterback Derek Carr to a broken right leg last week, saw replacement Matt McGloin leave in the second quarter with a shoulder injury and rookie Connor Cook finished out the loss at Denver.
The Chiefs took advantage, Alex Smith throwing two touchdown passes as the Chiefs claimed their first division crown since 2010.
"It was pretty sweet," Smith said. "Pretty awesome. To win the division is special as well."
Some San Diego fans carried protest signs against Chargers ownership, which could move the club to Los Angeles this month after area voters rejected spending public money for a new stadium.
Brady powers Patriots
New England's Tom Brady threw for 276 yards and three touchdowns to lead the Patriots over host Miami 35-14 to seal a home-field edge.
Brady, seeking a fifth Super Bowl crown at age 39, completed 25 of 33 passes as New England finished an NFL-best 14-2, needing only two home playoffs wins to reach next month's NFL championship game at Houston.
The Dolphins, who haven't won a playoff game since 2000, make their first playoff appearance since 2008 at Pittsburgh, where the host Steelers downed Cleveland 27-24 in overtime on Landry Jones' third touchdown pass, a 26-yarder to Cobi Hamilton.
The Browns finished an NFL-worst 1-15 to secure the top pick in this year's NFL Draft.
Among non-playoff teams, the New York Jets thumped Buffalo 30-10 as the visiting Bills shockingly let New York's Doug Middleton recover a Jets kickoff in the end zone for a touchdown.
At Minnesota, two protestors hung a banner from the roof protesting the Dakota Access Pipeline, an ongoing dispute regarding an oil pipeline taking a path through Native American tribal lands. The game continued and police later arrested the duo on trespassing charges. – Rappler.com
VOL. 42 | NO. 21 | Friday, May 25, 2018
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Federal Reserve is proposing to ease a rule aimed at defusing the kind of risk-taking on Wall Street that helped trigger the 2008 financial meltdown.
The Fed under new leadership on Wednesday unveiled proposed changes to the Volcker Rule, which bars banks' risky trading bets for their own profit with depositors' money. The changes would match the strictest applications of the rule to banks that do the most trading.
Fed officials say that would resolve some of the uncertainty for banks. It comes amid other government efforts to loosen financial regulations, as President Donald Trump has promised.
The Volcker Rule, crafted by regulators 4 ½ years ago, is a key plank of the landmark Dodd-Frank law intended to reduce the likelihood of another financial crisis and taxpayer-funded bank bailout. Trump has blamed Dodd-Frank for constraining economic growth.
The rule is named for Paul Volcker, a Fed chairman in the 1980s who was an adviser to President Barack Obama during the financial crisis. Volcker urged a ban on deposit-funded, high-risk trading by big banks, believing that it would be an effective in averting future economic crises.
There has already been a volley of modifications that unwind the stricter regulations put into place during the Great Recession:
—Last week, Congress approved legislation rolling back the Dodd-Frank law, giving Trump a key win on a campaign promise as he quickly signed it into law. The Republican-led legislation, passed with help from some opposition votes, was aimed at especially helping small and medium-sized banks, including community banks and credit unions. It eases oversight and capital requirements (and Volcker Rule compliance) for about two dozen banks falling below new capital thresholds, including BB&T Corp., SunTrust Banks, Fifth Third Bancorp and American Express.
—After Trump installed him in November as acting director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, Mick Mulvaney has shaped the watchdog agency established by the Dodd-Frank law and urged a curb on its powers. He has dropped a lawsuit against a payday lender, targeted agency enforcement powers in anti-discrimination cases and threatened a consumer complaint database. No banks or other financial institutions have been fined or sued since he took over.
The Volcker Rule banned high-risk activity known as proprietary trading. The practice had become a huge money-making machine for Wall Street mega-banks like Goldman Sachs, JPMorgan Chase and Morgan Stanley. Proprietary trading allowed big banks to tap depositors' money in federally-insured bank accounts — essentially borrowing against that money and using it for investments.
"Weakening the Volcker Rule means allowing banks to play with other people's money again. That was the casino economy before the crisis," says Ed Mierzwinski, a senior director at the U.S. Public Interest Research Group, a consumer advocacy organization
In the years since the rule took effect, banks have been required to trade mainly on behalf of their clients.
"The proprietary trading desks are gone (from the banks) and they're probably not going to come back," says Oliver Ireland, an attorney specializing in banking law at Morrison & Foerster. Ireland was an associate general counsel at the Fed.
Still, big Wall Street banks have pushed against the Volcker Rule.
The Fed is an independent regulator that asserts its separation from political pressure and the White House. Trump, of course, has had the opportunity to put his stamp on the central bank by filling positions on the seven-member Fed board.
The new Fed chairman since February, Jerome Powell, who was a board member under ex-Fed chair Janet Yellen, was an investment banker before he joined the central bank. After Trump named him Fed chief, Powell told Congress that he believes the rules put into place after the 2008 crisis could be improved, though he doesn't completely support the administration's ambition of aggressively rolling back regulations.
Another Trump appointee on the Fed board, investment banker Randal Quarles, is the Fed's top overseer of Wall Street and the leader in seeking to ease financial regulation. He has said the package of rules under Dodd-Frank should be overhauled but not scrapped. The third sitting Fed governor is Lael Brainard, a former Treasury Department official appointed by Obama in 2014.
Trump has named three others to fill vacancies on the board: two economics professors and the Kansas banking commissioner. They await Senate confirmation.
The hammer wielded by Chris Hemsworth's Thor and Jack Nicholson's Joker costume from Batman are among the pieces of movie memorabilia set to be sold at auction.
The purple suit and white mask with green hair and the huge hammer are expected to fetch between £20,000 and £30,000 each when they are sold at Prop Store's entertainment memorabilia live auction on September 26, which features pieces of film history collectively worth between £2 million and £3 million.
The helmet worn by Chris Pratt as Star Lord Peter Quill in Guardians of the Galaxy is expected to fetch between £30,000 and £50,000 while the helmet and tunic worn by Ian McKellen to play Magneto in the 2000's X-Men is expected to fetch between £20,000 and £30,000.
The tunic worn by Christopher Reeve in Superman IV: The Quest For Peace in 1987 is expected to sell for more than £8,000 while the Catwoman costume worn by Julie Newmar in the Batman TV series between 1966 and 1969 is poised to fetch more than £15,000.
Film fans will be able to see 300 of the lots when they go on display at the BFI IMAX in London on September 7.
Stephen Lane, CEO of Prop Store, said: "We all love a good superhero and we're thrilled to be featuring such super props and costumes in our upcoming auction.
"If you're a fan of Marvel or DC, heroes or villains, blockbusters or the classics, we've got you covered with items from the nostalgic 1960s Batman series to the contemporary Guardians of the Galaxy."
The auction will be livestreamed online and registration and bidding is now open. Bids can be placed online at www.propstore.com/liveauction or over the phone or in person.
Prop Store's entertainment memorabilia live auction, presented by Odeon, will take place at the BFI IMAX Waterloo on September 26 at 12pm.
Monday's headlines are going to be dominated by names like Ben Roethlisberger, Le'Veon Bell, Chris Boswell and Antonio Brown. And rightfully so. The Pittsburgh Steelers pulled off a thrilling last-minute 39-38 win over the Baltimore Ravens to clinch the AFC North.
But there were plenty of other guys that stepped up big in big moments and outplayed expectations. Here are our four unsung heroes.
Vance McDonald
McDonald returned from an injury and had a huge impact. He finished with four receptions for 52 yards and laid several huge blocks including one to free up Le'Veon Bell for a touchdown. Unfortunately, McDonald suffered a shoulder injury in the game and wasn't able to finish but his addition has proven to be a positive one when he's on the field.
Jesse James
Speaking of tight ends, James had a huge game. James finished with 10 receptions for 97 receiving yards and was the hole in the Ravens defense the offense was able to exploit over and over. Pittsburgh feasts on those crossing routes and this really should be something that is worked into the offense more going forward.
Eli Rogers
Sweet retribution for Rogers this week. After two forgettable weeks, Rogers was finally able to have a positive impact. He hauled in three receptions for 33 receiving yards and made the most of his opportunities.
Javon Hargrave
Hargrave saw his highest snap count of the season Sunday night. He played 61 percent of the defensive snaps and once again showed why he should be on the field more. His forced fumble early in the game showcased his big-man athleticism and his ability to control the middle of the line of scrimmage was on full display.
The Mobile County Sheriff's Office on Saturday released the name of the man who drowned Saturday while fleeing officers in Chickasabogue Park.
Scroll for more content...
The MCSO identified him as 36-year-old Bobby Crook.
According to a news release, at about 6:30 p.m. Friday, the Sheriff's Office was called to investigate a death that occurred in the area of Interstate 65 near Chickasabogue Park.
MCSO Detectives, the MCSO Crime Scene Unit and an investigator from the Mobile County District Attorney's Office began gathering information from witnesses on the scene as well as officers with the Chickasaw Police Department and Chickasabogue Park Rangers.
The resulting report states that a Chickasaw police officer stopped to assist a stranded motorist on I-65. When the officer called in the tag and license, it was determined that the motorist had outstanding warrants. When confronted, the stranded motorist identified as Crook, fled on foot across interstate, authorities said.
According to the MCSO news release, the Chickasaw police officer briefly chased Crook but lost sight of him and passed on his description to park rangers.
Subsequently, park rangers encountered Crook, but he fled from them as well.
The news release states that Chickasaw Police and park rangers continued to search and caught up with Crook. Crook ran, jumping into a moving body of water attempting to swim to the other side.
MCSO says Crook began having trouble breathing and began going underwater and did not resurface. A Chickasaw police officer jumped into water attempting to rescue Crook but was unsuccessful, according to the MCSO news release.
At about 11 p.m., Crook's body was recovered.
"We are waiting on results of autopsy and there is no further information at this time," the MCSO news release states.
Those who assisted in the recovery were Saraland Fire Department, Saraland Special Ops and The Mobile County Sheriff's Office Flotilla, according to the MCSO.
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
Negotiations between the UK and the EU to agree the terms of Britain's withdrawal from the bloc have hit a number of road bumps, mounting additional pressure on Prime Minister Theresa May to deliver a favorable deal. Meanwhile, Italy is facing the prospect of a political crisis after the country's elections in March failed to yield a victory.
A report published on Wednesday by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) warned that a number of political developments in Europe pose “economic risks” to the global economy, according to Sky News.
READ MORE: Soros: EU is in 'Existential Danger', US Policies Risk Global Financial Crisis
Brexit and the ongoing political struggle in Italy were singled out by the OECD's report as the largest threats.
However, in the same report in which it shared its “economic outlook” of the global economy, the OECD raised its economic growth forecasts internationally, including in the UK, and predicted unemployment to fall in developed economies.
A spokesperson for the Treasury commented on the report, saying “The fundamentals of our economy are strong, and it has grown every year since 2010. Thanks to the hard work of the British people, we are at a turning point with unemployment at a near-record low, real wages rising, and our national debt forecast to fall."
© AP Photo / Tim Ireland Risk of 'No Deal' Looms if No Progress on Brexit Talks Made By June EU Summit – Reports
Some details of the UK's exit from the EU have been agreed upon after months of intense negotiations in Brussels, but some arrangements, such as the Irish border, are yet to be finalized. This additional uncertainty has made it more difficult for businesses to make plans and forecasts in response to Brexit.
Almost two months on after the Italian elections – which saw the rise of populist, anti-EU groups – a government is yet to be formed, with negotiations stalling and President Sergio Mattarella rejecting numerous nominations for PM.
The president ultimately asked former-IMF official Carlo Cottarelli to form and head the government as interim PM, ahead of the likely prospect of new elections later this year.
READ MORE: Leader of Italy's Lega Party Urges Mattarella to Announce Snap Elections
Kathrine Herzer has been an actress since she was 10 years old, but her role as Allison McCord on the CBS hit political drama Madam Secretary changed her life. While the California native had small roles in movies such as Mr. and Mrs. Smith and A Lot Like Love, her recurring role alongside stars such as Tea Leoni and Keith Carradine took her career to the next level.
“Madam Secretary is the best,” Herzer told CBS Local in a recent studio interview. “I got the part when I was a junior in high school and I would commute back and forth to New York when we started filming. It's the best group of people to work with and we have these amazing scripts that create this great energy.”
In addition to her work on Madam Secretary, Herzer is also a full time student at New York University. While her schedule has its challenges, the 20-year-old rising star wouldn't change anything.
“It's a lot to balance, but I wouldn't have it any other way,” Herzer said. “There's so much that I get from working and going to school at the same time.”
Season Four of the show will be a big one for the McCord family, as Allison is on her way to college. The new season, which premieres Sunday, October 8th at 10pm eastern on CBS, will feature a more mature and empowered Allison McCord.
“Allison is in such a crazy time in her life because she is going to college. She's venturing into her own world, but the McCord family is so close that it just means that they are all branching out into this new area. I think this bit of independence will give her a lot of power, its an exciting season for her.”
SCNT Cloning – A Major Step Towards Cloning Humans?
Two cloned, long-tailed macaques were born in December in China, using the same technique; ‘Single Cell Nuclear Transfer' (SCNT) as with Dolly the sheep. What is this technique, and does it bring the prospect of cloned humans closer?
Professor Darren Griffin from the School of Biosciences at the University of Kent, who is one of the UK's most important authorities on cloning, discusses this issue with host John Harrison.
Professor Griffin explains that this is a technical advance rather than being a new cloning method. "The ‘Dolly the Sheep' cloning method has largely been successful in cloning all sorts of mammals; pigs, horses, cats, dogs, and of course sheep, but until recently the received wisdom was that it wouldn't work very well in primates. I don't think that they [Chinese scientists] did anything particularly different other than try various methods from the same technique until they very impressively got it right….Generally speaking, when we talk about cloning, we picture the ‘Dolly The Sheep' approach, which involves taking the nucleus from a committed cell and implanting that into an egg or a very early embryo in the hope that the embryo will divide and form a fetus."
"In this case, the thing that they got to work was by using embryonic cells, cells from a fetus, that resulted in the two monkeys we have seen all over the newspapers. There were also a couple of attempts using adult monkey cells, but they didn't last more than a couple of days. So it's still relatively early days if this work is to continue."
But the Chinese team was only successful after 78 failed attempts. "This is the thing, when the question is whether or not we should be cloning humans" professor Griffin says. "On the one hand, these are primates and we ourselves are primates, thus technically you might argue that this is a step towards the right approach, but with humans you have of course all sorts of other issues, such as the fact that there were so many failures. One of the things you don't really want to do is to experiment and essentially produce babies which may be severely defective or last no more than a couple of days just to prove a point. It is quite dangerous. Another issue is that it is probably a little bit pointless. There would probably be a market for this, if you put out on the internet: ‘Would you like to be cloned.' I am sure there would be a lot of takers who would pay an awful lot of money to get themselves cloned. But realistically, what would the end result be? Someone who was a little bit like the person from whom they were cloned in the first place." Professor Griffin points out that even if you produce identical clones, which are the same genetically, unless they were brought up in the same environment and in the same point in history it is unlikely that they will be very similar at all. "Even identical twins, as far as we know, are somewhat different to one another."
The SCNT technique may have uses as far as further research into producing cloned primates for the testing of drugs and medical treatments, in cases where only research on primates will do. "Aids research was greatly aided through the study of macaques, cognitive aging is another example, and in both these cases it is thought that you have to have a primate model….If you have a group of animals with the same genetic background and then you apply an intervention such as a drug, then you know for a fact that what happens, the effect, is due to your intervention and not due to differences in the natural population of monkeys that you look at. So, the argument is that you would have to use fewer monkeys because your statistics will be more robust."
As Professor Griffin points out, any scientific advance that can do good can also cause harm. "Within our own States we have regulatory bodies,…but there are many other things that are far more likely and far more dangerous than cloning."
We'd love to get your feedback at radio@sputniknews.com
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
PUERTO RICO-- Right now, you can log on to Ebay and bid on the rolls of paper towels Donald Trump threw in Puerto Rico!
Earlier this week, President Trump took the trip to Puerto Rico. He observed Hurricane Maria's damage, shook hands with officials, and talked federal funding.
"Now, I hate to tell you Puerto Rico," Trump said Tuesday. "But you've thrown our budget a little out of whack, because we've spent a lot of money on Puerto Rico and that's fine, we've saved a lot of lives."
Well, a "budget" isn't the only thing that's been "thrown."
Trump also worked on his shooting skills when he decided to toss paper towels to victims at a relief center. He was far from being Steph Curry 'with the shot.' In fact, the media, and social media pretty much all thinks his "shot" is what's "out of whack".
But the trolling doesn't stop there.
Check out the bids going live on Ebay:
Buyer beware, some of these don't look like the same brand trump tossed into the crowd.
If you're over these paper towels. People have already been quite the (uh) "quicker-picker uppers" and made these Donald decals.
]
Instead of Jumpman, it's Trumpman!
Not a cool way to make light of this PR disaster but we have to say the internet is on a roll!
Residents are being advised that they will see changes to police officers' uniforms.
“They are a vital part of neighbourhood policing and play a huge role in building links with the local community.
“The new uniform, which is only a change in the colour of their shirt, will see them adopt the national uniform. Their role will not change and they will continue to offer the same great service.”
Economist Hilton Lam once conducted an economic evaluation of Dengvaxia, which showed the vaccine is only cost-effective if sold at P654.25 each. The DOH bought the vaccine at P1,000 each.
Published 6:55 PM, December 11, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – An economist belonging to the expert panel that did not recommend the mass use of the controversial dengue vaccine in the Philippines said the budget allotted for it was too much.
Hilton Lam was among the members of the Formulary Executive Council (FEC) who testified during the Senate investigation into the controversy hounding Sanofi Pasteur's Dengvaxia vaccine on Monday, December 11.
The vaccine was used in the now-suspended dengue immunization program for public school students in Metro Manila, Central Luzon, and Calabarzon, launched by ex-Department of Health (DOH) secretary Janette Garin in April 2016. (READ: New vaccines shouldn't be introduced during an election year – Ubial)
Sanofi recently announced Dengvaxia could lead to a more severe case of dengue if given to a person who had not been infected by the virus before, prompting the Senate to reopen its probe. (READ: TIMELINE: Dengue immunization program for public school students)
During the hearing, Senate blue ribbon committee chairperson Richard Gordon asked Lam to answer this question: "[Sinasabi mo bang] sumosobra 'yung amount for something that has not been actually adequately tested? Or even if it was, sobra 'yung amount because the extent, the expansion of the test is so huge [at] one million [children]?"
(Are you saying the amount was too much for something that has not been actually adequately tested? Or even if it was tested, the amount was too much because the extent, the expansion of the test is so huge at one million children?)
Lam replied: "That amount is huge... In that sense, I would agree." (READ: PCMC director grilled for P3-B dengue vaccine purchase)
Gordon then proceeded to ask FEC members Dr Cecilia Lazarte and John Wong, lawyer Froilan Bagabaldo, and FEC secretariat Dr Melissa Guerrero if the "rollout of this drug [was premature]."
All 4 of them said yes.
"I think the minutes would show that we did object to the vaccine. So I would say yes. It seems to be premature," said Lazarte.
No backing from experts
The FEC is composed of experts in the fields of pharmacology, toxicology, clinical epidemiology, pharmacy, clinical medicine, public health, health economics, health social science, and law and medicine.
The FEC, according to Executive Order No. 49, is the body mandated to determine which drugs should be part of the National Formulary, a list of drugs that the government can buy and use. Any drug not listed in the formulary cannot be purchased by the government.
From January to February 2016, the FEC met to assess the safety, efficacy, and cost effectiveness of Dengvaxia, which was sold to the government at P1,000 per dose.
Minutes of the meetings showed the FEC members were against using Dengvaxia on a nationwide scale, as clinical studies at the time had not guaranteed the vaccine was safe for mass use.
Lam had even conducted an economic evaluation study on Dengvaxia, where he calculated that the vaccine is only cost-effective from the public payer's perspective if it costs $13 or P654.25.
The FEC was told, however, that the Department of Budget and Management already issued a special allotment release order for the vaccination program, which got a P3.5-billion budget taken from sin tax funds.
Given these restrictions, the FEC then recommended to the DOH an exemption for Dengvaxia for only a year, with certain conditions. Any purchases beyond that period were supposed to be subject to another study.
Under that one-year purchasing period, the FEC also recommended "staged procurement" of the vaccine.
But Garin did not follow the experts' recommendation and instead pushed through with administering the vaccine to hundreds of thousands of children in Metro Manila, Central Luzon, and Calabarzon.
Garin maintains the vaccination program was "not a midnight deal," but Gordon suspects there was a "conspiracy" to have the dengue vaccine approved given the speed of the whole process.
Read copies of the minutes of the FEC meetings on January 7 and 25, 2016 and February 1, 2016 below:
– Rappler.com
P50.35 = $1
RELEASE FROM MISSOURI SOUTHERN ATHLETICS:
JOPLIN, Mo. - Junior forward Desirea Buerge was named Women's basketball MIAA Athlete of the Week in a release Monday afternoon.
Buerge had an amazing week combining for 64 points, 23 rebounds, five assists, and four steals in the Lions two MIAA victories over Lincoln and Lindenwood last week.
She began with a career-high 28 points and 12 rebounds in the team's victory over the Blue Tigers in double overtime, including two key free throws with .06 seconds left in the first overtime period to force a second one.
Then she smashed that mark after pouring in 36 points in a three-point win over Lindenwood, while shooting over 50-percent from the floor and remaining clutch at the free throw line by going a combined 20-for-21 under the pressure.
In both instances, the Webb City product recorded back-to-back double-doubles to continue her dominating streak in three straight games and reaching the feat in four contests on the season in only six games played.
Southern is back in action on Tuesday, Dec. 19 when they host non-conference opponent Missouri S&T at 5:30 pm.
The Second Amendment Foundation (SAF) released a statement on June 14, indicating their conviction that the shooting on Congressional baseball players was the result of “Democratic hate speech.”
Breitbart News reported that five persons were injured when 66-year-old James T. Hodgkinson opened fire on Republican House and Senate members who were practicing baseball. Rep. Steve Scalise (R-LA) and four others were injured in the attack. Hodgkinson was shot and killed by police.
SAF sent Breitbart News a statement on the attack:
Today's shooting of Congressman Steve Scalise (R-LA), and others including an aide and two Capitol Police officers is the result of Democratic hate speech toward President Donald Trump and majority Republicans, the Second Amendment Foundation said today. “This hate speech that has been going on since Donald Trump was elected,” said SAF founder and Executive Vice President Alan M. Gottlieb. “It gets their voter base agitated and this is what happens as a result. Is this just a coincidence this happened on the president's birthday?” The gunman has been identified as James Hodgkinson of Illinois. A Facebook page belonging to the fatally-wounded suspect suggests that he was a socialist Democrat, and was a follower of Sen. Bernie Sanders. Sanders confirmed that Hodgkinson was apparently a volunteer in his 2016 presidential campaign. “When liberal leftists support the assassination of President Trump on stage what do you expect to happen,” Gottlieb stated. “Hate speech and actions incite this kind of violence. It is time for Democrats like Reps. Maxine Waters and Nancy Pelosi, Sen. Chuck Schumer, Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton and many of the talking heads at CNN and MSNBC to shut up.”
SAF also observed:
Congressman Scalise and others at the field this morning were lucky to have the protection of courageous Capitol police officers, the good guys with guns who took down a bad guy with a gun,” he continued. “But what if they hadn't been present?” Congressman Mike Bishop of Michigan, who was at the baseball field, told a reporter, “The only reason why any of us walked out of this thing, by the grace of God, one of the folks here had a weapon to fire back and give us a moment to find cover.” “Maybe now the anti-gun rights Democrats will support everyone's right to carry a firearm for self-defense,” Gottlieb said. “We are the first line of defense when it comes to personal protection from crazed individuals.”
Breitbart News spoke with SAF's Alan Gottlieb about the calls for more gun control that have already been made in reaction to the shooting. He responded, “Democrats should ban their hate speech, not our guns for self-defense.”
AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast. He is also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow him on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach him directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com.
Posted by admin on March 19, 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Feb 2 (Reuters) - TIETO OYJ:
* ILMARINEN HAS SELECTED TIETO AS PARTNER Source text: bit.ly/2s1pmoy Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Reckitt Benckiser CEO Rakesh Kapoor speaks during the Reuters Global Consumer and Retail Summit in London, Britain September 11, 2013. REUTERS/Benjamin Beavan/File Photo
LONDON British consumer goods group Reckitt Benckiser is considering the sale of its foods business, which includes French's, its top-selling U.S. mustard brand, to help fund its $16.6 billion (13 billion pound) takeover of baby food maker Mead Johnson, British newspaper The Sunday Times said.
The maker of Durex condoms and Nurofen painkillers has told banks it plans to sell the foods division, as it no longer considers it core to a business increasingly focused on consumer health, the report said, citing senior sources.
The foods arm, which had sales last year of 411 million pounds, could fetch more than 2.4 billion pounds ($3 billion), according to the report.
Reckitt, which on Friday said it had cut the pay of Chief Executive Rakesh Kapoor after a safety scandal in South Korea, agreed to buy Mead Johnson in February.
A spokeswoman for Reckitt declined to comment on the report.
(Reporting by Paul Sandle; Editing by Greg Mahlich)
IN THE WAKE of their painful Champions Cup semi-final exit at the hands of Racing 92 on Sunday, there are physical ailments for Munster's John Ryan and Niall Scannell to nurse.
The southern province's medical update today says the hooker is ‘being assessed' for a knock while Ryan is under review for a back problem that forced the replacement prop to return to the bench before full-time in Bordeaux.
In positive news for the province before their Pro14 push begins with a home tie against Ulster at Thomond Park on Saturday, centre Jaco Taute has returned to on-field training for the first time since suffering serious knee ligament damage in the September win over Cardiff.
A return to full training for scrum-half Duncan Williams (facial injury) could allow Conor Murray to sit out the final regular season fixture, while Dan Goggin (knee) is also available again having been ruled out of the Racing clash.
Former Munster back row Jean Deysel will miss the return to Thomond Park as Ulster today marked him absent with a knee injury. Scrum-half John Cooney is being assessed after leaving the field for a HIA on Saturday.
Source: Tommy Dickson/INPHO
Meanwhile, 21-year-old academy product Bill Johnston has been awarded a new two-year contract by Munster. The Tipperary native and former Ireland U20 out-half signed his first senior professional deal last summer.
Highlights include the health of US East Coast salt marshes; influence of sea ice patterns on penguins; diet of blue whales in the California Current
Mars developed in as little as two to four million years after the birth of the solar system, far more quickly than Earth, according to results of a new study published in this week's issue of the journal Nature.
The red planet's rapid formation helps explain why it is so small, say the study's co-authors, Nicolas Dauphas at the University of Chicago and Ali Pourmand at the University of Miami.
Their research was funded by the National Science Foundation (NSF).
Mars probably is not a terrestrial planet like Earth, which grew to its full size over 50 to 100 million years via collisions with other small bodies in the solar system, said Dauphas, a geophysicist.
"Earth was made of embryos like Mars, but Mars is a stranded planetary embryo that never collided with other embryos to form an Earthlike planet," Dauphas said.
The new work provides evidence for this idea, which was first proposed 20 years ago on the basis of planetary growth simulations.
It likely will change the way planetary scientists view Mars, said Pourmand, a marine geologist and geophysicist. "We thought that there were no embryos in the solar system to study, but when we study Mars, we are studying embryos that eventually made planets like Earth."
There had been large uncertainties in the formation history of Mars because of the unknown composition of its mantle, the rock layer that underlies the crust.
"Now we can shrink those uncertainties to the point where we can do interesting science," Dauphas said.
Dauphas and Pourmand were able to refine the age of Mars by using the radioactive decay of hafnium to tungsten in meteorites.
Hafnium 182 decays into tungsten 182 in a half-life of nine million years. This relatively rapid decay means that almost all hafnium 182 will disappear in 50 million years, providing a way to assemble a fine-scale chronology of early events in the solar system.
"To apply that system you need two gradients," Pourmand explained. "You need the hafnium-tungsten ratio of the mantle of Mars and you need the tungsten isotopic composition of the mantle of Mars."
The latter was well known from analyses of martian meteorites, but not the former.
Previous estimates of the formation of Mars ranged as high as 15 million years because the chemical composition of the martian mantle was largely unknown.
Scientists still wrestle with large uncertainties in the composition of Earth's mantle because of processes such as melting.
"We have the same problem for Mars," Dauphas said.
Analyses of martian meteorites provide clues about the mantle composition of Mars, but their compositions also have changed.
Solving some lingering unknowns about the composition of chondrites, a common type of meteorites, provided the data needed.
As essentially unaltered debris left over from the birth of the solar system, chondrites serve as a Rosetta stone for deducing planetary chemical composition.
Cosmochemists have intensively studied chondrites, but still poorly understand the abundances of two categories of elements they contain, including uranium, thorium, lutetium and hafnium.
Dauphas and Pourmand analyzed the abundances of these elements in more than 30 chondrites, and compared those to the compositions of another 20 martian meteorites.
"Once you solve the composition of chondrites you can address many other questions," Dauphas said.
Hafnium and thorium both are refractory or non-volatile elements, meaning that their compositions remain relatively constant in meteorites.
They also are lithophile elements, those that would have stayed in the mantle when the core of Mars formed. If scientists could measure the hafnium-thorium ratio in the martian mantle, they would have the ratio for the whole planet, which they need to reconstruct its formation history.
The relationships between hafnium, thorium and tungsten dictated that the hafnium-thorium ratio in the mantle of Mars must be similar to the same ratio in chondrites.
To derive the martian mantle's hafnium-tungsten ratio, they divided the thorium-tungsten ratio of the martian meteorites by the thorium-hafnium ratio of the chondrites.
"Why do you do that? Because thorium and tungsten have very similar chemical behavior," Dauphas said.
Once Dauphas and Pourmand had determined this ratio, they were able to calculate how long it took Mars to develop into a planet.
A computer simulation based on these data showed that Mars must have reached half its present size only two million years after the formation of the solar system.
"New application of radiogenic isotopes to both chondrite and martial meteorites provides data on the age and mode of formation of Mars," said Enriqueta Barrera, program director in NSF's Division of Earth Sciences. "That is consistent with models that explain Mars' small mass in comparison to that of Earth."
A quickly-forming Mars would help explain the puzzling similarities in the xenon content of its atmosphere and that of Earth's.
"Maybe it's just a coincidence, but maybe the solution is that part of the atmosphere of Earth was inherited from an earlier generation of embryos that had their own atmospheres, maybe a Marslike atmosphere," Dauphas said.
The short formation history of Mars further raises the possibility that aluminum 26, which is known from meteorites, turned the red planet into a magma ocean early in its history.
Aluminum 26 has a half-life of 700,000 years, so it would have disappeared too quickly to contribute to the internal heat of Earth.
If Mars formed in two million years, however, significant quantities of aluminum 26 would remain. "When aluminum 26 decays it releases heat and can completely melt the planet," Pourmand said.
The research was also funded by the National Aeronautics and Space Administration and the Packard Foundation.
###
For those anxious to see AMDGPU's DC / DAL / display code mainlined either for the Radeon RX Vega support , FreeSync capabilities, HDMI/DP audio, or other display features, there is now a public TODO list.Harry Wentland of AMD today posted a public to-do list for this display code for the AMDGPU Direct Rendering Manager driver.Work-in-progress items include re-basing to DRM-Next, dropping the page-flip helper and use DRM's built-in version, per-plane and per-stream commits, and splitting the pipe_ctx into plane and stream resource structures.The TODO list also has incomplete items on removing the existing i2c implementation from the DC code, removing some DC EDID code and using the DRM built-in helpers instead, and dropping a DRM mode-set lock in MST.The complete AMDGPU DC TODO list for now can be found via the mailing list until it's committed to the tree. Great to finally see such list public to track still what they believe is left to do for this display stack.AMDGPU DC isn't going to make it for the mainline Linux 4.14 kernel but we are crossing our fingers that it could be ready for Linux 4.15.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Lipid, also known as fat, is an optimal energy source and an important cell component. Much is required for the rapid and uncontrolled growth of cancer cells. Researchers from the Biozentrum of the University of Basel and from the University of Geneva have now discovered that the protein mTOR stimulates the production of lipids in liver tumors to satisfy the increased nutrient turnover and energy needs of cancer cells among other functions. This process has also been observed in patients with liver cancer as the scientists report in "Cancer Cell".
In Switzerland, about 650 new cases of liver cancer are diagnosed every year. The incidence of the malignant and aggressive liver cell carcinoma has doubled in the last 20 years, especially in developed countries. One possible reason for this is the increase in obesity and diabetes. The scientists led by Prof. Michael N. Hall at the Biozentrum, University of Basel, and Prof. Howard Riezman, University of Geneva, have gained new insights into tumor development and disease progression. In mouse models and patient samples, they have demonstrated that the growth regulator mTOR - mammalian target of rapamycin - promotes de novo lipid synthesis and thus tumorigenesis. The accumulation of fatty acids and lipids in the liver is one of the major causes of hepatocellular carcinoma.
The liver: Detoxifier and energy supplier
"The liver is in a way our body's kitchen," explains Yakir Guri, medical doctor and first author of the study. "It stores and recycles nutrients, produces hormone precursors and detoxifies the body by eliminating harmful substances, such as drugs and alcohol." Not only excessive alcohol consumption, but also obesity and diabetes combined with lack of exercise can damage the liver. A first asymptomatic syndrome is so-called "fatty liver", which may cause inflammation that can progress to hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC). The aggressive and rapidly proliferating HCC cells ultimately destroy the surrounding healthy liver tissue, leading to liver failure.
Hepatocellular carcinoma: mTOR activation promotes tumorigenesis
The researchers initially investigated the progression of the disease in a mouse model. For this purpose, they constitutively activated mTOR specifically in liver cells. "We already knew that mTOR is involved in tumor development as it centrally controls cell growth. However, in the case of HCC we did not know which downstream metabolic and signaling pathways are affected," says Guri. The researchers have now discovered that mTORC2 - mTOR forms two protein complexes termed mTORC1 and mTORC2 - promotes the new synthesis of fatty acids and certain lipids. Most people do not realize that our body contains more lipid species than genes. It is assumed that there are thousands of different types," says Guri. "Together with Howard Riezman's team, we have been able to analyze a broad spectrum of such lipids."
Lipids: Synthesis of lipids is required for tumor development
In hepatocytes, mTORC2 stimulates in particular the production of two lipid species important for cell growth: sphingolipids and cardiolipins. The first are structural components of cell membranes, which have to be continuously supplied in rapidly proliferating cells. Cardiolipins are located in the cellular powerhouse, the mitochondria, and are involved in energy production. By enhancing cardiolipin synthesis, the energy-hungry tumor cells ensure their energy supply. "Cancer cells depend on the new synthesis of fatty acids and lipids; if you turn off the tap, you stop the development of tumors."
Patients: Analysis of liver biopsies confirms correlation
Analysis of tissue samples from patients with HCC confirmed the observations made in the mouse model. mTORC2 and its signaling pathways, which promote de novo synthesis of fatty acids and lipids, are also activated in tumor samples from patients. Thus, the protein complex plays a critical role in the progression of benign "fatty liver" to aggressive HCC. The study provides important insights for the development of potential therapeutic interventions, as it shows that targeted lipogenesis inhibitors may have the potential to prevent tumor development.
###
The project has been funded by the European Research Council (ERC), the Swiss Cancer Research Foundation and the Swiss National Centre of Competence in Research (NCCR) Chemical Biology.
David Ferrer sent local favourite Bernard Tomic packing with an easy 6-3 7-5 win in the opening round of the Brisbane International on Monday.
The eighth-seeded Spaniard capitalised on Tomic's poor serve, breaking the flat-looking Australian three times to clinch the first set at the Pat Rafter Arena.
They traded service holds through the second set until the final game when Tomic's eighth double fault sealed Ferrer's comprehensive win.
“All tennis players have pressure, but at this moment of my career, I need to enjoy these types of matches on Centre Court,” Ferrer said.
“I am 34 years old, 35 next month, so I hope I will play a little bit longer,” added the Spaniard who faces another Australian, wildcard Jordan Thompson, in the second round.
Nicolas Mahut staged a brilliant comeback against Stephane Robert to win the all-French contest 4-6 6-3 6-4. He will meet the winner of the clash between seventh seed Grigor Dimitrov and Steve Johnson.
In the women's event, fourth seed Garbine Muguruza staved off Samantha Stosur's spirited comeback, prevailing 7-5 6-7(2) 7-5 in a three-hour battle that ended in disappointment for the partisan crowd.
The 2016 French Open champion saved three set points to surge ahead and broke Stosur twice early in the second set.
Stosur mounted a strong reply, racing into a 4-2 lead in the decider before Muguruza staged a comeback of her own to book her place in the second round against Daria Kasatkina.
Sixth seed Elina Svitolina eased into the second round with a 6-3 6-3 victory over Olympic champion Monica Puig.
“My game was quite solid. I didn't do so many unforced errors, which is good, because with a couple of changes it can happen,” the world number 14 said.
Love in the Square offers weddings free, for those who may not be able to afford one.
Robson Square, in downtown Vancouver, was the scene of a love-in when more than a hundred people gathered to be married at the “pop-up wedding” event this past Sunday.
“A pop-up wedding is kind of a fancy elopement.”
Holly Anne Halter, the lead planner, told CBC Vancouver, “It's just a way for us to give back to the community.”
She said, “A pop-up wedding is kind of a fancy elopement.”
But it can also work well for couples, who may not want to plan an event themselves, and those that don't want to spend the average of $30,000 (Cdn) on a wedding.
Jeff Chung and his bride, who didn't want to be identified, were drawn by the spontaneity and the price.
“We think the money's better spent another way rather than having a full-on wedding,” he said. He and his new wife were apparently buying a new car later in the day.
The couple met 16 years ago at a paint-ball game. “She shot me, and so we sat down and started talking, and that's how we blossomed from here. Chung said.
“It rubber-stamps the relationship, I guess, because we've been together so long we're practically married,” Chung said of the pop-up affair.
The event has been taking place since 2015 and coincides with Valentine's Day. All the couples have to bring is a marriage licence.
DO NOT DRINK/ TEXT OR LIKE BP EAT WHILE DRIVING! This is dangerous!
The Royal Bahamas Police Force is becoming increasingly concerned with the alarming number of Traffic Fatalities on a number of the nation's streets.
Vehicle operators are reminded to respect other road users in the run up to the Christmas season.
Persons driving late at night who may be fatigued, impaired by sickness or some form of stimulant, should seek the assistance of others before attempting to navigate the roadways.
While officers of the Traffic Division and other patrolling Police units will vigorously enforce all laws and regulations, as responsible citizens and residents, let us avoid being ticketed or worst to prevent further carnage on our streets.
April 28 Fujian Snowman Co Ltd
* Says it and partners plan to acquire up to 17.6 percent stake in Canada's Hydrogenics Corp
Source text in Chinese: bit.ly/2pbcj08
Further company coverage: (Reporting by Hong Kong newsroom)
PYEONGCHANG (Sputnik) - The International Olympic Committee (IOC) will likely use the earlier generation of security bottles for doping probes at the 2018 Winter Olympics in order to avoid any problems with samples' integrity, IOC Director of Communications Mark Adams said on Saturday.
"WADA is responsible for the integrity of the anti-doping system. From my understanding… old bottles will be used to avoid any problems… we are very confident in that system," Adams told a press conference.
The decision was taken after on Friday, WADA issued a recommendation for the IOC to use the earlier models of bottles for doping probes during the 2018 Games, as it had been revealed that the new generation of security bottles could be opened without evidence.
READ MORE: IOC Concerned About Integrity of Doping Sample Bottles Ahead of 2018 Olympics
Investigation
The proposal was issued after on January 28, WADA had initiated an investigation into a potential integrity issue with the new generation of bottles over their potential to be opened manually while the sample is frozen.
The 2018 Winter Olympic Games will take place South Korea's Pyeongchang from February 9 to February 25 and the Paralympics from March 9 to March 18.
READ MORE: Russian Paralympians to Compete in S Korea as Neutral Athletes
‘The Internet has turned our young people into digital citizens of the world” says ITU Programme Officer
A two-day Cyber-Security Awareness workshop began this morning in the auditorium of the North Ruimveldt Secondary School with the theme: “The Role of Education in Cybersecurity: Developing Digital Citizenship”. It is the result of close collaboration among the International Telecommunication Union (ITU), and the Ministries of Public Telecommunications, Education and Social Protection.
This workshop, aimed directly at the Education sector, has attracted the participation of heads of primary and secondary schools, Guidance Counsellors and education administrators on this first day. On Day Two, Thursday June 15, parents and guardians, teachers, and secondary and tertiary level students will participate. The programme facilitators are Cybersecurity Specialist, Dr. Kay Xuereb and ITU's Programme Officer, Mr. Sylvester Cadette.
At the brief opening ceremony this morning Mr. Cadette pointed out that the ITU, the United Nations' specialized agency for Information Communication Technologies, has observed that certain barriers are diminishing rapidly. He was referring to the lower costs and easy availability of ICT devices like smart phones, tablets and peripherals. The Internet, he said, has also virtually erased global geographical borders, and its proliferation has turned most young people into “digital citizens”.
He stressed the need for all users of communication technologies to be constantly aware of the real and potential negatives lurking online such as being targeted for ‘grooming for sexual purposes', and especially for cyberbullying. The latter has already thrown up a number of debilitating results and sociological effects including suicides.
The Barbados-based ITU representative quoted from reports emanating from sister Caribbean countries including Jamaica, Trinidad & Tobago and St. Vincent & the Grenadines between 2012 and 2017. The reports pointed to increasing numbers of students reporting feelings of sadness and hopelessness; loneliness and anxiety after being bullied in school.
Bullying, Mr. Cadette noted, has always existed but it was previously done covertly. With the easy availability of the Internet and high tech devices, it has now become overt. “Schools and their administrations across the region are struggling to find solutions to combat the psychological and performance-related effects on victims of cyberbullying,” he noted, adding that the ITU has recently established an Online Child Protection Initiative to improve online security around the world.
Chief Education Officer, Mr. Marcel Hudson, spoke about his Ministry's drive to integrate ICT with schools' curricula which results in better information sharing and much more interactive teaching/learning experiences. “We have made tremendous progress with our children,” he said, since the Public Telecommunications Ministry's initiative began in 2016 to connect schools' computer laboratories and administration buildings to the national ICT networks. Some 102 secondary and tertiary education institutions including the CPCE and technical institutes now have free access to the internet.
According to CEO Hudson, the Ministry of Education, with assistance from the ITU and MoPT, is devising effective strategies to face down cyberbullying and to keep students safe from other kinds of threats online.
He was impressed by the organizers' foresight in including parents and guardians in the workshop (on Day Two) since they also play a crucial role in educating their charges about the risks and vulnerabilities they are exposed to online.
Researchers have developed new single-cell sequencing methods that could be used to map the cell origins of various brain disorders, including Alzheimer's, Parkinson's, schizophrenia and bipolar disorder.
By analyzing individual nuclei of cells from adult human brains, researchers at the University of California San Diego, Harvard Medical School and Sanford Burnham Prebys Medical Discovery Institute have identified 35 different subtypes of neurons and glial cells and discovered which of these subtypes are most susceptible to common risk factors for different brain diseases.
"There are multiple theories regarding the roots of various brain diseases. Our findings enable us to narrow down and rank which types of cells in the brain carry the most genetic risk for developing these diseases, which can help drug developers pick better targets in the future," said Kun Zhang, a professor of bioengineering at the UC San Diego Jacobs School of Engineering and co-senior author of the study.
This work builds off of a previous study published in Science, which Zhang also co-led, in which researchers identified 16 subtypes of neurons in the cerebral cortex. That study was the first large-scale mapping of gene activity in the human brain and provided a basis for understanding the diversity of individual brain cells.
"Our ultimate goal is to produce a complete cell atlas of the human brain," Zhang said. "Here, we've created a fuller and more detailed map than what we've done in our previous work."
In the new study, researchers developed a new generation of single-cell sequencing methods that enabled them to identify additional neuronal subtypes in the cerebral cortex as well as the cerebellum, and even further divide previously identified neuronal subtypes into different classes. The new methods also enabled researchers to identify different subtypes of glial cells, which wasn't possible in the previous study due to the smaller size of glial cells.
The advance was made possible by combining next-generation RNA sequencing with chromatin mapping--mapping of DNA and proteins in the nucleus that combine to form chromosomes--for more than 60,000 individual neurons and glial cells. The work was published Dec. 11 in Nature Biotechnology.
Using the information from RNA sequencing and chromatin mapping methods, researchers were able to map which cell types in the brain were affected by common risk alleles--snippets in DNA that occur more often in people with common genetic diseases. Researchers could then rank which subtypes of neurons or glial cells are more genetically susceptible to different brain diseases. For example, they found that two subtypes of glial cells, microglia and oligodendrocytes, were the first and second most at risk, respectively, for Alzheimer's disease. They also identified microglia as most at risk for bipolar disorder, and a subtype of excitatory neurons as most at risk for schizophrenia.
"Now we can locate where the disease likely starts," Zhang said. "However, we are only mapping the genetic risk. We don't know the precise mechanism of how these specific cells actually trigger the disease."
One caveat of this study, explained Zhang, is that it primarily analyzed data from adult brains (ages 20 to 50), so the findings do not represent younger or older populations. In order to better understand brain disorders that manifest early on, for example in infants, like autism spectrum disorder, the study would need to analyze cells from younger brains, he said.
The team also plans to expand their studies to map additional regions of the brain.
###
This work was supported in part by the NIH Common Fund Single Cell Analysis Program (1U01MH098977).
Paper title: "Integrative single-cell analysis of transcriptional and epigenetic states in the human adult brain." Authors of the study are Blue B. Lake*, Song Chen*, Brandon C. Sos*, Thu E. Duong, Derek Gao and Kun Zhang of UC San Diego; Jean Fan* and Peter V. Kharchenko of Harvard Medical School; and Gwendolyn Kaeser, Yun C. Yung and Jerold Chun of Sanford Burnham Prebys Medical Discovery Institute.
*These authors contributed equally to this work.
Members of the Canadian Armed Forces carry cots to the newly erected tents they assembled to help deal with the influx of asylum seekers near the border in Lacolle, Quebec. In the first half of 2017, more than 4,300 asylum seekers walked across the...more
Members of the Canadian Armed Forces carry cots to the newly erected tents they assembled to help deal with the influx of asylum seekers near the border in Lacolle, Quebec. In the first half of 2017, more than 4,300 asylum seekers walked across the U.S. border into Canada. Even before the flow of Haitian asylum seekers Canada was on track to have the most refugee claims in almost a decade. REUTERS/Christinne Muschi
Close
Iowa police agency fires trooper who had been on long leave
DES MOINES, Iowa (AP) — Iowa's state police agency fired a trooper on Tuesday for alleged misconduct, days after acknowledging the employee had quietly been on paid leave for 10 months.
The Iowa Department of Public Safety said trooper Wade Karp was terminated for violating department rules, including those that govern employee conduct. The department refused to elaborate further on the details of Karp's alleged misconduct, and didn't explain what took so long to investigate and render a decision on Karp's discipline.
The Associated Press first reported last week that Karp, a 10-year veteran of the Iowa State Patrol, had been kept on paid administrative leave since Sept. 5, 2017. He has collected roughly $50,000 in salary since then.
Karp declined comment Tuesday when reached on his cellphone. An official with the State Police Officers Council, a union which represented Karp during the investigation, didn't immediately return a phone message.
Karp was based at the patrol's Post 16 in Des Moines, which helps patrol the Capitol and other state buildings. The AP also reported last week that Karp was responsible for a service weapon that discharged inside the Post 16 office in December 2016. It's unclear if that incident was accidental or linked to his termination.
In a statement released by department lawyer Barbara Edmondson, the agency said Tuesday that all other information related to Karp's leave and termination "is confidential and protected from disclosure" under the Iowa open records law. The statement cited a law that exempts personal information in "confidential personnel records" from disclosure.
The AP is protesting that position, noting that an Iowa law that took effect last year requires state and local government agencies to release the "documented reasons and rationale" for terminating or demoting public employees. Agencies often release copies of termination letters to satisfy that requirement, but it isn't settled how much information has to be released.
In a department email Tuesday, Public Safety Commissioner Roxann Ryan notified employees of Karp's termination but didn't provide additional details, saying personnel actions are confidential.
"Public employees may not enjoy the very same privacy as employees in the private sector, but public employees have the same concerns about defamation, libel or slander, and they are just as affected by disrespectful conversations and speculation," she wrote.
(CBS Detroit) – An incredible moment caught on camera, Tuesday morning when all lanes of I-696 were closed at Coolidge in both directions as a man considered suicide.
This photo does show the work troopers and local officers do to serve the public. But also in that photo is a man s… twitter.com/i/web/status/9…—
MSP Metro Detroit (@mspmetrodet) April 24, 2018
The Michigan State Police came up with a clever idea to shorten the fall. Acting fast they organized a row of 13 semi truck drivers to remain in place under the bridge to shorten the distance the man would fall if he were to jump.
Police received the call around 1 a.m this morning that there was a man threatening suicide. Several local law enforcement agencies were on the scene along with negotiators.
After several hours the situation ended peacefully with the man walking off the bridge. He was then taken by police to Beaumont Hospital in Royal Oak for evaluation.
If you or a loved one is feeling distressed, call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline. The crisis center provides free and confidential emotional support 24 hours a day, 7 days a week for civilians and veterans.
Call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 1-800-273-8255 or text to 741-741.
© 2018 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Clayne Crawford is apologizing for his behavior in two past incidents that occurred on the set of Lethal Weapon.
Crawford, who stars as Martin Riggs on the Warner Bros. TV production, took to Instagram Tuesday to address the on-set incidents, both of which he revealed he was “reprimanded” for.
“It is true that I have been reprimanded twice during this past season of Lethal Weapon. The first reprimand was because I reacted with anger over working conditions that did not feel safe or conducive to good work under the leadership of a guest director and assistant director who, in turn, were angry at my response. I met with Human Resources, I apologized for my part of the conflict, and I completed studio-appointed therapy. I even shared a sizable portion of my paycheck with one of the parties involved per the instruction of the studio,” Crawford, 40, began.
He wrote about the second incident that took place on set of the drama series: “The second reprimand came during an episode I was directing. An actor on set felt unsafe because a piece of shrapnel from an effect hit him. It was an unfortunate event that happened in spite of all safety precautions and procedures being followed. I take responsibility for the incident because I was in charge of the set.”
Warner Brothers TV had no comment.
The actor continued by sharing that he has absolute “love, respect and care for my crew and cast, and would never intentionally jeopardize so many jobs. Moreover, I love the process of making film and television. I appreciate and respect the work of everyone involved. It takes a village. I am incredibly sorry if my passion for doing good work has ever made anyone feel less than comfortable on our set, or feel less than celebrated for their efforts.”
“Furthermore, I apologize to all the crew and cast for any negative attention Lethal Weapon is receiving because of these incidents,” continued Crawford, who said that he takes “great pride in treating everyone in life with dignity and kindness.”
Damon Wayans (L) and Clayne Crawford (R) on Lethal Weapon FOX via Getty
“I am very grateful for my job, and I work extremely hard at it. I feel a responsibility to do good work for my coworkers, for my family, for my home state, and most especially for the fans,” he said, and concluded, “I hope they will stick with me, and stick with the show.”
Want to keep up on the latest from PEOPLE? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox.
The series, which stars Crawford and Damon Wayans as Roger Murtaugh, “reimagines the hit movie franchise, as it follows classic cop duo Riggs and Murtaugh, who work a crime-ridden beat in modern-day Los Angeles,” according to Fox, and is currently in its second season.
Lethal Weapon airs Tuesdays (8 p.m. ET) on Fox.
