Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Bouncing back into the Premier League is getting harder with each passing year.
Albion only need to look down the road at Aston Villa's struggles if they need any proof.
A big club with a rich history and a large loyal following no longer guarantees you success in this division.
Ask Leeds United, too.
In 2016/17 there were more title winners in the Championship than the Premier League.
And before this season, five of the last six teams to be relegated from the top-flight remain out of it.
In 2016 both Burnley and Hull bounced back at the first attempt.
In 2017 Newcastle were the only team to immediately return.
But this year all three relegated teams struggled with Sunderland taking an even deeper plunge into League One after suffering the dreaded double-drop.
So what lessons can Albion learn from the teams who have failed to return?
Gregg Evans reports
Stability is crucial
As previously mentioned, five of the last six teams to be relegated from the Premier League have failed to return.
And guess what? All five changed managers in their first Championship campaign.
The Baggies decided that Darren Moore is the right man for the job going forward.
Middlesbrough thought Garry Monk was, too, but sacked him.
Sunderland went for Simon Grayson and sacked him.
Hull fancied Leonid Slutsky. Sacked him.
And Villa chose Roberto Di Matteo. You know what's coming.
The problem with changing managers is that the new guy wants his own team and that means further upheaval and change.
Just look at Villa. Di Matteo was given every player he wanted, yet his replacement, Steve Bruce, had to mould his own team to feel comfortable in charge.
Newcastle trusted in Rafa Benitez and he got them back up to the Promised Land. They're the only stand-out exception in recent years and the team Albion must now look to emulate.
Sign the right players
Okay, so that's easier said than done, isn't it?
But spending money for the sake of it isn't always the way forward.
When Villa signed Ross McCormack for £12m he was one of the most prolific, durable centre-forwards in the Championship.
He'd hardly missed a game for four years and had an incredible goalscoring record in the division.
But at Villa it hasn't worked. Could more have been done to avoid that?
Henri Lansbury is another. Signed for £3million in January 2017 when he could have arrived for nothing in the summer.
At Middlesbough, Martin Braithwaite and Ashley Fletcher were the big-money buys but they didn't work out for varying reasons.
Both expense mistakes.
It's why careful consideration will be needed this summer at The Hawthorns.
Of course Albion needs to know who's staying and going before the recruitment drive begins.
But Moore will need some expert advice from those around him as to who is best suited for this division and firing the club back to the Premier League.
When Newcastle won promotion they lost some of their key performers in Moussa Sissoko, Gini Wijnaldum, and Andros Townsend but recruited well.
Albion have lost Jonny Evans and Craig Dawson, Salomon Rondon and Jay Rodriguez are likely to follow
It's who they get in to replace them that will be key.
Sam Johnstone is a good start.
Go for goals
It's essential that Albion find a regular goalscorer next season.
Graham Dorrans and Chris Brunt were the go-to men last time they were in the Championship.
But it's the strikers who Albion will need, and once again that comes down to recruitment.
Rondon and Rodriguez are expected to leave so at least two replacements are needed.
The teams that score the most goals typically get promoted and a pre-season target of 80 goals is what most top-two aspiring teams should be aiming for.
Cardiff finished second with 69 goals this term but they had the joint-meanest defence, and let's be honest, Fulham bottled it on the final day of the season when they were head and shoulders above them by the end of the campaign.
Let the youngsters out on loan
Moore knows all about the kids at the club and has their best interests at heart.
As the previous loans manager - and the U23s chief - he also knows the benefits that playing regular first-team football will bring.
Some of the youngsters will have a chance to break into the Albion team but the majority will continue developing with the U23s.
It's crucial they go out on loan, though.
Jack Fitzwater benefited from a spell at Walsall last term as did Max Melbourne and Dara O'Shea.
Rakeem Harper and Jonathan Leko were sent out last term but need more game-time to get them ready.
If they are sent on loan for the first half of the season, they could potentially come back ready for the first-team in 2019.
Villa kept the likes of Callum O'Hare, Easah Suliman, Rushian Hepburn-Murphy and Keinan Davis at the club when they could have benefited from loan spells.
Next season they may need to turn to them.
Have a long-term plan
Villa spent big at the first attempt to get the club back into the top-flight.
But they sacked Di Matteo after 12 games and had to quickly re-evaluate.
The Baggies have put their faith in Moore so he needs the time to build his team and get the group firing.
It could take some time so careful and considered planning is essential in case it doesn't work at the first attempt.
Parachute payments will help, but as we're seeing with Villa this season, it becomes incredibly tough after two years in the Championship.
Planning for failure is not what Albion fans want to hear. They want immediate success, just like Villa and Middlesbrough did.
But now is the time for Albion to re-brand and create an identity for themselves.
It's taken Fulham three years to get back but they now play with a clear attack-minded approach and are attractive on the eye.
Foster latest
West Brom are in continued negotiations with Watford over the sale of Ben Foster - but are yet to agree a fee.
The clubs have been in discussions for the last few days after the Baggies turned down an initial £1m offer.
Reports suggest that was upped to £2.5m over the weekend but the actual fee is yet to be rubber-stamped.
The Daily Mail reckons Baggies have agreed to accept £4m but Birmingham Live understands at this stage that is premature - though £4m probably would tempt Albion.
It does seem that the goalkeeper's seven year stay at The Hawthorns is nearly at an end and it is possible a deal could be finalised over the weekend.
Albion have already found Foster's replacement, Sam Johnstone a £6.5m signing from Manchester United.
Open Daw
Craig Dawson is continuing to train with West Bromwich Albion's first-team, despite reports he had been ostracised in the wake of his Portugal training camp snub.
Dawson refused to fly to the Algarve last week in protest at the club's hardline stance, following rejected bids for him from Burnley and West Ham.
It was claimed, by some media outlets, that head coach Darren Moore had banished Dawson to the sidelines and ordered him to train away from the group.
But Birmingham Live understands Dawson and Ben Foster, who also opted out of Portugal, have trained with the rest of the squad since the players returned from the Amendoeira Resort on Sunday.
Phew!
West Bromwich Albion's pre-season friendly at Barnet on Saturday has been rearranged to avoid a clash with England's World Cup quarter-final.
The Baggies and The Bees were due to meet at 3pm, the exact same time as England's last eight encounter with Sweden in Samara.
But the match will now kick off at 12.30pm to allow both sets of fans to catch both games.
Free entry to the aptly-named ‘Bar 66' - located within Barnet's stadium - is available to all ticket holders keen to watch the England game.
Saturday's game is the first of five pre-season fixtures for the Baggies.
Albion are expected to sport their new home kit and hand a debut to goalkeeper Sam Johnstone, following his £6 million switch from Manchester United this week.
Batth linked
West Bromwich Albion have been linked with a shock move for Danny Batth ahead of the new season.
The Daily Mirror write that Batth could be a target for Wolves' fierce rivals, who are looking for defensive reinforcements following the exits of Jonny Evans and Gareth McAuley.
With Ahmed Hegazi and Craig Dawson also wanted by top flight clubs, Albion is in need of reinforcements in the centre-back department.
Batth, who battled with Ryan Bennett for a place in the Wolves starting XI last season, could find his game time restricted further in the Premier League.
poll loading Would you like Albion to sign Danny Batth from Wolves? 500+ VOTES SO FAR Yes No
Willy Boly has signed permanently and Conor Coady is set to retain his starting spot as Nuno Espirito Santo's men take on the top flight.
Our Wolves columnist Ryan Leister said: "I'd be very surprised if Danny made the move across the Black Country and not just because it's the old enemy.
"He's a popular figure within the club and let's not forget he's been the club captain for the last two promotions, so I'm not sure he's not going to give up on the club now they are finally back in the top flight.
"I'm positive he is more than aware that he'll face additional competition for places next term but for the time being, I'd say he'll keep his head down and take any opportunity when it's given."
Sean Parker isn't the only former Facebook executive to have second thoughts about products they've built and the influence they've had on society as a whole.
Chamath Palihapitiya, former vice president of user growth at Facebook, said during an interview at Stanford Graduate School of Business that he feels “tremendous guilt” for his role in helping Facebook become what it is today.
Palihapitiya concedes that Facebook's early creators kind of knew in the back of their minds that something bad could happen but the way they defined it was not how it turned out. According to Palihapitiya, it is literally at a point now where they've created tools that are ripping apart the social fabric of how society works. People need to hard brake, he said.
“The short-term, dopamine-driven feedback loops that we have created are destroying how society works. No civil discourse, no cooperation; misinformation, mistruth. And it's not an American problem — this is not about Russians ads. This is a global problem.”
Napster co-founder Sean Parker, who served as Facebook's founding president, echoed similar sentiments in early November. Parker said social media literally changes your relationship with society and each other, adding that it probably interferes with productivity as well. “God only knows what it's doing to our children's brains,” he added.
Antonio Garcia-Martinez, a former Facebook product manager, said in May that the company lies about its ability to influence users based on data it collects from them.
Palihapitiya said he believes Facebook overwhelmingly does positive good in the world but that he has decided to take the money he was paid and put it to use to focus on structural changes that he can control.
Team New Zealand are set to revolutionize sailing at the next America's Cup after today unveiling leg grinders in a world first.
Traditionally, grinders have always been powered by hand yet now, Team New Zealand has incorporated cycle like mechanisms to produce more speed and energy into the boat.
The boat reportedly features four grinding pedestals on each hull, designed to be less draining on grinders who have to provide hydraulic power to hoist the large wingsail.
The shift from traditional arm work for the grinders to the more explosive option of leg cycling is already being monitored closely by rivals, Sail-World.com reports, with an opposition spy boat on the waters yesterday to see the new 50-foot-catamaran.
Whether the innovation will provide New Zealand an edge on the water in this year's edition of the America's Cup in Bermuda is yet to be seen.
But the feature is a push towards an aggressive title charge after the 2013 debacle where Team Oracle USA caused one of the greatest come backs in the modern sporting era, winning 9-8 after the Kiwis held a lead of 8.
Investors wiped a combined $6 billion (€5.6bn) from the market value of Eli Lilly and its biotech partner Incyte after the US medicines regulator rejected their new arthritis medicine.
In a letter to the companies, the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) said it was unable to approve Baricitinib, and asked for more clinical data to clarify safety concerns and to determine what dose should be given to patients.
Analysts had predicted that Baricitinib would win US approval easily after European regulators gave it a green light. The once-a-day pill had been expected to generate more than $2 billion (€1.8bn) in peak annual sales by taking a share of the lucrative rheumatoid arthritis market, which is dominated by injectable drugs.
Shares in Lilly fell by as much 5.3 per cent in early trading in New York on Monday, before recovering slightly to trade 4.3 per cent lower. The price move wiped about $3.5 billion (€3.3bn) from the company's market capitalisation.
This was the second big shock in recent months for Lilly investors, coming after the group in November revealed that its experimental medicine for Alzheimer's had failed a late-stage clinical trial.
Royalties
The rejection was also a blow for Incyte, the biotech group that discovered Baricitinib before licensing the rights to Lilly. The company had been hoping to use royalties and other payments tied to sales of the medicine to fund the development of experimental drugs in its pipeline. Shares in Incyte fell by 11 per cent on Monday, reducing its stock market value by almost $3 billion (€2.8bn).
Lilly and Incyte said they disagreed with the FDA's decision, and would resubmit their application after discussing a timeframe with the agency.
“The timing of a resubmission is still to be determined, but for now we assume it will take at least 12 months, pushing back a US launch to potentially 2019 or later,” said Vamil Divan, an analyst at Credit Suisse.
The rejection was billed as a positive for AbbVie, which makes the world's top-selling arthritis injection Humira, and which is also developing a pill to rival Baricitinib. – Copyright The Financial Times Limited 2017
Malek Adly, lawyer and member of the defence team in the “Red Sea islands” case, said that his team has sent documents related to the Egyptian-Saudi maritime demarcation agreement to about 100 parliamentary members, along with documents of the court ruling they had received.
The documents included the first and initial verdict issued by the State Council in June which annulled the agreement and asserted Egyptian ownership of the islands, and the State Commissioner's Authority report that reaffirms Egyptian sovereignty over the islands, as well as the government appeal against the verdict.
On Sunday, the parliament said it would form a specialised committee to discuss the maritime demarcation deal. The announcement came after the cabinet approved the demarcation deal on 29 December. The cabinet has yet to forward the agreement to parliament to be put up for a vote.
Khaled Ali, a lawyer and plaintiff alongside Adly, filed a lawsuit on Saturday against the cabinet's decision. The lawsuit claims that the cabinet and parliament do not have the authority to approve the demarcation deal prior to the court's final ruling. Ali also argues that the Constitution prohibits the ceding of Egyptian territory.
Ali and Adly previously said the cabinet's approval of the deal is unconstitutional and violated the Administrative Court's initial verdict, which is the highest judicial entity in the country in accordance to the Constitution.
Contrary to the Administrative Court's initial verdict, the Urgent Matters Court refused an appeal against a previous court decision that rejected the annulment of the demarcation deal, validating the demarcation agreement.
The lawsuit in the Urgent Matters Court was filed by a citizen named Ashraf Farahat who relied on Article 11 of the State Council Law and Article 17 of the Judiciary Authority Law, both of which stipulate that the work and sovereignty of the judicial system cannot be interfered with.
On 8 April, the government concluded the demarcation deal that sought to transfer the sovereignty of Tiran and Sanafir to Saudi Arabia during an official visit by Saudi King Salman bin Abdulaziz Al-Saud. On 21 June, the State Council ruled to stop the agreement, and asserted the islands' Egyptian sovereignty. This is the only issued court verdict so far in the case.
Contact
Francis Guevara Icabalceta
***@pronicaragua.gob.ni Francis Guevara Icabalceta
End
-- A delegation from PRONicaragua will participate in the upcoming Global Automotive Components and Suppliers Expo 2017, one of Europe's most important events for the automotive industry. The event will be held in Stuttgart, Germany, from June 20to June 22Global Automotive Components and Suppliers Expo 2017 brings an opportunity for companies, suppliers and investors to generate leads and create synergies within the automotive value chain. International representations from as far afield as Korea, China, India, United Kingdom, and the United States are expected to participate in the event.In 2016 alone, Nicaragua's automotive harnesses manufacturing industry exported US$680 million, representing a 23 percent of the free zone system total exports. It is important to highlight that during the 2012-2016 period, this industry experienced a growth rate of 50 percent.Automotive harnesses export figures have increased at a very fast pace over the past few years, representing a 63 percent annual compound growth rate between 2002 and 2015. This is due to the expansion of Dräxlmaier (Germany) and Yazaki's (Japan) operations, the latter being the largest employer in the country with over 13 thousand employees.Currently, there are four auto parts manufacturing companies operating under the free zone system, which altogether have created roughly 15 thousand direct jobs and 45 thousand indirect jobs. World leaders, Yazaki and Dräxlmaier, abide by the ISO quality control certification and manufacture for international brands such as Chrysler, General Motors, BMW, and Volskwagen. Addtionally, Cega and Plastimaq, both from Mexico, mainly provide components for assembling and testing automotive harnesses.Although the auto parts manufacturing industry growth in Nicaragua has been driven by automotive harnesses, the country still offers an array of opportunities to produce other types of automotive components like floor mats and liners, seat covers, deflectors and other products that require labor intensive processes.Feel free to contact us if you want to arrange a meeting with PRONicaragua's team during the visit in Stuttgart, Germany.Write us at pr@pronicaragua.gob.ni
Since there are lots of people who are searching for this kind of service and have no idea where to find the best one, this site is surely the one you should consider the sooner the better. We are talking about the ideal spot ever, the one you can check out if you need certain car key replacement and do not have the time to do it. Forget about all that hesitation and delays today, just pick up the phone right now and you are going to get the outcome you could only dream about in the past. We are the finest ones out there, those that will help out whenever you lost the keys and need to get in or out of that residence. Effective lost keys made is now closer to you than ever before, so wait no more and check out this site the sooner the better to find the answer you could only dream about in the past.
There is nothing easier than just checking out this site, performing a couple of clicks and see on your own how simple it can now actually become. Nothing else can now stand on your way any longer, visit this site today and you are going to uncover the finest ignition repair investing none of your precious time and efforts. Our main goal here is offering the best and the cheapest car key replacement, leaving most of your worries and hesitation in the past throughout the years. Astonishing mobile locksmith services are now in here, closer than you could even imagine it before and easier to enjoy than you could even imagine before. The time has come to let experts make a working motorcycle key, code cutting keys, locksmith of any kind and even a great deal more.
Forget even about all that kinds of duplicate keyless entry troubles, getting exactly what you were looking for. No more hesitation can now stand on your way any longer, adhere to this site today, choose the right service you need and you are going to simply be shocked by the services you get and the price you will have to pay for it. Follow us today and you will never worry about other details and troubles that once stood on your way!
Cars Key Replacement
Remember the Total Meltdown security hole? Microsoft spread the vulnerability in every 64-bit Win7 and Server 2008 R2 patch released this year, prior to March 29. Specifically, if you installed any of these patches:
KB 4056894 Win7/Server 2008 R2 January Monthly Rollup
KB 4056897 Win7/Server 2008 R2 January Security-only patch
KB 4073578 Hotfix for “Unbootable state for AMD devices in Windows 7 SP1 and Windows Server 2008 R2 SP1” bug installed in the January Monthly Rollup and Security-only patches
KB 4057400 Win7/Server 2008 R2 Preview of the February Monthly Rollup
KB 4074598 Win7/Server 2008 R2 February Monthly Rollup
KB 4074587 Win7/Server 2008 R2 February Security-only patch
KB 4075211 Win7/Server 2008 R2 Preview of the March Monthly Rollup
KB 4091290 Hotfix for “smart card based operations fail with error with SCARD_E_NO_SERVICE” bug installed in the February Monthly Rollup
KB 4088875 Win7/Server 2008 R2 March Monthly Rollup
KB 4088878 Win7/Server 2008 R2 March Security-only patch
KB 4088881 Win7/Server 2008 R2 Preview of April Monthly Rollup
... your machine was left in an exposed state. Microsoft made changes to your PC that makes it easy for a running to program to look at, or modify, any data on your computer.
Security researcher Ulf Frisk posted details on March 27, giving the security hole the “Total Meltdown” moniker. That's in reference to the well-publicized Meltdown and Spectre security holes, which initially started this year's patching frenzy. All of these patches and repatches existed primarily to circumvent Meltdown and Spectre — two security vulnerabilities that, to this day, have never been spotted in the wild.
Keep in mind that Total Meltdown only applies to 64-bit versions of Win7 and Server 2008 R2 — and that it doesn't allow malicious programs to run on your machine, it “only” allows them to read or write data anywhere.
Microsoft responded on March 29 with a patch, KB 4100480, which plugs the Total Meltdown security hole but introduces all sorts of additional problems. See threads started by MrBrian and Susan Bradley on AskWoody. According to the KB article, that patch has been superceded by the two April Win7 security patches, released on April 10:
KB 4093118 Win7/Server 2008 R2 April Monthly Rollup
KB 4093108 Win7/Server 2008 R2 April Security-only patch
Both of those, in turn, were riddled with bugs. The Monthly Rollup, in particular, was so bad that Microsoft re-released it on April 12. But the new version kept installing and re-installing itself, even though Windows flagged it as already installed. If you get hit with that bug, the only solution at this point is to hide the update.
In the past couple of days, self-described “Hacker and Infosec Researcher” XPN has posted details of a working exploit that takes advantage of Microsoft's Total Meltdown security hole. The exploit code, updated yesterday, is available on GitHub. XPN also has a YouTube video showing how quickly it all goes by. Remember: This is code that can retrieve or change any data in memory from a running program. Before it kicks in, a would-be attacker has to get the program running on your machine. But once it's running, any program can get to any data on your machine.
On AskWoody, GoneToPlaid lays it out:
I looked at the proof of concept code posted on GitHub by XPN. No malware techniques whatsoever were required, except simply replacing tokens for EPROCESS with SYSTEM. Yet this is done after the code has already located all computer memory to read in less than a second. The code doesn't go through the process of actually reading the memory since XPN was merely showing everyone how quickly the code was able to gain access to all computer memory, and then to change the access rights to all computer memory.
As of this moment, I haven't heard of any active exploits that take advantage of the Total Meltdown security hole, but with working code so easily available, it's only a matter of time. A short amount of time, at that.
How to tell if you're exposed?
Step 1. Look at your Update History and see if you have any patches installed this year. (See the list at the beginning of this article.) No patches from 2018? You're off the hook for Total Meltdown, although you're exposed for the (few) other real security holes plugged this year.
Step 2. If you have any of the Windows patches listed above, look to see if you have KB 4100480, 4093108 or 4093118 installed. If any of those three are installed, you're fine.
Step 3. If you have one of the Total Meltdown-infected patches installed, and you haven't yet installed KB 4100480, 4093108 or 4093118, you're in for some interesting times. As best I can tell, you have three options:
Take Susan Bradley's advice and roll back your machine to its state before the patching insanity started in January. That's a massive, thankless task, and it leaves you exposed to the (few) real security holes plugged this year.
Download and manually install the KB 4093108 Security-only patch.
Use Windows Update to install all of the checked April Windows patches, including the KB 4093118 Monthly Rollup.
Be aware of the bugs in KB 4093108 and 4093118 (possible blue screen Session_has_valid_pool_on_Exit). In particular, note that Microsoft has removed the old requirement that your antivirus software give the go-ahead by modifying the QualityCompat registry key. It isn't clear if that's a move of desperation — designed to get this month's security patches pushed onto every machine — or if antivirus manufacturers have cleaned up their products so the old restriction no longer applies (as is the case with Windows 10).
By the way, there's a silver lining to this dreck-drenched cloud. You Win7 folks won't have any patches at all after Jan. 14, 2020 — a scant 21 months from now. Something to look forward to, amirite?
Questions? Hit us on AskWoody.
Contact
Matt DePinto
***@leearizona.com Matt DePinto
End
-- Two separate commercial land transactions totalling 19 acres, one in Scottsdale and one in Glendale, sold for a combined $6,294,390.Lee & Associates Principals Robert Kling and Dave Johnson negotiated both sides of each deal.An 11-acre parcel in the D.C. Ranch Corporate Center, 17492 N. 91st St., Scottsdale, sold for $4,350,000 or $9.10 per acre. The buyer was CH Realty VII_WPC, I Phoenix and the seller was SWVP DC Ranch, LLC, Scottsdale.A 8-acre parcel at the SEC of 107th Ave. & Northern Ave., Glendale was sold for $1,944,390 or $5.50 per SF. Swire Pacific Holdings, Inc., Draper, UTpurchased the property. AZ Investment, LLC, Omaha, NE, was the seller. This property will be used for an expansion for the Coca-Cola bottling plant in the Glendale Airport.ROBERT KLING | PRINCIPAL602.954-3751;bkling@leearizona.comDAVE JOHNSON | PRINCIPAL602.954-3745;djohnson@leearizona.comNow in our 26th year, Lee & Associates Arizona specializes in providing exceptional commercial brokerage services to the industrial, office, retail, investment, multifamily, and land sectors of the Phoenix commercial real estate market. The Phoenix office was established in 1991 and is now recognized as one of the most successful brokerage firms in the state. Each of our North American Lee & Associates offices has a strong local ownership combined with a powerful platform from the national Lee & Associates network.
DRUG PEDDLER CAUGHT IN BUY-BUST OPERATION!!! At around 11:30 o'clock in the evening of June 18, 2018, personnel of Panglao PNP led by PINSP GERONIMO...
High- speed- Train- With- Motion- Blur
Contact
Expotrade
***@expotrade.net.au Expotrade
End
-- With numerous projects proposed and underway across Victoria, value capture has emerged as an innovative strategy to fund major infrastructure works. As governments explore more efficient ways of funding critical transport works, the value capture mechanism provides innovative opportunities and new challenges for the Australian infrastructure sector.Value capture, a type of public financing that recovers some or all of the value generated by public infrastructure, has sharply risen in popularity with multiple projects utilising this style of funding for major works across Australia.The recent release of the Federal Government's discussion paper, 'Using Value Capture to Help Deliver Major Land Transport Infrastructure', highlights the increased interest of the funding mechanism in both the public and private sector.The paper shows how governments can ensure that value capture is not an additional tax, but a more efficient and fair allocation of benefits and costs.Under a value capture mechanism, a new piece of infrastructure such as a freeway or railway line creates economic value, such as the value of land near a new station will typically increase. Tapping into part of this value increase offers a source of funds to contribute towards the cost of the project.Value capture approaches can also be applicable for other types of infrastructure, such as health and education infrastructure. The ideas present an opportunity for governments to better leverage value increase as a means of funding the cost of infrastructure, while sharing the costs with those that benefit the most. Value capture places a greater focus on end benefits and public objectives which will lead to better infrastructure and services. Value creation is aligned to project funding as those who benefit most contribute to the infrastructure cost.There are proposals, such as the Consolidated Land and Rail Australia (CLARA) plan, to fund a high-speed rail link which would pass through Canberra, connecting Sydney to Melbourne, through value capture.The high-speed rail would give rise to more affordable housing in Australia by relieving the country's capital cities of the burden of growth, decentralising the population through faster transport into urban areas. Increasingly developed regional centres would also be a beneficial outcome of the high-speed rail.In funding the high-speed rail system, state and territory governments could collect funding through taxing or levying increases in values along the rail route, a funding source that would ease the public's cost burden for the project.The 9Annual Victorian Transport Infrastructure Conference 2017 will present a platform for stakeholders in the infrastructure sector to discuss value capture mechanisms in transport infrastructure funding. Paul Kenny, leader of Allens' government advisory practice, has extensive experience in advising government and private sector clients on commercial transactions, financing arrangements and major infrastructure projects. Paul will present at the Conference on funding transport Infrastructure through value capture, an innovative alternative funding mechanism.The 9Annual Victorian Transport Infrastructure Conference 2017 ( http://www.vicinfrastructure.com.au/ ) convenes on the 21and 22of March 2017 at the Melbourne Convention and Exhibition Centre.Expotrade is a global conference and event organizer with its head office based in Melbourne, Australia. Expotrade has delivered some of the largest, most successful B2B industry conferences and events in the areas of infrastructure, major projects, sustainability, technology & architecture. For almost 10 years, our unique blend of knowledge, experience and flexibility has accomplished an array of consistently top quality events. Today, Expotrade events enjoy such a distinctive edge, they are amongst the best patronised in the calendar.For more information, visit www.expotradeglobal.com
TIMMINS -
Spruce Needles Golf Club general manager Keith Grenke had a busy 48 hours as he cleaned up from what he describes as a "tsunami."
The course hosted the John P. Larche Charity Golf Classic on Saturday. Grenke and Bob Lavigne "worked tirelessly" to make that happen, said Patricia Goudrault, assistant executive director of the Timmins and District Hospital Foundation.
Goudrault expressed her thanks to the duo, who pumped water from the third hole and several sand traps after a deluge of rain last week.
"It would have been messy," said Grenke of the course.
The long hours of water pumping paid off, however, as about 100 golfers were able to take to the course for the fundraising tournament in support of the TADH Foundation.
Micheline and Luc Cloutier and Jean and Tanya Carrière took the theme seriously, coming to the course dressed in full retro.
"We're only teeing off the first hole," said Micheline Cloutier, dressed in a blue frilly pantsuit complete with high heels.
The group planned to change after, both for comfort and to keep the course safe from the spiked heels.
This year's funds were raised for the purchase of new mobile radiography units, Ann Donaldson told The Daily Press in July. The medical radiation technologist said the machines could be used in different departments if the patient isn't well enough to visit the radiology department.
She said the current mobile units are 24 years old.
"The new technology is digital, which means once the X-ray is taken, the image will be available at bedside for the technologist to view and for the doctor to view instantly."
The goal of Saturday's fundraiser was $100,000.
(Adds portfolio manager comment, updates prices to close)
* TSX ends up 44.02 points, or 0.28 percent, at 15,619.65
* Seven of the TSX's 10 main groups move higher
By Alastair Sharp
TORONTO, May 2 Canada's main stock index rose on Tuesday, helped by gains for several companies whose financial results exceeded expectations, including e-commerce company Shopify, and by gains for pipeline companies.
Enbridge Inc, Canada's largest pipeline company, added 1.2 percent to C$56.94 and TransCanada Corp, its second-largest, gained 1.4 percent to C$64.25.
Pembina Pipeline Corp rose 2.4 percent to C$43.04 after announcing on Monday it would buy smaller rival Veresen Inc in a C$9.7 billion ($7.1 billion) stock-and-cash deal.
The broader energy group fell 0.4 percent as oil prices fell to a five-month low.
E-commerce software maker Shopify Inc jumped 7.4 percent to C$113.94 after reporting a 75 percent jump in revenue and upping its full-year sales forecast.
"The earnings were great. It was the high end of guidance, then they raised guidance," Diana Avigdor, portfolio manager and head of trading at Barometer Capital Management said of Shopify. "There's lots of opportunity for market share growth there."
Colliers International Group Inc shares advanced 6.8 percent to C$73.24 after the commercial real estate company posted strong first-quarter results.
The Toronto Stock Exchange's S&P/TSX composite index closed up 44.02 points, or 0.28 percent, at 15,619.65.
Seven of the index's 10 main groups finished in positive territory, with financials and natural resource groups slipping.
Valeant Pharmaceuticals International Inc advanced 6.7 percent to C$14.11 after its CEO told shareholders the company is on track to repay $5 billion in debt by early next year.
Alternative lender Home Capital Group gained 11.4 percent to C$7.75. The company's stock has plummeted since a securities regulator last month accused top executives of hiding mortgage broker fraud from investors.
WestJet Airlines Ltd declined 3.2 percent to C$22.10 after reporting a 45 percent drop in profit and saying it would buy more jets, raising its capital expenditure. (Reporting by Alastair Sharp; editing by Grant McCool)
Your news how you want it.
On the go and no time to finish that story right now? Your News is the place for you to save content to read later from any device. Register with us and content you save will appear here so you can access them to read later.
Fior Markets Publish a New Market Research Report On – “ Real-Time PCR System Market 2017 Global Analysis and Forecast to 2022”. The Report Covers Industry Trends, Statistic, Segmentation, Growth, Market Share, Revenue, Leading Players, Region, Types and Application.
Download Free Sample report @ https://www.fiormarkets.com/report-detail/143450/request-sample
Real-Time PCR System market report issues the latest industry data and future trends permitting you to discern the products and end users driving Revenue growth and benefits. The industry report lists the leading competitors and provides the insights strategic industry Analysis of the key factors influencing the market.
The report includes the forecasts, analysis and discussion of important industry trends, market size, market share estimates and profiles of the leading industry Players.
Backed by extensive primary and secondary research, the report Global Real-Time PCR System Industry delivers valuable market insights. The report has been prepared using inputs from industry experts and features valuable recommendations from senior analysts. The report offers a comprehensive overview of the Global Real-Time PCR System industry.
The reports include market drivers, restraints, challenges, opportunities, investment potential, leading technologies, future roadmap, player profile, regulatory ecosystem, and strategies. The report also delivers market size forecasts for Real-Time PCR System Industry. The forecasts are further mentioned for the top segment of the Real-Time PCR System market. This report comes with several charts, graphs, and graphics to make it an interesting read.
Access full report @ https://www.fiormarkets.com/report/global-real-time-pcr-system-market-professional-survey-report-143450.html
The report is divided into product segment analysis, application segment analysis and regional segment analysis. Geographically, the global Real-Time PCR System market is designed for the following regional markets:
The industry research is disperse over the world which includes Real-Time PCR System market in the USA, Europe, Japan, China, India and South East Asia.
This report includes industry definitions and types, regions, Real-Time PCR System industry analysis like industry revenue, growth rate and price analysis, market share by players and regions, supply chain analysis, various company profiles, globalization and trade inclusive of business locations, supply channels, marketing strategy and barriers to entry, Import, Export, Consumption and Consumption Value by Major Countries.
Thus, the research study provides a comprehensive view of the global Real-Time PCR System market, offering market dimensions and evaluations for the period from 2017 to 2022, keeping in mind the aforementioned factors.
An occasional regular Friday feature.
This one's too easy, as we watch the resolutely anti-abortion, family-values Congressman Tim Murphy (R-PA) stumble toward the Rotunda steps and out the Capitol door following revelations that he had urged his mistress to get an abortion. It turns out she wasn't pregnant. But you can't be too careful, especially if you have a 100% anti-abortion voting record from the Family Research Council and don't believe in sex education in our schools.
The mistress was miffed, texting Murphy that “you have zero issue posting your pro-life stance all over the place when you had no issue asking me to abort our unborn child just last week.” She should have known better. Since Hester Prynne first sewed on her scarlet letter – or Julius Caesar divorced his irreproachable wife, Pompeia, because “she ought not even to be under suspicion” – these are decisions for men to make. And particularly, pompous political prigs who preach abstinence for women and indulgence for themselves.
Why are we not surprised by the hypocrisy? Remember when the House was busy impeaching Bill Clinton, and Newt Gingrich's squalid romantic history (“partially driven by how passionately I felt about this country”) came to light? Then Bob Livingston, Gingrich's designated successor as House Speaker, resigned when his affair came to light. A few years later, his successor, David Vitter, asked forgiveness for patronizing a prostitution ring. Ah, forgiveness. Gingrich is now in Rome where his wife is ambassador to the Vatican. Livingston is a member of the Louisiana Political Museum and Hall of Fame. Vitter is a U.S. Senator.
Remember when we believed that character mattered in our political leaders?
Not long ago I left New York City, my home of 39 years, to move to the heart of the Sonoran Desert. 20 feet from my door, I see urban palm trees, clay-tiled roofs, and mountains in all four directions. Richard Sandler's book The Eyes of the City is a souvenir of what I left behind: the assaulting reality of living in heavily populated urban spaces. The images, made in New York City and Boston, are an emphatic reminder of the sharp edges of humanity lurking around every corner. Richard's book is a journey that winds through 24 years of circumambulating airports, ferries, night clubs, up Fifth Avenue, down Madison Avenue, into the subways, inside and outside of political conventions and deep into the fraught core of civilization.
The Eyes of the City starts off with a timeless image made in New York City's Grand Central Station; perhaps a metaphorical location that exemplifies how coastal urban centers are gathering points where people of all social and cultural strata convene. The next image depicts the former World Trade Centers forebodingly poised atop the shadowed edge of a freeway. From here, we plummet into the darkness of the subways.
As we move from images of a bleak underground world to a photograph of light pouring onto a paperboy bemused by the crucifix hanging on his neck in a Boston train station, the radiant tenor of the photo is quickly dampened by the macabre window looming behind his head. This transitional photograph, cloaked in an air of deceptive tranquility, becomes the logical gateway to witnessing the characters and injustices of Richard Sandler's streets.
Because of the density of the spaces depicted in Richard's frames, tension is rife: for example, children and families are forced into uncomfortable proximity with the pornographic advertisements that were a pillar of pre-Giuliani Times Square in the 1980s. Bystanders become inadvertently complicit in a narrative they are unaware exists. No one is spared exposure in Richard's streets (not even my stern high school music teacher who I discovered on p. 55!).
Unlike many monographs made by street photographers, Richard's poignant sequencing and the use of juxtapositions in spreads highlights the interdependency of his images. While he may not have been consciously aware of their connection at the time of exposure, his photographs become part of a dense network of interrelated thoughts and political concerns. At times, the sequencing is delicate and quietly suggestive; at others, the photographs unsparingly pound us with unnerving particulars that distinguish living in a metropolis from all other ways of life.
Indeed, in The Eyes of the City there is a relentless need to show the polarity of class and race that on a daily basis is thrust upon urban-dwellers. Richard's unique photographic approach reveals his fierce compassion yet also his critical commentary; perhaps a result of frustration, he is occasionally damning of his subjects' inability to ford the gap of class, race, identity or politics. Still, the photographs don't always reveal his intentions or messages; some ambiguous moments left me feeling tense and at times sad, yet unclear if there was a single party to blame for the inequities. No matter, like a lot of great street photography, Richard's work is at once political, aesthetic, and emotionally stirring.
Richard, with small moments of exception, offers us a vision of the dire circumstances, the brutality, the fear, and the inherent realities of being an urban dweller. People in Richard Sandler's depiction of city life appear, by and large, to be surviving amidst cruel circumstances. The feelings are inescapable; even in the most forgiving of photos, the beautifully tritone-reproduced, thick black and white prints—rife with grit, grain and the texture of pavement and sooty subway surfaces—cast a pall of gravity over the scenarios. Whereas a street photographer like Garry Winogrand often adored his subjects or celebrated the inadvertent humor of life, Richard recognizes this levity yet rarely allows us to revel in it. Perhaps cities are just too exhausting. A feeling I quietly acknowledge as I close the book's covers and head out onto my front doorstep to gaze upon the desert mountains.
—Serge J-F. Levy
Writer's Postcript: After carefully studying Richard's book, I wanted to know why he still lives in New York City. He answered, "I don't. I live in Catskill, NY. The City has become far less interesting. If you're rich, you can still go to the best museums in the world. But you don't have to live there to take advantage of that. As the book was released, it coincided with me leaving New York. The book was my epitaph to my New York life. I'm just happy to get out, to be in nature more, and to be in the mountains."
The Eyes of the City
Richard Sandler
Foreword by Dave Isay, Afterword by Jonathan Ames
Published by powerHouse Books
Barnaby Joyce must be kicking himself for missing this ridiculously simple way to confirm he was a New Zealander.
The NZ government's website features a quick test entitled: "Check if you are a citizen." It also suggests you ask the Citizenship Office if you are still not sure.
The online test asks whether you were born in New Zealand or Samoa, or whether one of your parents was an NZ citizen when you were born. The latter is the case for the Deputy Prime Minister, whose father James was born in Dunedin on the south island.
This means Mr Joyce is a New Zealand citizen by descent, the short test confirms.
Advertisement
Barnaby Joyce could have verified he is a citizen using this simple test. Barnaby Joyce could have verified he is a citizen using this simple test.
You can register your citizenship and order a passport, the website suggests - but even if you don't, you are still a citizen.
Mr Joyce must have had a terrible sinking feeling when the link was emailed to his media adviser by Fairfax Media a week ago.
Today, he revealed in Parliament he may be a dual citizen and would refer himself to the High Court, and authorities in New Zealand have since confirmed the Nationals leader has dual citizenship.
Under NZ law, Mr Joyce's father was born a British subject in 1924, but became a New Zealand citizen when citizenship laws were introduced in the country in 1949. Mr Joyce was born in 1967.
The shocking revelation puts Malcolm Turnbull's majority government under threat. Not what your countrymen would call choice, Mr Joyce.
PRESS DIGEST- Financial Times - June 15
June 15 The following are the top stories in the Financial Times. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy.
JOHANNESBURG (miningweekly.com) – State-owned La Générale des Carrières (Gécamines) says it was forced to take legal action to dissolve TSX-listed Katanga Mining's Kamoto Copper Company (KCC) for failure to restore shareholders' equity within the legal time period.
The State-owned miner has initiated court proceedings to seek the dissolution of KCC in the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC), after Katanga failed to reduce billions of dollars of intercompany debt that has limited Gécamines' share of profits.
Advertisement
Gécamines holds a 25% interest in KCC.
Katanga, in which diversified miner Glencore holds a 65% interest, on Monday informed its shareholders that Gécamines had initiated the legal proceedings, but argued that KCC had made “numerous attempts” to engage in negotiations with Gécamines regarding a recapitalisation plant.
Advertisement
In response, Gécamines on Tuesday said the situation justifying a judicial dissolution has now persisted for more than ten years without any regularization, despite several warnings.
“The majority shareholders group implemented a policy that resulted in draining, to its own benefit, the treasury and the wealth of the joint company,” Gécamines said.
“Although for ten years, in accordance with the law, the company could have been dissolved and the mining rights recovered by Gécamines without any financial compensation, a form of management was perpetuated which severely harmed the interests of Gécamines and, more generally, the DRC, and which it is now critical to end.”
Katanga on Monday said it would continue to attempt to engage in discussions with Gécamines and would take all other necessary steps to ensure the continuation of the KCC operations and to protect its rights under the law and its joint venture agreement with Gécamines.
A court hearing is scheduled to be held in the DRC on May 8, on which the court may grant KCC six months to regularise the situation.
Norway PM Erna Solberg with the EU's chief Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier. File photo: Terje Bendiksby / NTB scanpix
How will Brexit affect non-EU EEA member Norway as well as the 27 remaining EU nations? Sign up for The Local's 'Brexit & You' newsletter.
On March 29th 2019 Britain will almost certainly leave the EU. Sign up to The Local's Brexit & You newsletter for the latest on how Britain's departure is affecting the EU's remaining 27 member states – and the Brits living in them.
Brexit & You will be your weekly guide to how the 27 remaining member states of the EU are preparing for the exit of one of the union's largest and most recalcitrant members.
Every Friday, multilingual correspondent Alex Macbeth will bring you weekly news and reflections from around Europe.
What we won't do is give you yet another take on the Brexit negotiations in Brussels (the latest round ended on Thursday, and was 'constructive' according to EU negotiator Michel Barnier), Theresa May's rows with her colleagues or Labour's attempts to paper over the cracks in its Brexit policy. What we will do is tell you how the rest of Europe is dealing with a situation that it didn't ask for, but is having to confront – and how Brits on the continent are managing.
And we're going to strive to make it constructive: Brexit might be bad news for many of us, but we're going to keep this practical and (mostly) non-whiny.
Below you can read the first edition. If you like what you read, sign up here to get it in your inbox every Tuesday.
Busting a move: A sneaky guide to cheating Brexit
The rights of British citizens in the EU and vice-versa are at stake in the Brexit negotiations. But how can Brits continue to live and do business in the EU after Brexit, regardless of the outcome?
Brits who didn't know what the European Union was before Brexit are going to find it much harder to discover the continent after.
Brexit melts away the privilege of moving seamlessly to and between Britain's estranged EU cousins.
If the awkward compound noun wasn't a term used to describe Britain's self-imposed European exile it could easily be the name of a toilet bowl cleaner or a Brazilian mining company.
Whatever it turns out to be, it will throw a spanner in the plans of 1.2 million or so Brits living in 25 Schengen states.
While nobody is getting kicked out of anywhere until at least 2019, Brits may well find they need to fulfil several conditions to haggle an invite to the European Union's free-for-all house party – the Schengen Zone – thereafter.
Phrasebooks, a taste for strange cheeses and basic differentiation of euro coins are enough to surf Europe now, but Brits are going to find their access to the continent heavily restricted after Brexit.
The worst news is it may yet take both sides of politicians in the Brexit negotiations another 18 months to decide who can live where and how.
Britain has suggested two-to-five-year residency terms for EU residents in the UK after Brexit; voices in the EU have said Brits may be able to obtain residency in one EU country but without the Schengen privileges of moving without a visa or a passport to another.
Some EU countries however are already actively recruiting British citizens. Estonia has launched How To Stay In, a website geared towards Brits with information on how to establish an EU company through the country's e-residence programme.
"The Brexit referendum led to a sharp increase in applications for e-Residency from the UK, with twice as much demand as before the referendum," Arnaud Castaignet, head of Estonia's E-Residency Programme, told The Local. "We currently have 1,307 e-residents from the UK," adds Castaignet. "We surpassed 1,000 in the week that Article 50 was triggered."
The British e-residents have so far established 103 companies in Estonia without having to relocate from the UK. Estonia's e-residency programme offers global citizens the opportunity to set up a company online for €100 and benefit from being able to trade as an EU company.
Online residency will help your goods reach Europe, but you yourself will only be there virtually as the program does not entail the right to actually live in Estonia.
Malta will however actually let you move to its warm Mediterranean shores, albeit for an annual fee of €15,000, or just over €41 per day.
Anybody wanting to move to the archipelago will need to either rent a place for a minimal annual value of €8,750 or buy an outright property at no less than €220,000, according to Zentura Ltd, a consultancy firm that facilitates applications for Maltese residency and citizenship.
If you have the money and are willing to spend it, most countries will offer residency, or even citizenship, as part of an investor program. Cyprus has allegedly been selling passports to pretty much anyone who can afford one, reported The Guardian, while Greece, Bulgaria, Croatia and Romania will all be happy to play host if you buy a house worth at least €250,000.
Or you could make a hefty investment; buy a second division football club or fund an innovative chain of hairdressers in your country of choice.
Don't fancy the hefty price tag or the bad hair days? Germany will give you a passport for a mere €255. But only once you've lived in the country for eight years.
Can Brexit help Sweden discover the next PayPal or TransferWise?
Sweden hopes to cash in on the fintech exodus from London.
One country's loss is another's gain. Stockholm has set its sights on picking up some of the fintech business that experts predict London is set to lose.
Cobcoe's report outlines several ‘services' sectors threatened by Brexit. Financial services, as well as back office data, call centres and data storage are key areas where the UK will have to realign fast or risk seeing key companies relocate to Europe from hubs such as London and Cambridge.
Fintech, or technology and software used to enable banking and financial services, is another. The UK is still the leader in the sector in 2017, according to a report by CBS Insights. But the same report warns that "fintech insurgents" could cash in on the UK's loss, with Sweden and France most poised to inherit sections of the financial technology market.
The Stockholm Fintech Hub is one such nascent player looking to wrestle business away from the UK in the highly-profitable start up sector. The 226 organizations in the Swedish fintech sector have attracted more than €750 million in funding already and employ more than 3,000 people, according to a recent post by Matthew Argent, founder of the Stockholm Fintech Hub.
"I have witnessed a seismic shift in activity within fintech in Sweden since we launched in February 2017," writes Argent. "The country's tech unicorns are putting the country on the map as a viable destination for investment and this is influencing the fintech sector."
Sum Up ready to pack up and leave London
Britain's fintech sector is nervous and some of the leading figures have already decided to relocate.
The founder of Sum Up, Daniel Klein, told Munich's Süddeutsche Zeitung he would be relocating the financial services provider from London to "elsewhere" because of fears about Brexit.
Sum Up, which employs more than 500 people, creates technology to authenticate chip card transactions (Visa, Mastercard etc). The company is UK-based and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA).
It operates in 31 countries and fears that with the UK out of the single market, it could lose its automatic access to many European markets and become a victim of regulatory divergence.
While London remains the fintech capital of Europe, with more than 1 billion invested into the sector alone in 2017, some of the 1600 or so companies that employ 60,000 people – according to the report – are beginning to fret about Brexit.
David Thomas of Cobcoe says talent must be protected in the Brexit negotiations because "if Europe loses this incredible pool of talent the damage to the economy is going to be immense."
German trade guru: "I doubt Brexit will ever happen"
If a German business expert is to be believed, then there'll be no need to learn Maltese or file tax returns in Estonian to live on the Costa Brava.
"Agh, Brexit, it is all verbal so far; I doubt it will ever actually happen," said Anton Börner, president of BGA, The Federation of German Wholesale, Foreign Trade and Services, calling a hard Brexit's bluff in an interview with German daily Die Welt.
Börner based his doubts on the endurance of the UK economy and the resistance of stock markets to Brexit speculation.
"Market leaders assume that Brexit takes place in politicians' speeches, but not in reality," added Börner. "Whatever comes will be strongly cushioned in order not to overwhelm the economy."
British Ambassador slammed by Brits in France over Brexit
The British Ambassador to France has been on the sharp end of criticism from UK citizens in the country, who aren't buying his reassurances over Brexit.
British envoy Edward Llewelyn posted a video on the embassy's Facebook page in an attempt to update Brits in France on the ongoing Brexit negotiations and to stress there was good news to report back on the progress being made.
But the reaction was overwhelmingly hostile:
"The intransigence of the UK government is making people ill, we are being treated like bargaining chips," one angry Brit commented, The Local France writes.
If you want to give your local British Ambassador a grilling, see the listings below for Embassy Brexit events (but before you get too angry, remember that diplomats are only doing the government's bidding!).
Brexit news on The Local this week:
France is cutting taxes on bankers to woo companies leaving the UK: France cuts taxes on bankers to woo Britain's Brexit leavers.
US bank Citi has applied for a licence in France for activities it plans to move out of the UK post-Brexit, according to an executive.
Anglo-Swedish drugmaker AstraZeneca has started making preliminary preparations for moving some operations out of the UK in the event of a hard Brexit, chairman Leif Johansson said this week.
Frankfurt could be one of the big winners of Brexit. We've put together some interesting facts about Germany's financial capital: 10 facts you probably didn't know about Frankfurt (even if you live there)
Brexit events to watch
Belgium
Brussels
Wednesday October 25th at 18:00-21:30
Practical Brexit II. A meeting to enable individuals to obtain some guidance on aspects of Brexit. Speakers include UK Ambassador Alison Rose
Language: English
Location: ING Auditorium, Avenue Marnixlaan 24, 1000 Brussels.
Organizers: Brussels British Community Association & British Chamber of Commerce in Belgium
Germany
Badan Badan
Thursday October 19th at 18:30-22:00Brexit - Ignorieren oder Reagieren (Brexit - Ignore or React?)
Language: German
Location: Hotel am Froschbächel, Henri-Dunant-Platz 2, 77815 Bühl.
Organizer: Small businesses association of the CDU / CSU (political organisation – centre right).
More info
Cologne
Friday November 17th, 18:00
Europäische Außen- und Sicherheitspolitik - nach dem Brexit (European Foreign and Security Policy, after Brexit)
Language: German
Location. Europäisches Dokumentationszentrum USB, Universitätsstr. 33, 50931 Köln
Organizer: Europe Direct, Köln.
More info
Königswinter
October 12th at 19:00–20:30
Brexit means Brexit, a lecture in cooperation with the association for the partnership between Königswinter and North-East Lincolnshire.
Language: German
Location: VHS Siebengebirge (College), Königswinter
Organizer: VHS Siebengebirge
More info
Sweden
Örebro
October 25th, 15:00
How you're affected by Brexit, a seminar on how companies with relations with the UK will be affected by Britain leaving the EU.
Location: PwC, Fabriksgatan 47, Örebro
Language: English
Organizer: PwC Örebro
More info
Netherlands
Various Locations
Open Forums for British nationals in the Netherlands, hosted by the British Embassy:
Language: English
Organizer: British Embassy, The Hague.
Rotterdam – October 5th
More info
Maastricht – October 10th
More info
Eindhoven – October 10th
More info
Arnhem/Oosterbeek – October 19th
More info
Amsterdam – October 24th
More info
Norway
Stavanger
November 15th, 8:30am
Global morgen: Brexit. A talk by Espen Aas, NRK's London correspondent.
Location: Sølvberget, Stavanger kulturhus, Sølvberggata 2, Stavanger.
Language: Norwegian.
Organizer: Internasjonalt Kulturnettverk, Sølvberget
More info
Denmark
Copenhagen
November 23rd, 17:00
EU, Europa, Alternativet, UK Og Brexit (The EU, Europe, Alternativet, the UK and Brexit)
Language: Danish
Organizer: Alternativet (The Alternative, a green political party)
More info
Hobro
December 5th, 19:00
Brexit v Casper Pedersen
Language: Danish
Organizer: VU (Venstres Ungdom) Mariagerfjord (local youth section of the Danish Liberal Party)
More info
Do you know of a Brexit related event in the EU 27 that The Local should know about? E-mail james.savage@thelocal.com.
If you would like to continue receiving the Brexit newsletter please sign up here.
THCClean is the ultimate cheat sheet for THC detox and passing drug test. This blog is the right destination for all those people, who prefer to smoke cannabis during their free time, and thus, look for the effective methods to get weed out of their system fast.
Despite the fact that marihuana, which is also known as cannabis, weed, THC, grass, hashish, etc., is officially referred to as the most dangerous addictive drugs, which may ruin the life and health of its consumer, nowadays there're lots of opinions as well as confirmations showing that moderate consumption of this grass may provide lots of benefits as for our health as for our creative thinking and productivity. Therefore, there're lots of people, who like to enjoy cannabis in order to get relaxed as well as to restore their strength, while relieving stress and strain.
Still, there're many circumstances, when we can be required to pass a urine drug test, while proving that there's no THC in our urine. As a rule, this test is scheduled in a testing facility, allowing us to prepare for it. This test may show the presence of THC in our system, if we've smoked marihuana just one time 10 days before test.
Actually, there're many different options that will allow you passing this test securely. The most common options include flushing the body and use of adulterants or synthetic urine instead of your own. In case you are looking for precise instructions about how you can pass your drug test or simply look for the most convenient method to detox, you can read the blog of Sophie, who've made the comprehensive review of all the existing options enabling those, who opt for cannabis to pass their drug test. In such a way, the most effective methods, recommended by Sophie, incorporate the usage of Toxin Rid along with drinking, eating, exercising and sweating a lot in order to fasten the metabolic process, while getting rid of toxins. There're also other useful advices you can find on THCClean.net.
About THC Clean:
THC Clean is an informative blog, which was designed for those, who want to eliminate any traces of THC in their urine and pass the drug test successfully, while smoking marihuana once in a while. This website also provides the useful hinds for all those, who are addicted to this drug, and so, look for the proper solution to eliminate this addiction.
Contact:
Company: THCClean
Contact Name: Sophie Becker
Address: 113 N Lane
Email: sophiebecker114@yahoo.com
Phone: +1(343)-8772039
Website: http://thcclean.net/
Send us your prom pictures!
Last Updated: April 24, 2018 at 12:34 pm
Send us pictures of your young ones heading off to prom. Remember to include their full names, grade and what school they go to. Email editorial@manninglive.com.
The Crawley Town Supporters' Alliance (CTSA) will now have representation at CTFC Board Meetings.
The initial agreement will be in place for the 2017/2018 season and 2018/2019 seasons.
The CTSA will make a financial donation of £8K in total, for the two seasons, which is within the means of the CTSA and fits with the Aims and Objectives of the Alliance.
The Fan Representative will be elected by CTSA members at the AGM on November 22 2017.
Any existing member of the CTSA may put themselves forward for nomination as the Fan Representative, by October 28, 2017.
All nominations will then be voted on by the members of the CTSA at the AGM and the Fan Representative appointed.
The role and appointment will then be reviewed annually at the CTSA AGM.
The Fan Representative will attend all Crawley Town FC Board meetings and will also be a Board position on the CTSA to enable a clear and open transfer of information to the CTSA and its members. In addition, the Fan Representative will be invited to attend the SAG (Safety Authority Group) Meeting held at the beginning of the season and subsequent Club meetings throughout the season.
CTSA chair Caroil Bates said: ""We have been in talks with the Club for over six months on this issue and are extremely pleased that an agreement was made, which will benefit not only the supporters but the Club, too.
"This has always been in the Aims and Objectives of the Supporters' Alliance. Transparency and openness is key between any club and its supporters. The Fan Representative will be attending Club Board Meetings and will also be a CTSA Board Member, to enable the transfer of information to and from supporters.
"Going forward, this is an extremely positive step for both the CTSA and Crawley Town Football Club.
"We look forward to receiving the nominations before October 28."
Ireland has a new world-cup trout champion. Geoffrey Hylands from Banbridge, Co Down, took the crown after five days of competitive angling at the fly angling championships on Lough Mask, near Ballinrobe in Co Mayo.
Now in its 61st year, the event is widely regarded as the premier competition in the world. This year, 468 anglers competed, including those from Canada, US, Scotland and the four corners of Ireland.
Speaking to the large gathering at Cushlough Bay, chairman Billy Burke welcomed all competitors to Ballinrobe, to the boatmen for their contribution, to the many sponsors for their support and to the hard-working committee without whom the event could not take place.
Master of ceremonies Denis Kelleher, on behalf of the world committee, presented John Paddy Burke of Burke's Boats and “Anglers' Fancy” fame, with a token of appreciation for his 40 years of sponsoring boats for the championships.
Of course, JP's involvement goes back the full 61 years when, along with his father and brothers, they acted as boatmen. “There were no engines at that time, just oars. For the first few years, the event attracted about 150 anglers and it was said: ‘This competition won't last long.' How wrong they were,” he said.
This was followed by a minute's silence for those who had passed away during the past year.
Fishing over the five days could best be described as extremely difficult with a fish of about a pound (0.45kg) sufficient to qualify for finals day.
Although the weather was perfect, the daphnia feeders in the deep failed to materialise to any great extent. Instead, the bigger fish, although scarce, were to be found in the shallows.
With four fish, Hylands brought into play the rule whereby only three fish are allowed to be despatched. Fourth and subsequent fish must be measured and verified by boatman and fishing partner, and returned alive.
An estimate of the weight is taken against the length and is joined with the weight of the three weighed fish. For the record, only four anglers caught four fish over the five days!
“I've fished the world cup for 20 years and my best position was 15th. I'm absolutely delighted with the win today. All my fish were caught at the river outlet close to Shaw's Bay. I would like to thank my boatman Laurence Gibb and friend Joe Curran who tied the winning flies, a Claret Dabbler and Green Hopper,” he said.
For his efforts, the winner was presented with a cheque for €3,000 (sponsored by the world cup committee); a 15hp Yamaha engine (from RS Marine and world cup committee); Sage fly rod and reel (from Gowen and Bradshaw) and the world cup silver perpetual cup.
Cloghans angler Seamus Kelly also enjoyed his world cup. Having qualified on Thursday, he went on to catch two fish on finals day, one of which was the heaviest over the five days, a beauty of 1.5kg (3.314lb). Together, his catch placed him in second position overall.
The championships are the main event on the trout angling calendar and very important to the Ballinrobe area, bringing in hundreds of anglers and friends each year. Congratulations to chairman Billy Burke and his committee for organising these magnificent championships. Roll on next year!
Results: 1, G Hylands (Ulster), 4f, 4.8610lb; 2, S Kelly (Connaught), 2f, 4.5820lb; 3, C Cahill (Leinster), 2f, 2.7160lb; 4, G Teggart (Ulster), 2.64lb; 5, B Stanfield, 2f, 2.294lb. Best lady angler, Mary Miller from Galway and best junior, Darragh Faherty, also from Galway.
Angling projects to receive €2m
The Minister with responsibility for Inland Fisheries, Sean Kyne, had secured €2 million funding for angling projects and conservation initiatives. The three funding streams, under the supervision of Inland Fisheries Ireland (IFI), will help ensure Ireland's fish stocks and angling infrastructure are protected and improved into the future.
The funding will be distributed in the following manner: Salmon conservation – €500,000; midlands fisheries – €50,000, and national strategy for angling development – €1,500,000.
Applications are now invited for funding for projects such as fisheries habitat enhancement and sustainable development works to marketing and promotional projects for angling.
Regional information workshops will be held to give participants a better understanding of the various funding streams and how they can apply via an online system.
Those interested in attending are asked to RSVP to funding@fisheriesireland.ie, to find out locations and their preferred choice along with their name and contact details. Closing date for applications is Friday, October 13th.
IFI chief executive Dr Ciaran Byrne, said: “While the National Strategy for Angling Development funding stream focuses on improving angling access, the Salmon Conservation Fund and Midland Fisheries Fund re-invest the contributions of anglers into valuable initiatives with a view to promoting the recovery of salmon stocks and habitats and supporting sustainable development works in the Midlands respectively.”
Lough Melvin Trout Championships
Entries are still being accepted for the Lough Melvin Trout Championships. There is a fantastic array of prizes including first prize of two 19ft lake boats plus two pieces of Galway Crystal.
Without delay, please send entry form plus fee of €110 without boat and engine, €55 with boat, to Joseph Gilroy, c/o Garrison PO, Co Fermanagh BT 93 4AE by Thursday, August 17th. Tel: +44 7725 606 588 or email, joegilroy@hotmail.com.
angling@irishtimes.com
Jakarta governor eyes run off despite blasphemy charge
Financial Times
Already a subscriber? Sign in here
PERTH (miningweekly.com) – Oil and gas major Santos and its joint venture partners in the Gladstone liquefied natural gas (GLNG) project, will invest more than A$400-million on the 137-well Arcadia gas project, in the Bowen basin.
Santos said on Thursday that the A$400-million Arcadia investment was in addition to the A$900-million being invested in the upstream developments in the Maranoa, Western Downs, Central Highlands and Banana regions of Queensland this year.
Advertisement
Santos MD and CEO Kevin Gallagher said that the Arcadia gas project would create up to 300 construction jobs and local business opportunities in the Central Highlands region, helping to sustain and boost the benefits of Santos' and GLNG's earlier investments.
“This initial phase of the Arcadia development will at its peak deliver in excess of 75 TJ/d to the gas supply for the GLNG project. This is great news for both the domestic gas market and our LNG exports.”
Advertisement
The decision to sanction the project follows a successful 13-well pilot programme, which tested changes to the planned well design and operating philosophy.
“We have reduced our connected well costs in Queensland by more than 70% since 2015 to become Australia's lowest cost onshore operator,” Gallagher said.
"If you want to put downward pressure on gas prices, reducing the cost of supply is a good place to start. Santos will apply our low-cost operating model, and a well design and water management approach tailored for the Arcadia field, to extract more gas for less money,” he added.
The project will involve drilling 137 new wells and constructing a 140 km gas and water gathering network, two 4G communication towers, a new compression station, a 4 Mℓ/d water treatment plant, a 5 MW gas-fired power station, and associated roads and infrastructure.
Queensland Mines Minister Dr Anthony Lynham said the investment further fixed capital investment in the state's A$70-billion LNG industry, and demonstrated ongoing confidence in Queensland as a resources investment destination.
“The construction jobs are particularly welcome, as will be the royalties that will flow to future Queensland Budgets to help fund doctors and nurses in hospitals and teachers in schools. This is also good news for landholders, who have to date benefited from more than A$387-million paid in compensation.”
The Queensland Resources Council (QRC) has also welcomed the investment by Santos and its GLNG partners, with CEO Ian Macfarlane saying it was another example of the resource sector delivering jobs and responsibly unlocking gas.
“Part of the enduring benefit for Central Queensland of this project is two new 4G towers to improve reception and reliability for the whole community – another example of the opportunities the gas industry has created for regional Queensland,” Macfarlane said.
“Queensland is a leading example when it comes to government and industry working together for the benefit of all. I congratulate Santos and its GLNG partners along with the government on this significant investment into regional Queensland.
If the public finds it difficult to follow the Byzantine legal case that has enmeshed Independent News & Media (INM) in recent weeks, try being the judge.
Mr Justice Peter Kelly, president of the High Court, appeared to almost reach the end of his tether with the whole thing yesterday afternoon, as a slew of interested parties addressed him seeking access to the court papers.
“We have to put some order on this,” sighed the judge. “We can't have people popping up all over the place.”
A bewildering array of lawyers stood before him representing various people seeking the grounding affidavit of the Office of the Director of Corporate Enforcement. The ODCE wants High Court inspectors appointed to INM over allegations of poor corporate governance and a major data breach.
At one stage, 18 barristers were in court, a sea of black gowns and white collars facing up at the judge. Another dozen solicitors jotted down notes.
Many of those whose data was allegedly breached, including PR company Red Flag's chief executive Karl Brophy and former INM journalist Sam Smyth, were represented.
Others to address the court included Tom Mallon, barrister for former INM chief executive Robert Pitt, who sparked the investigation by complaining to the ODCE about the alleged conduct of INM's former chairman Leslie Buckley, after becoming dissatisfied with how his complaints were handled internally.
Mallon, said his client was especially interested in obtaining the submission of former INM director Jerome Kennedy, to whom Pitt had originally complained in 2016.
“We are keen to know what he is saying,” said Mallon.
Redactions
ODCE's barrister, Neil Steen, said the corporate watchdog generally has no objection to releasing the papers. INM's barrister, Shane Murphy, agreed, subject to INM's solicitors redacting material that was either legally privileged or irrelevant to each of the parties concerned.
Donagher had asked McAleese to tell the judge that he was in court and wanted the papers, but he had no lawyer there to represent him
Mr Justice Kelly worried aloud that these bespoke redactions could make the case so difficult to follow that it could become akin to a “Chinese opera”.
He also worried that some information that had already been publicly aired could end up being excised.
“You can't unring a rung bell,” said the judge.
At one stage, the judge adjourned the case for 20 minutes to allow the various parties to consult. When we returned, Smyth's lawyer, Simon McAleese, told the judge that he had just bumped into former INM company secretary Andrew Donagher, whose data was also allegedly breached.
Donagher had asked McAleese to tell the judge that he was in court and wanted the papers, but he had no lawyer there to represent him. Mr Justice Kelly beckoned Donagher forward, and dealt with him gently. The former INM executive, dressed casually in jeans and a jumper, quietly confirmed he also wanted the papers.
Mr Justice Kelly also addressed McAlesse, reminding him that he, too, was also named in the affidavit: “I assume you will want the papers too?”
A lawyer for The Irish Times then addressed the court.
“What is The Irish Times doing here?” queried the judge.
The paper said it, too, wanted the papers. The judge said he would deal with the request at a later date if the newspaper decided to make a formal submission.
During a lunch break, INM's lawyers gathered in the pub in the bowels of the Four Courts complex that was once known – aptly in this case – as “the Pitts”. They carried with them the boxes of evidence being sought by the various interested parties.
Once proceedings finished – the case is back before the court on May 9th – a senior solicitor for INM, from McCann Fitzgerald, wheezed as he helped to haul the boxes of evidence out of the court.
“In my day,” he said, “we would have gotten a junior clerk to do this.”
A lawyer's work is never done. . .
A damaged mosque and remains of buildings are seen following a security campaign against Shi'ite Muslim gunmen in the town of Awamiya, in the eastern part of Saudi Arabia August 9, 2017. Security forces have been trying for three months to flush out...more
A damaged mosque and remains of buildings are seen following a security campaign against Shi'ite Muslim gunmen in the town of Awamiya, in the eastern part of Saudi Arabia August 9, 2017. Security forces have been trying for three months to flush out gunmen behind years of attacks on police in the small town of around 30,000 that has been the center of protests by minority Shi'ites against the Sunni government. REUTERS/Faisal Al Nasser
Close
Everything happens for a reason.
It took me until the end of my sophomore year at Lehigh to fully understand what that quote meant to me. It took me just as long to embrace it.
When I started freshman year, I was incredibly excited and eager to learn more about myself. I was starting a brand-new chapter of my life, getting a chance to meet new people and finally experience “the best four years of my life.”
After orientation and the first week of classes, I became friends with girls in my classes and my hall. But it never felt the same as being with friends from home. I felt as though I was alone while I watched my friends thriving at their colleges from their posts on social media.
When freshman year came to a close, I was overwhelmed. I knew my classes would be challenging, but I had no idea how many sleepless nights I would endure. The amount of stress I put on myself to do well in my classes was unbearable, not to mention the burden of trying to find my place at Lehigh. I was just going through the motions. I didn't belong.
I was extremely scared to introduce myself to new people throughout the year. My fear of rejection took control. My true self would scare people away, I thought. Overthinking things became the norm.
Those fears affected everything else like a domino effect. My focus in class slowly faded away. I barely talked to my high school friends about how I was feeling and lied about the fun I was having at college.
In high school, I had my close group of friends to depend and lean on for support. At Lehigh, I struggled to find my place — it seemed like everyone else found theirs so quickly and I was trying to catch up.
But time passed. During finals week, one of my best friends from home was explaining a huge fight she had with her friends at school. She needed my guidance.
That moment gave me a whole new perspective on how I was approaching life at Lehigh. Rather than feeling sorry for myself and guilty for not fitting in, a new thought came to mind.
I couldn't keep forcing myself to be friends with everyone.
I had to be realistic. Most importantly, I had to be myself. “Everything else will fall into place,” I thought. I just had to give it time.
I realized I have control over my own life. If something doesn't go how I hoped it would, I shouldn't be afraid to be proactive and make a decision on what to do.
When I came back in the spring, I was ready to realign my focus on what was best for me instead of worrying about what everyone else thought. I felt so alone when reality said otherwise.
As a junior, I'm much more thankful for my first-year experience than I thought I would be. Newfound confidence is the sole reason for the charismatic, happy and positive person I am today.
Nothing brings me greater joy than seeing someone I know and saying hello in the hopes that I made their day a little bit better.
I know the future has many new adventures in store for me. Juggling school work, friends, family and getting involved with the Lehigh community all take a great amount of patience to keep a balance between it all.
We live and learn through our mistakes. Nothing is ever as perfect as it seems — we're always going to have our setbacks and failures. What's important is that we keep living and learning, no matter what obstacles lie ahead.
We're always going to have best and worst days.
Tomorrow is always a new opportunity.
Everything happens for a reason.
—
Kate Morrell, '19, is an associate photo editor for The Brown and White. She can be reached at kbm219@lehigh.edu.
Ireland has a new world-cup trout champion. Geoffrey Hylands from Banbridge, Co Down, took the crown after five days of competitive angling at the fly angling championships on Lough Mask, near Ballinrobe in Co Mayo.
Now in its 61st year, the event is widely regarded as the premier competition in the world. This year, 468 anglers competed, including those from Canada, US, Scotland and the four corners of Ireland.
Speaking to the large gathering at Cushlough Bay, chairman Billy Burke welcomed all competitors to Ballinrobe, to the boatmen for their contribution, to the many sponsors for their support and to the hard-working committee without whom the event could not take place.
Master of ceremonies Denis Kelleher, on behalf of the world committee, presented John Paddy Burke of Burke's Boats and “Anglers' Fancy” fame, with a token of appreciation for his 40 years of sponsoring boats for the championships.
Of course, JP's involvement goes back the full 61 years when, along with his father and brothers, they acted as boatmen. “There were no engines at that time, just oars. For the first few years, the event attracted about 150 anglers and it was said: ‘This competition won't last long.' How wrong they were,” he said.
This was followed by a minute's silence for those who had passed away during the past year.
Fishing over the five days could best be described as extremely difficult with a fish of about a pound (0.45kg) sufficient to qualify for finals day.
Although the weather was perfect, the daphnia feeders in the deep failed to materialise to any great extent. Instead, the bigger fish, although scarce, were to be found in the shallows.
With four fish, Hylands brought into play the rule whereby only three fish are allowed to be despatched. Fourth and subsequent fish must be measured and verified by boatman and fishing partner, and returned alive.
An estimate of the weight is taken against the length and is joined with the weight of the three weighed fish. For the record, only four anglers caught four fish over the five days!
“I've fished the world cup for 20 years and my best position was 15th. I'm absolutely delighted with the win today. All my fish were caught at the river outlet close to Shaw's Bay. I would like to thank my boatman Laurence Gibb and friend Joe Curran who tied the winning flies, a Claret Dabbler and Green Hopper,” he said.
For his efforts, the winner was presented with a cheque for €3,000 (sponsored by the world cup committee); a 15hp Yamaha engine (from RS Marine and world cup committee); Sage fly rod and reel (from Gowen and Bradshaw) and the world cup silver perpetual cup.
Cloghans angler Seamus Kelly also enjoyed his world cup. Having qualified on Thursday, he went on to catch two fish on finals day, one of which was the heaviest over the five days, a beauty of 1.5kg (3.314lb). Together, his catch placed him in second position overall.
The championships are the main event on the trout angling calendar and very important to the Ballinrobe area, bringing in hundreds of anglers and friends each year. Congratulations to chairman Billy Burke and his committee for organising these magnificent championships. Roll on next year!
Results: 1, G Hylands (Ulster), 4f, 4.8610lb; 2, S Kelly (Connaught), 2f, 4.5820lb; 3, C Cahill (Leinster), 2f, 2.7160lb; 4, G Teggart (Ulster), 2.64lb; 5, B Stanfield, 2f, 2.294lb. Best lady angler, Mary Miller from Galway and best junior, Darragh Faherty, also from Galway.
Angling projects to receive €2m
The Minister with responsibility for Inland Fisheries, Sean Kyne, had secured €2 million funding for angling projects and conservation initiatives. The three funding streams, under the supervision of Inland Fisheries Ireland (IFI), will help ensure Ireland's fish stocks and angling infrastructure are protected and improved into the future.
The funding will be distributed in the following manner: Salmon conservation – €500,000; midlands fisheries – €50,000, and national strategy for angling development – €1,500,000.
Applications are now invited for funding for projects such as fisheries habitat enhancement and sustainable development works to marketing and promotional projects for angling.
Regional information workshops will be held to give participants a better understanding of the various funding streams and how they can apply via an online system.
Those interested in attending are asked to RSVP to funding@fisheriesireland.ie, to find out locations and their preferred choice along with their name and contact details. Closing date for applications is Friday, October 13th.
IFI chief executive Dr Ciaran Byrne, said: “While the National Strategy for Angling Development funding stream focuses on improving angling access, the Salmon Conservation Fund and Midland Fisheries Fund re-invest the contributions of anglers into valuable initiatives with a view to promoting the recovery of salmon stocks and habitats and supporting sustainable development works in the Midlands respectively.”
Lough Melvin Trout Championships
Entries are still being accepted for the Lough Melvin Trout Championships. There is a fantastic array of prizes including first prize of two 19ft lake boats plus two pieces of Galway Crystal.
Without delay, please send entry form plus fee of €110 without boat and engine, €55 with boat, to Joseph Gilroy, c/o Garrison PO, Co Fermanagh BT 93 4AE by Thursday, August 17th. Tel: +44 7725 606 588 or email, joegilroy@hotmail.com.
angling@irishtimes.com
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
With a record-breaking Premier League campaign hanging on Derby County's shoulders in 2008, a different approach was seemingly needed to move the club forward.
The Rams managed just 11 points over 38 games during the 2007-08 campaign, and were relegated back to the Championship after one season.
A major rebuilding job was on the cards, and Paul Jewell shipped out 16 players and brought in a further 13.
It wasn't just the senior side being reshaped. The youth set-up also went through its annual turnover.
One of the youngsters to come in was French-born midfielder Arnaud Mendy.
After making 12 appearances for FC Rouen - a fourth-tier French side - at the age of just 17, Derby snapped him up to join their Under-18 ranks.
WHAT WAS SAID AFTER MENDY JOINED
(Image: Katherine Burnett)
A year after Mendy's arrival, Derby confirmed they would create an Under-21 development team to compete in a reserve league.
Mendy had been playing for the Academy Under-18 side in his maiden season in England, but it was hoped he could make the step up to Under-21 level.
The club opted for the Reserve League as part of an experiment aimed at bringing players through to the senior squad. Could Mendy be one of these?
Rams chairman of football, Adam Pearson, said at the time: “The manager (Nigel Clough) is creating an under-21 development team that will play in the reserve league.
“We are going to be signing two or three promising young players on short-term contracts.
“They are lads who have a chance and it is with a view to seeing how they progress in the development team.”
Mendy, along with Mark O'Brien and Aleksandar Prijovic, were the high hopes for the reserve set-up.
It never quite materialised…
HIS TIME AT PRIDE PARK STADIUM
(Image: Matt Alexander)
After joining Derby's Academy from FC Rouen, Mendy eventually showed enough to play his way into first-team contention.
It all started well enough, and in the pre-season ahead of the 2009-10 Championship campaign, the youngster announced himself on the big stage.
In front of a crowd of more than 23,000 people, the then 19-year-old struck an acrobatic last-gasp equaliser in a 2-2 friendly draw with Stoke City.
Mendy had only been on the field a few minutes but followed up Paul Green's volley with a close-range bicycle kick.
That appearance followed starts against Arnold Town, Belper Town, Torquay United, Matlock Town, Burton Albion and Alfreton Town in pre-season. He scored against both Belper and Matlock.
Nigel Clough, Rams boss at the time, was clearly impressed with what he had seen.
“He had just played on Thursday and Friday evening and came on to get us the equaliser,” he said.
“He is just the sort of lad who wants to play football seven days a week. He is 19, very, very honest and strong for his age.
“That's why he is in and around the first team.”
‘I hope to make it into the first team. That is my aim'
On the back of that impressive cameo against Stoke, Mendy was hopeful he could kick on to become part of the first-team set-up.
“I am happy to have been given a chance in pre-season,” he said.
“If the gaffer gives me a chance, I hope to make it into the first team. That is my aim.
“I am very happy with the goal, even though I was only on the pitch for three minutes.
“I think Derby will be back in the Premier League next season.”
(Image: Matthew Harrison)
Mendy stayed in and around the first team for the start of the 2009-10 campaign, making the bench for the season-opener against Peterborough United and – after some impressive performances in the reserves – again in Derby's 6-1 hammering at Cardiff City.
Four days after that Cardiff drubbing, the French-born midfielder would make his one – and only – competitive first-team appearance in a Derby shirt.
Mendy went on as a late substitute in a 3-0 victory over Sheffield Wednesday at Pride Park.
Just a month after that – October 2009 – Mendy was sent out on loan to Grimsby Town.
As with Derby, he would make just one appearance, playing in a 2-0 home defeat to Rochdale. He was sent back early.
“Neil Woods has taken over at Grimsby and he wants to give the lads up there a chance, so he has sent Arnaud back to us,” said Clough.
“He cannot play for us until his 28 days are up, though he can play for the Reserves.”
Another loan spell loomed in March 2010, but a deal to join Rotherham United fell through. Mendy continued to ply his trade in the reserves, and helped the Rams to the League Central Division title at the end of the 2009-10 season.
That prompted Tranmere Rovers, then a League One side, to come in and take him on loan in September 2010.
‘He's big, strong and athletic'
Mendy became an instant hit when he scored the winning goal on his debut to defeat Peterborough 1-0.
After joining on an initial one-month loan, Tranmere extended that by a further eight weeks.
“Arnaud did well for us in his first month,” said Rovers boss Les Parry. “So I'm pleased to be able to keep him at the club.
“He's big, strong and athletic, likes a tackle and is comfortable on the ball, so he's a good player to keep hold of.”
A dozen league appearances later – 11 of them starts – and Mendy returned to Pride Park Stadium.
Time was called on his Derby career in May 2011, as he was released by Clough.
WHAT HE'S DONE SINCE
(Image: PA Archive)
Mendy went on to join Macclesfield Town, following his departure from the Rams, signing a one-year deal.
He impressed in his maiden season at Macclesfield, making 33 appearances and scoring three goals as his new employers were relegated from League Two.
After a further 14 appearances in the Blue Square Premier, Mendy opted to join league rivals Luton Town on loan, with a view to making the deal permanent in January.
‘He holds a great presence'
Mendy had played for Macclesfield against Luton earlier on in the season and, despite being on the wrong end of a 4-1 defeat, his performance clearly caught the eye of Hatters bosses Paul Buckle.
“Anyone who saw earlier in the season will remember what an excellent performance Arnaud put in, despite being on the losing side,” he said.
“He holds a great presence in the middle of the park, he can pass and shoot and isn't afraid to get stuck in.
“Arnaud is the kind of player who can get games by the scruff of the neck and make things happen.”
After a 24-game spell with Luton, Mendy was released and picked up by Lincoln City, also of the Conference, in February 2014. The initial deal, until the end of the season, was then extended for a further year after impressing in seven appearances.
Thirty-one games, and one goal, during the 2014-15 season weren't enough for Mendy to earn another contract at Sincil Bank. He was released by Lincoln.
Non-League Whitehawk was the next stop for Mendy – two years after boss Steven King had initially tried to sign him.
“I have been after Arnaud for two years since I came to the club,” King told the Argus.
“I have been talking to him for a while. He was always one of my number one targets but was someone I just couldn't get. However, now I have got him.
poll loading Should Arnaud Mendy been given more of a chance at Derby County? 0+ VOTES SO FAR Yes - I would have liked to see more No - he wasn't first-team material
“He is a good athlete, a strong, holding midfielder.”
The following summer and Mendy was one of nine Whitehawk players to be released.
He moved to league rivals Hemel Hempstead Town and made 18 appearances, before heading to Maltese side Naxxar Lions in September 2017.
‘Stability in the centre'
Another release followed in January of this year – and a return to Whitehawk materialised.
“He gives us more presence in midfield,” said King on Mendy's return. “He is strong, he wins headers, he wins tackles, he can pass.
“He did well for us when he was here last time and I've worked with him at Macclesfield.
“He has got a chance of bringing some stability in the centre of the pitch.”
Mendy made 10 appearances until the end of the season as Whitehawk suffered relegation from the National League South.
King has since left his position as boss – and means Mendy could be on the move again.
FA CUP PEDIGREE
When you hear the name ‘Arnaud Mendy', the first thing that springs to your mind isn't necessarily the FA Cup.
But the French-born midfielder certainly has enjoyed his highlights in England's most prestigious competition.
During his time with Macclesfield, he scored arguably the goal of the third round in the 2011-12 campaign as his unfancied side held Bolton Wanderers to a 2-2 draw.
Mendy received the ball, with his back to goal, on the edge of the box. He took a touch up in the air, span and sent a right-foot volley into the top corner.
It was a peach. If you don't believe us, you can see for yourself below.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
More underdog success came for Mendy while in his first stint at Whitehawk.
In December 2015, the National League South Hawks travelled to then-League Two outfit Dagenham & Redbridge in the FA Cup second round.
Mendy played the full 90 minutes as his side snatched a dramatic 1-1 draw – with Jordan Rose's header in stoppage time making sure their name was in the hat for the third round.
The midfielder impressed once more in the replay – again playing the full 90 – as Whitehawk just came up short.
A 3-2 home defeat denied them a trip to Goodison Park to play Everton.
A MYSTERY ILLNESS
(Image: AFP)
Rewind to Mendy's time at Macclesfield – and shortly before that FA Cup wonder goal.
The midfielder, 21 at the time, had three international excursions to Africa, reported The Telegraph.
After the second trip, he was said to be sidelined for six weeks, spending an entire week in bed due to picking up a “mystery illness”, after failing to take all of his inoculations.
Mendy was in bed for a week in September after returning from international duty with Guinea-Bissau, just two months after his release by Derby.
But he came back strong from that setback and picked out the top corner against Bolton in just his fifth start for his new club.
“I came back and I was ill for six weeks,” he said. “It's all sorted now and I got my first cap against Togo.
“I will go and play for my country again and now I'm back fit and happy.
“Hopefully I'll get a run in the team now because I'm working hard every day. I don't score a lot of goals but I thought it was going in from the moment I hit it.”
FAN COMMENTS
Do you remember much of Mendy as a youngster at Derby – or did you see him in action for the Academy during his time here?
Leave a comment below with your stories.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Rani Mukerji Talks About Her Comeback After Motherhood
"It was great. My journey into motherhood and coming back to work was amazing, because as a professional you don't realise how much you miss your work, unless you take a break."
Motherhood Is Beautiful, Says Rani!
"The experience of becoming a mother for the first time was just beautiful. After that, when I got back on set, I felt, ‘oh my god, I just belong here', because suddenly everything just came back."
East Vs The West
"In the West, there is no discrimination between actors and actresses, they can go ahead, get married, have babies, and have a parallel work life. In India, strangely, women are pushed to get married late and have a baby. They want actress to be single for a longer period of time, which is strange because our heroes get married early, they have children and continue to work."
The Times Are Changing!
"But I think times are changing. It is our responsibility as actors to encourage actresses to get married early, have children and still pursue their career," Rani Mukerji summed it up to the Indian Express.
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
Donned in their mightiest Avengers-inspired outfits, lucky Marvel fans were able to meet Doctor Strange (Benedict Cumberbatch), Nebula (Karen Gillan) and director Joe Russo via live videoconference straight from Singapore.
“All of you are fantastic—that reception, the noise, the energy in that room—we may be looking at a TV screen which is a bit cold but it properly warms up when you guys are on it so thank you,” enthused Cumberbatch.
Hardly able to contain their excitement over the most ambitious superhero crossover film to date, “Avengers: Infinity War,” the Marvel Studios Fan Event—mounted in cooperation with SM Cinemas and Walt Disney Co. Philippines—was the biggest of its kind held locally.
Everyone the packed SM Megamall theater were actively involved in sending that highly energized greeting, questions, as well and as character impersonations of their favorite Avengers character in front of Cumberbatch, Gillan and Russo.
“Marvel fans are the best fans in the world, thank you guys so much for such a warm welcome, get ready, get excited, if you've been invested in the Marvel Universe for the last 10 years, this is it, this is the big finish, and a big, big excitement to watch because you'll get to see all your favorite characters together, so have fun with it,” said the movie's director.
As Avengers: Infinity War opens nationwide today, fans may continue to take the movie experience on their mobile phones with the new augmented reality feature of the SM Cinema App, where they can search and collect coveted Infinity Stones around SM Cinema branches in exchange for special Avengers: Infinity War prizes.
More Videos
2:37 Chandler Hutchison: "We're just not making shots."
2:51 On the road with the Boise State basketball team
2:11 Nick Duncan: "I love my team and they always have my back."
1:38 Leon Rice believes Air Force has "an energy and effort level that is uncommon"
2:04 Nick Duncan: "One of these days, I'm going to get the ball rolling."
1:55 Chandler Hutchison's toughness is "a reflection" of Boise State basketball
1:12 Paris Austin's move to the bench has sparked Boise State
2:01 James Reid is never afraid of the big moment
1:37 At 22, Boise State basketball's Matt Grooms still lives at home. And he's OK with that
1:34 Boise State basketball rescued itself from "Death Valley"
1:40 Chandler Hutchison still believes in the Broncos
Book 3 of the Figurehead Trilogy - Pack of the Ages brings closure to a journey. Book three centuries and a love which will last forever.
Pacific Book Review
Contact
Nicole Sorkin, Pacific Book Review
***@pacificbookreview.com Nicole Sorkin, Pacific Book Review
End
--From the seafaring mind of author Rock Lambert, the third and final book in his trilogyhas just been released by publisher Createspace."Delivering a creative and compelling finale to his adventurous historical fiction series, once again, embarks with readers on the continuing voyage of this supernaturally-fueled tale of undying love, hell-bent vengeance, seaworthy action and adventure."Lambert has found his calling in his creative novels, as he said during a recent interview, "I served in the U.S. Navy for a time, and it allowed me to witness firsthand the true power, beauty, and fury of the open sea. But ever since I was little, I've always been drawn to stories of the old sailing ships and pirate legends." He continued, "Choosing the subject for my story was easy; I knew it would be a story which involved the sea and the ships of old. But adding a large wooden figurehead that was haunted and then building the entire story around it? That was something I found that made the story really interesting and unique."embodies a strong theme of romanticism, especially self-sacrifice for the one you love. Readers will easily be swept into the historical setting, the seafaring fight scenes and the touching yet tragic romance of the story. Initially, the reader is beguiled by the mystery of the figurehead and the chilling supernatural overtones of the overall story, but what one stays for is the palatable emotions, bloody battles and the intense showdown between good and evil, entangled in two different timelines, but ultimately connected.Author Rock Lambert grew up in Hollywood, California, and the Pacific Northwest, but he's relocated to Southern Oregon, living in Klamath Falls with his wife, Loreen, and their Chihuahua, Lily. Inspired by his ongoing admiration for tall ships, the untamed sea, and the skillful sailors of yesteryear, theis Lambert's first collection of novels.Review on Pacific Book Review:Figurehead Book 3: Pact of the AgesRock LambertCreatespace261Historical Fiction
The strange case of the Russian dossier got even stranger this week with a new report from the Guardian raising a name from the seamy side of Clinton past. A “second Trump-Russia dossier” has been turned over to the FBI, the Guardian reported. The second dossier was compiled by Cody Shearer, who the Guardian identifies as a “a controversial political activist and former journalist who was close to the Clinton White House in the 1990s.”
That's putting it mildly. Shearer in fact has long been linked to the sleaziest aspects of the Clinton operation, mainly through his close relationship with Clinton confidant Sidney Blumenthal. Longtime observers of the Clinton ecosystem know that when Cody appears, Sid Blumenthal is not far behind. A ceaseless schemer, Blumenthal was so offensive to the Obama White House that he was banned from an official role at Mrs. Clinton's State Department. But that barely slowed him down. As documented by Judicial Watch and others, Blumenthal was a constant presence by Mrs. Clinton's side during her State Department years.
Blumenthal and Shearer are connected to a global network of intelligence and military freelancers. They played a dangerous game meddling in Libyan affairs after the fall of Muammar Gaddafi. They supplied intelligence to Secretary of State Clinton in the weeks leading up to the Benghazi debacle and pitched deals to make money off the Libyan turmoil. ProPublica reports at length on the Blumenthal and Shearer's Libyan efforts here. According to Judicial Watch's reporting, during Mrs. Clinton's State Department tenure, Blumenthal also promoted African business deals and meddled in European Union elections.
As for Shearer, he has a long history of dirty tricks. He's been linked to Whitewater-era efforts to dirty up Bill Clinton critics; to shakedown politics involving the Cheyenne-Arapaho Indian tribe; and to fronting for Bosnian Serb butcher Radovan Karadzic. Read more about it here and here.
The Guardian reports that the new Shearer document makes some of the same allegations about Mr. Trump as the original Christopher Steele dossier, including “lewd acts at a five-star hotel” in Moscow. It also notes that Steele passed on the Shearer report to the FBI in October 2016, but would not vouch for its accuracy. That's worth pausing over.
According to the Guardian, Steele provided “a copy [of the Shearer report] because it corresponded with what he had separately heard from his own independent sources.” If the reporting here is accurate, that's quite a coincidence—that Cody Shearer and Christopher Steele were hearing the same things from different sources at pretty much the same time. A closer look at timelines and sources might be revealing. If Sid and Cody are behind the original Russian dossier sources, that would be big news indeed.
AMC52-QI duplex EZ-Lock™ connector makes cable installations faster than ever
End
-- Bridgeport Fitting's AMC52-QI EZ-Lock duplex cable connector is a new addition to Bridgeport's family of quick-install fittings. Contractors simply snap the duplex connector onto the cable, squeeze the lever and set into the knockout. The lever action also allows for easy, quick removal.No tools are required with the AMC52-QI duplex connector and the Bridgeport solution takes a fraction of the time to install compared with traditional AMC-style connectors.Bridgeport's patent-pending, cETLus Listed AMC52-QI quick-install connector is made of zinc-plated steel, and is used to connect two 14/2 to 10/2 (.43" - .59" diameter) AC/MC/MCI-A/HCF/HCFMCI-A/MC-PCS cables or two 3/8" FMC cables to a box or enclosure. The solution is a perfect alternative for prefab and lighting whips.The AMC52-QI EZ-Lock connector is one of Bridgeport's latest additions to the" – Bridgeport's completely stocked selection of quality electrical fittings and innovative product solutions available from major electrical distributorships across the U.S. and Canada.To learn more about the AMC52-QI E-Z Lock system, click here For information about Bridgeport's other solutions that help contractors become more productive on the job site or in the shop, contact: Bridgeport Fittings, Inc.,705 Lordship Blvd., Stratford, CT 06615; Tel: (203) 377-5944; Fax: (203) 381-3488; or visit Bridgeport's website at http://www.bptfittings.com
Police searching for missing Portadown man Norman Prentice have discovered a body in the Corcrain area of the town today (Saturday, February 3).
At this stage no formal identification has been made but, police said the family of Mr Prentice have been informed.
A police spokesman said: “Earlier today, during our search for missing person Norman Prentice, a body has been recovered from the river in Corcrain.
Whilst no formal identification has taken place at this stage, Norman's family have been informed and are receiving as much support as we can give them at this tragic time.
“The family and ourselves would like to thank you for the overwhelming show of public support, sensitivity, and encouragement since January 15th. It is also important to recognise the immense contribution from the Community Rescue Service, the dive team, Lough Neagh Rescue, the locally organised search, the numerous departments and teams who have carried out enquiries”
He said police had worked tirelessly over the past few weeks to find answers for the Prentice family.
He also issued an appeal for sensitivity from all concerned at this difficult time: “We would ask that this sensitivity and respect for the family continue, and that people remember how public social media is when discussing this tragic incident.
“Please refrain from any speculation or gossip, especially on social media, and allow the family the time and space they need.
“The thoughts and prayers of officers and the command team in Craigavon are with the Prentice family at this time. We shall continue to support them for as long as they need.”
The Yaris is likely to be offered in three variants and two transmission options, with prices starting from Rs 9 lakh.
The Toyota Yaris is set to be launched in a few weeks from now. Toyota is still mum about the exact launch date, but some reports suggest the mid-size sedan will launch on April 24, while more recent reports predict a May 19 launch date. Dealers have already started accepting bookings with the token amount of Rs 50,000. But how much is Toyota likely to price the Yaris at? Scroll down to the table below for our estimate.
Toyota had showcased two variants of the Yaris at the Delhi Auto Expo 2018 in February - V and VX, both of which are loaded with some segment-first features such as tyre pressure monitoring system, front & rear parking sensors, 8-way adjustable driver's seat, roof-mounted rear AC vents, all four disc brakes and 7 airbags. To achieve a competitive starting price in the C-segment, we expect a slightly feature-stripped variant named G or GL. Related: Toyota Could Offer Automatic Transmission On All Yaris Variants
Only available with a petrol engine, the Yaris is expected to be the first car in the mass market to offer a 6-speed manual and 7-speed CVT transmission from the base variant itself. Toyota will be gunning for the Honda City so prices are likely to be in close vicinity of the City. The City's prices start from Rs 8.71 lakh but the Toyota's base variant is likely to pack more features. A starting price of Rs 9 lakh makes sense. Also Read: Toyota Dealers Start Accepting Bookings For Yaris; Launch Expected In April 2018
Variant
Prices in Rs (CVT)
G/GL
8.99 lakh (10.20 lakh)
V
11.30 lakh (12.50 lakh)
VX
12.60 lakh (13.85 lakh)
Toyota touts the Yaris as a premium offering. Hence, expect even the base variant of the Yaris to be loaded with a fair amount of goodies, which then would justify the price premium. But will Toyota pull a surprise with an introductory price cheaper than the Honda City? We'd love to see that!
Here's how the prominent petrol opponents of the Yaris fare in terms of pricing. Related: Toyota Yaris Specs Comparison: Verna, City, Ciaz & More
Hyundai Verna
Honda City
Maruti Ciaz
1.4L MT E- 7.79 lakh
S MT- 8.71 lakh
Sigma- 7.83 lakh
1.4L MT EX- 9.10 lakh
SV MT- 9.74 lakh
Delta- 8.27 lakh
1.6L AT EX- 10.55 lakh
V MT- 9.99 lakh
Delta AT- 9.43 lakh
1.6L MT SX- 9.76 lakh
V CVT- 11.72 lakh
Zeta AT- 9.94 lakh
1.6L MT SX (O)- 11.42 lakh
VX MT- 11.84 lakh
Zeta- 8.92 lakh
1.6L AT SX (O)- 12.56 lakh
VX CVT- 13.02 lakh
Alpha- 9.48 lakh
ZX CVT- 13.70 lakh
Alpha AT- 10.63 lakh
ZX CVT Anniversary- 13.74 lakh
This Story has not been edited by ABP News. It has been published through cardekho.com feed directly.
Index Markets Research offers a detailed research on Global Automotive Leaf Springs Market with the future prospects of the market to provide the current state and emerging trends in the market. The report covers methodical outlook by considering aspects such as market growth, market demands, business strategies, consumption volume, market trends and industry cost structure during the forecast period 2018-2025. New vendors in the market are facing tough competition from established international vendors as they struggle with technological innovations, reliability and quality issues. The Prominent Manufacturers included Jamna Auto Industries, Rassini, Hendrickson, Olgun Celik, Dongfeng Motor, Sogefi, Sogefi, IFC Composite, Fangda, Fawer, RSA, Shuaichao, Eaton Detroit Spring, Chongqing Hongqi, Hubei Shenfeng, NHK Spring, Leopord, Mitsubishi Steel, Shuangli Banhuang, Standens, Owen Springs, Hayward, Hunan Yitong, Anhui Anhuang, Shandong Fangcheng, Zhengzhou Xinjiaotong, Jiangxi Automobile Leaf Spring, Eagle Suspensions.
The Automotive Leaf Springs Market report includes a brief on these trends that can help the businesses operating in the industry to understand the market and strategize for their business expansion accordingly. The research report analyzes the market size, industry share, growth, key segments, CAGR and key drivers. In this part, the report presents the company profile, product specifications, capacity, production value, and 2013-2018 market shares for each company. Through the statistical analysis, the report depicts the global total market of Automotive Leaf Springs industry including capacity, production, production value, cost/profit, supply/demand and import/export. The total market is further divided by company, by country, and by application/type for the competitive landscape analysis.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-automotive-leaf-springs-market/10157/#requestforsample
The Automotive Leaf Springs Market report gives a description of the competitive nature of the market, market shares, and its growth rates based on 5-year history data along with company profile of key players/manufacturers. The Porter's Five Forces model and the SWOT analysis are also a fraction of this study so as to assist businessmen in recognizing the spirited background of the market. This is The market report integrates a study of the investment charisma of the market, and the end consumers have been standardized based on their general attractiveness, rate of development, and size of the market.It provides overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost, revenue, volume delivered (in kilo tons) and the income it produces (in US$), demand and supply data (as applicable). The research analysts provide an elaborate description of the value chain and its distributor analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Automotive Leaf Springs Market Products Type Segmentation : Mono Leaf Springs, Multi Leaf Springs.
Automotive Leaf Springs Market Applications Segmentation : Passenger Cars, Light Duty Vehicles, Medium & Heavy Duty Vehicles.
Key Highlights of the Automotive Leaf Springs Market :
1) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
2) Analyze the opportunities in the market for stakeholders by identifying the high growth segments.
3) It depicts parameters such as production value, capacity in a statistical format that is accurately fathomed by the readers.
4) Strategically analyze each submarket with respect to individual growth trend and their contribution to the market.
5) Strategically profile the key players and comprehensively analyze their growth strategies.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-automotive-leaf-springs-market/10157/#inquiry
In the conclusion, The Automotive Leaf Springs market downstream consumer analysis, upstream raw materials, different types of equipment are concealed in the report. Research findings, conclusions, industry feasibility analysis, vendors and traders involved, appendix data and figures in the form of tables, graphs, and pie-charts.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Minister of Agriculture Damien O'Connor has told 1 NEWS he believes there is more than a 50 per cent chance that the Government's planned eradication of Mycoplasma bovis will be successful.
The minister met with more than 800 frustrated farmers in Ashburton last night at a meeting hosted by Federated Farmers. He said farmers understand that there's still risk involved, but being free of the disease was still worth a shot.
"We've got to give it a go. New Zealand has done a lot of things that other countries haven't done before. I think it's better than a 50 per cent chance. Yes we're facing tough times individually, but I think most of them understand why we're eradicating. And this is a goal worth achieving," he said.
But the Government's $880 million strategy has been met with anger by others, with many at the meeting criticising MPI's lack of communication, and delays in obtaining test results.
The tests themselves have also been questioned.
Prebbleton farmer Gary Burgess had all his cows leave his farm today, despite the entire herd testing negative for the disease.
MPI had traced his cows back to an infected property.
"Everybody tells us that the testing is crap. Fonterra says the milk test, it doesn't work. Fed farmers say the testing, doesn't work," Mr Burgess said.
The farmer says he will now consider whether to continue with farming.
Mid Canterbury has been particularly hard hit by the disease, with many recent conversions.
NORTHPORT, N.Y. (AP) — Authorities say a woman arriving at a Long Island court to answer a marijuana possession summons was smoking pot when she parked her vehicle in the local police chief's spot.
Newsday reports that the 26-year-old woman had been ticketed in May for unlawful possession of marijuana. Police say she was arriving for her court appearance in Northport on Monday night when she cut off an unmarked police car in the parking lot while talking on her cellphone.
Police say she then pulled into the parking spot clearly marked as reserved for the village's police chief, Bill Ricca. He says when the officers asked the woman to roll down her window, pot smoke billowed out.
Police issued the woman another appearance ticket for unlawful possession of marijuana. She was also ticketed for using her cellphone while driving.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
A BID to protect President Emmerson Mnangagwa from being insulted has landed a Zanu PF activist in trouble after he was convicted of assaulting an MDC-T supporter in Mvurwi yesterday.
Godfrey Museba (46), of plot 47 Gem Farm in Mvurwi, will now spend the next 12 months doing community service after he was convicted by Guruve resident magistrate Shingirai Mutiro of assaulting MDC supporter Saida Kangombe.
According to court papers, on June 22 at around 10am at Gem Farm compound, Mvurwi, Kangombe was on his way to his party's meeting, when Museba confronted him, accusing him of being an opposition supporter.
Museba charged at Kangombe, ordering him to support Mnangagwa and all hell broke loose when the complainant told the convict that it was his constitutional right to support a party of his choice.
Quizzed by the magistrate on why he assaulted the complainant, Museba said he did so because Kangombe insulted Mnangagwa.
The accused assaulted Kangombe using open hands. His medical report was produced in court as evidence. Museba was slapped with 12 months community service, three of which were suspended on condition of good behaviour, while the remaining nine (315 hours) were commuted to community service at Early Worm Primary School.
The magistrate said the sentence would send a strong warning to would-be perpetrators of political violence in Guruve district ahead of the July 30 polls. Newsday
By Jennifer Dann
TV1 sports presenter and former Silver Fern Jenny-May Clarkson is an ambassador for the World Masters Games opening in Auckland and the Waikato this weekend and is competing in the triathlon with her husband Dean despite her fear of open water.
1 What was your childhood like, growing in the King Country town of Piopio?
Mum and Dad ran the local takeaway bar. Dad's in his 80s now and still drives the school bus. Mum's in her mid-70s and still picks blueberries and does lots of voluntary work. I don't know anyone who works harder than Mum. She loves helping people. I'm the youngest of six kids. My older brother Charles died of meningitis at 10. I can vividly remember the moment he passed. He woke up in mum and dad's bed screaming in pain and just died. Now that I've got my own children I can't even fathom what Mum and Dad went through. One of my sons is named after Charles although we call them by their Maori names, Te Manahau and Atawhai.
2 You only speak te reo to your 1-year old twins at home. Did you grow up speaking Maori?
No. We lived just below the marae and as kids were always up there running around and getting told to go and do the dishes.
I knew my Maori culture but felt on the outer because I didn't have the language. I had this deep sense of shame. So I went back and learnt in my mid-30s. There was a lot of blood, sweat and tears because as an adult you feel dumb and vulnerable but it was life changing. I've worn the Silver Fern, I've travelled the world but nothing else beats it. I want my boys to be able to walk in both worlds.
3 When did you decide you wanted to become a police officer?
Ironically it was when I got in trouble with the police at age 13. I stole some stuff from the shop next door. My parents were beside themselves. We had to go to a Family Group Conference. It was a good thing I got caught because if I hadn't, who knows? I was such a little shit. It was through that experience that I realized I wanted to help people.
4 What were the best and worst parts of the nine years you spent policing in Hamilton?
Continued below.
Related Content Twelve Questions with Prime Minister Bill English Twelve Questions: Craft beer expert Michael Donaldson's surprise as Epic Armageddon clinches coveted IPA trophy again Twelve Questions with Air quality scientist Elizabeth Somervell
My favorite part was working in communications taking 111 calls and directing cars to different incidents. I enjoy the pressure of making decisions in the moment. The hardest part is the deaths. Saying to a parent, "I'm going to take care of your baby" knowing I'm going to put it on a cold slab for a post mortem. Seeing the pain on parents' faces when you tell them their 16-year-old is not coming home tonight. The first death I attended was a boy who had a head-on travelling home from his course. He was breathing when we arrived but he died upside down in the car. Every time I go past that spot my memory goes back.
5 You captained the Waikato Bay of Plenty Magic netball team for many years and gained 26 caps for the Silver Ferns. Why did you quit netball?
I took six months leave from the police to pursue my dream to make the World Champs because I'd missed out in 1999. So for me 2003 was everything. But I wanted it too badly, I over-trained and by the time I got the trials I was completely gone. At least I won't die wondering.
6 How did you make your break in broadcasting?
It was a chance meeting. I was doing some assignments for my Sports and Leisure degree at a café when Classic Hits host Ronnie Phillips walked up and asked if I'd be interested in doing radio. I thought I'd give it a go. I was pretty terrible at first but I was lucky to have good people willing to invest time and effort in me.
7 After two years co-hosting Classic Hits Waikato you shifted to TV sports presenting. How did you find the transition?
I wasn't widely accepted at TVNZ. I was a former netballer who'd waltzed in with no media training but lots of people were good to me like Wayne Hay, Martin Tasker and Toni Street. It was a real struggle for six months but I absolutely love it now - the intensity and the fact that anything can happen live. I'll stay as long as they'll have me.
8 What was the toughest time of your TV career and how did you get through it?
Three months into the job I took a brutal bashing for some dumb interviews I did at the Commonwealth Games. But just because somebody says I'm shit doesn't mean I listen to it. Netball taught me not to get stuck in the moment. You can find yourself rocking in a corner going, "I can't believe I did that. The whole world knows." But in reality everyone's moved on. I've learnt that I've just got to go through that process to come out the other end. Whatever emotions come, just roll with it. If I stuff up on air I'll spend the whole drive home going, "Everyone thinks you're an idiot." I swear and call myself names. There's no point trying to block it out because it will just come back and bite you later on.
9 You married your husband Dean Clarkson at age 40 after a whirlwind romance. Did you know instantly that he was 'the one'?
Yes. I walked into the bar, took one look and knew straight away. He was the same. It was an instant connection. We sat talking and he told me about his two beautiful daughters. I liked the way he could be so open and honest, even talking about his struggle with depression. It's so hard to find a man that will communicate. He proposed 10 days later and three months after that we were pregnant with twins.
10 You co-host TV1's show Whanau Living with your friend Stacey Morrison. Do the stories often follow what's happening in your own home?
Yes. I'm about keeping things real so if I'm struggling with things in my life, you can guarantee there are others who are too.
11 You and Dean have been training to compete together in the triathlon section of the World Masters Games. In retrospect would you do that again with two children under 1?
Maybe if the children slept. They wake up a couple of times a night so it's pretty hard to function. Training has taken a back seat for us but we're comfortable with that. Just participating in such a massive event - 28,000 competitors from 100 countries in 28 sports - is pretty special to be honest. I'm MCing the opening ceremony too.
12 You've chosen to do the ocean swimming section of the triathlon because of your fear of open water. Has facing your fear helped?
No, it hasn't cured it at all. I constantly hear the Jaws tune in my head and there are times when I go into a panic. Then it's just focusing on putting one arm in front of the other. Mum used to say, "Just give it your best" and that's something I still say to the athletes I coach. "I just need your best right now - whatever that looks and feels like."
• www.worldmastersgames2017.co.nz
- NZ Herald
Albrecht Dürer deserves as much recognition as his Italian counterparts Michelangelo and Raphael. Or so argues Kitty Walsh, art historian and creator of the show Albrecht Dürer: Renaissance Dude. Walsh spends an hour convincing audiences why the Northern Renaissance artist was so innovative and ahead of his time. In this hour of funny facts and anecdotes, audiences are sent away sharing in some part of her passion.
It might seem odd to take time out of the comedy, theatre, and music of the Fringe to go to what is essentially a lecture. However, Walsh's enthusiasm for Dürer rivals the fanfare of other shows. The show is neither dry nor niche, but full of hidden gems of interest and is accessible to audiences of all backgrounds. Walsh does a fantastic job of outlining the basic information that many will already know, such as by locating the Northern Renaissance in its period, while also including specific theories in the art history world that are still debated, like speculations about Dürer's love life and sexuality. There is a perfect mixture of academia and popular culture, as in one segment where Walsh taught the audience how to read the symbols in a work of art while simultaneously disparaging Dan Brown's shoddy art history in The Da Vinci Code.
Audiences will also walk away with first-hand knowledge of some of Dürer's works and methods. Walsh adds a hands-on aspect to the show by allowing some audience members to experiment with two different types of printing, one of Dürer's favourite mediums. Artwork is passed throughout the audience, including an actual original print, to give audiences direct exposure to the artist that would not be possible anywhere else.
Walsh herself is charming and charismatic, adopting for the show some of the character traits she ascribes to Dürer himself, such as his self-love – see above, a picture of Walsh mimicking a self-portrait of Dürer where he painted himself as Jesus. While her speech is not flawless, sometimes stuttering or repetitive, she still holds everyone's attention in her grasp with her passionate and conversational performance. While she sometimes lapses into self-consciousness when the audience isn't responsive to questions, she quickly recovers and avoids awkwardness.
Walsh perfectly blends humour with history, making her show not only thoroughly enjoyable, but truly memorable. Her love for Dürer is infectious, and fuels a gripping show that will stir a new interest in all of its audience members.
Albrecht Dürer: Renaissance Dude
C-cubed (Venue 50)
Until 28 August
Buy tickets here
Photo credit: Kitty Walsh
Christopher J. Couch was one of my best friends.
We moved to Westbrook within weeks of each another in 1961, he from Torquay, England, me from Pawtucket, Rhode Island. We became buddies in high school because he owned a car and I needed a ride. We almost died together in that blue-and-white, '52 Chevy.
Now, suddenly, he's gone and I'm left to wonder why.
Chris gave me a ride to the 1966 Newport Folk Festival along with a couple of other guys. On the drive home, the driver fell asleep and we went sailing off the Maine Turnpike at 65 mph. Miraculously, we simply plowed through a field, the old Chevy bucking and bumping. Couch landed on top of me in the back seat and we drove right back onto the highway as though nothing had happened, sod hanging from the chassis.
Along with our buddies Roland and Earl, I often ended up at the Couches' little Cape at the end of the day, watching Johnny Carson. In those days we were bright, aimless youth, nickel and diming Deering Ice Cream from the corner booth and bombing around greater Portland, laughing and insulting one another.
At the McDonald's in Portland one night, back when there was only one McDonald's in Maine, a legendary local hood walked by the old Chevy and, unprovoked, punched Chris in the face. Couch somehow managed to hold on to his burger and shake. I have always thought the bulked-up bully just took sudden and violent offense to Chris' obvious civility and superior intelligence.
Couch was the smartest guy I knew. Earl was the valedictorian, but Chris was extremely well-read, wrote well, excelled at debate and had peculiar intellectual interests. He read Current Biography for fun, for example, and memorized the heights of all the U.S. presidents.
I first realized what was wrong with public education one day in senior English, when Chris got a word wrong on a vocabulary quiz. I knew the proper answer for “obsequious” was “fawning,” but I didn't know what either word meant. Couch got “obsequious” wrong, even though he knew what it meant, because he had not studied and did not parrot back “fawning.”
After graduating from Westbrook High School, where he was voted Class Funny Bone, Chris went to Albion College in Michigan. Obsessed with college from the time I was in the eighth grade, I had an alphabetized collection of college catalogues in my room that ran from Albion to Yale. Couch picked up the first one, read it, applied and got in. So I always maintained I was responsible for his education as well as his subsequent career, marriage and family.
Chris spent his entire professional life explaining things to other people, first as a journalist at the St. John Valley Times in Madawaska and the Journal Tribune in Biddeford, and then for many years as a bill analyst with the Michigan Legislature. I remember when they left to return to wife Susan's native Michigan, Couch told me he just couldn't make local officials sound as though they knew what they were talking about any longer.
The Couches are a wonderfully literate family. Susan teaches at Lansing Community College, son Graham is a sports writer for the Lansing State Journal and daughter Hannah is a speech therapist in Indianapolis.
In July, the whole family was at Ferry Beach in Saco, where they often rented a cottage. Roland and Earl and I drove down a couple of times and the four of us ended up bombing around all over southern Maine, laughing and insulting one another just as we had in high school. I tried to talk Chris into coming back for our 50th class reunion on Aug. 12, but he and Sue had tickets that weekend for the Shakespeare festival in Stratford, Ontario.
He would not get to attend either event.
On Aug. 6, as I sat on Scarborough Beach, I got a call from Graham. His father had died. The cause of death was undetermined. Something about a mysterious illness he might have picked up on a canoe trip in northern Michigan after he got home from Maine.
I was in shock. Disbelief. Anger. Bargaining. What could I do to bring him back? I called Roland, who had just heard the bad news from Chris's sister. I didn't shed a tear though until I called Earl to tell him. When I heard Earl's cry of despair at the other end of the line, I just started bawling like a baby.
Damn. The world has just lost a truly decent, funny and reasonable man at a time when we can ill afford to lose decent, funny, reasonable men.
Bless you, Christopher.
Freelance journalist Edgar Allen Beem lives in Brunswick. The Universal Notebook is his personal, weekly look at the world around him.
The search for a missing fisherman at Lake Ferry on the Wairarapa coast has been suspended for the day.
Police say the fisherman went underwater this afternoon and did not resurface while attempting to cross the Ruamahanga River mouth.
He was wearing fishing waders when he was washed out to sea at around 2.30pm.
Lake Ferry, Wairarapa. Source: Wikimedia Commons/ Celia WB
Members of the public informed police who launched a search and rescue operation.
Extensive searches by air and boat were undertaken, however, the man was not located.
A Bay of plenty man accused of recording intimate images of women in public toilets and inside shop changing rooms has won his bid to keep his identity a secret for now.
The defendant, who has interim name suppression, faced 15 charges when he appeared in Tauranga District Court on Tuesday.
Eleven of the charges relate to making and possessing recordings taken of women getting undressed in shop changing rooms and using public toilets.
The defendant is also accused of doing so while he was receiving paid sexual services.
Advertisement
He also faces further charges of sexual violation by unlawful sexual connection, indecent assault of a woman aged older than 16 and attempted sexual violation.
Police say the offences were committed in Tauranga last year.
Lawyer Bill Nabney told Judge Paul Mabey, QC, that it was likely his client would defend most, if not all, of the charges and name suppression would preserve his right to a fair trial.
Judge Mabey agreed that was appropriate in this instance.
The defendant, who is yet to enter pleas to the charges, was granted bail with strict conditions. He is due back in court this month.
His bail conditions included surrendering his passport to the court, not applying for any travel documents and a ban on his visiting any women's toilets.
Accounts of chronic bullying and mistreatment of staff at Tauranga Hospital are being uncovered in an investigation into the suicides of two of its former nurses, RNZ reveals.
Since 2013, at least two nurses who felt mistreated at the hospital killed themselves, and a third nurse's suspected suicide was being investigated by the Coroner.
The parents of Jeremy Avis, the nurse who took his life on July 26 in 2016, have spoken out about what happened in the LED to their son's death.
Mary Avis recalled her son being hit across the face by a co-worker. She said he complained to the Bay of Plenty District Health Board (DHB), which runs the hospital, and was told his attacker had a medical problem and nothing could be done.
Advertisement
Another incident she told was when her son felt punished after foregoing normal protocol to save a man's life. Mary said her son was put on supervision for six months, during which, his family say, he felt belittled and bullied by management.
"I could see he was losing confidence in himself," said Mary. "He became distant," said Jeremy Avis' father, Jim.
"It's bullying that erodes people's confidence. It just does. It kills them, it destroys them," Mary told RNZ.
Their son was not alone. The other nurse who killed himself in 2013 left behind a note to his colleagues on the ward where he worked at Tauranga Hospital: "I hope you are all happy now that I'm gone. I look forward to meeting you all again in Hell!"
A number of other staff had since come forward saying they felt bullied, ignored and in some cases had been sacked after speaking out.
Former staff member Ana Shaw, who left Tauranga Hospital four years later she started, said she felt bullied in the workplace.
She said she remembered a staff member tampering with her patient notes.
No matter how many times I raised bullying issues, no matter what I raised, nothing was ever actioned," Shaw said.
The Bay of Plenty DHB chief executive Helen Mason said the suicides were devastating.
"These have been distressing events for all involved; for the families and also for friends and work colleagues," Mason told RNZ.
But she the DHB found "significant and material differences" in the accounts given by the staff. The DHB had denied accusations that the organisation has a bullying problem
"The DHB is firmly committed to an anti-bullying culture and take any allegations of inappropriate behaviour very seriously," Mason said.
RNZ revealed between April 2017 and March 2018, the DHB recorded 13 formal bullying complaints: three were unsubstantiated; three were substantiated; seven are still under investigation.
Bullying was considered a psychosocial health risk in a workplace and, under the Health and Safety at Work Act, employers have a legal obligation to deal with it or they could face prosecution.
RNZ reported that out of the 100 bullying complaints received by WorkSafe between 2013 and 2017, only nine were investigated. None resulted in enforcement action.
Where to get help:
If you are worried about your or someone else's mental health, the best place to get help is your GP or local mental health provider.
However, if you or someone else is in danger or endangering others, call police immediately on 111.
Or if you need to talk to someone else:
• LIFELINE: 0800 543 354 (available 24/7)
• SUICIDE CRISIS HELPLINE: 0508 828 865 (0508 TAUTOKO) (available 24/7)
• YOUTHLINE: 0800 376 633
• NEED TO TALK? Free call or text 1737 (available 24/7)
• KIDSLINE: 0800 543 754 (available 24/7)
• WHATSUP: 0800 942 8787 (1pm to 11pm)
• DEPRESSION HELPLINE: 0800 111 757
Soccer-Manchester United complete Lindelof signing
LONDON, June 14 Manchester United have completed the signing of Sweden defender Victor Lindelof from Portuguese champions Benfica on a four-year contract with the option of extending it by another year, the Premier League club said on Wednesday.
In the wake of the release of his special report on parallel universes, Marshall Barnes will discuss his findings, in relation to possibilities for time travel on the Lorien Fenton internet radio show, the Fenton Perspective
Lorien Fenton of the Fenton Perspective internet radio show.
Contact
Fame Plan
***@publicist.com Fame Plan
End
-- Internationally noted, research and development engineer Marshall Barnes will appeartonight at 8 PM EST, 5 PM PST on the Fenton Perspective radio program, hosted by Lorien Fenton. The Fenton Perspective has a wide range of guests and can be heard online on the Revolution Radio network.Marshall has just released a breakthrough report for a variety of governmental bodies in the U.S. including the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy. The report, titled, Changing Worlds Like TV Channels (see prlog.org/12654447-special-report-sent-to-us-officials-for-science-and-technology-on-discovery-of-parallel-universes.html ), details a brief history behind the concept of parallel universes, beginning with Hugh Everett III' s concept in 1957 which has become known as the Everett/Wheeler hypothesis or the many worlds interpretation of quantum mechanics. The report ends with an overview of the stunning evidence of a number of the 11 different successful experiments that Marshall has conducted so far that prove parallel universes are real and would be the paradox free solution of any attempts of time travel to the past. Not only do his results match the types of predictions made by German astrophysicist Rainer Plaga for conducting experiments to detect parallel universes, but the experiments have now given insight as to how to begin to build a time machine that could send someone to a new parallel universe copy of an earlier time.Marshall is the first person in the world to prove parallel universes exist and did so despite predictions by CERN's Mir Faizal that such a thing was impossible. In fact, physics professor Frank Tipler of Tulane University and Nobel Prize Laureate Frank Wilczek have each proposed separate methods of trying to prove that parallel universes exist and neither one has followed through with an attempt. Marshall's effort, however, goes far beyond merely proving the existence of such worlds but how they function as a element of time and a solution to retrocausal experiments."The experiments were first posited by me in my book,(see http://www.blurb.com/ b/5622324-paradox- lost-the-public- ed... ), which was based on my special report to select members of Congress on the subject of time travel because of all the talk about attempts at building a time machine in the private sector. I wanted at least some elected officials on Capital Hill to know that there was nothing to fear from someone building a time machine and then going back to change their election."Marshall's report was just part of his effort to make research connected to time travel, viable, and to wipe out the overwhelming misinformation and disinformation on the subject."Too many people actually believe there's such a thing as a time travel paradox, when in reality, it makes no scientific sense unless, of course, you're using sloppy science," Marshall says. "Likewise, there are all these misconsceptions about time travel and Einstein's theories of Relativity and how time travel to the past isn't possible and on and on. It's all garbage and I'm changing the dialog by doing the real work that results in successful and demonstrable experiments. No one else has anything like that, which proves they're wrong. No one has ever filmed a retocausal experiment but they publish papers about them all the time. I did better - mine were all filmed. That was part of the experiement to begin with because that's what allowed us to see that we were getting discontinous results like Plaga predicted, in this case with laser hits in detection areas when there was no laser pulse being fired. The only way that happens is if we were suddenly in a new parallel universe where it appears that a pulse had been fired. The fact that such an event isn't on the video proves the discontinuity between the original universe and the new one".Marshall is a leader without peer in the area of time travel research, having built the first small scale time machine capable of sending signals out of our space-time via micro wormholes (in 2012) and is theoretically scalable to the size where a traversable wormhole large enough for people and stabilized, could be created. The Iranian physicist Mohammad Mansouryar, predicted that such a thing could be possible if there were first a ring of mirco wormholes of varying sizes. He then stated that eventually, the space in the center would collapse and become one large wormhole. Marshall's machine, the Verderhung Fan™, creates a rotating mesh of micro wormholes and could be scaled in size to match Mansouryar's idea.Marshall also has designed a time machine based on the theories of Nikola Tesla that he hopes to build and test early next year for use in locations already known for time slips and reality shifts."It s my full intention to build as many time machine designs as possible, always with the target being those which will make it the easiest for human usage. I have another I'm designing, that is based on a vehicle concept."It is Marshall's prediction that human time travel will become possible by 2020. At the pace he is going now, it could be sooner.The Fenton Perspective is heard on the Revolution Radio network and can be found at http://www.freedomslips.com/ schedule.htm . Listeners can dial 712-432-6958 to listen to the show on their phones if they don't have internet access.
You may have heard the expression, 'not all calories are equal', and indeed when it comes to liquid calories, the ones we consume via a variety of smoothies, juices, coffees, wines and spirits we need to be particularly careful.
You see, when we consume our calories via liquids, not only do we not register that we have actually consumed this many calories but especially sugary drinks such as soft drinks and juices are more likely to see fat accumulated in the liver when we drink them regularly. Soft drink is also one of the only individual food groups directly linked to excessive sugar consumption and weight gain. So if you have not done so before, it may be worth considering how many of your daily calories you are actually drinking.
You might wanna re-think that smoothie... Photo / Supplied
Some of us start our day with coffee, others a green smoothie or maybe you are more of a juice person. Whatever your morning go to, chances are it could be adding almost a breakfast worth of calories without you realising it. Take a coffee for example, a black coffee with a dash of milk contains an insignificant number of calories and sugar, while a large caramel Latte contains at least 200 calories and more than 5 teaspoons of sugar. Or an average serve of fruit juice will offer at least 200 calories and 6 teaspoons of sugar, while a large smoothie will clock in with at least 400 calories and up to 12 teaspoons of sugar. So if your goal is weight control and to keep your sugar intake to a minimum, when it comes to breakfast drinks, choose small unflavoured coffees, vegetable juices in place of fruit and order a small smoothie and remember it is the meal, not just a drink.
Next we have the beverages we choose why we go about our day-to-day jobs — you may enjoy a midmorning coffee; coconut water after a visit to the gym or you may pick up an energy drink to keep you awake until lunchtime. Again all of these popular drinks are adding a significant number of calories to your day — a coffee at least 100, an energy drink at least 150 calories and up to 7 teaspoons of sugar, and even 'healthy' coconut water will give you more than 3 teaspoons of sugar in a single serve. The good news? It is easy to wipe out these extra calories by sticking to water, plain tea and coffee in between meals and if you must add some flavour to your drinks in between meals, always look for sugar free options.
Advertisement
Soft drink, flavoured mineral waters and juice remains the favourite lunchtime drink options, with many a lunch meal deal dependent on choosing one of these sugary additions to round out your lunch. The issue? All of these options will add 5-9 teaspoons of sugar along with a couple of hundred extra liquid calories. Better options? Water, sparking or soda water or if you must a diet or no sugar bubbly alternative.
Once we make it through the day, while sugary drinks have less of a focus, if you do enjoy a wine or beer most days, it can be easy to drink as many calories as a meal without even noticing. It is a common belief that alcohol contains a lot of sugar, this is not exactly true. Rather it is the nutrient alcohol that contains a significant number of calories, and when we are enjoying alcohol the body is so busy burning off these alcohol calories that the calories we consume via food (think fried food, dips, chips and snacks) while we are drinking that are more likely to be stored. It is for this reason that alcohol is closely linked to weight gain.
So if you regularly enjoy a couple of alcoholic drinks after work, with the larger glasses we tend to pour our own drinks into, we will be adding an extra 200-300 calories into our day, or almost that of a small meal in itself. For many of us, our liquid calorie intake explains very simply why we are gradually gaining weight, even though we may not be eating all that differently.
The average female who spends much of the day sitting will burn roughly 1200-1500 calories per day and an average male between 1600-2000 calories. If you consider that a couple of large milk coffees along with a smoothie or juice and glass or two of wine will be adding up to an extra 700-1000 calories each day, you could be drinking more than ½ the number of calories you need. Liquid calories are closely linked to weight gain, we do not eat significantly less when we drink some of our calories and they are one area of our diet in which we can easily cut back.
So where possible choose plain black or piccolo sized coffees; limit your intake of sugary drinks and juices opting for no or low calorie sparking water or vegetable juices instead and watch the size of your nightly wine pour to slash these extra liquid calories and your calorie intake overall.
Susie Burrell is a dietitian and nutritionist. Follow her on Twitter @SusieBDiet
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A two-day music festival at the Elvaston Castle showground may not go ahead after an application for a licence to hold the event was rejected.
Summer Gathering Festival Limited had applied to South Derbyshire District Council to stage the event on August 18-19 and tickets were being sold.
However, due to criticism from Derbyshire police about how long alcohol would be on sale for, along with concerns about safety and access management, the application was dismissed by the licensing and appeals committee.
Organisers have 21 days to launch an appeal against the decision. Mark Lambert, owner of Summer Gathering Festival Limited, has run the Summer Gathering for three years at Donington Park but had been looking for an alternative site due to issues with mud and flooding.
(Image: Wikimedia)
Speaking at the licensing and appeals meeting he said: “We have held events such as this in Birmingham, Manchester and London, with some of the same concerns over how much people may drink and how they will leave the site and find their way home after and we have still been given the go-ahead. I'm not sure why the situation is at all different here.”
Police licensing enforcement officers Mark Paternoster and Mark Dunn listed a wide-ranging number of areas in which there was “insufficient information to make an informed decision”.
PC Paternoster told the meeting: “The set list of acts which are to perform has not been published.
“There is also no information in regards to how big the bar area would be, how many bar staff there would be, how they would be trained, how many security staff members they will be, along with how accessible alcohol will be for attendees and possible safeguards which would be put in place to prevent excessive drunkenness.
“There are also concerns over access, the road to the site is narrow and unlit, with no camping on site people may arrive steadily but they may all be leaving at the same time, which could cause issues.”
The application had requested alcohol be sold for 12 hours on each day, 12.30pm-12.30am on Saturday and 11.30am-11.30pm on Sunday. Between 6,000 and 7,000 people were expected to attend this year's event.
It also asked for permission for live music, recorded music and dance performances between 12pm and 1am on Saturday and 11pm to 12am on Sunday.
PC Dunn said: “We have had issues with the Elvaston site with previous events, even fairly low-key affairs, the site can quickly become a quagmire and it becomes difficult to get people off.
“Also, I don't think a festival such as this fits with this location, there is nowhere where people can walk to from there and I do not believe that everyone will have just one drink and remain able to drive.
“If we had more time and notice then we could have worked closely with the applicant to make sure everything was in place."
We've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in.
To download the IOS app click here.
To download the Android app click here.
HILLSBOROUGH, N.C. (AP) – An Orange County chapter of the NAACP is asking the school board to enact a ban on the Confederate flag.
The News & Observer of Raleigh reports Northern Orange County NAACP President Patricia Clayton sent a letter to Superintendent Todd Wirt asking for a ban on school grounds, citing other districts that prohibit it on school property, clothing and other materials. The letter didn't identify those districts.
Clayton said that having to demonstrate that the flag disrupts the learning environment is symptomatic of racial and cultural bias in the district.
School officials couldn't be reached for comment Tuesday.
In 2015, the Northern Orange NAACP sought a ban on the Confederate flag on student clothing after a rally in Hillsborough drew 600 people in support of the flag.
___
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
2/14/2017 4:07:05 PM (GMT -5:00)
The Russian nuclear submarine Dmitrij Donskoj sails under the Great Belt Bridge between Jyutland and Fun through Danish waters, near Korsor, on July 21, 2017, on it's way to Saint Petersburg to participate in the 100th anniversary of the Russian Navy. MICHAEL BAGER/Getty Images
At a time when much of Washington was obsessed with the declassified memo that alleged wrongdoing by the FBI in its surveillance of Donald Trump's presidential campaign, the administration was unveiling a nuclear weapons policy that made it clear the United States plans to begin taking a more aggressive stance toward Russia.
Broadly speaking, the Pentagon's new policy calls for introducing two new types of weapons to the U.S. nuclear arsenal, effectively ending efforts to reduce its size. While the plan doesn't include calls for any net increase in strategic nuclear weapons, it does warn that the United States must be realistic about the threats it faces. “We must look reality in the eye and see the world as it is, not as we wish it to be,” Defense Secretary Jim Mattis writes in the introduction to the report.
The suggestion throughout the Pentagon document is that while President Barack Obama talked about the moral obligation of leading by example to help the world get rid of nuclear weapons, other countries have been busy developing a better arsenal. “While the United States has continued to reduce the number and salience of nuclear weapons, others, including Russia and China, have moved in the opposite direction,” the report says. “They have added new types of nuclear capabilities to their arsenals, increased the salience of nuclear forces in their strategies and plans, and engaged in increasingly aggressive behavior, including in outer space and cyberspace.”
Part of that reality check seems to be to publicly acknowledge for the first time that Russia is “developing … a new intercontinental, nuclear-armed, nuclear-powered, undersea autonomous torpedo.” Known as a “Status-6 Oceanic Multipurpose System” many analysts have described it as a “doomsday” weapon because it theoretically would have the capacity to destroy an entire coastal city.
The system is “essentially a drone-type device fired underwater that can potentially travel thousands of miles and strike US coastal targets such as military bases or cities,” explains CNN. The weapon would be more powerful than anything currently in the U.S. or Russian arsenal, potentially triggering a tsunami wave of radioactive water that could completely destroy a coastal city.
Some analysts, however, say a “Status-6” system might not even be a real thing. The first word of this potentially devastating system came in 2015, when a Russia state television report showed a general looking at diagrams for a new huge nuclear weapon. Some think the whole thing might have been an elaborate smoke-and-mirrors effort to put the United States on its toes. “My read of the whole Status-6 slide leak is that the Russians were trying to send us a message,” Geist says.
A screenshot from the Russian television report that seemed to show a glimpse of the plans for the “System-6” system. YouTube/RussianArms
Even if it's not a reality yet though, that doesn't mean it couldn't be something in the future. And the mention in the Pentagon report shows that at least some in the defense community are taking it seriously. “My best guess is that there is a project to design an underwater vehicle with a purpose, unknown at this point,” Pavel Podvig, an arms control expert, told NPR. “There is something there.”
同意 AGREE
如果您繼續閱讀，視同您同意我們隱私條款。This website uses cookies to improve user experience. By clicking agree you consent to all cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy..
Expanded festival field means more room for multiple band line up, curated Maker Space, Chamber Partner Lounge, additional VIP level that includes new beer garden are some of the ingredients added for Sept 30 and Oct 1 event.
Chowderfest Weekend Sept 30-Oct 1 2017
End
-- One of the best known festivals on the East Coast and 'the' festival of Long Beach Island, Chowderfest Weekend has extended the season well past Labor Day for visitors and businesses of region. In celebration of its 29th year, and in preparation for the big 30th Anniversary in 2018, the Southern Ocean County Chamber of Commerce Chowderfest Committee with support of the chamber's Board of Directors are elevating the event for the enjoyment of all who participate at the two day festival that happens each fall at the Taylor Avenue and 9th St Waterfront in Beach Haven. The weekend begins Saturday September 30 with free Merchant Mart that will have live music from 10 to 5 from Jimmy Brogan, White Rabbit and The Implusives. This year a dedicated Make Shift Row tent has been added, which brings a market space designed to inspire that will be filled with handmade products for sale. There will be more taps added to with custom beverage menu full of flavorful beers and hard ciders including Bud Light, Landshark Lager, Blue Point Toasted Lager, Spaten Oktoberfest, Goose Island IPA, Stella Cidre, Strongbow and McKenzie Black Cherry. Attendees can spend the day with dozens of merchants to shop for end of season bargains, localized specialties and gourmet food tent. Expanded grounds include more seating and elbow room for everyone, a Southern Ocean Chamber Partner and Sponsor lounge, additional tent for merchants and a featured beer garden. "Everything we are doing is to showcase the local musical talent, restaurants and businesses" states Todd Elsasser, Chowderfest Coordinator, "the expanded footprint is a great way to see what local businesses and people can do".Sunday, October 1 brings the Chowder Cook Off Classic, as the best restaurants in the region square off for all ticket holder votes with unlimited red, white and creative chowder samples. VIPs gain early access to the tents to taste and view the decorative booths created by each competitor beginning at 10am. In addition to coveted early entry, VIPs get the official 2017 VIP Shirt with purchase. New this year is the Platinum VIP which in addition to early entry and shirt, gets access to the new Beer Garden with big screen televisions with Bud Girls handing out giveaways. Platinum VIP level is limited to 150 tickets. General Admission begins at 11am. To date the contestant restaurants include Country Kettle, Chicken or the Egg, Howard's Restaurant, Shore Fire Grille, SunnyRae's, Lefty's Tavern, Stefano's Seafood, Black Whale, Delaware Avenue Oyster House, Buckalew's, La Bamba, and Blue Water Café. Great chowder is accompanied by great live music, the lineup scheduled to perform on Sunday are The Pickles, Ted Hammock and Jason Booth. Attendees can partake in the delicious food tent, grab a chair with added seating, avoid long lines with extra beer and cider taps, shop exclusive Chowdawear merchandise, vote and cheer on the winners at closing ceremonies scheduled at approx. 4pm. Tickets will be on sale at www.chowderfest.com or by contact the Southern Ocean County Chamber at 609 494 7211, their Visitor Center at 265 W Ninth Street Ship Bottom, or via email at info@sochamber.com . Toddlers under 3 are free, Tickets for Oct 1 Cook Off range from Children to age 12 $10, General Admission $25, VIP $55 and Platinum VIP $100.Proceeds from the Chowderfest has provided three decades of financial support to hundreds of local charities, events, as well as scholarships to Pineland Regional, Southern Regional and Barnegat High Schools. Funds are also used to operate and maintain the fully staffed visitor center located in Ship Bottom, advertise the region out of the area to visitors and produce other events that generate proven economic impact such as the LBI Wedding Road Show. The Southern Ocean Chamber is looking to make a difference and partner in a direct way for the 30TH ANNIVERSARY CHOWDERFEST by introducing Chowder for A Cause where a percentage of net will go to one of the local nonprofits that have applied for consideration through the online application. The selected charity will be announced after this year's event. Southern Ocean Chamber would like to thank 2017 sponsors for their belief in making this the best festival possible. Presenting sponsors include Sysco , Ritchie & Page, Bud Light, TD Bank and The Sandpaper/Beachcomber. This year's stage sponsor is Barlow Buick GMC, Vip Sponsor Anderson Insurance Agency, Voting Tent Sponsor AtlantiCare, T Shirt Sponsors Panzone's Pizza and Jetty. Oyster Crackers are sponsored by Westminster Bakers Co.For the most up to date information on Chowderfest Weekend, join thousands of fans the Official LBI Chowderfest Facebook page or by visiting both chamber websites www.visitLBIregion.com or www.chowderfest.com . If you are a local business and are interested in finding out more about the new Chowderfest Retail Partnership, contact the chamber office at 609 494 7211.
Mark Zuckerberg is a true believer again.
The Facebook founder, who formerly identified as an atheist, revealed last week that religion has come back into his life in a holiday post.
He posted a short message on Facebook wishing his followers a: “Merry Christmas and Happy Hanukkah from Priscilla, Max, Beast and me!”
One of his devout fans questioned his religious views, writing in a comment, “Aren't you an atheist?”
And Zuckerberg responded.
“No. I was raised Jewish and then I went through a period where I questioned things, but now I believe religion is very important,” he wrote.
Zuckerberg's wife is a practicing Buddhist, which he has taken interest in. He even said a prayer in front of the Wild Goose Pagoda — a Buddhist landmark in Xi'an, China — during a 2015 visit.
“Priscilla is Buddhist and asked me to offer a prayer from her as well. Buddhism is an amazing religion and philosophy, and I have been learning more about it over time. I hope to continue understanding the faith more deeply,” he wrote in a post that included a photo of him kneeling in front of the pagoda.
March 31 Chongqing New Century Cruise Co Ltd :
* Sees net profit for FY 2017 Q1 up 102.3 percent to 115.1 percent, or to be 300.1 million yuan to 319.2 million yuan
* Says the net profit of FY 2016 Q1 was 148.4 million yuan
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/3XwkBF
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
The comedian has blamed the sedative for her offensive message about Valerie Jarrett.
The pharmaceutical company that makes Ambien has responded to Roseanne Barr's claim that she was “ambien tweeting” when she wrote an offensive message about a top Obama aide.
The comedian sparked uproar when she said Valerie Jarrett, who is black, is the product of the Muslim Brotherhood and Planet Of The Apes.
Many of her co-stars immediately condemned her comments, and US network ABC cancelled the show – which had been a huge hit when it was revived for earlier this year.
From Channing Dungey, President of ABC Entertainment: "Roseanne's Twitter statement is abhorrent, repugnant and inconsistent with our values, and we have decided to cancel her show."There was only one thing to do here, and that was the right thing. — Robert Iger (@RobertIger) May 29, 2018
In a flurry of posts on Twitter, Barr wrote: “Guys I did something unforgiveable so do not defend me.
“It was 2 in the morning and I was ambien tweeting-it was memorial day too-i went 2 far & do not want it defended-it was egregious Indefensible. I made a mistake I wish I hadn't but…don't defend it please. ty.”
She later said: “”I think Joe Rogan is right about ambien. Not giving excuses for what I did(tweeted) but I've done weird stuff while on ambien-cracked eggs on the wall at 2am etc.”
Ashleigh Koss, a spokeswoman for Sanofi, which makes Ambien, told the Press Association: “People of all races, religions and nationalities work at Sanofi every day to improve the lives of people around the world.
People of all races, religions and nationalities work at Sanofi every day to improve the lives of people around the world. While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication. — Sanofi US (@SanofiUS) May 30, 2018
“While all pharmaceutical treatments have side effects, racism is not a known side effect of any Sanofi medication.”
© Press Association 2018
Let this be a lesson to all of you out there: while most of its power is located in the legs, kangaroos still have a vicious jab.
A boy was trying to feed a kangaroo at a wildlife park in Australia when the kangaroo laid a quick one on him right on the chin.
Thankfully, the kangaroo didn't fully connect the jab, and the boy walked away shocked more than anything. His poor sister, though. She wants absolutely nothing to do with those animals anymore!
Via Metro
Follow JT on Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
A number of protesters who staged a protest in front of both the press and lawyers syndicates on Monday afternoon were reportedly arrested by security forces. The security forces had allegedly tried to disperse the protest, which echoed the public anger over the Egyptian-Saudi maritime demarcation agreement.
Sources on the ground told Daily News Egypt that the number of those arrested is not clear, as security forces surrounded protesters and grabbed an indefinite number of demonstrators who were then put in a police truck.
Daily News Egypt reached out to the Ministry of Interior for a comment, but no answer was received.
Meanwhile, the Parliament's Judicial Committee said on Monday that the House of Representatives will openly discuss the agreement with full transparency while asserting the importance of the separation of judicial and legislative powers.
WASHINGTON (AP) — At a potentially pivotal moment of diplomacy with North Korea, the Pentagon said Monday that annual U.S.-South Korean military exercises that had been postponed for the Pyeongchang Winter Olympics will begin April 1.
In a brief statement, the Pentagon said Defense Secretary Jim Mattis and his South Korean counterpart, Song Young-moo, agreed to go forward with the maneuvers, known as Foal Eagle and Key Resolve, "at a scale similar to" that of previous years.
North Korea has been notified of the schedule "as well as the defensive nature" of the exercises, the Pentagon said.
The timing and size of the annual maneuvers are especially sensitive this year because of heightened tension over the North's accelerated work last year on a nuclear-armed missile potentially capable of reaching the United States - followed, unexpectedly, by prospects for a diplomatic solution to the nuclear crisis.
Advertisement
North Korea typically objects to U.S.-South Korean military exercises, calling them dress rehearsals for an invasion. Washington and Seoul insist they are defensive and are needed to keep allied forces combat-ready.
After recent high-level talks with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, South Korean officials said Kim indicated his acceptance of the maneuvers. Kim also offered to meet personally with President Donald Trump to discuss giving up his nuclear weapons on unspecified terms, and Trump quickly agreed. The time and place of the unprecedented talks have not been set, but the White House indicated the summit would happen by May.
South Korean President Moon Jae-in is scheduled to set the stage for that summit by meeting with Kim in April in the Demilitarized Zone, which separates the two Koreas.
It had been widely expected that the U.S.-South Korean military exercises would go ahead, even with the new prospects for diplomacy. Some have speculated that the maneuvers would be scaled back, but the Pentagon said they would be conducted at "the same scale, scope and duration" as in previous years.
The larger of the two exercises, Foal Eagle, is a field training exercise with about 11,500 U.S. troops and about 290,000 South Korean troops, according to a Pentagon spokesman, Marine Lt. Col. Christopher Logan. The other, known as Key Resolve, will involve about 12,200 U.S. troops and about 10,000 from South Korea.
"To avoid compromising exercise objectives, specifics regarding the exercise scenarios will not be discussed," Logan said, adding that the purpose is to "enhance" the ability of the U.S.-South Korean alliance to defend South Korean territory.
The U.S. has about 28,500 troops permanently stationed in South Korea and is obligated by treaty to defend the South in the event it is attacked by the North. The two Koreas are still technically at war because their 1950-53 war ended in an armistice, not a peace treaty.
HIGH PRICE: Speeding more than 40kmh over the speed limit include a $1137 fine, a six-month licence suspension and eight demerit points.
TWO men were caught travelling more than 40kmh over the limit in Bundaberg during the weekend.
A 39-year-old Thabeban man was pulled over by police from the Bundaberg Patrol Group about 3pm on Sunday.
He was recorded travelling at a speed of 106kmh in a 60kmh zone along Goodwood Rd, Thabeban.
He received a $1137 Traffic Infringement Notice, six-month licence suspension and eight demerit points, along with an immobilising notice which prevents the operation of the vehicle and the confiscation of his number plates for seven days.
A 20-year-old Pinjarra Hills man was intercepted by police from Bundaberg Road Policing Unit about 10.15am yesterday.
He was clocked at 143kmh in a 100kmh zone on the Bruce Hwy at Isis Central.
The man was given $1137 Traffic Infringement Notice, a six-month licence suspension and eight demerit points.
Meanwhile, another driver was clocked at more than 50kmh over the speed limit just south of the Bundaberg region.
The man was pulled over by police on the Bruce Hwy at Torbanlea on Friday after they detected him travelling at 156kmh in the 100kmh zone.
Bundy drivers have been told to expect a heavy police presence on the region's roads with school speed zones back in force as students return to class today.
Speeding is one of the Fatal Five causes of crashes, along with drink and drug driving, fatigue, not wearing seatbelts and inattention.
.
Fore more information on speeding, go to www.tmr.qld.gov.au
6:35 Video shown at SLO Chamber of Commerce dinner draws allegations of sexism Pause
0:28 Atascadero Creek threatens nearby home
1:44 SLO County rock climbers take on Cabrillo Peak
2:33 Cheers and jeers: Pro wrestling match at The Graduate is a slamming good time
1:23 Crews install steel mesh along Hwy. 41 to prevent future rockslides
1:26 Here's how Caltrans is shoring up Hwy. 41 hillsides after the rockslide
1:02 Marijuana could find a home in this Grover Beach zone
1:56 Baby elephant seals eat, sleep and cuddle with their moms at the crowded Piedras Blancas rookery
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
Multiplayer battle arena Paragon shuts down on April 26, but its characters and environments have a chance to live on. Epic Games has released “$12 million worth” of the game's character and environment assets onto the Unreal Engine Marketplace for free.
Epic's got no time for a MOBA that spent two years trying and failing to find an audience—especially not with Fortnite Battle Royale taking off so big—but that's no reason for a pretty game to go to waste. Awkward battle arena gameplay notwithstanding, Paragon's always been a bit of a showcase for Unreal Engine 4, with gorgeous (if a bit generic) science fiction and fantasy characters battling in lovely environments. Well, now 20 of those characters and more than 1,500 bits of those environments are free for anyone to download and use in their own Unreal Engine 4 project.
The 20 Paragon heroes initially released to the public (there are plans for more) include character models, visual effects, dialogue, sound cues, animation cycles and all available skins.
Advertisement
The pack also includes a wide array of assets from the game's Agora and Monolith maps, including a sample map for developers to use and change as they see fit.
Epic Games said that development of the assets released today cost well over $12 million, so it's nice that they're not just dumping them in the garbage. Who knows, maybe an enterprising UE4 developer can take these assets and use them to create the shooter everybody thought Paragon was going to be in the first place.
A boy at the border wall between Ciudad Juárez in Mexico and Sunland Park in New Mexico on May 3. Herika Martinez/Getty Images
Child shelters near the border are nearing capacity, a Health and Human Services spokesperson said Tuesday, as the number of migrant children held in custody without their parents has climbed dramatically in the past month.
According to a report from the Washington Post, the number of children held on their own has grown by 21 percent from the month before, an increase that is likely largely attributable to the new policy that prosecutes parents criminally and separates their children from them at the border in hopes of deterring them from attempting to enter the U.S.
According to the Post, there are now more 10,773 migrant children in U.S. custody, as of Tuesday—almost 2,000 more than the number in custody at the end of April, according to numbers from the Department of Health and Human Services. While it's not known how much of that difference is attributable to the influx of children separated from their parents by the U.S. government versus an increase of unaccompanied children arriving at the border, it does appear that the new “zero tolerance” approach, implemented last month, played a major role.
Children separated from their parents under this policy are usually sent to HHS shelters, while their parents are sent off to federal jails to await prosecution. Those shelters are at 95 percent capacity, according to the Post.
To alleviate the problem, HHS plans to add new beds to the shelters. But it is also still considering housing children on military bases, an option that was first reported earlier in May and that was also used by the Obama administration during an surge in the numbers of unaccompanied children arriving at the border. Using military bases is considered a “last option,” according to the Post.
The children separated from their parents and held in these shelters are not connected to the recent story circulating on social media about 1,475 children that the U.S. government has lost track of since they arrived at the border. That number—mostly from unaccompanied children who are placed with relatives and other sponsors—has to do with the degree to which HHS monitors children no longer under their custody and the degree to which sponsors, many who are undocumented themselves, do not respond to calls.
The New York Times reported in April that the Department of Homeland Security had already separated roughly 700 children from their parents since October. According to the U.S. Customs and Border Protection, between May 6 and 19, 658 children were separated from the 638 adults they traveled with, all of whom were referred for prosecution.
The Solution
Contact
Martech Services Company
***@breathingsystems.com Martech Services Company
End
-- Cleaning, drying, and heating the atomizing air from your existing compressed air source can be accomplished withby Martech Services Company.According to Tom Wright, Director of Sales and Marketing, when placed near the point of use,will work with the existing compressed air source. The four-stage filtration is outfitted with an automatic moisture discharger. Then the clean air is further filtered to remove moisture content for super dry air. A controller, with digital outputs, allows user to set the temperature of the atomizing up to 165 degrees F.is shipped complete with a 3/8" ID x 35 foot spray air hose."With the advent of waterborne paints becoming mandated by government agencies, the need for this type and quality of atomizing air is crucial", says Wright.is a complete compressed air system designed to clean, dry, and heat the atomizing air for today's spray paint requirements. It is easy to use, simple to install, and affordable to maintain.is the result of years of experience and testing, to bring to the market,to today's needs for atomizing air that works well with both waterborne and solvent based paint systems.For more information oncontact Martech Services Company by calling 1-800-831-1525 or online at www.breathingsystems.com
If you want to get an early start on your holiday, you can be one of the estimated hundred runners that will be taking part in the 12th annual Freedom 5-K Trail Run. It's a benefit for the Nevada Union High School Runners Booster Club. Club President Cindy Morgan says it starts at 8am…
Listen to Cindy Morgan 1
It is one of the ten Grand Prix races, so there will be some serious runners out there, but Morgan says you don't have to be one of those people to enjoy the event and the course…
Listen to Cindy Morgan 2
The track and cross-country programs are not funded by the school, so the boosters fundraise to attend meets and competitions, and also to buy equipment.
–gf
Stephen Myler was delighted to help Saints continue moving in the right direction as he secured victory at Kingsholm on his 300th appearance for the club.
Myler slotted the winning conversion with six minutes remaining after referee Matthew Carley awarded a penalty try for a deliberate knock-on by Gloucester wing David Halaifonua.
It was a precious 13-12 success for Saints, who are now sixth in the Aviva Premiership standings, just four points behind local rivals Leicester Tigers.
And for Myler, who moved to Saints from rugby league side Salford City Reds in 2006, it was a great way to celebrate his major milestone.
“It's something I'll look back on as a proud achivement,” the 32-year-old said.
“It's pretty rare for someone to get that many games in the professional era at one club so it's something I'm really proud about.
“I was happy to lead the team out with Mikey (Haywood), it was his 150th appearance and for someone so young, that's a great achievement as well.
“More importantly, we needed a win as a club and fortunately we were able to get that and back up the Sale result.
“It's helped us push on up the table, which is the direction we need to go in.”
Saints had been 9-0 down at half-time against Gloucester, but they fought hard to get back in the game and eventually got their rewards.
Myler added: “Conditions were a bit boggy and we were happy with how we played in the second half.
“We got back into the game and were in a position where we probably would have scored.
“That's the way it goes, and it could have been anyone slotting it (the winning kick) from in front of the posts, but it was me and I'm just happy we could come away with the win.”
LONDON, April 15 Tottenham Hotspur remained a worrying presence in Chelsea's rearview mirror after a second successive 4-0 victory cut the gap in the Premier League title race to four points on Saturday.
Bournemouth became the 12th consecutive side to leave White Hart Lane empty-handed as Harry Kane hit the 20 league goal mark for the third season in a row with his side's third.
Long-time leaders Chelsea are away at Manchester United on Sunday for what looks the toughest fixture of their run-in.
"We got the three points and now the pressure is on Chelsea to win in Old Trafford," Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino said. "It would be fantastic if tomorrow night, after the game, the gap is still four points. But four points is still a lot."
With only two of their last six matches at home Tottenham are still rank outsiders to snatch a first title since 1961.
But Chelsea must still also visit Everton who racked up an eighth successive home win when beating Burnley 3-1 to move above Arsenal and United into fifth, albeit having played more games than the teams around them.
Premier League top scorer Romelu Lukaku struck Everton's third, taking his season tally to 24.
There was little movement in the relegation battle with none of the clubs in the bottom six managing a win.
Bottom club Sunderland scored their first goal in eight games as Fabio Borini's late equaliser earned them a 2-2 draw at home to West Ham United which left them nine points behind 17th-placed Hull City who lost 3-1 at Stoke City.
Second-from-bottom Middlesbrough host seventh-placed Arsenal on Monday while 18th-placed Swansea City slumped to a fifth defeat in six matches in a 1-0 loss at Watford.
Swansea remain two points behind Hull while Crystal Palace, who battled back from two down to draw 2-2 at home to champions Leicester City, are seven points above the relegation trapdoor.
"Today's point feels like a win, it's a tremendous fight back from the players and that wouldn't have happened when I first arrived -- it just shows the change of mood of the players," Palace manager Sam Allardyce said.
Bournemouth are still looking over their shoulders, although they also have a seven-point cushion.
Since losing to Liverpool on Feb. 11 Tottenham have won seven games in a row -- their best top flight sequence for 50 years -- scoring 22 and leaking only four.
A week after beating Watford 4-0, having also kicked off before Chelsea, they produced another display oozing confidence with Mousa Dembele and Son Heung-Min scoring inside the first 20 minutes and Kane striking just after halftime.
Kane is the fourth player to score 20 or more goals in the Premier League three seasons in a row, joining Thierry Henry, Alan Shearer and Ruud van Nistelrooy.
"Sometimes it's good to play first. Early kick off, get the three points and then we can enjoy our Easter weekend and see what happens tomorrow," Kane said.
"Hopefully Man Utd can get a result for us."
Three days before taking on Atletico Madrid in their Champions League quarter-final, seeking to overturn a 1-0 deficit from the first leg, Leicester were involved in a rip-roaring duel at Selhurst Park.
Goals by Robert Huth and Jamie Vardy put them 2-0 ahead but Palace hit back through Yohan Cabaye and Christian Benteke.
Manchester City can move above Liverpool into third place if they win at Southampton later. (Reporting by Martyn Herman; Editing by Toby Davis)
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Former Aston Villa striker Rudy Gestede has explained how his impact at the club was affected by the changing of manager in his first season.
Gestede, now at promotion rivals Middlesbrough, arrived at Villa Park in the summer of 2015, one of a number of acquisitions made by Tim Sherwood and the claret and blue recruitment team which had been armed with a budget boosted by the sales of Christian Benteke and Fabian Delph.
He bagged the winner at Bournemouth on his debut, and also scored a memorable victory goal against Blues in the League Cup.
The sacking of Sherwood and the subsequent appointment of Remi Garde, however, saw the Benin international's number of starts severely stunted.
“My dream has always been to play in the Premier League,” Gestede told The Boot Room .
“At Aston Villa I started quite well, scoring four goals in 10 games. But then, after Tim Sherwood was sacked, Remi Garde came in and told me I wouldn't be playing because he doesn't use a target man.
(Image: Shaun Botterill/Getty Images)
“I didn't play for a while, coming on for just five or ten minutes. It's hard to find your rhythm when that is the case and it was disappointing.”
For a short while at the beginning of that season, Gestede also worked alongside the late Ray Wilkins, who suddenly passed away earlier this month.
Gestede spoke of how saddened he was to hear of the news that devastated the footballing world.
“I didn't know Ray before I signed for Villa, but I got to know him quite quickly as we were in the same hotel together before I found a house in the area,” Gestede added.
He was such a kind person and an absolute gentleman, always so friendly to my wife and kids. He always carried a positive attitude and he had an amazing knowledge of football.
I really enjoyed my time at Villa with Ray and I am very sad to lose such a great person, as he was.”
Fearless
Colin Calderwood reckons Aston Villa are shaping up well for the play-offs - but still believes Fulham and Cardiff have a slip-up or two left in them.
The claret and blues are hot on the heels of the second and third-placed sides after an emphatic 4-0 win over Ipswich Town at Portman Road.
Lewis Grabban's deadly double, either side of strikes from Conor Hourihane and Henri Lansbury, set up a third consecutive win which means the automatic promotion race is still on.
It would take an almighty fall from the teams with the initiative to allow Villa back in, but Calderwood believes there's still a chance.
The assistant boss conducted the post-match press conference in the absence of Steve Bruce, who headed back home to see to his sick mother, and said:
“At the moment, the teams above us might be fearful of losing a promotion.
“We are not.”
Asked if Villa were still fighting for the top-two, Calderwood replied: “Well, yes, but we don't know how hopeful that is for automatic.
“You would like to make the others win promotion, not fall over the line.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“In some ways it helps us because we have to keep winning and keep some sort of momentum for whatever may happen come the end of the season.
“In all honesty (the play-offs) don't really matter...You can go in with poor form but the experience can still help.”
Calderwood explained how he was pleased with the side for seeing off Ipswich in such convincing style.
He admitted that Grant Ward's sending off changed the game, though, as did the Tractor Boys' caretaker boss, Brian Klug.
“I've got no complaints,” said Klug. “There was no malice, it wasn't even rash, he just didn't see him.”
Calderwood agreed: “There's no malice, no intent, but as much as you feel sorry for the boy, there was nowhere else for the referee to go.”
And the man-advantage allowed Villa to run riot, eventually securing a fourth win in five games to maintain hopes of an 88-point haul.
“Whatever has happened this season, we still have to clear the final hurdle and win promotion," the No.2 continued.
“There could still be a really joyous day. We would like to finish it in a fortnight and do it. We will try for that.
“But we have an insurance policy of games after that which will be exciting for everyone. (Against Bolton, Hull and Norwich) we failed in a different manner in all of the games.
“It was something we should have addressed - or would like to have addressed - in the previous ones.
“But we've won a good number away from home.
“We just haven't taken points away from home in a period where it would have made a big difference to us.
“It's no disrespect to the teams we have played - but we have to be better.
“We think better of ourselves away from home and believe we can win.
“Because of that, we're disappointed with the results. But we still have something to play for.”
Man who poured boiling water over Hastings co-worker's head for taking a slice of sausage deported
The incident, that was caught on camera, took place in the lunchroom of a Turners and Growers pack house in Whakatu, near Hastings, in July 2015.
Sam Wustner of the Wustner Brothers Honey in Missoula, Montana, checks the honey comb in one of his hives in the Miller Creek area southwest of town on Sept. 26, 2017. Wustner says this year's wildfire season was particularly rough on the Brothers' hives. The Missoulian via AP Kurt Wilson
Jeff from the Jeremiah and Jeff Show wanted to make Valentine's Day a happy day for everyone on Tuesday, so he decided to spread the smiles around Cleveland.
He asked for listeners of the show to nominate their single friends so Jeff could surprise them with a special personal serenade on Valentine's Day.
That's right, Jeff wrote and performed a song for a single lady in desperate need of some love this Valentine's Day.
Here's Jeff at the Kenneth Clement Leadership Academy with 2nd grade teacher Caroline, set up by her friend HopeAnn!
To watch Jeff serenade another single lady in Cleveland on Tuesday, click this link here!
Reuters Sports Schedule at 0001 on Thursday, June 15
We will bring all the latest transfer news from around Europe as teams begin improving their squads for next season. (SOCCER-COUNTRY-TEAM/ expect throughout)
"Sexist" sprinkles have sparked controversy on social media after a post appeared showing a photo of pink and blue sprinkles on a supermarket shelf labelled boy's and girl's.
Felicity Bright took a photo of the Countdown labels saying "girl sprinkles" and "boys sprinkles" underneath jars of pink and blue Mrs Rogers sprinkles.
She posted the photo on Countdown's Facebook page saying she was intrigued to see boy and girl sprinkles in the Hobsonville store.
"How do these work? I sprinkle the 'boy' in the air and a boy appears? Or a girl, if I sprinkle the suitably pink version? Or do I sprinkle the 'girl' ones onto my boy to turn him into a girl and vice versa? Could you explain?" she posted.
Advertisement
"I'm curious about the relationship between sprinkles and gender. Maybe, just maybe, it's old fashioned everyday sexism. Perhaps you could revise your labels."
Fifteen hours after the photo was posted it had gained more than 1000 comments some supporting her stance, others calling it "PC gone mad".
Hi Countdown. I was intrigued to see boy and girl sprinkles in your Hobsonville store the other day. How do these work?... Posted by Felicity Bright on Sunday, 13 August 2017
One person said: "They are sprinkles for baking for goodness sake. If my girl wanted BLUE dinosaur sprinkles on her cake then she'll get blue dinosaurs... Are you going to walk into baby factory, farmers, baby city etc and complain there are boy and girl clothes?"
Another said: "Is it really worth the drama? If you want pink Ones buy pink. Want blue, buy blue. Does a name really define an object and upset people that much these days? To much time on ya hands my dear."
But many agreed with Bright saying: "Yeah its all not a problem until your little girl wants the blue sprinkles, but see's those are "boy" sprinkles, so perhaps she changes her mind to conform to the social norms y'all talking about, and vice versa for boys....y'all would lose your minds if the dark chocolate sprinkles were labelled Maori sprinkles and the white chocolate sprinkles pakeha."
Another said: "Wow I am surprised how many people missed your point. It's a prime example of institutionalised sexism. She was merely pointing out that's not necessary to label (on the countdown price tag) that colours or sprinkles belong to a gender."
Others were more light-hearted about it.
"I'd be more worried about those poor bake cups below being called thick my god they have feelings," one person said.
Others posted: "Clearly the mistake is that the girl sprinkles should be 18% cheaper..." and "Are these colors really pink or blue? Or faded red and lightened blue?"
Countdown replied on Facebook and said staff had made contact with the Hobsonville store to correct the labelling on our shelves.
Spokeswoman for the chain Kate Porter told the Herald the company agreed the sprinkles should not be gendered and were changing the ticketing as quickly as possible.
JD Wetherspoons has called time on a habit popular with many customers - asking staff to charge their mobile phones behind the bar.
The popular chain, with pubs across Sussex - famed for its curry club, fish Fridays and cut-price booze - has reportedly had enough of punters taking advantage of their hospitality by asking staff to juice up their mobiles at the bar.
And now they're introducing a nationwide ban.
A Wetherspoon spokesman said: “The bar itself is busy and we do not want people's phones there.
“We also do not want the hassle of phones being handed over the bar for charging.
“If people wish to charge their phone in the pub, then that would be up to the discretion of the manager.”
The statement implies that Wetherspoons would prefer if nobody charged their phone at the bar - but that specific pubs will decide for themselves.
Last week, Wetherspoons was accused of ripping off customers by charging twice as much at airport branches.
A Wetherspoon spokesman said: “There is a mark up between our high street pubs, mainly as a result in the difference between rent and rates.
“Airports are at the top end of the scale in respect of these costs.”
Waiting for the clock to tick 10:30 🕦 #hitentejwaniofficial #TeamHitenTejwani #biggboss11 #Biggboss #colorstv #keeprooting #keepsupporting
A post shared by hitentejwani (@hitentejwani) on Oct 5, 2017 at 8:59am PDT
Muskurane ki wajah tum ho..major throwback..#throwbackthursday #dance #capture #time #stands #still #hitentejwaniofficial
A post shared by hitentejwani (@hitentejwani) on Sep 14, 2017 at 6:06am PDT
Throw us back to this place ...#throwbackthursday #gpradhan #beach #instagood #water #life #thankyou #hitentejwaniofficial
A post shared by hitentejwani (@hitentejwani) on Sep 7, 2017 at 6:10am PDT
A post shared by hitentejwani (@hitentejwani) on
: TV actor Hiten Tejwani is currently seen in Colors TV's show ‘Bigg Boss 11'. Hiten is known for his role in Star Plus show, ‘Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi' and ‘Kutumb'. Hiten and his wife Gauri are one of the ideal couples of our TV industry.But recently as he is in Bigg Boss 11, we have got our hands on a shocking revelation about his past. Otherwise Hiten is not talking much or getting into fights, but this huge secret about his past caught everyone's attention. No one knows that this is Hiten is second marriage.Before getting married to Gauri, he was married to someone else. Earlier in an interview with India Forums, Hiten revealed that he is a divorcee. He said, “Yes, I was married once, before Gauri entered my life. I didn't want to talk about it. Divorce isn't the best thing that can happen to anyone.”He further said, “After a bitter experience, I've realised that it's better to get married to a person you love. My marriage with Gauri (Pradhan) is the best thing that could ever happen to me. We know each other inside out. Also, since we're in the same profession, it helps us understand each other better,”Hiten has two children with Gauri Pradhan.
By Abby Hassler
Bruno Mars shocked his sold-out Auburn Hills, MI audience on Saturday (August 12) when he announced he will donate $1 million from the show's proceeds to provide aid to Flint water crisis victims.
Related: Bruno Mars Releases ‘Versace on the Floor' Video Starring Zendaya
“I'm very thankful to the Michigan audience for joining me in supporting this cause,” Mars said. “Ongoing challenges remain years later for Flint residents, and it's important that we don't forget our brothers and sisters affected by this disaster. As people, especially as Americans, we need to stand together to make sure something like this never happens in any community ever again.”
The funds will benefit The Community Foundation of Greater Flint nonprofit.
April 13 Oxley Holdings Limited
* Pricing Of Us$200 mln 6.375 Per Cent. Notes Due 2021
* 2021 notes will bear interest at a fixed rate of 6.375 per cent. Per annum and will mature on 21 april 2021.
* Oxley Mtn Pte. priced its us$200 million 6.375 per cent. Notes due 2021 under its u.s.$1 billion guaranteed euro medium term note programme Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Stringent rules did pull down the HSC results this year and the competition at the highest level is reduced marginally this time. For the nth time girls outshine boys in the CBSE examination and the girls have once again proved that they are second to none with stupendous show. As in the past the girls take over boys in education and it is a good sign. In all HSC results brought joy to many despite the fact that the rule change for internal evaluation by colleges did give a leeway but that mattered much in the end. All streams may see CBSE and ISC students ruling the roost in the merit list. It is notable that students in Mumbai failed to make it to the topper's list. State's Education Ministry should go into the details and find out the reasons for the slump in results and why there fewer students in the distinction as well first class list.
Anandambal Subbu
(The views expressed by the author in the article are his/her own.)
Former Penrith and Roosters star Brad Fittler believes some players are hiding behind excuses when justifying moves to other clubs.
Less than two months into the 2017 season, already the news and rumours around player movement have been in full flow.
Last week, Cronulla centre Jack Bird signed a lucrative deal to play for the Broncos in 2018 and beyond, the futures of Tigers stars Aaron Woods, James Tedesco and Mitchell Moses are up in the air, and there's been no shortage of speculation about whether Bulldogs five-eighth Josh Reynolds and prop James Graham will be at Belmore next year.
Add into the mix, the uncertainty of where - or if - Cooper Cronk's career will continue, when he moves from Melbourne to Sydney at the end of the season and what lies in store for Kieran Foran, when he finishes his year-long stint with the Warriors, and there's plenty to keep rugby league fans interested away from the field.
But whenever players decide to change clubs, Fittler says there's one explanation that comes up all too often for his liking.
"What I find a bit rich [is] everyone's attitude towards, 'You're only in the game for so long and you've got to make the most money possible and set yourself up'," Fittler said, on the Sunday Footy Show.
"I think that's a crock, it's a total crock.
"You've got to build your nest egg and chase all the money you can. How many times, Joey [fellow panellist Andrew Johns], did you decide to stay at Newcastle, because you were happy, your friends were there, you had a good footy team, you love the team and you love the club?
"How many times would you have stayed [in Newcastle when coming off contract]?"
Continued below.
Related Content NRL: NRL Round 7 redux NRL: Eels fight back to seize victory over Wests Tigers Rugby: Kiwi Ben Te'o tipped for Lions tour, head-to-head with SBW
Fittler raised the matter in a segment when Jack Bird's move to Brisbane was being discussed, but didn't specifically mention the 22-year-old. Bird is yet to speak publicly, since news broke of his deal with Brisbane worth a reported $1 million a season, but it's widely assumed his motivation to head north was sparked by a desire to play closer to the ball at five-eighth, rather than staying out wide, where he currently plays at Cronulla.
Tigers captain Woods has spoken often this season about his responsibility to his family being one of the main drivers behind what he decides to do with his next contract. He's spoken passionately about players needing to do what's best for themselves and their loved ones, when it comes to deciding what direction their career will take.
While few would criticise players doing what's best for their families, Fittler is clearly upset at the lack of loyalty in the game these days.
Melbourne fullback Billy Slater said Bird's decision to leave the Sydney Shire, after what will have been nearly three full seasons in first grade at the Sharks, was a reflection of the trend emerging among young players in the NRL.
"It's just the way the game is at the moment," Slater said. "Young players are willing to test the open market and leave clubs.
"I think, back in the day, you stayed the majority of the time where you've come through, but it's just the way the modern game is at the moment.
"You've got to be happy. If you're not happy, it doesn't take long for your footy to fall away if you're not in a happy environment and a successful culture.
"He [Bird] has got that down at the Sharks and the Broncos have certainly got their successful culture too, so he's not going to a different place there, but you've go to be happy."
- news.com.au
A man from Wrexham has been jailed after a court heard how he downloaded the most appalling images of child sex abuse available.
The images were described as “absolutely awful” and “shocking” at Mold Crown Court.
It was feared that defendant Stephen Anthony Harris, 41, was unlikely to ever change.
Some of the images and movies involved the rape of toddlers as young as three who had been bound with tape.
Harris, of Market Street in Rhos, had previous convictions for downloading images.
Judge Rhys Rowlands jailed him for three years and ordered him to register with the police as a sex offender indefinitely.
He was also made the subject of a new Sexual Harm Prevention Order.
Judge Rowlands told Harris that in August 2015 he was made the subject of a three-year community order for making and possessing indecent images of children, but he was now back before the court after he committed similar offences in breach of the order.
He had other previous convictions and had admitted breaching the requirements of his sexual registration on the day before he appeared in the magistrates court after he used an internet identification which was not registered with the police.
The court heard how officers went to his home on May 24 and found a USB storage stick which contained a significant number of indecent movies and images.
“They had been downloaded and stored by you so you could return to them time and again, to satisfy your wholly un-natural sexual interest in young children,” said Judge Rowlands.
Police found 168 category A movies and 76 category A images, the nature of which were described as “quite shocking”.
They involved a number of young victims being raped.
Other images and movies were also discovered.
Then while on bail, the day before he attended Wrexham Magistrates Court to answer the charges, he accessed the internet in breach of the terms of the sexual offences registration.
He contacted someone using a user name which had not been registered with the police.
Harris was seeking to contact people without being identified which could only be “for a sinister reason”, said the judge.
Judge Rowlands described the offences as “serious and very disturbing” made the more so by his previous convictions.
He had been given chances to addressed his “depraved behaviour” but he continued despite courses to help him stop.
“The very young are being exploited by others so that the likes of yourself can view their torment and get satisfaction from it,” he declared.
Judge Rowlands said he accepted that, while Harris continued to offend, there had been no escalation.
Harris admitted making category A, B and C movies and images and possessing a total of 636 images.
Barrister Karl Scholz, prosecuting, said police received information that Harris had been downloading images and went to his home in May where they were recovered on a storage stick.
They showed boys and girls as young as three being penetrated and being subjects to various sexual acts.
It was also found he was using aliases on Facebook and other sites.
The prosecutor said it was quite clear from the assessment in the pre-sentence report that Harris was “unlikely to ever change”.
Harris had similar previous convictions in 2007, 2011 and 2015 and it was clear he was still deliberately searching for such images.
Barrister Gemma Gordon, defending, said her client was fully aware he would receive an immediate custodial sentence and that his previous convictions aggravated his situation.
The probation service considered the best way to manage him going forward was to send him into custody.
While his offending was clearly very serious there had been no escalation and she stressed that it was downloading as opposed to any active engagement with children. A determinate sentence was appropriate, she said.
The breach of his register had been a stupid thing to do and he wished to apologise that he had relapsed into offending.
He had been due to attend further courses but now appreciated that would be no longer possible and that he would go into custody.
AIG teams with IBM to use blockchain for 'smart' insurance policy
June 14 Insurer American International Group Inc has partnered with International Business Machines Corp to develop a "smart" insurance policy that uses blockchain to manage complex international coverage, the companies said on Wednesday.
$11.77 per week *
Purchase a Newspaper + Premium Digital subscription for $11.77 per week.
You will be billed $66.30 per month after the trial ends
On a night when a general manager was accused of having five burner accounts on Twitter, there was no better place to be than Twitter.
Everyone from Philadelphia 76ers star Joel Embiid, fellow general managers and teams from other sports came swooping in to have some fun at the expense of Philadelphia's Bryan Colangelo Tuesday night. The 76ers president and GM allegedly leaked sensitive information and trashed some of his own players through the burner accounts, according to a report from the Ringer.
One of the players criticized by the alleged burner accounts, Embiid, didn't hold back.
“BRUH,” he tweeted, with a picture of him from draft night. The photo conveniently included Embiid in a collar. One of the burner accounts defending Colangelo's super-sized collars was one of the more hilarious moments of the evening.
“Joel told me that @samhinkie IS BETTER AND SMARTER THAN YOU @AlVic40117560 #BurnerAccount,” Embiid tweeted later.
Embiid, who went back and liked some of the burner account's tweets about him, later said he didn't believe the story because “that would just be insane.”
Colangelo's counterparts didn't stay on the sideline.
“You need two blue checks to confirm you are not a burner,” Houston Rockets general manager Daryl Morey tweeted in response to a SB Nation post stating it was not from a Morey burner account.
Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban, who is active from his own account, followed that up by citing the “Twitter TWTR, +1.44% Posting Agreement,” playing off the league's Collective Bargaining Agreement.
“Actually, that was back in the day,” Cuban said while quote-tweeting Morey's joke. “As of the new TPA (Twitter Posting Agreement) every NBA exec gets assigned 7 burner accounts. Let me know if I can help you get [flame emoji] for your accounts. BTW, loved your burner account names. @moreymeister is my fave. #FeelTheBurn.”
Boston Celtics general manager Danny Ainge poked fun, too, responding with a “shh” emoji when a user tweeted that a Celtics' fan account must be his burner.
By Wednesday morning, the Minnesota Timberwolves had tweeted a video of them deleting a burner account from their phone. They, ironically, deleted the tweet.
The reaction wasn't contained to just basketball circles. The Tampa Bay Rays tweeted they had no burner accounts, the Oakland Athletics joked that they had to “unclick burner accounts” before completing their own double play, and the Colorado Rockies tweeted a message pretending to be from a burner account:
keep up the great work @rockies you are the best Twitter account in the world and the best team inthe @mlb n everyone should try to be just like u — Colorado Rockies (@Rockies) May 30, 2018
This report previously appeared at NYPost.com.
DUBAI A Bahraini court on Wednesday sentenced two citizens to death over a 2015 bomb attack that killed two police officers and wounded six others, the public prosecutor said.
The High Criminal Court also sentenced five other people to life in jail and 15 more to prison terms ranging from six months to 10 years, while two more were cleared, the prosecutor said in a statement.
Authorities in the Western-allied kingdom are cracking down on dissent by arresting activists, banning the main Shi'ite opposition al-Wefaq group and taking steps to dissolve a secular association.
Bahrain had been hit by occasional unrest since authorities crushed 2011 protests, mainly by the Shi'ite majority demanding a bigger share in running the country.
The al-Wasat newspaper identified the two men sentenced to death as Mohammed Ibrahim Al-Touq and Mohammed Qadhi Abdullah.
They had been named in an August 2015 report by state news agency BNA as having been among a group detained in connection with an explosion the previous month outside a girls school in Sitra village, east of the capital Manama, that killed two policemen and wounded six.
The court also revoked the citizenship of eight members of the group and ordered seven others to pay 6,640 dinars ($17,616)to cover damages caused by the blast. The rulings are subject to appeal.
Bahrain in January executed three Shi'ite men convicted of killing three policemen, including an officer from the United Arab Emirates, in a 2014 bomb attack. They were the first such executions in over two decades and led to protests in the Sunni-ruled kingdom.
($1 = 0.3769 Bahraini dinars)
(Writing by Sami Aboudi, editing by Angus MacSwan)
VANCOUVER (miningweekly.com) – The TSX-V-listed equity of Rye Patch Gold jumped more than 11% on Monday following a joint announcement with junior explorer Alio Gold that the companies have agreed to execute a plan of arrangement through which Alio will acquire Rye Patch.
Vancouver-based Alio, which is operating the San Francisco mine, in Sonora state, Mexico, and working on drilling out the development-stage Ana Paula project, in Guerrero state, will gain a foothold in the US's most promising gold mining district of Nevada, where Rye Patch has control over about 18 000 ha of land in the Oreana Trend.
Advertisement
This includes the Florida Canyon mine, which was recently restarted and achieved commercial production in December.
The proposed deal will lift Alio's pro forma output this year by 65% to 165 000 oz of gold from two openpit, heap leach operations in the stable jurisdictions.
Advertisement
"This transaction is consistent with our strategy to create a leading mid-tier precious metals company. In addition to diversifying our asset base into one of the most attractive precious metal producing regions in the world, this transaction provides us with increased scale and liquidity to drive long term shareholder value. We see regional growth opportunities in Nevada and coupled with our high-grade, high-margin Ana Paula project, this transaction establishes a strong platform for future growth," stated Alio CEO Greg McCunn.
The deal will also result in a strong balance sheet for the combined pro forma entity of about $74-million in cash and equivalents and $29-million in total debt.
Under terms of the arrangement, each Rye Patch share will be exchanged for 0.48 common shares of Alio. The offer implies a value of C$1.57 per Rye Patch share, which reflects a 35% premium to Rye Patch shareholders, based on the 20-day volume weighted average trading price of Alio shares on the TSX and Rye Patch shares on the TSX-V for the period up to Friday.
The offer values Rye Patch's outstanding undiluted equity at about C$128-million. Alio expects to issue about 39-million shares, subject to adjustment for options, warrants and restricted stock units vested prior to the arrangement.
Pending regulatory, stock exchange and shareholder approvals, the transaction is expected to close by May 25 and existing Alio and Rye Patch shareholders will own about 53% and 47% of the combined company, respectively. Both companies' boards have unanimously approved the transaction.
Following the announcement, Rye Patch Gold's TSX-V-listed equity rose C$0.14 a share to an intra-day high of C$1.40 a share. Alio's TSX-listed stock fell 13% on Monday to a new 52-week low of C$2.76 a share, as is usually the case when an acquirer announces a deal publicly.
A study by the Army Corps of Engineers has revealed near systemic height violations by levee districts between Alton and Burlington, Iowa, raising fears that water displacement caused by the overbuilt structures could magnify the impacts of major flooding along the Mississippi River.
The Corps is not identifying the districts in violation. However, a close examination of survey charts – which remain unpublished – shows numerous examples of levees over the allowed height, some by as much as 4 feet.
The districts in question appear to include seven levees in Illinois, four in Missouri and two in Iowa in 10 different levee districts.
“If you modify a federal structure, you have to have permission to do so,” said Scott Whitney, district flood risk manager for the Corps' Rock Island Division. “[We looked at] 202 miles of mainstream levees and, out of that, 80 miles of 202 are 2 to 4 feet higher than they are supposed to be. That's pretty significant.”
Whitney said the Corps is particularly concerned about collective impacts the levees could have taken all together.
The study was carried out during 2016 using GPS surveying equipment. Notably, the height additions seem to stop at Burlington, with the data indicating all levees between there and Muscatine, Iowa is in compliance.
The results are significant enough that the St. Louis Division of the Corps has decided to survey levee districts within its boundaries as well. That report is expected to take a year to complete.
.
Placing blame
Officials with several levee districts were adamant their levees were within the authorized limits, or say they had permission from the Corps to modify the structures. Some blamed the Corps, claiming the agency overbuilt them during construction in the 1950s and 1960s, before they were handed off to local control.
“I can tell that any height that [has been added] to that levee, the Corps of Engineers has done it, and they've approved it,” Randy Klocke of the Marion County Drainage District said. “We have never put any sand on top of that levee. It has always been done by them and approved by them, and within the last year they've come up with this.”
The levee districts have fierce critics, however, who argue the changes are recent, and are putting them and their property at risk.
“It absolutely shows a disregard for state and federal law,” said Al Murry, emergency management director for Pike County, Missouri.
Corps officials seem to agree the changes were relatively recent.
“The vast majority of these appear to have been done after the 2008 [flood] event,” Whitney said.
So far, only one levee district – the Sny Island Drainage District – has received punitive action for the levee raises. The massive levee district, which reaches from Calhoun County nearly to Quincy, operates three levees cited by Corps.
In September 2015, the Corps suspended the district from its “PL84-99” program – meaning it is no longer eligible for certain types of disaster assistance. The Corps, in a letter, stated that modifications had “encroached upon the federally authorized project.” According to FEMA, Sny is at risk of losing its flood insurance rating as a result, which would result in significantly higher crop and structural insurance.
The suspension, however, was based on a 2014 survey. The Corps would not comment on whether the 2016 survey would result in suspensions, saying only they are sharing data with the levee districts.
Federal guidelines, however, appear to require the Corps to initiate measures to lower levees if a violation is determined.
Whitney believes insurance may have something do with the clamor for height. Worsening floods along the river forced the Federal Emergency Management Agency to increase the height it considers an average “100 year” flood. This left some districts, which formerly had been at 100 year heights, below the new certification level, and facing the loss of cheap crop and structural insurance.
Critics, however, argue the levees districts are their own worst enemy, largely causing the increase in flood intensity.
.
A rising tide
Communities along the river face two impacts from nearby levees, experts argue.
The first is a loss of storage capacity when floodplains are walled off from their adjacent river channels. As a result, floodwaters are unable to spread out, leaving them with one way to go – up. The higher a levee is built, the more significant the effect.
“Every inch of levee that is not protecting you is pushing flood risk from the levee-protected area to its neighbors,” Nicholas Pinter, a geoscience professor at the University of California, Davis, who conducted his original research while teaching at Southern Illinois University Carbondale.
A second impact, Pinter said, comes from loss of “conveyance,” or the ability of water of to move across the floodplains. The effect, he said, is the creation of a bottleneck above levees, also forcing water to rise up to several feet higher.
“People have different opinions on that, but the data is clear,” Pinter said. “Up to 90 percent of the water on an un-leveed floodplain is actually going over the floodplain. When you put a wall on it, even when it breaches it is impeding that flow.”
According to Robert Criss, a geology professor at Washington University in St. Louis, the impacts have been significant.
“Water levels now are at least 10 feet higher than they were 100 years ago (during) serious floods,” Criss said.
Criss points to river gauge data as proof. Archival data was not immediately available for Alton, but in Grafton, where the records stretch back to the 1840s, eight of the 10 worst floods events have happened since 1973 – a more than tenfold increase in the frequency of the worst events. St. Louis and Hannibal show similar trends.
Hannibal, which saw its floodwall completed just in time to ride out the 1993 flood, has been a source of concern for Pinter, who has studied the impacts of the adjacent Sny Levee system. The research, he said, indicates Hannibal is located at a chokepoint, making it the most impacted location along the Sny.
Computer models indicate river levels near the city swell eight feet higher during 1993 magnitude floods than they would under natural conditions. With the city surviving the 1993 flood with just 2.2 feet of floodwall remaining, any additional height added to the Sny could endanger the city, he said.
“Frankly I remain a little surprised that residents and leaders of Hannibal are not more concerned and aware about what is happening on the other side of the river,” Pinter said. “Why are some of the neighboring communities a little bit complacent about all this? You look out on a sunny, dry day across the river, a levee going higher than it was, higher than maybe it is legally authorized to be. Every time a new levee goes in or a levee increases in height, every inch of that is exporting flood risk, and you can't see flood risk.”
Flood risk is not just upstream or across from levees, Pinter added, but also occurs downstream due to the loss of floodplain storage. This leaves Grafton, which lies between the overbuilt northern levees and newer St. Louis levees potentially in the crosshairs during a major flood event.
“We've made the rivers into monsters by thinking we are going to control them,” Criss said. “You can see it at Grafton.”
http://myjournalcourier.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_leveesmap.jpg http://myjournalcourier.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_web-levee_flooding.jpg
By Alex B. Heeb [email protected]
Alex Heeb can be reached at 618-208-6451 or on Twitter @alexheebs.
Alex Heeb can be reached at 618-208-6451 or on Twitter @alexheebs.
Volkswagen Philippines, the No. 1 European car brand in the country in 2016, has recently reported a unit sales increase of 133 percent for the first half of 2017 compared to the same period last year.
The exclusive Philippine importer and distributor of the German-based automaker sold over a cumulative 566 Volkswagen vehicles to buyers from January to end-June this year, compared to the 243 units sold in the same period in 2016, further reinforcing its bid to become the number one European car brand for two consecutive years.
The more-than-double sales output of Volkswagen Philippines has been attributed to robust sales performances across its model line-up.
New jetta, golf variants
Volkswagen Philippines' volume driver and its No. 1 selling vehicle in 2016, the Jetta, has contributed substantially. Among the world's most successful sedans, with already 14 million units sold in its six generations, the Jetta in the Philippines is expected to create a bigger sales impact come second half of 2017, as Volkswagen Philippines has just announced that the newest versions of the Jetta, the Business Edition+ and Business Edition, are now available in all its eight dealerships nationwide.
The Jetta is dubbed as the sedan “Made for Everyday Driving” with its stylish looks, feature-packed amenities, and remarkable comfort features. Being the only diesel model in the segment, its advanced technology and safety features reinforce the Jetta's value-for-money proposition.
The Business Edition+ and Business Edition are equipped with Bi-Xenon headlights, Adaptive Front Lighting System, LED daytime running lights, 17-inch Lancaster alloy wheels and sunroof.
The interior features the Fender 8-speaker sound system, dual zone Climatronic air-conditioning, rain sensor, 6-way power driver seat plus lumbar adjust, leather seats, Keyless-Go with Push Start and the 5.8” Touchscreen Color Display Audio.
Safety highlights for the Business Edition+ include the Adaptive Cruise Control, Blind Spot Alert, and Front Assist with Forward Collision Warning.
The Jetta is powered by a 2.0-liter turbo-charged direct injection (TDI) diesel engine mated to a 6-speed DSG transmission system which generates 150 PS (148 hp) of power at 3,500-4,200 rpm and a class-leading 340 Newton-meters of torque at 1,750-3,000 rpm.
Available exterior colors for the Jetta Business Edition+ and Business Edition are Black, Platinum Gray, Toffee Brown, Cardinal Red Metallic, Reflex Silver, Blue Silk, Pure White, and Moon Rock Silver. Interior color options are Black (not available for Toffee Brown) and Beige (not available for Platinum Gray and Reflex Silver).
For all these features, the Jetta is priced at P1.25 million for the Business Edition and P1.3 million for the Business Edition+.
Along with the Jetta, the new Golf GTS (Grand Touring Sport) is also available at Volkswagen dealerships. In over seven generations of production, the Golf has sold over 30 million units. In the Philippines, the Golf GTS comes in as the only diesel model in its segment.
The Golf GTS wagon body style carries the DNA of the original Golf, but offers 350 liters more cargo space if rear seats are folded (220 liters if not folded), than its hatchback version. The GTS wagon style is ideal for those who love the power and performance the Golf has been known for over the years, yet still value the comfort and space of a wagon.
The Golf GTS has two variants, the Business Edition+ and Business Edition. Both are powered by the 2.0 TDI diesel engine mated to the 6-speed DSG transmission system, and generates 150 PS (148 hp) of power at 3,500-4,200 rpm, and class-leading maximum torque of 340 Nm at 1,750-3,000 rpm.
The Golf GTS is available in eight exterior colors: Pure White, Reflex Silver, Tungsten Silver, Blue Silk, Tornado Red, Night Blue Metallic, Platinum Grey, and Black.
The Golf GTS Business Edition is priced at P1.35 million while the Business Edition+ is available at P1.4 million.
Much more than just exceeding sales goals, Volkswagen Philippines says it is fully committed to making every vehicle that rolls out of its dealerships exceed its owner's expectations, because for Volkswagen, It's More Than Just A Car.
For more details on the Jetta and the Golf GTS, and to arrange a test drive, log on to www.volkswagen.com.ph, or visit any of the brand's eight dealerships located at: Volkswagen BGC at 938 28th Street City Center, Bonifacio Global City, Taguig City; Volkswagen Quezon Avenue at 1229 Quezon Avenue, Quezon City; Volkswagen Alabang at Unit 4 Molito Lifestyle Building, Commerce corner Madrigal Avenue, Alabang, Muntinlupa City; Volkswagen Greenfield District Service Center at 833 Sheridan Street, Barangay Highway Hills, Mandaluyong City; Volkswagen Pampanga at McArthur Highway, Dolores, City of San Fernando, Pampanga; Volkswagen Cebu at A. Soriano Avenue, North Reclamation Area, Cebu City; Volkswagen Iloilo (upper ground level of SM Iloilo along Benigno Aquino Sr. Avenue); and Volkswagen Bacolod (along Araneta Street, Singcang, Bacolod City, Negros Occidental).
Dear PAO,
I have an aunt who was able to transfer a piece of land, which belonged to my deceased father, in her name. My aunt stole the original land title and transferred it in her name, through a deed of sale, forging my father's signature. Immediately, after knowing this, we filed an adverse claim over the subject land in 2008. We want to know the action we can take in order to revert the property's ownership to us.
Sincerely yours,
Epifanio
Dear Epifanio,
The legal provisions which can address your situation are Articles 1409 and 1410 of the New Civil Code of the Philippines, in relation to the case of Spouses Patricio and Myrna Bernales vs. Heirs of Julian Sambaan (G.R No. 163271, January 15, 2010), penned by Associate Justice Mariano del Castillo, wherein the Supreme Court held:
“Art. 1409. The following contracts are inexistent and void from the beginning:
(1) Those whose cause, object or purpose is contrary to law, morals, good customs, public order or public policy;
(2) Those which are absolutely simulated or fictitious;
(3) Those whose cause or object did not exist at the time of the transaction;
(4) Those whose object is outside the commerce of men;
(5) Those which contemplate an impossible service;
(6) Those where the intention of the parties relative to the principal object of the contract cannot be ascertained;
(7) Those expressly prohibited or declared void by law.
These contracts cannot be ratified. Neither can the right to set up the defense of illegality be waived.” (Emphasis supplied)
“Art. 1410. The action or defense for the declaration of the inexistence of a contract does not prescribe.”
Furthermore, the above-mentioned jurisprudence elucidated the following:
“The forged Deed of Absolute Sale is null and conveys no title.
In Sps. Solivel v. Judge Francisco, we held that:
“x x x in order that the holder of a certificate for value issued by virtue of the registration of a voluntary instrument may be considered a holder in good faith for value, the instrument registered should not be forged. When the instrument presented is forged, even if accompanied by the owner's duplicate certificate of title, the registered owner does not thereby lose his title, and neither does the assignee in the forged deed acquire any right or title to the property.
x x x The innocent purchaser for value protected by law is one who purchases a titled land by virtue of a deed executed by the registered owner himself, not by a forged deed, as the law expressly states. x x x
The supposed vendor's signature having been proved to be a forgery, the instrument is totally void or inexistent as “absolutely simulated or fictitious” under Article 1409 of the Civil Code. According to Article 1410, “the action or defense for the declaration of the inexistence of a contract does not prescribe. The inexistence of a contract is permanent and incurable which cannot be cured either by ratification or by prescription.” (Emphasis supplied)
Hence, since you alleged that the deed of sale executed was forged, then, if the same is proven to be true, it conveyed no title or any right to your aunt.
Therefore, in your situation, filing a complaint for the “Declaration of Nullity of the Deed of Absolute Sale” is the action you need to take. The ground on which the action shall rest is your allegation that the contract is simulated or fictitious in accord with the above-stated provisions of law (Article 1409 of the New Civil Code of the Philippines). The complaint shall then be filed in the Regional Trial Court where the subject land is situated.
Again, we find it necessary to mention that this opinion is solely based on the facts you have narrated and our appreciation of the same. The opinion may vary when the facts are changed or elaborated.
We hope that we were able to enlighten you on the matter.
Editor's note: Dear PAO is a daily column of the Public Attorney's Office. Questions for Chief Acosta may be sent to dearpao@manilatimes.net.
By Robyn Collins
Singer and actor Jared Leto appeared on the Thursday, Oct. 5 episode of The Ellen DeGeneres Show and shared his thoughts on Sunday night's mass shooting at the Route 91 Harvest festival in Las Vegas.
Ellen asked him how the tragedy had informed his feelings about performing. “When something like this happens, does this put fear into you? ‘Cause no one would imagine anything like this could happen, and then it does, and now you're touring — how do you feel?”
Related: Jared Leto Stars in New ‘Blade Runner 2049' Short Film
The artist considered the question and responded, “You know, it's horrific. It's heartbreaking, but I do think that no matter how much evil there is in the world nothing can defeat the human spirit. We need to continue to live our lives, to follow our dreams and to keep moving forward.”
“It's just heartbreaking and senseless, and you know, I hope that if there's anything that comes from this, it's that we all get a little closer,” he continued. “We all listen a little bit more and have a greater sense of understanding and empathy and kindness with each other.”
Consumer confidence has picked up where it left off, before last year's general election, according to the latest Westpac McDermott Miller survey for March.
Westpac said confidence had recovered its post-election drop, and was now back around average levels.
The bank said spending appetites have increased and households 'still don't seem focused on paying down debt".
The Westpac McDermott Miller Consumer Confidence Index rose 3.8 points in March, taking it to a level of 111.2 - reversing most of the drop seen in the wake of last year's election.
Advertisement
"It's not unusual to see a bit of nervousness around major events like elections, or for the related wobbles in confidence to fade after a few months," Westpac senior economist Satish Ranchhod said.
Political developments aren't the only thing affecting confidence right now, Ranchhod said.
"The past few months have also seen mortgage rates pushing down and a related second wind in the housing market. We've also continued to see positive conditions in some key sectors of the economy, like the hospitality sector," it said.
Looking into the detail of what's behind the lift in consumer confidence, Westpac said households are feeling more optimistic about the outlook for their own financial situation over the coming year.
"They have also become more upbeat about the economy's longer-term trajectory more generally," it said.
The lift in confidence was widespread across geographic regions and household groups.
The survey was conduted from March 1 to March 15 and had a sample szie of 1,552.
Syria's President Bashar al-Assad in Damascus, Syria, in this handout picture provided by SANA on April 6, 2017. SANA/Handout via REUTERS
AMMAN A joint command centre made up of the forces of Russia, Iran and militias supporting Syrian President Bashar al-Assad on Sunday said the U.S. strike on a Syrian air base on Friday crossed "red lines" and it would respond to any new aggression and increase its support for its ally.
The United States fired dozens of cruise missiles at a Syrian air base on Friday from which it said a deadly chemical weapons attack had been launched earlier in the week, escalating the U.S. role in Syria and drawing criticism from Assad's allies including Russia and Iran.
"What America waged in an aggression on Syria is a crossing of red lines. From now on we will respond with force to any aggressor or any breach of red lines from whoever it is and America knows our ability to respond well," said the statement published by the group on media outlet Ilam al Harbi (War Media).
U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, meanwhile, blamed Russian inaction for helping fuel the chemical weapons attack it had reacted to, saying Moscow had failed to carry out a 2013 agreement to secure and destroy chemical weapons in Syria.
He said the United States expected Russia to take a tougher stance against Syria by rethinking its alliance with Assad because "every time one of these horrific attacks occurs, it draws Russia closer into some level of responsibility."
Rebels and residents in northwestern Idlib province said jets believed to be Russian conducted eight raids on Sunday on the town of Khan Sheikhoun where the chemical attack took place but no casualties were reported.
Raids hit several other rebel-held towns including Saraqeb and Sarmin in the province, where the rebels and activists said incendiary bombs were dropped.
The death toll from an air strike on Saturday on the rebel-held town of Urum al-Joz in Idlib province rose to 19 people, including six children, activists and residents said.
In the southern city of Daraa, jets believed to be Russian escalated strikes on Free Syrian Army (FSA) and jihadist groups on Saturday and Sunday in an attempt to roll back their gains in the Manshiya district where battles have been raging for nearly two months.
PUTIN, ROUHANI SPEAK
Russian President Vladimir Putin and Iran's Hassan Rouhani said in a phone call that aggressive U.S. actions against Syria were not permissible and violated international law, the Kremlin said on Sunday.
The two leaders also called for an objective investigation into an incident involving chemical weapons in Syria's Idlib and said they were ready to deepen cooperation to fight terrorism, the Kremlin said in a statement on its website.
Syrian army forces had been losing ground across the country until Russia intervened militarily in September 2015, propping up Assad and protecting its own interests in the region.
Assad has also drawn heavily on foreign Shi'ite militias sponsored by Iran, led by Lebanon's Hezbollah group, for his most important gains since the Russian intervention.
The joint command centre also said the presence of U.S troops in northern Syria where Washington has hundreds of special forces helping the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) to oust Islamic State was "illegal" and that Washington had a long-term plan to occupy the area.
The regional alliance said the U.S. cruise missile strikes on a Syrian base which Washington said was involved in a chemical attack that killed dozens of civilians would not deter their forces from "liberating" all of Syrian territory.
In Iran, Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei said the U.S. missile strike was a "a strategic error, and a repeat of the mistakes of the past," the state news agency IRNA reported.
"The Islamic Republic has shown that ... it does not back off and its people and officials ... do not retreat in the face of threats," said Khamenei.
Many Syrians opposed to Assad's rule consider Lebanon's Hezbollah and Iranian-backed troops as occupiers seeking to drive out mainly Sunni Syrians from the areas they live in. They hold Iran and its allies responsible for the displacement of millions outside the country.
They also see Russia as a foreign occupier whose relentless aerial bombardment of rebel-held areas has led to thousands of civilian casualties. Some accuse Moscow of applying a "scorched-earth policy" that targets hospitals, schools and residential areas more than frontlines to break the resolve of the anti-Assad insurgency.
(Reporting by Suleiman Al-Khalidi; Additional reporting by Dubai newsroom; Editing by Hugh Lawson and Stephen Powell)
Cryptic Studios is looking for exceptionally talented VFX Artists to bring real-time magic and mayhem to our games. If you like to blow things up and use smoke and mirrors to dazzle and impress, we have a place where you can channel your fascination for pyrotechnics and illusions.
We actively balance our work with the personal lives of our employees. At Cryptic, we hire great people who love the work, the genre and the game!
Every day you could be:
Envisioning and creating handcrafted, real-time visual effects for Neverwinter, Star Trek or unannounced projects
Collaborating with artists, designers, and engineers to visualize incredible gameplay and combat powers
Adding life and color to our worlds through atmospherics, weather and environmental effects
Technically implementing, integrating, troubleshooting and ensuring the performance of effects in our proprietary engine
Iterating on game assets with fellow artists via paint overs, studies, and group critique
What we'd like to see:
3+ years' experience creating real-time visual effects for video games
Extensive understanding of 3D graphics, shaders, particle systems, physics, ribbons, etc.
Excellent sense of VFX movement, animation, timing, impact and anticipation
Demonstrated ability to visualize effects without concept art and create VFX textures from scratch, matching a broad range of styles
Strong game design awareness and ability to create effects that support and communicate gameplay
Technical aptitude and high level of comfort working with complex, node-based systems, scripts and proprietary tools
Proven ability to create performance-minded visual effects within established budgets
Expert level proficiency with Photoshop and 3ds Max or equivalent 2D and 3D software
Self-motivated, humble, excellent communication skills and a team-player attitude
BA or BS degree in art or equivalent work experience
Pluses:
Solid foundation in traditional art, drawing, painting, illustration and/or concept art
Proficiency with Houdini and/or other VFX simulation tools
Basic understanding of animation and simple rigging ability
Experience using Substance Designer/Painter in a production environment
Passion for the Dungeons & Dragons and/or Star Trek franchises preferred
Required application materials:
Resume and cover letter
Portfolio or demo reel demonstrating consistently brilliant, eye-catching, real-time VFX
An art test may be required
Must be eligible to work in the United States.
Apply online at: www.crypticstudios.com
A RARE Nicklin Way site is being offered to the market through commercial property specialists Colliers International.
The site, located at 705-711 Nicklin Way, has a dominant 73-metre frontage to the busy Nicklin Way and has been used as part of a larger vehicle sales yard for the past two years.
Comprising a total land area of 2187sq m over three titles, the site is situated in a key location opposite the Erang Street T-intersection and amongst other car dealerships and food and retail uses.
The site adjoins Isuzu and Ford car dealership and just to the north side of the site is Beaurepairs, a Puma Service Station then Sunshine Toyota.
Directly opposite the site is Zarraffas drive-thru, Domino's Pizza, strip retail and Audi Centre Sunshine Coast car dealership.
The property is being offered for sale by public auction on Thursday, July 19, on site at 11am.
Marketing agent Brad Moore said the District Centre zone provided for a range of business uses including fast food, retail, offices, health care, showroom and community activities.
"There are currently no southbound fast food/drive-through outlets on Nicklin Way after Kawana Shoppingworld which is approximately 7.5 kilometres to the north.
"This site could be very suitable for this type of use."
Mr Moore said commercial property on Nicklin Way rarely comes up for sale and this is seen as a golden opportunity for both owner-occupiers and developers to create an asset that would always be in demand.
"We have already fielded strong enquiry from a number of tenants including drive-through operators that are keen on the location.
"This could be particularly attractive to a developer with tenant interest in place."
CURRIMUNDI
711 Nicklin Way
What: District Centre zoned site of 2187sq m
Features: 73 m frontage on three titles with major road exposure. Zoning provides for a range of business uses including fast food, retail, offices, health care, showroom and community activities
Price: For sale by public auction on Thursday, July 19, at 11am
Agent: Nick Dowling and Brad Moore Colliers International
Contact: 0419 726 705, 0428 481 008
Former Netflix Executive Barbie Graver Joins to Lead Progressive Culture as Company Prepares for Hypergrowth
SAN FRANCISCO, CA--(Marketwired - Oct 6, 2017) - GitLab, the leading integrated product for modern software development, has announced three new executive hires, including its first ever chief culture officer. Barbie Graver, formerly vice president of talent at Netflix (NFLX), joined GitLab to ensure its vision for a positive and inclusive workforce continues at scale. In addition, the company added Joe Scheuermann as its chief marketing officer to rapidly scale go-to-market and Eric Johnson as vice president of engineering to deliver on the product vision and meet the enterprises' growing demands for an integrated solution that offers a superior user experience for modern software developers.
GitLab is known for its unique approach to business, from its radical transparency to its 100% remote workforce of nearly 200 team members located across 38 countries. In her new role as chief culture officer, Graver will focus on fostering a strong employee support system and engaging environment as GitLab continues to scale the business and build its all-remote workforce.
"GitLab is in a unique position because they already have the mentality that 'culture eats business for breakfast,'" said Graver. "We are anything but traditional and are changing the way businesses think about employees by building a remote workforce that can attract the best and brightest from any part of the world without being limited by geography. In my new role, I hope to support GitLab employees as the company continues to break down hierarchical barriers and looks to flip the traditional technology business model on its head."
Prior to GitLab, Graver led human resources for Netflix's product innovation, engineering/development, business development and digital supply chain organizations at Netflix, managing a team that supported over 1,500 employees. Graver's expertise is her ability to strike a balance between a successful, fast-growing company and one that values a diverse workforce focused on support and respect. Her past experience taught her firsthand that "having the right people is more critical than having the right process or policy."
In recognition of the market opportunity ahead, GitLab also bolstered the executive team with strategic additions in marketing and engineering. Joe Scheuermann joins GitLab as the chief marketing officer with over 20 years of experience in hyper-growth startups and global enterprises. Previously, Joe held leadership positions at Trifacta, Mercury Interactive, Business Objects, Teradata and CA Technologies.
GitLab leads the industry in providing the most integrated and complete software development application geared specifically for enterprise developers and has been able to release new features and capabilities every month for 71 months consecutively. Eric Johnson will now serve as vice president of engineering, to continue this aggressive schedule and deliver the next generation of capabilities to support modern developers. Johnson most recently held the position of vice president of engineering at Airware managing over 60 engineers, designers and data scientists.
GitLab's market leading product now serves two thirds of the self-hosted Git enterprise development market. This series of new hires follows GitLab's recent recognition from leading analyst firm Forrester as a leader in The Forrester Wave: Continuous Integration Tools, Q3 2017 report. As the pace of software innovation continues to accelerate, and developer methodologies continue to evolve, GitLab provides the requisite capabilities modern developers need so they can fully embrace the benefits of DevOps, including Kubernetes based application development and monitoring, as well as continuous integration (CI) and deployment (CD).
About GitLab
Since its incorporation in 2014, GitLab has quickly become the leading self-hosted Git repository management tool used by software development teams ranging from startups to global enterprise organizations. GitLab has since expanded its product offering to deliver an integrated source code management, code review, test/release automation, and application monitoring product that accelerates and simplifies the software development process. With one end-to-end software development product, GitLab helps teams eliminate unnecessary steps from their workflow, significantly reduce cycle time and focus exclusively on building great software. Today, more than 100,000 organizations, including Ticketmaster, ING, NASDAQ, Alibaba, Sony, VMware, and Intel; and millions of users, trust GitLab to bring their modern applications from idea to production, reliably and repeatedly.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Stationery giant WH Smith has opened a new 'clearance' shop in Croydon with items on sale at heavily discounted prices.
The Clearance Outlet, which is a standalone store, is located within the existing shop on North End.
Customers can browse through the extensive end of range products across books and stationery to find themselves a bargain as prices start at 20p and the vast majority of products are priced at under £3.
There are 3,500 product lines to choose from at any one time.
Product lines vary from items such as pens, pencils and pencil cases, office stationery, education and reference books, to toys and games.
New products will be added each week
This new concept store has been opened to bring in a new customer base to WH Smith in Croydon.
WH Smith Croydon store manager, Kim Little, said: “We are delighted to have opened the Clearance Outlet within our store in Croydon.
“We hope that the arrival of this new outlet will complement the great ranges already available within the store, as well as attract new customers to benefit from some fantastic prices.”
The opening means many discounts that were previously only available to customers online will now be on sale in-store and it comes after similar stores opened in other areas of the country including Hull, Gloucester and Chester in October and November.
Opening hours at the store on North End remain unchanged, being open seven days a week.
Restaurant chain Nando's is giving away free chicken to A-level students right across Northern Ireland this week.
"On August 17 anyone picks up their A-Level (or equivalent) results will be able to grab themselves a free ¼ chicken or Firestarter* on that day," a Nando's spokesperson said.
There are Nando's restaurants in Belfast and Londonderry.
"Just bring your results papers, ID and spend a minimum of seven pounds in any restaurant across Northern Ireland and you will be eligible," the spokesperson added.
Don't worry Nando's don't need to see your grades, unless you want to brag about them!
*Deal does not include Wing Roulette or All Together Now.
Nando's can be found in Belfast: Victoria Square, Bedford Street, Abbey Centre and Boucher Crescent and at Richmond Centre, Londonderry.
For full terms and conditions, please see - https://www.nandos.co.uk/explore/blog/level-results-are-lets-celebrate
If you watched the Los Angeles Rams' preseason debut against the Dallas Cowboys, you probably didn't do much cheering. It was a rather uneventful game with very little scoring, but one player in particular flashed regularly on tape – for both great and not-so-great reasons.
Justin Davis, an undrafted rookie running back out of USC, routinely made plays on offense for the Rams on Saturday night. Despite being the third running back on the depth chart, and the third one to take snaps against the Cowboys, he was definitely the best of the night by a wide margin.
He rushed for 70 yards on just nine carries, nearly half of which were gained on one 32-yard scamper. His strong night went beyond the box score, too. Davis made decisive cuts with elite acceleration, which should make the coaching staff extremely happy, considering his skill set is so different to that of Todd Gurley and Malcolm Brown.
Aaaaaand Justin Davis earns himself some more time on the team pic.twitter.com/ZROslOHsL6 — Brandon Bate (@NoPlanB_) August 13, 2017
His night wasn't without its blemishes, of course. Davis put the ball on the turf twice, one of which came in the red zone and was recovered by the Cowboys. Mistakes like that simply can't happen in the regular season, and while he wasn't the only Rams player to fumble it – they had six on the night – he's someone fighting for significant playing time this season.
The fumbles were obviously concerning, but McVay was happy to see him bounce back and still put up big numbers while protecting the football.
“What impressed me the most about Justin was his ability to respond,” McVay said, according to Lindsey Thiry of the L.A. Times. “A lot of guys, you can let that affect you, but I didn't sense that those two plays affected him, he came out and created some explosive runs after that, did a good job competing in protection.”
So where does Davis stand after his up-and-down debut? In a better position than he did entering the game. The Rams as a team had trouble holding onto the ball, so he was hardly the only one who couldn't keep it within his grasp. Sean McVay will be sure to address this trend in practice this week, and ball security should be much better in Week 2 after having one game of hitting under their belt.
What Davis did against the Cowboys will vault him up the depth chart in the eyes of his coaches. It's not that Malcolm Brown played poorly, he just didn't show the flashes and explosiveness that Davis did. The Rams need an elusive pass-catching back to complement Gurley, which is exactly what Davis is.
If he can curb his ball security troubles, he'll have a good shot at being the Rams' No. 2 running back when the season begins. If not for his two blunders, Davis' debut couldn't have gone much better than it did.
"If you can, help others. If you can't, at least don't hurt others." -- the Dalai Lama
Three soldiers of the Indian Army went missing on Tuesday after an avalanche hit their post on the Line of Control (LoC) in Jammu and Kashmir's Bandipora district."Three army jawans went missing at Mani Post Bagtoor Gurez reportedly due to a snow avalanche," a police officer said.A rescue operation was underway in the area.More than five feet deep snow had accumulated on the ground on the LoC in Gurez sector due to the heavy snowfall that started on Monday evening and was still continuing on Tuesday morning.
Before you compose some witty comebacks involving the similarities between the contents of a blocked toilet and the average social media platform, this is all about Facebook's foray into home improvement.
US-only for now, this is an update to Marketplace or Facebook's version of Craigslist that will focus on offering approved professionals for home services.
Deb Liu, VP of Marketplace, explained the move due to plumbers, carpenters, electricians etc being the most asked for recommendations among users in the United States.
Lacklustre
This will be more than a bunch of companies listed in one place: it will be possible to get a single quote for your home improvement project by creating a description and sending to multiple professionals at once while ironing out details via Messenger instead of playing email or phone tennis.
Here's hoping this arrives in Ireland and Europe sometime soon. For now, Marketplace isn't available to us and we have to make do with the fairly lacklustre Buy and Sell group functionality that requires joining a group to buy, sell or swap and is little more than an online car boot sale.
https://newsroom.fb.com/news/2018/05/marketplace-services/
Rain or Shine got back to its winning ways after warding off Kia's fourth-quarter rally, 94-86, in the Philippine Basketball Association Season 42 Governors Cup on Sunday at the Mall of Asia Arena in Pasay City.
The Elasto Painters banked on their new acquisitions including new import J'Nathan to get back on the winning track and improve their win-loss record to 2-2.
Bullock, who replaced import JD Weatherspoon, tallied 20 points, 10 rebounds, two steals and two blocks while Chris Tiu added 13 points and eight assists to lead Rain or Shine.
Beu Belga had 12 points for Rain or Shine before he was ejected in the game for committing two technical fouls with still 6:50 left in the third period.
New acquisitions Ed Daquiaog and Mark Borboran debuted for the Elasto Painters with eight and five points, respectively.
Daquioag was acquired from Meralco in exchange for Mike Tolomia while the veteran Borboran came in via trade with Phoenix for Jeff Chan.
Kia import Markeith Cummings pulled his team within five, 82-87, with 1:52 remaining. But that was the closest Picanto could get as Tiu provided the insurance points to hand Kia its sixth straight losses in as many games.
Cummings led Kia with 30 points and seven rebounds.
Scores:
RAIN OR SHINE 94 – Bullock 20, Tiu 13, Belga 12, Daquioag 8, Ponferada 7, Trollano 6, Maiquez 6, Yap 5, Borboran 5, King 5, Cruz 4, Ahanmisi 3.
KIA 86 – Cummings 30, Celda 15, Revilla 11, Corpuz 10, Deutchman 10, Nimes 3, Khobuntin 3, Yee 2, Ballesteros 2, Paniamogan 0, Galanza 0, Caperal 0, Jaime 0.
Quarters: 21-17, 44-36, 71-59, 94-86.
Complaints about parking charges more than doubled in the last year according to the latest figures released by consumer advice website, Resolver.
The research found that 2,748 people complained to Resolver about their parking fines in the last financial year. This was an increase of 111 per cent on the previous year (1,300).
However the latest findings do not fully depict the scale of charges of council land as individual councils are responsible for these fines.
People don't realise they have a right to complain
With 1,405 parking fine complaints made from April 2017 alone, Resolver expects this trend to continue.
James Walker, founder of Resolver says, “We've seen a huge increase in complaints about private parking fees over the last few years at Resolver.
“Yet the vast majority of people we speak to still tell us that they didn't realise they had any right to make a complaint, felt intimidated into paying up, or were just so angry about their experience they didn't want to deal with it.”
He adds, “So if you feel that you've not been treated fairly due to a parking charge, don't give up – it's not hard to make a complaint.”
In total Resolver has received 5,663 complaints about private parking companies since the service began in September 2014.
Resolver's private parking tips
1. Don't stick your head in the sand. Private parking companies will increase their charges if you don't pay up. Act quickly and tell them to suspend charges while you formally complain.
2. Don't pay up straight away. But do tell the firm you're going to appeal. It's often harder (but not impossible) to get your cash back after you've paid. But don't assume the firm has no right to charge you. Deal with the situation head on.
3. Gather evidence. The pay and display sign forms part of your contact with the parking firm. If it's unclear, hidden, overgrown, vandalized, etc, you can argue you were misled. Take photos, write down everything you can remember, get witnesses if need be.
4. Give the human touch. We've seen shocking cases, from midwives at hospitals being ticketed while helping expectant mothers to people rushed in to hospital being charged for not being back to their cars in time. Parking firms aren't charities. But explain why you weren't able to pay in time or return to the car.
5. Tell the landowner. Parking companies are working for the landowner. If their contractor is being overbearing or intimidating, they need to know about it.
While Steam gets a lot of hype for discounted prices, you don't actually have to spend any money to enjoy some of the best games the service has to offer. Over the years, Steam has accumulated a number of great games that are free-to-play, and I'm here to tell you which ones you should check out.
Some of these recommendations will be obvious, as some of Steam's biggest games are free-to-play—so why wouldn't I suggest them? But, I also want to make sure to tell you about some offbeat free games you might otherwise not hear about, especially when it comes to games that try something new. With that in mind, here are our top free Steam games that everyone should try.
Note: this article originally ran in 2015, but has now been updated with newer picks.
Advertisement
If you're looking for a game to really sink your teeth into, Dota 2 is probably your best bet: I spent dozens of hours trying to master Valve's MOBA, and barely scratched the surface. While your goal is straightforward—lead your creeps and team to the enemy base, so you can destroy a large structure known as the ancient—the depth and intensity that Dota 2 offers is staggering. It's a great game for people with a competitive streak, provided you can keep your cool under pressure.
Advertisement
Once you notice Doki Doki Literature Club has a “psychological horror” tag on Steam, you might deduce that this isn't nice game about an after school club. But even if you go in with that knowledge, the game still does an excellent job of getting under your skin. Breaking the fourth wall and subverting tropes aren't new to visual novels, but DDLC isn't just out to make you frightened, or to poke fun at visual novel conventions. It's a deeply empathetic game that really makes you care for its characters, especially as they go through a series of horrific events.
- Gita Jackson
Advertisement
What started as a nondescript free-to-play shooter several years ago has managed to become one of the most engrossing multiplayer grindfests around. Warframe's central campaign stretches across tons of different planets and missions that all combine to make a wonky space odyssey that's irresistibly weird, like if Terry Gilliam directed a Destiny game. There's an army of cyborg clones, mega corporations, infected mutants, and mechanical aliens, all of whom you'll shoot, stab, or zap with space magic. Every mission (and you will play hundreds of them) is ultimately in the pursuit of collecting materials and loot for crafting ever more badass weapons. Fortunately, the game's parkour element and fluid combat keep most of it from become too monotonous. Last year, Warframe also added the Plains of Eidolon, a big open world area where you can fish, mine, and hunt alongside other players in addition to all the usual “go kill that dude for a reward” stuff. If you ever got trapped on a desert island, this would be the game to have with you.
-Ethan Gach
Advertisement
You might know Vlambeer thanks to games like Ridiculous Fishing, and Nuclear Throne. One of their earliest games is also on Steam, and not only is it free, it's also damned good. Super Crate Box is an arcade-style game where you try try to rack up a high score. The twist? Your weapons are constantly randomized, which keeps you on your toes. Super Crate Box is a good choice for people looking for a simple, addictive, no-frills game that is a joy to play.
Advertisement
A game that puts you in the shoes of an 11 year old girl who doesn't know how sex works, How Do You Do It? is short, sweet, and refreshingly honest.
Advertisement
An action RPG that mixes some of the best that games like
Diablo and Final Fantasy VII has to offer, Path of Exile is a great game that many people would probably fork over $40 bucks for. Fortunately, you don't have to. The best part: Path of Exile continues to update, so even if you've played it before, it might not be a bad idea to give it another try.
Advertisement
Depression is not a subject that people speak openly about—but Depression Quest doesn't pull any punches with it. Created in the style of choose-your-own-adventure games, Depression Quest is a take on what it's like to live with depression, and the many difficulties that come with it. As you can imagine, it's a very bleak game...but also a necessary one. Disclosure: I am friendly with the developers behind the game.
Advertisement
Remember the days of Windows XP and AIM? Emily Is Away is a contemplative look at the early ways in which we communicated with one another via instant messaging, told through the eyes of a guy that's just about to graduate high school. Think of it as the video game version of 500 Days of Summer. Bonus: there's also a sequel on Steam.
Advertisement
It starts out really cute, then becomes horrifying. Hope you're ready to have a heart attack.
Advertisement
I first received Yume Nikki on a USB thumbstick from a friend who excitedly told me about a “wild game” where you explored dreams. It's hard to explain how curious Yume Nikki was at the time it came out—it would be nearly eight years before the concept of walking simulators really solidified. It was an RPG where you never fought anything, a dungeon-crawl where you could get trapped in rooms.
Advertisement
Yume Nikki's legacy includes games like Undertale and Lisa, wild experiments in morality and mood. It's no exaggeration to say that certain games wouldn't exist without Yume Nikki. It's worth trying at least once, if only to see what the big deal was.
-Heather Alexandra
Advertisement
Secret World Legends is a free-to-play reskinning of Funcom's 2012 MMO The Secret World. Legend streamlines the game's clunkier bits—crafting, combat, and skills—and lets its globe-trotting story and Lovecraftian setting shine. In Secret World Legends, you play as a member of one of three secret societies facing off against supernatural horrors. The contrast between the mundane settings of coastal Maine or modern Tokyo and the newly-unleashed monsters that prowl them gives the game a unique vibe among MMOs. It's full of memorable characters, creative puzzles to solve, and lore that makes its weird world even weirder. It's just as fun to play solo as it is in a group, and the community is generally active and friendly. The Secret World was the first MMO I ever played, enough to give it a permanent place in my heart, and as a free-to-play game it's worth checking out.
Advertisement
-Riley MacLeod
There are a ton of other free-to-play games on Steam, which you can check out here. But do make sure to let us know some of your personal favorites below, too!
Advertisement
A switched-on rookie Chicago police officer has rescued a struggling dog from the waters of Lake Michigan amid the confusion of a nearby car accident.
Just six weeks out of the academy, Officer Juan Farris was attending a four car crash at Lake Shore Dr, beside the banks of Lake Michigan, when a rattled dog sprinted from one of the vehicles.
Attempting to get a drink from the raised concrete bank of Lake Michigan, the dog lost its balance and slipped in.
Unable to climb back onto shore, Officer Farris was the first officer among a group of police to hear the splash of the dog.
He ran over to grasp the dog by the collar.
“I heard the splash. Once I heard, I turned over, I saw him swimming, just went over there and grabbed him,” Mr Farris said.
Police colleague, field training Officer Daniel Guzman, said it was his first official dog rescue.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Supreme Court says foreign businesses cannot be sued in U.S. courts by foreign victims of human rights abuses and extremist attacks.
The justices voted 5-4 on Tuesday in favor of Arab Bank, which is based in Jordan. The bank was sued by Israeli victims of attacks in the West Bank and Gaza who claim that it helped finance the attacks.
The victims had tried to use the 18th-century Alien Tort Statute to hold the bank accountable for its role.
The decision continues the court's paring back of a three-decade-old strategy by human rights lawyers to use civil suits to pursue individuals who may be responsible for torture and other atrocities, as well as companies with operations in countries with poor records in the area of human rights.
BEIRUT Spillways at the Tabqa Euphrates dam are functioning normally after engineers carried out repairs, a media official with the U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces militia, which is trying to capture the dam from Islamic State, said on Wednesday.
Islamic State warned on Sunday that the dam was at risk of collapse because it had been damaged by air strikes, and on Monday the SDF paused its assault, which was staged from the northern bank of the Euphrates where the spillways are located.
The SDF and the U.S.-led coalition have said the dam is not in danger.
(Reporting by Angus McDowall; Editing by Catherine Evans)
In an election rally in BJP bastion Ahmedabad on Monday night that fetched a record 52,800 Facebook Live views, firebrand Patidar leader Hardik Patel once again exhorted the people to throw out the BJP from power."I am nobody here to say who to vote for but only that if you pick the BJP, you would be a traitor for your community. For once, just teach them a lesson. If you want, vote them back in 2022," he told his supporters who had gathered in huge numbers at New Nikol area here."Now, if you don't give an opportunity to someone else, you would not know if they are better or worse."In his meet parallel to Prime Minister Narendra Modi's rally in Ahmedabad at the same time in the night - half an hour before campaign closes at 10 p.m., the 24-year-old Patel lambasted Modi for his "foolhardy" allegation of Pakistan's collusion in Gujarat elections."What has Pakistan got to do with Gujarat elections. Those who boasted of development during the last 22 years, have returned to their favourite old chant of Ram Mandir, Hindu-Muslim, Pakistan. Do they talk of development?"He said was not around for power, but for three things. "Reservations for youth in non-reserved classes, solution to high unemployment and reduction in farmer distress. If they assure this now, I shall end the agitation right now and here and convert this into a 'thank you' rally. But he talks of Hindu-Muslim, and of Pakistan."His Monday rally set the social media on fire with as many as 52,800 Facebook Live views, compared to 27,000 views earlier in the week that even got him an invite by Facebook CEO from US. "Now Americans would come personally to take me there. But it is not a matter to feel happy about. Our aim is not this," he said.He concluded by invoking name of deity of the Patels and exhorted the people in the rally to take a pledge not to vote for the BJP.Patel held the rally late in the evening after an impressive 9-hour road show along 52-km route in Ahmedabad, before it culminated into a rally in Patel dominated New Nikol area of Ahmedabad. He held the show though he was denied permission.Traffic snarls were witnessed in different parts of the city on Monday during his road show. There were reports of minor scuffle and stone throwing, when BJP and agitating Patels in the road show clashed outside the Bapunagar Election office of the BJP candidate. The situation was brought under control after police intervention.
Levittown Native Major Kevin Walsh, Thunderbird #7, to Return Home to Long Island; U.S. Air Force Thunderbirds to Honor Fallen Warrior Army Sgt. Anthony Mangano of Greenlawn
U.S. Air Force Thunderbirds
Media Contact
Audrey Cohen
acohen@epoch5.com Audrey Cohen
End
-- Bethpage Federal Credit Union, New York State's largest credit union, and the New York State Office of Parks, Recreation and Historic Preservation announce details for the 14Annual Bethpage Air Show at Jones Beach. Taking place on Memorial Day Weekend, Saturday, May 27, 2017 and Sunday, May 28, 2017, the show will return to a 12 Noon start time and conclude at 5 PM. Show organizers are encouraging fans to arrive early for best seats and parking.The air show will feature "America's Ambassadors in Blue," the U.S. Air Force Thunderbirds, who will be demonstrating the extraordinary capabilities of the pilots flying the F-16 Fighting Falcon, an $18 million, 19,700-pound fighter aircraft, also known as the Viper that can travel at speeds up to 1,500 mph.The Thunderbirds will perform approximately 40 maneuvers in an air demonstration like no other, featuring a mix of formation flying and solo routines. The Thunderbirds have performed for over 280 million people in all 50 states, and 57 foreign countries. This will be the legendary team's fifth Bethpage Air Show performance.The show will also include the return of Hometown Hero Major Kevin Walsh, Thunderbird Pilot #7, who hails from Levittown, New York and attended St. Anthony's High School in South Huntington. Major Walsh is the Director of Operations for the U.S. Air Force Air Demonstration Squadron. Major Walsh's family currently resides on Long Island."We are very excited to welcome back home Major Kevin Walsh – a true hometown hero – to Long Island," said George Gorman, Deputy Regional Director, New York State Office of Parks, Recreation and Historic Preservation. "Throughout his high school career at St. Anthony's, Major Walsh played ice hockey, lacrosse, and ran cross country before joining the U.S. Air Force Academy. He is a gifted competitor and an ardent team player who today, helps protect our nation's freedoms. We couldn't be more thrilled to welcome him to our show."Other star-studded performers at this year's Bethpage Air Show include the United States Army Golden Knights Parachute Team, performing in their 13Bethpage Air Show; legendary air show pilot Sean Tucker performing in his custom-built Oracle Challenger II biplane; extraordinary aerobatic pilot Matt Chapman; Lt. Col. John Klatt flying the Jack Links' Screamin' Sasquatch Jet Waco; the world famous GEICO Skytypers and their flight squadron of six vintage WWII aircraft; the American Airpower Museum Warbirds; Long Island's own David Windmiller; and for their 2Bethpage Air Show performance, the SUNY Farmingdale State College Flying Rams who will fly seven of their 22 college-owned aircraft in a fly-by piloted by their top academic professional pilot performers.Also underscoring Long Island's finest will be a show tribute by the U.S. Air Force Thunderbirds to Fallen Warrior Sgt. Anthony L. Mangano of Long Island, who was killed in action in 2006 while deployed in Afghanistan. As part of the honor, the Thunderbirds will place Sgt. Mangano's name on Thunderbird Jet No. 1 during the show for a tribute performance. Sgt. Mangano's family members will also be attending the show as guests of the Thunderbirds."The Bethpage Air Show has grown to become one of the most prestigious air shows in the country, ranked in the 'Top 5' by industry experts," said Linda Armyn, Senior Vice President of Corporate Affairs, Bethpage. "This is a testament to the world-class performers who regularly return to Long Island for the show, coupled with our passionate audience of aviation enthusiasts, those who come to honor our nation's military, and the many others who choose our show as their kick-off to summer. The Bethpage Air Show has become a celebrated Long Island tradition, and we're looking forward to another wonderful show this year."The Bethpage Air Show had record breaking attendance last year when 453,000 people attended the show for its biggest lineup ever. In 2015, over 439,000 spectators chose the Bethpage Air Show as their Memorial Day holiday weekend destination when the Thunderbirds last visited.The Bethpage Air Show at Jones Beach is sponsored by Bethpage Federal Credit Union, New York State Office of Parks, Recreation and Historic Preservation, Newsday, WABC-TV Channel 7, PSEG Long Island, Natural Heritage Trust, Connoisseur Media Long Island, and the New York Islanders. The show can be heard in its entirety on WHLI 1100 and 1370 AM. Bethpage Air Show announcers will lead air show activities from the Jones Beach State Park Central Mall Boardwalk area where food, beverages and ground activities will be available for fans.The Bethpage Air Show is free to the public, but the standard $10.00 vehicle use fee will be collected each day upon entry to the State Park. For the 2017 NYS Empire Passport holders, there is no vehicle use fee charge.For up-to-date information about this year's show, please visit www.bethpageairshow.com https://www.facebook.com/ BethpageAirShow/ , or contact the New York State Office of Parks, Recreation and Historic Preservation, Regional Office, Recreation Department at 631/321-3510.Bethpage Federal Credit Union is a premier community financial institution committed to enriching the lives of its members, employees and the communities it serves for the past 75 years. Bethpage is the largest credit union in the Northeast Region, as well as 16in the nation. Bethpage is a federally chartered credit union open to everyone that opens a $5 minimum share account. As a financial cooperative, Bethpage offers the best-in market rates, low fees and world-class service, and a full menu of personal and commercial financial services.
End
-- Evolve IP ™, The Cloud Strategy Company™, today announced that BCM One, a leading technology solutions provider, is now offering Evolve IP's complete suite of award-winning and integrated cloud solutions including: disaster recovery desktop services , and Infrastructure as a Service –Evolve IP's complete suite of disaster recovery and IT resilience services protects your data and allows you to recover your environment based on how your business runs and the way your infrastructure is designed. From fully managed DR to self-managed solutions to essential cloud backups we have a service that fits your recovery timeframes, budget and compliance needs.– Evolve IP's contact center solution provides organizations with an integrated, cost-effective, world-class customer service center. Delivered in the cloud so customers always have the latest features, Evolve IP's solution includes all of the services needed to build a best-in-class contact center including: multichannel, IVR, business intelligence analytics, Workforce Management (WFM), integrated CRM applications and more.– Noted as "best-of-breed"by a leading industry analyst, Evolve IP's unified communications solution delivers award-winning collaboration (video, chat, conferencing and more) with voice services that integrate with the applications businesses are already using; dramatically easing deployment and user adoption. As a strategic partner, Evolve IP designs and customizes solutions to fit the unique needs of a business instead of forcing them into a one-size-fits-none service. Evolve IP's hosted phone system has been deployed across the globe by some of the world's leading brands.- Evolve IP provides enterprises with a unified desktop management solution for physical and virtual desktops alike. Leveraging services like Remote Monitoring and Management (RMM), Desktop as a Service (DaaS), helpdesk and ITaaS, Evolve IP enables IT departments to deliver the most appropriate desktop solution for each end user, while maintaining control through the cloud and improving end-user support. With options for VMWare and Citrix, Evolve IP is a global leader for virtual desktop services and is one of just 11 companies worldwide noted in a leading analyst's Market Guide for Desktop as a Service.(IaaS) - Evolve IP's VMware-certified IaaS enables business' to enjoy the benefits of cloud infrastructure without retrofitting traditional workloads or learning additional skills, all while supporting the privacy and compliance requirements their enterprise demands. Unlike credit-card operated megaclouds, Evolve IP's state-of-the-art virtual private cloud allows for the deployment of a cloud strategy that works for the unique needs of a business including integrating hybrid configurations and interoperating with public cloud."We're excited to be working with Evolve IP, a leading, strategic technology partner who strengthens our cloud portfolio and solution options for our clients," stated John Cunningham, Founder & Co-CEO of BCM One. "We expect that their focus on delivering compliant, best-of-breed services will help us grow our business and open up additional market opportunities.""We are very happy to have BCM One, a distinguished technology solutions provider and integrator, add Evolve IP as a select technology partner," says Tim Allen, Chief Sales Officer of Evolve IP. "We're the only provider in the industry that enables IT professionals to strategically deploy best-of-breed cloud computing and cloud communications solutions one at a time, or integrated together, and are looking forward to seeing BCM One benefit from this unique capability."One of the world's fastest growing cloud strategy companies, today Evolve IP provides best-of-breed cloud solutions to more than 1,500 enterprises and to more than 210,000 users in virtually every industry including: healthcare, finance, veterinary, legal, insurance, construction, technology, travel, and retail. Many of the world's most recognizable brands rely on the company's Evolve IP OneCloudstrategy to migrate multiple integrated cloud computing and cloud communications services onto a single, unified platform including: disaster recovery, contact centers, virtual desktops, IP phone systems / unified communications, IaaS, and more.The Cloud is no longer about buying individual services. It's now about having a strategy for multiple services and making them work together to provide greater IT efficiency. For over a decade Evolve IP has delivered customized strategies and integrated services for both cloud computing and communications;solutions that are designed to work together and with the applications you already use in your business. The Evolve IP OneCloudlets enterprises move a service at a time, to a secure, virtual private environment, and our analyst-acclaimed solutions are built on a world-class, compliant architecture that leverages the blue-chip technologies organizations already know and trust. Our long-term success is built on a business deploying more services with Evolve IP so we are invested in our customers' future. As a result, we are dedicated to providing superior service in every aspect of our client relationships and this has resulted in the industry's highest verified customer satisfaction.Founded and headquartered in New York City in 1992, BCM One enables businesses to provide critical business applications to their workforce securely, anywhere, and on any device. Based on client demand and innovations in the technology landscape, BCM One specifically offers technology solutions incorporating and integrating Managed Productivity and Collaboration Services (Office 365), Intelligent Cloud Solutions, Cloud and Technology Optimization/Expense Management and Managed Connectivity with a focus on SDWAN. We partner with our clients to develop and manage a customized solution that fits their unique business and technical requirements.
Scottish Water is facilitating the generation of more renewable power than it consumes for the first time since it launched efforts to reduce its energy bill and increase renewable generation five years ago.
The utility company, which provides essential 24-7 services to customers across Scotland, is one of the biggest users of electricity in the country and requires about 445 Gigawatt hours (GWh) per year across 4500 sites such as water and waste water treatment works.
This is enough to power nearly 140,000 homes occupied by more than 300,000 people,
Through a combination of Scottish Water's own investment in renewable energy and hosting private investment on its estate, new figures confirm that the company now generates and hosts more renewable power than it consumes annually and is on course to double this by 2018.
Scottish Water's increase in renewable power generation, which supports the Scottish Government's ambitious renewable heat and carbon reduction targets, has been achieved by improving energy efficiency, increasing self-generation and hosting private renewable investment on the company's estate.
The company's milestone was welcomed by Roseanna Cunningham, the Cabinet Secretary for Environment, Climate Change and Land Reform, who said: “I am delighted that Scottish Water has met this significant milestone. By generating and hosting more renewable power than they consume, they are providing a great example to other companies of how improving energy efficiency and investing in renewable power can have a real impact. For them, renewable power is lowering their electricity bill – helping to keep customers' water charges low.
“As we consider our current draft Climate Change Plan and consult on Scotland's draft Energy Strategy, this impressive achievement shows that the Government's ambition to reduce carbon greenhouse gas emissions by 66% by 2032 is realistic. I therefore congratulate Scottish Water on this achievement and hope that their actions provide confidence to other businesses and public sector organisations to invest in renewable power.”
Chris Toop, General Manager of Scottish Water's energy programme, said Scottish Water was delighted to have reached this important milestone in its efforts to reduce its energy bill and increase renewable generation.
He said: “Every day, Scottish Water provides customers with 1.37 billion litres of drinking water before collecting and treating 921 million litres of waste water.
“Providing those essential services requires a lot of power but our infrastructure also provides opportunities for us to maximise value from that asset base and fulfil our duty to act sustainably in the delivery of our services.
“We have invested in a number of innovative measures such as low-carbon, low-cost treatment technologies and doubled our renewable energy capacity to more than 54GWh through hydro, wind, photovoltaic solar, biomass boilers and combined heat and power (CHP).
“Scottish Water has installed more than 4000 smart meters to target energy opportunities and, in just three years, these have raised the annual financial benefits to more than £7m, cut carbon emissions by 16% since 2006-7 and facilitated more than £330m of private investment on its estate.
“Facilitating more renewable power than we consume makes a significant contribution to keeping the long-term cost of providing vital water and waste water services as low as possible, while supporting national economic, carbon and renewable energy targets.”
Dave Thomson, Director of Finance with Scottish Water Horizons Ltd, the public utility's commercial subsidiary which has made a significant contribution to the company's renewables targets, said: “We have invested £16m in various renewables technologies over the last few years and have committed to invest a further £50m in sustainable energy production, enhancing energy security, job creation and ultimately keeping costs low for customers.”
Fears have emerged that new plastic cladding was a main factor in the Grenfell Tower inferno and caused the housing block to "light up like a matchstick", the Daily Mail reports.
The rain-proof cladding was installed at the tower in White City, west London, in May 2016 as part of a $17 million refurbishment but claims say it helped the fire spread quickly from the fourth to 27th floor.
Twelve people are so far confirmed dead. Dozens are missing in the wake of the fire, with residents saying that "nobody on the top three floors have survived".
Twenty people are fighting for their lives in a critical condition with 78 people taken to six different hospitals across London.
Advertisement
Planning documents have revealed the cladding was added so the tower would be more visually pleasing when seen from the nearby flats in neighbouring affluent suburbs.
Prime Minister Theresa May said there will be a "proper investigation" following the fire, adding: "If there are any lessons to be learned they will be, and action will be taken."
Checks are also to be carried out on tower blocks going through similar refurbishment to Grenfell Tower, policing and fire minister Nick Hurd has said.
Virginia O'Rourke-Cookson, the owner of O'Rourke & Birch Florist in Waterbury, Connecticut, has been named recipient of Main Street Waterbury's 2017 Main Street Commmunity Partnership Award to be presented October 5 at the Palace Theater
Virginia ORourke Cookson, 2017 Main Street Waterbury Community Award winner
Contact
Carl Rosa
203-757-0701ext.302
crosa@mainstreetwaterbury.com Carl Rosa203-757-0701ext.302
End
-- Main Street Waterbury has announced that the recipient of the 2017 Main Street Waterbury Community Partnership Award is Virginia "Ginny" O'Rourke Cookson, owner of O'Rourke & Birch Florist in Waterbury. O'Rourke Cookson will receive the third annual award during a presentation at the Palace Theater in Waterbury on Thursday, October 5, 2017, between 5:30 and 7:30 p.m.The Award was created by the non-profit Main Street Waterbury to celebrate the leadership and contributions of the late Stephen R. Sasala, former CEO of the Waterbury Regional Chamber and former president of Main Street Waterbury Board of Directors. It is presented to a commendable individual whose initiative, leadership, and personal commitment embody the spirit of partnership and community involvement.Steve Sasala advocated for quality planning and policy development and practiced the leadership approach of setting goals and staying the course while recognizing and working toward the bigger picture. With these qualities, he continually provided support for addressing local work in ways that ultimately benefitted the more global good.Ginny O'Rourke Cookson is owner and president of O'Rourke & Birch Florist, Waterbury's only continuously-family-owned floral business, celebrating its 95year in business in 2017. Many Waterbury business people would agree that she has demonstrated with her tireless dedication, the importance of giving of her time and talents to the community at large. A respected member of the Waterbury Regional Chamber for 23 years, in 2013 she was awarded the Chamber's Volunteer of the Year Award recognizing her steadfast commitment to helping others. She is also a long-standing member of the board of Greater Waterbury Chamber of Commerce Foundation's Business Women's Forum (BWF).Previously O'Rourke Cookson was a volunteer Chamber Ambassador and a long-standing member of the Chamber's Board of Directors. She is also past recipient of the Chamber's Business Woman of the Year Award.Daughter of a charter member of the Waterbury Exchange Club, O'Rourke Cookson joined the organization in 1994, was named 2004 Exchangite of the Year and "Mayor for the Day". Today she is Club immediate past president and chair of their Membership Committee, a long-standing member of their charitable foundation and is now president elect of the foundation, and co-chair of their annual fundraiser. She is also a member of Profnet.Main Street Waterbury CEO Carl Rosa commented, "Ginny O'Rourke Cookson embodies the true spirit of what community partnership is all about. Her positive attitude and 'can do' approach is an inspiration to everyone."Part of the annual Main Street Waterbury Community Partnership Award program is the awarding of a scholarship to a selected Greater Waterbury area student. In June 2017, Main Street Waterbury presented their 2017 Stephen R. Sasala II Community Partnership Scholarship to Peter (PJ) Morrissey, a 2017 graduate of Naugatuck High School who will be attending Harvard University in September.Main Street Waterbury's Rosa stated, "Peter exemplifies the attributes and community spirit that was such an integral part of Steve Sasala's life. In addition to his stellar academic strength of registering high GPA scores for his high school years, Peter was class president for all four years in high school and has demonstrated true leadership among his classmates and his community. He was a Peer Tutor who shared his talents with fellow classmates who needed support. He volunteered at a local nursing home and regularly participated in the annual Penguin Plunge to raise money for Connecticut's Special Olympics. He was also involved in athletics and music being captain of the Boy's Swim and Tennis teams and playing in the school's concert band.Most recently, Peter turned his sights to DECA, an international program for both high school and college business and marketing students. He has excelled in this program which has served as a great Segway into his intended college field of study involving government and politics. PJ Morrissey exemplifies the true spirit of community leadership and partnership which was a major part of Steve Sasala's legacy."Applicants for the Main Street Waterbury's annual Stephen R. Sasala II Community Partnership Scholarship must demonstrate their leadership interests by being actively involved in the classroom, student clubs, and community organizations. Each applicant must also demonstrate how their involvement has contributed to their development as a future community leader.Main Street Waterbury is a 501c3 non-profit, downtown management and revitalization program in the context of historic preservation. Through improving the physical appearance of downtown Waterbury, promoting its architectural and cultural assets, organizing volunteer initiatives, sponsoring events, and fostering public/private partnerships, the organization strives to economically rejuvenate Waterbury's downtown district without sacrificing its character or heritage.Platinum sponsors of the October 5 Main Street Waterbury Community Partnership Award reception are Webster Bank and MacDermid Performance Solutions, both headquartered in Waterbury. The gold sponsor is the Tomasso Group of New Britain. Additional sponsorship opportunities are available by contacting Carl Rosa directly at Main Street Waterbury at 203-757-0701 ext. 302 or emailing to crosa@mainstreetwaterbury.com.Tickets are $35/person and can be purchased in advance at the Palace Theater Box Office at 100 East Main Street in Waterbury or by calling the box office at 203-346-2000, or visiting www.palacetheaterct.org. Tickets will also be available on October 5 at the box office. A portion of all proceeds will be directed toward Main Street Waterbury's Stephen R. Sasala Scholarship Fund.
The United States will announce plans to impose tariffs on steel and aluminium from the European Union as early as Thursday morning, two people briefed on the matter said, confirming a report in the Wall Street Journal.
The decision would land ahead of a Friday expiration deadline for exemptions to the planned metals tariffs amid stalled trade talks with the EU and would likely prompt retaliation from the bloc.
The two sources said an announcement was planned for Thursday morning in Washington but that the timing could still change.
The US Commerce Department and US Trade Representative's Office did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
President Donald Trump on March 23rd imposed a 25 per cent tariff on steel imports and a 10 per cent tariff on aluminium, but granted temporary exemptions to the EU, Canada, Mexico, Brazil, Australia and Argentina.
Trump invoked a 1962 trade law to erect protections for US steel and aluminium producers on national security grounds, amid a worldwide glut of both metals that is largely blamed on excess production in China.
The European Commission, which coordinates trade policy for the 28 EU members, has said the bloc should be permanently exempted from the tariffs since it was not the cause of overcapacity in steel and aluminium.
The Commission has said the EU will set duties on €2.8 billion of US exports, including peanut butter and denim jeans, if its metals exports to the United States worth €6.4 billion are subject to tariffs.
The tariffs, which have increased friction with US trading partners worldwide and prompted several challenges before the World Trade Organization, are aimed at allowing the US steel and aluminium industries to increase their capacity utilization rates above 80 per cent for the first time in years.
Economists say the standoff with the EU could tip toward a trade war, particularly after Trump last week launched another national security investigation into car and truck imports that could lead to new US tariffs.
The Trump administration has given permanent metals tariff exemptions to several countries including Australia, Argentina and South Korea, but in each case set import quotas.
Friday's deadline for exemptions also affects Mexico and Canada, which are in contentious negotiations with the United States on the North American Free Trade Agreement that Trump has said he wants to revamp, or abandon if the talks fail. – Reuters
In this full conference talk from O'Reilly Security NY 2016, Scout Brody explores the disconnect between security policies and real-world user behavior. For more information on building and deploying secure systems, register for the O'Reilly Security Conference 2017 in New York, October 29-30.
Hurricanes freshman Lonnie Walker IV, far right, was named the ACC Rookie of the Week. This is Walker's first ACC Rookie of the Week honor. David Santiago dsantiago@miamiherald.com
New Delhi: In a bizarre event, currency notes were found in answer sheets during the checking of 12th board examination papers in Firozabad district of Uttar Pradesh.However, teachers said, reported ANI,-"We are giving marks only on merit. None of us are accepting the money found in the answer sheets."Recently, in a related but different episode, a video went viral wherein a miscreant openly showing his gun is seen inside an examination hall for facilitating the students to cheat. The incident took place at Dr. Bhimrao Ambedkar University in Agra. Vice Chancellor Dr Arvind Kumar Dixit said, reported ANI, that the matter will be probed with the help of administration and police force.Image: Screen grab/ANIIt is pertinent to mention here that present government under CM Yogi Adityananth is acting tough to curb cheating menace in the state.
Premier event series hosted by ThreatMetrix taking place in Hong Kong (April 5-6), London (June 12-13) and San Francisco (September 18-20), sponsored by Visa
SAN JOSE, CA--(Marketwired - February 15, 2017) - ThreatMetrix®, The Digital Identity Company®, today announced that security journalist and investigative reporter, Brian Krebs, will serve as keynote presenter for Digital Identity Summit 2017 taking place in San Francisco September 18-20. Additionally, the Call for Speakers for Digital Identity Summit 2017 is now open, as are nominations for the Digital Identity Excellence Awards. Visa has been confirmed as Platinum Sponsor for the global event series, taking place in Hong Kong, London and San Francisco.
Krebs is the author of KrebsOnSecurity.com, a daily blog covering computer security and cybercrime. From 1995 to 2009, Krebs was a reporter for The Washington Post and covered tech policy, privacy and computer security as well as authoring the Security Fixblog.
"Researching the complexities of global cybercrime has been a 15-year-long passion, and I look forward to sharing my latest research and stories with delegates at the Digital Identity Summit in San Francisco," Krebs said. "The event will be a chance to bring my investigations to life and to explore how the latest security developments are impacting digital businesses today."
Call for Speakers - London and San Francisco
Digital, risk and fraud experts are invited to submit presentations for the EMEA Summit (London, June 12-13) and global Summit (San Francisco, September 18-20). The seventh annual Summit will feature prominent thought leaders who are leveraging new technologies and new ways of thinking to drive growth securely in the digital age. Past presenters include former National Security Agency chief, Gen. (Ret.) Keith Alexander, plus speakers from eBay, Gartner, Lloyds Banking Group, Netflix, Standard Chartered, Visa, Walmart and Yandex.Money.
This year's theme, The Currency of Trust, will explore how to thrive in today's digital economy, in the face of web-based anonymity and rising cybercrime.
For more information: https://digitalidentitysummit.com/call-for-speakers
Digital Identity Excellence Awards - Nominations Open
Nominations for Digital Identity Excellence Awards are now open for all three global locations for the Digital Identity Summit 2017: Hong Kong (April 6), London (June 12-13) and San Francisco (September 18-20). Submissions will be reviewed by a select group of security and business editors and analysts.
For more information: https://digitalidentitysummit.com/awards
"We are delighted to be working with esteemed journalist Brian Krebs on the seventh annual Digital Identity Summit. We look forward to exploring our theme, The Currency of Trust, with Brian and other leading speakers, across our three events in Hong Kong, London and San Francisco." said ThreatMetrix CMO Armen Najarian. "We invite thought leaders to join our program through the Call for Speakers and look forward to celebrating the successes of ThreatMetrix customers and partners, through our Digital Identity Excellence Awards."
Registration is now open for all three Digital Identity Summit 2017 events, to register for the Digital Identity Summit visit www.DigitalIdentitySummit.com.
About ThreatMetrix
ThreatMetrix®, The Digital Identity Company®, is the market-leading cloud solution for authenticating digital personas and transactions on the Internet. Verifying more than 20 billion annual transactions supporting 30,000 websites and 4,500 customers globally through the ThreatMetrix Digital Identity Network®, ThreatMetrix secures businesses and end users against account takeover, payment fraud and fraudulent account registrations resulting from malware and data breaches. Key benefits include an improved customer experience, reduced friction, revenue gain and lower fraud and operational costs. The ThreatMetrix solution is deployed across a variety of industries, including financial services, e-commerce, payments and lending, media, government and insurance.
For more information, visit www.threatmetrix.com or call +1-408-200-5755. Join the cybersecurity conversation by visiting the ThreatMetrix blog, Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook pages.
© 2017 ThreatMetrix. All rights reserved. ThreatMetrix and the ThreatMetrix logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of ThreatMetrix in the United States and other countries. All other brand, service or product names are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective companies or owners.
SANTIAGO/LONDON Mining companies chasing the kind of technological breakthroughs made long ago in the manufacture of cars and mobile phones have unveiled eye-catching innovations ranging from vast drills and remote-controlled trucks to second-by-second data analysis.
Behind the scenes, however, there has so far been limited progress towards a transformation the companies say is more and more vital to their survival.
They are being jolted into action by volatile commodity prices and the increasing difficulty and danger of accessing remaining reserves in hot, narrow seams several kilometers below ground.
"There'a a big awakening in mining. The time is ripe for things to begin to change," Anglo American's head of technology development Donovan Waller said by telephone.
A major obstacle is the massive upfront cost for innovation that firms such as Anglo, BHP Billiton and Rio Tinto
BETHEL PARK, Pa. (AP) — Vice President Mike Pence stumped on Friday for a Republican congressional candidate and slammed his Democratic opponent, trying to help the GOP keep the seat in its House majority in the first congressional race of the year.
The seat is open because the anti-abortion Republican who held it, Tim Murphy, quit after his hometown newspaper reported he had suggested a mistress get an abortion when they thought she might be pregnant.
Pence addressed about 150 supporters on Friday at a community center in Bethel Park, a borough of greater Pittsburgh. He said state legislator Rick Saccone stands with President Donald Trump's agenda, including the recently passed tax bill, but ex-federal prosecutor Conor Lamb doesn't stand with Trump or support those tax cuts.
"And, folks, that says everything you need to know," Pence said.
Advertisement
He stood onstage with Saccone, who said Trump has put the U.S. "on the right path."
Lamb's campaign manager, Abby Murphy, said later: "Conor wants a tax cut where most of the benefits go to the hardworking families of the district instead of the richest 1 percent."
Pence spoke later in Pittsburgh to a gathering hosted by the nonprofit group America First Policies, formed last year by his and Trump's political advisers. His address to Republican supporters and his motorcade to the second gathering ran late after he held private meet-and-greet sessions and photo opportunities with supporters.
Saccone, 59, is an Air Force veteran who said his sons are in the Air Force now. Pence emphasized the Trump administration increases in defense spending and Saccone's military record.
Lamb, 33, is a Marine Corps veteran.
The congressional district, won easily by Trump in the 2016 presidential election, includes parts of four counties mostly south of Pittsburgh. The special election to fill the seat, vacated by Murphy last fall, is March 13.
Millions of super political action committee dollars are pouring in from outside groups to help Saccone, Federal Election Commission filings show.
The Pennsylvania Republican Party chairman, Val DiGiorgio, told people at the Pence gathering the nation is watching and they can reverse the conventional wisdom that they should lose midterm elections.
Review payroll retention requirements, legislation updates and payroll benchmarking metrics to avoid errors
AtoZ logo 250X250px-googleplus
Media Contact
AtoZ Compliance.
2754 80th Avenue, New Hyde Park, NY 11040
8444141400
***@atozcompliance.com AtoZ Compliance.2754 80th Avenue, New Hyde Park, NY 110408444141400
End
--This webinar will review record retention requirements along with legislations, that are commonly done incorrectly and can cause your company money and will include payroll benchmarking metrics/ payroll best practices.This webinar will give you tools and tips to stay compliant in 2017 for payroll best practices metrics, with existing and new payroll compliance legislation.Payroll courses and payroll disaster recovery plan to make sure you are up to date and are running a payroll that is in compliance for 2017.Record RetentionPayroll Record Keeping Requirements by agencyIRS-Internal Revenue ServiceDOL-Department of LaborPayroll help, payroll legislation, payroll legislation updatesRecord retention polices & procedures & the cost of a poor policyHow to handle and be prepared for auditsSpecial Retention ConcernsForm I-9Sarbanes-OxleyPayroll mergers & acquisitionsUnclaimed PropertiesLegislative updatesW-2 filing deadlinesInformation ReturnAnnual UpdatesCommon Errors to avoidWorker MisclassificationOverpayment CorrectionsTermination ErrorsProper state taxationTaxing Fringe BenefitsObtaining proper substantiationBe up to date on current legislation affecting payroll and legislation that has caused the payroll area to struggleHow to overcome those strugglesUnderstand payroll programs, payroll retention requirements and payroll updatesAll Payroll ProfessionalsAll Accounting ProfessionalsHR ProfessionalsDayna J. ReumDayna J. Reum CPP, FPC Dayna is currently the Payroll Tax & Garnishment Manager at PetSmart Inc. Dayna has been heavily involved in the payroll field over 17 years. Starting as a payroll clerk at a small Tucson company, Dayna moved on to be a Payroll Team Leader at Honeywell Inc. During Dayna's time at Honeywell she obtained her FPC (Fundamental Payroll Certification)through the American Payroll Association. She also received several merit awards for Customer Service and Acquisitions and Divestitures.Dayna is no stranger to teaching she has taught at the Metro Phoenix American Payroll Association meetings and at the Arizona State Payroll Conference. Topics including Payroll Basics, Global/Cultural Awareness, Immigration Basics for the Payroll Professional, Multi-State and Local Taxation and Quality Control for Payroll, International and Canadian payroll.Dayna has her CPP (Certified Payroll Professional)through the APA. She also serves on the National American Payroll Association on the National Strategic Leadership Task Force, Government Affairs Task Force (PA Local tax subcommittee). Dayna has received a Citation of Merit for her service along with being a Gold Pin member of the APA. Besides her payroll accomplishments Dayna is certified in HR hiring and firing practices and is a Six-Sigma Greenbelt.
RPT-UPDATE 1-OECD warns New Zealand on low labour productivity, endorses debt limits
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) warned New Zealand on Thursday that low labour productivity poses long-term challenges for the country despite its solid growth prospects.
Bank of America to lay off more workers
June 15 Bank of America Corp has begun laying off employees in its operations and technology division, part of the second-largest U.S. bank's plan to cut costs.
Anil Ambani led RDEL (Reliance Defense) is all set to kick-start the construction of its ambitious project—Dhirubhai Ambani Aerospace Park located near Nagpur.
End
-- Anil Ambani led RDEL (Reliance Defense) is all set to kick-start the construction of its ambitious project—Dhirubhai Ambani Aerospace Park located near Nagpur. The construction will start at the end of the month and the Ministry has already given approval for the development of park.France's Dassault Aviation and Reliance Defence have partnered in this 49:51 stake joint venture. The collaboration will help to carry out the obligation and execute Rs30000 crore offset program that will also aim selling 36 Rafale fighter jets. This is the first "Make in India" project taken up by Reliance Defense and going successful by all means as far.The aerospace park is also attracting a lot of Foreign Direct investment (FDI) with French aircraft manufacturers assigned to bring foreign direct investment of Rs200 crore by the end of the month.On July 3, it was confirmed by a senior executive from Ministry of Commerce that Anil Ambani led Reliance Infrastructure branch Reliance Aerospace is going to develop the park.The Maharashtra Airport Development Company is only the nodal agency for developing the aerospace park.A senior executive involved in the aerospace project also said that around 50 people have already joined the company and manufacturing at the site of construction will start at the end of the month."For the last two months, we have people who are already training in France. They are part of the team, the lead managers at the site, and have been undergoing training with the Dassault team in France," As per a statement given by executive from the company.Spread over an area of almost 289 acres, the Greenfield aerospace park is set to become the largest aerospace park in the country.Expected to be made under a budget of Rs2, 00,000 crore, the aerospace park will take almost 30-year time period in business."We are also working with many other companies and have multiple projects. All of this will contribute to the government's Make in India initiative,"an official pointed out.Refrence link: http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/ news/defence/ reliance...
Ryan Harper is a senior product manager at Condé Nast Entertainment, where he supports the video initiatives of brands such as The New Yorker, Pitchfork, and Wired. He's also been a product manager at iHeartMedia; a cofounder of the music distribution startup Newquill, and a developer of iOS and Android apps for DirecTV, LACMA, and WebMD. Ryan is a graduate of Yale University.
Stoke City must put an end to their five-game winless streak when they host relegation-threatened Hull City in the Premier League on Saturday, defender Geoff Cameron has said.
Stoke are in danger of getting dragged into the relegation battle as they sit 13th in the table, eight points above the drop zone after drawing at Manchester City and losing their next four games.
"It's a must-win game, 100 percent," Cameron told British media. "We know have to take three points this weekend. It's going to be tough but we have to take care of business.
"They are in the bottom four so they are fighting for position and doing whatever they can... Whatever it takes, if it's ugly or pretty, we've got to get that ball in the back of the net and get three points."
Hull are 17th in the table and have won three of their last five games but have not claimed an away league victory since August.
(Reporting by Aditi Prakash in Bengaluru)
Summertime, beach season, the most wonderful time of the year – whatever you choose to call it, summer is finally upon us. But while the hot days and long evenings can spell good news for your social life (hello, Aperol Spritz sundowners), the temperatures can be a challenge for anyone who likes running.
That being said, summer is a terrific time to get moving – the streets are dry, you can put your pace on the back-burner and, with the right preparation, the weather doesn't have to be a total torture-fest.
Whether you're a professional runner, you're training for a marathon or you simply can't stand the thought of being cooped up in a basement gym when the weather is so glorious, the key to showing summer who's boss is in arming yourself with the right gear.
We can't promise you won't sweat, grimace or want to give up when you're pounding the pavement in 30-degree heat, but we can guarantee that some heatwave-friendly kit will make getting out on a run that little bit more bearable.
1. Lululemon Tracker Short V, £48 (lululemon.co.uk
(Lululemon/PA)
These light-as-a-feather shorts are designed with running in mind, mastering the tricky task of letting your upper leg area breathe while keeping you covered on a breezy run. As well as being super flattering, they're also made from a special four-way stretch fabric that works to wick sweat away from the body – so they won't bunch or cling to your legs during those tricky double-figure miles.
2. Sweaty Betty Stamina Workout Bra, £35 (sweatybetty.com)
(Sweat Betty/PA)
Getting the support you need on a long run doesn't have to feel like a burden. This breathable bra has secure shoulder straps and a compression design that keeps everything in place, while clever waffle ventilation under the breast prevents the ultimate discomfort of moisture pooling.
3. Karrimor X Lite Running Belt and Bottle, £19.99 (karrimor.com)
(Karrimor/PA)
Running dehydrated is not only unpleasant, it's dangerous too. Make sure your H2O levels are topped up with a water belt – this one from Karrimor comes with a 250ml BPA-free bottle which snugly slots into place on the hip, with an elasticated holding strap that will stop it from sliding out while you're sprinting. There's also a handy pocket, so you can keep your keys, bank card and phone safe while you're on the move.
4. Nike Flex Stride 2-In-1 Shorts, £37.95 (nike.com)
(Nike/PA)
The beauty of these shorts is in the double layer effect; you basically slip into a pair of fitted shorts underneath, with a looser pair attached over the top. They're not as tight as other compression styles out there, so there's no chance of chafing, and they'll also stop you from self-consciously tugging at the hemline while you're taking on an incline.
5. Smoovall Skin Contact Spray, £12.99 (smoovall.co.uk)
(Smoovall/PA)
One of the worst things about running in the heat is the very real chance that you will chafe. The uncomfortable rubbing-together of your thigh area in sweaty conditions can all too quickly lead to irritating friction burns. This non-greasy spray forms a protective layer over the skin and can be applied everywhere, from nipples to nether regions, to help protect your delicate areas.
6. Saucony Endorphin Singlet, £26.69 (sportsshoes.com)
(Saucony/PA)
Sometimes all you need to get you hyped for a run is some colourful performance kit that makes you feel like an athlete. This racer-back running vest from Saucony is made from silky smooth material that keeps your chest covered while letting your underarm areas breathe. Time to retire the baggy t-shirts, gentlemen.
7. Adidas Ultraboost Parley Trainers, £149.95 (adidas.co.uk)
(Adidas/PA)
The sole of these streamlined trainers are made from Adidas' trademark ‘boost' technology, which absorbs the energy you put into each stride and fires it back at your foot – making for a bouncy and responsive ride. They're also made from recycled ocean plastic – each pair's upper is made from 95% waste dredged from the oceans around the Maldives. Looks good, do good, feel good.
8. Sony WF-SP700N Sports Headphones, £180 (sony.co.uk)
(Sony/PA)
When you're already hot and bothered, there's nothing worse than getting tangled up in your headphone wires while you're trying to skip through tracks on your running playlist. Eliminate the inconvenience with these bud sport headphones, which fit snugly into the ear and don't budge. There's in-built noise cancelling technology to block out distractions, while an ambient mode lets you enjoy your music and still hear your surroundings on the roads. They have around three hours battery life, but there's also a separate pocket-sized carrying case that stores enough juice for two extra recharges.
9. Coola Sunscreen Spray SPF 30, £36, Space NK (spacenk.com)
(Space NK/PA)
The most important thing to bear in mind on summer runs? Keeping your skin safe. A good sunscreen will help to protect you from the sun's harmful UV rays, preventing sunburn and various skin cancers. This one comes in a handy spray bottle for easy use and quick-drying application, and is sweat resistant for up to 40 minutes.
Remember, the sun is strongest between 10am and 4pm, so if you're planning to get out on a run, it's better to clock up the miles early in the morning or later in the evening, so you can stay safe and avoid the burn.
© Press Association 2018
As mentioned in my previous post, any popular award is at its best when as many people as possible get involved. As the Australian Ditmar Awards have just opened for nominations, I'm sharing the links here to make it easy for as many people as possible to get into it. So think about what you've read, check anyone's eligibility post, and get nominating!
The rules are here: http://wiki.sf.org.au/Ditmar_rules
You can see a pretty thorough eligibility list here: http://wiki.sf.org.au/2017_Ditmar_eligibility_list
And nominating is very easy with this online form: http://ditmars.sf.org.au/2017/nominations.html
Get to it.
.
Cooking Mexican food, watching Star Wars films, and taking long walks are everyday things that most Americans would take for granted.
But for the "House of Horrors" children - who were allegedly imprisoned and abused by their own parents - these have all been brand-new experiences.
Seven of the 13 siblings were released from Corona Regional Medical Center in California on Thursday and moved into an undisclosed rural home.
Meanwhile, their parents David Turpin, 57, and Louise, 48, are behind bars on charges including torture, child abuse, and false imprisonment, the Daily Mail reports.
Advertisement
They have pleaded not guilty.
David Turpin appears in court in Riverside, California. Photo / AP
Now the seven siblings, who range in age from 18 to 29, are relishing the independence they have long been denied, according to their lawyer Jack Osborn.
"It's just really fun. It's fun to be around them," Osborn, who specialises in clients with special needs, told Good Morning America.
"They're really full of joy about their life and the things they get to experience right now."
The siblings, who are still under the state's care, have been reunited with the family dog and are enjoying the chance to pick their own bedding and have their own closet space.
Other new experiences have included picking citrus, making ice cream sundaes with hot fudge, and preparing Mexican food.
It is a world away from the frozen food they were fed in the House of Horrors - if they were fed at all.
"They pretty much love any food that is fresh," Osborn said. "They love fruit, pasta, and soup."
Authorities said the siblings were routinely starved by their parents. All children, except for a two-year-old toddler, were found severely malnourished.
The eldest of the siblings, a 29-year-old woman, weighed only 82lb when she was rescued by police.
Louise Turpin appears in court in Riverside, California. Photo / AP
Osborn said the siblings are continuing occupational, psychological, and physical therapy, as well as watching plenty of movies - including the Star Wars films.
He said they are looking forward to "going out to restaurants and stores and movies and going for walks and shopping and all of those things".
But Osborn said the siblings most of all just love to go outside. It is the first time in their lives that they can walk out the front door whenever they like.
They are now looking forward to reuniting with their younger siblings, who are currently being cared for in two foster homes.
Osborn said the older siblings are also hoping to become independent, getting their drivers licenses and eventually finding careers and spouses.
"The adult siblings want to be known as survivors, not victims," he said.
The siblings, who are still under the state's care, have been reunited with the family dog and are enjoying the chance to pick their own bedding and have their own closet space. Photo / Facebook
"They want to do things for themselves and they want to start having independent lives where they're responsible for themselves."
"That's the goal and that's what everyone is working toward."
David and Louise Turpin were arrested in January after their 17-year-old daughter escaped from the family home in Perris, California, and called 911 on a deactivated cell phone.
Police discovered the 12 other siblings at the home amid the stench of human waste.
The couple is being held on $13 million bail and, if convicted, they face up to life in prison.
Louise Turpin's uncle, James Taylor, 67, spoke with DailyMail.com at his home in Princeton and said his family were blindsided by reports of the abuse that his great-nieces and nephews had suffered.
The victims, who range in age from two to 29 years old, were chained to their beds as punishment and weren't even unshackled during bathroom trips, prosecutors said.
District Attorney Michael Hestrin revealed that the children were kept up all night and slept during the day in a suspected attempt to avoid any outsiders witnessing the abuse.
They were regularly beaten and occasionally strangled, he also alleged during a press conference in January.
The couple were arrested in January after their 17-year-old daughter escaped from the family home in Perris, California, and called 911 on a deactivated phone. Photo / AP
None of the children have ever seen a dentist and none have seen a doctor for four years, Hestrin said.
Some of the children did not know what a police officer was when they were rescued and many are mentally impaired as a result of what prosecutors called "severe, prolonged and pervasive abuse".
While the children starved, the parents bought food including pumpkin and apple pie and kept it out on worktops for them to look at and desire, Hestrin said.
According to Hestrin, the abuse began in 2010 and has intensified ever since. At the time, the parents would tie the children up as punishment with rope, he said.
When the children managed to escape, their parents moved on to using chains and padlocks.
"Everybody is shocked that this even happened," Taylor said. "What made them do it? I wouldn't treat an animal like that."
Taylor said that it had been a "few years" since Louise Turpin brought some of her children to West Virginia to meet family.
"I haven't seen her in so long, we lost contact. It was years ago that she lived here. She ran off with David and got married when she was 14 or 15," he said.
"She didn't even come to my mom and my sister's funeral. I thought that was kind of strange. But if they had those kids all chained up that's probably why they didn't come."
Taylor said that he was close to Louise's mother, Phyllis Robinette, before she passed away in February 2016 at the age of 66.
Taylor said that he believed Louise spoke to her on a daily basis.
Evidence against the couple includes videos, audio recordings and physical evidence of the years of abuse. Photo / Facebook
"Phyllis planned on going down there [to California] but they kept making excuses. I see why now."
Taylor said he was particularly shocked because he believed that David Turpin was educated and had a high-paying job, giving the impression that he was taking good care of his family.
The great-uncle said that he had not spoken to any of his great-nieces and nephews but was relieved to hear that they were being well cared for.
"I had a hard time dealing with the details but then I saw on the news that they were getting money and clothes," he said. Fundraising efforts have netted hundreds of thousands of dollars for the siblings.
He said that the family, who still lived in West Virginia, would welcome the children with open arms should they ever want to visit.
"I would love to see them," Taylor said.
James Turpin, the father of David Turpin, told DailyMail.com he has recently spoken to some of his grandchildren and said they are "doing just fine".
Turpin, 84, who lives in the small town of Princeton, West Virginia, with his wife Betty, 81, said that he also hoped to visit his grandchildren in California.
As the adult siblings become accustomed to life on their own, their younger siblings are being introduced to experiences other children may take for granted - like toothbrushes, Harry Potter and iPads.
A preliminary hearing for the Turpins' trial is set for May 14.
Evidence against the couple includes videos, audio recordings and physical evidence of the years of abuse.
Earlier this month it emerged that the 17-year-old girl who had escaped from the home had shared videos of herself singing on YouTube.
The teen, who posted the clips under an alias, revealed the squalid conditions inside the home as a result.
In one clip, obtained by GMA, a huge pile of dirty clothes are seen in the corner of the room.
She was also seen playing with two small dogs - which were found well-fed and in good health by rescuers, in stark contrast to the condition of the children.
Iberdrola revenue from renewables was up 9.3% to almost €1.05bn in the first quarter of 2018, from just under €961m in the same period last year, on the back of increased wind power output.
Net profit from renewables also rose in the first three months of the year to €243.m compared with €193.1m in 2016.
Wind output in Spain was up almost 25% to 4402 gigawatt-hours from 3539GWh, while in the UK onshore production grew more than 32% to 1250GWh from 947GWh in the same period last year, the Spanish company said.
Offshore wind output in the UK increased by 12.4% to 245GWh from 218GWh in 2016.
Overall output from renewables was up almost 15% in the first three months of the year to just under 18.75GWh, with offshore wind production jumping 87% to 407GWh, Iberdrola said.
Installed renewables capacity was almost 29.3GW at the end of the first quarter of 2018, up from just under 27.9GW at this time last year.
Offshore wind capacity more than doubled in the period to 544MW from 239MW in 2016, while onshore stood at just over 15.5GW at the end of March compared with almost 14.9GW in 2016.
Overall, Iberdrola reported revenue of €9.34bn in the first quarter, up 14% on the €8.2bn posted a year ago.
Net profit rose slightly to €838m from just under €828m last year.
Image: Iberdrola
The Renault Captur is a premium SUV with crossover DNA
Update: Renault Captur Launched At Rs 9.99 Lakh
SUVs no longer have the same use as before. Earlier, they were specifically meant for unpaved surfaces but most of them nowadays run on concrete roads and deal mainly with potholes. Since SUVs have taken up a new role, it only makes sense that these vehicles adapt to the changing expectations. Introducing a premium SUV with crossover DNA that is fit for the new role, the Renault Captur.
How do you unlock a Renault Captur? You use a card! Know more.
Renault Captur: Customisation Options - read more about them here
The Captur's sleek design gives it an appearance that is perfect for the urban landscape. The Captur's dual-tone roof and contrast ORVMs, stylish alloy wheels, and LED DRLs instantly draw attention and makes it look premium. At the same time, the protruding nose, the raked windscreen and the sloping roofline give the Captur aerodynamic benefit. The low and long look further gives it an unprecedented road presence, turning heads wherever it goes. The floating roofline, which slopes towards the rear, and the carefully sculpted sides, make the Captur look agile even when not on the move.
Check out 5 cool features of the Renault Captur here
The Renault Captur's flowing design also makes it more aerodynamically efficient, which helps reduce the drag coefficient thereby helping fuel efficiency. Also, since the air flows more smoothly around the Captur than it would do around more conventional boxy SUV, there is a lot less wind resistance and wind cutting noise, which keeps the cabin quieter at speeds.
Not just that, since the Captur is not too tall, it has a lower centre of gravity, which aids handling characteristics. The centralized mass also helps the car tackle corners better. Even while taking turns at a pace, the Captur remains planted to the ground and does not exhibit as much body roll as a usual body-on-frame SUV would. The turning radius of the Captur is 5.2m. Being based on the proven B0 platform and with that ground clearance, the Captur is also capable when it comes to dealing with uneven surfaces. In short, the Renault Captur offers the best of both worlds.
Renault Captur: How Comfortable Is It? Find out.
*Sponsored feature
LONDON, May 2 (IFR) - HSBC has hired Henry Werkmeister from Citigroup as head of institutional sales for Germany and Austria for its global markets business.
Werkmeister will start on June 1 and replace Bernd Stotzka, who is retiring at the end of June.
HSBC Germany said on Tuesday Werkmeister will be based in Düsseldorf and report to Jan Wilmanns, its deputy head of markets, and Marwan Dagher, head of EMEA institutional sales.
HSBC said Werkmeister has been Citigroup's head of fixed income sales for Germany and Austria for institutional clients since 2012. He started his career with Deutsche Bank. (Reporting by Steve Slater)
Denis O'Brien's Caribbean telco, Digicel, has ended its sponsorship of the West Indies cricket team a year early.
The 13-year-old sponsorship was renewed in 2016 for a three-year period, but Digicel and Cricket West Indies confirmed it is being terminated. It is understood a new title sponsor is waiting in the wings, to be announced shortly.
The value of the sponsorship was not revealed, but it is likely to have been costing Mr O'Brien's company well in excess of $5 million (€4.2 million) annually. The five-year deal from 2007 to 2012, for example, had a minimum payment of $20 million (€17 million).
Market turmoil
“Over the years, we have been very successful in forging sponsorship partnerships . . . This approach has helped us to grow the Digicel brand,” said Raymond Leclercq, Digicel's chief executive.
The sponsorship was among the highest-profile in Digicel's stable, which has also included deals with Jamaican sprinters Usain Bolt and Shelly Ann Pryce.
Meanwhile, Digicel's bonds fell to a two-year low this week, as emerging markets investments were hammered in the market turmoil sparked by the Italian election and euro crisis.
Digicel is currently on an investor roadshow in the United States and Britain. It has told bondholders it expects full-year results to the end of March to show revenues of $2.4 billion (€2 billion) and adjusted earnings of over $1 billion (€860 million).
Anyone who gets to see the total solar eclipse on August 21 will be lucky — and humanity is lucky to live on a planet that even has this kind of celestial event.
Mercury and Venus, after all, don't even have moons. Mars has a couple, but they're too small to completely blot out the sun. Gas giants like Jupiter do have big moons, but they don't have solid surfaces where you could stand and enjoy an eclipse.
And, even with solid land and a moon, Earth only gets its gorgeous total solar eclipses because of a cosmic coincidence.
"They appear to be the same size because of their distance away from us," explains Amber Porter, an astronomer at Clemson University, which is in the path of the upcoming eclipse. The diameter of Earth's moon is about 400 times smaller than the diameter of the sun, but "even though the moon is about 400 times smaller than the sun, it's about 400 times closer to us here on Earth, which is how that perfect kind of magic happens."
Because of this quirk, the tiny moon can obscure the entire face of the sun and reveal its eerie corona, at least right now. In the past, Earth's eclipses did not look like this.
"The size of the sun hasn't really changed over the age of Earth, but the moon has been moving away from Earth over eons. So in the past it looked bigger," says Matija Cuk, a planetary scientist at the SETI Institute.
The moon is still moving away from Earth, he says. Every year, it shifts outward about an inch-and-half.
"So actually for billions of years you can have a total eclipse, but this very evenly matched eclipse, where it is barely total, that happens for a relatively short amount of time," says Cuk.
In only about 600 million years, the moon will look small enough that it no longer completely covers the sun, and whoever is left on Earth won't see any more total solar eclipses. So, get them while you can.
SEOUL, South Korea -- Prime Minister Hwang Kyo-ahn, acting leader of South Korea, sought to bolster the armed forces in a New Year's message aimed as much at potential North Korean provocation as the morale of southern troops.
Hwang, who is leading the country while a court decides on whether to accept the impeachment of President Park Geun-hye and remove her from office, knows that North Korea may be his biggest challenge. Last year Pyongyang staged a string of missile test-launches and two nuclear tests and, with instability in Seoul and a new president set to take over this month in Washington, many expect more trouble from North Korea.
"Our people have firm faith in our troops as they maintain stern military readiness with strong willpower," Hwang said in a recorded message for the troops.
Hwang said Seoul will spend whatever it takes to support the armed forces.
South Korea's opposition-controlled parliament last month voted to remove Park over a corruption scandal. State prosecutors have accused her of colluding with a longtime confidante to extort money and favors from companies and allowing her friend to interfere with government affairs.
Park's powers will remain suspended until the Constitutional Court decides whether she should permanently step down or be reinstated. The trial could take up to six months, and if the court formally removes Park from office, a presidential election will be held within 60 days.
Hwang, who had a largely ceremonial job before Park's impeachment, has been running affairs as opposition politicians pledge to erase some of Park's signature policies.
Hwang has vowed to maintain agreements with Japan over the sharing of military intelligence and the compensation for South Korean women forced into sexual slavery by Japan's World War II military.
He has also dismissed calls by the opposition to reconsider a decision to deploy an advanced U.S. missile defense system to cope with North Korean threats.
The plans to deploy the Terminal High-Altitude Area Defense system, or THAAD, has angered not only North Korea but also China, which suspects that the system would allow U.S. radar to better track its missiles.
According to a new report published by Future Market Insights titled “Paediatric Vaccine Market: Global Industry Analysis & Opportunity Assessment, 2016 – 2026”, in terms of revenue, the global paediatric vaccine market is expected to increase at 14.4% CAGR during the forecast period 2016-2026. The global paediatric vaccine market is expected to reach US$ 27.97 Bn in 2016.
The global Paediatric Vaccine Market is segmented on the basis of indication, technology, in terms of revenue, end user and region.
By indication, pneumococcal segment accounted for higher revenue share in global paediatric vaccines as compared to other product segments. The pneumococcal segment is expected to reach a value of US$ 31.58 Bn by 2026, reflecting a CAGR of 14.4% over the forecast period. The growth of pneumococcal segment is attributed to the increasing incidence of infectious diseases.
In terms of revenue, Hib vaccine segment is the second most growing segment and is expected to reach a value of US$ 13.49 Bn by 2026, growing at a CAGR of 13.4%. Hepatitis B and meningococcal segment are expected to show double-digit CAGR growth in the forecast period contributing to the growth of global paediatric vaccine market.
By technology, conjugate segment accounted for highest revenue share in global paediatric vaccine market as compared to live or attenuated segment. The conjugate segment is expected to reach a value of US$ 32.09 Bn by 2026, reflecting a CAGR of 14.8% over the forecast period. This is expected to be closely followed by the growth of pneumococcal and meningococcal vaccines in this segment
By end user, institutional health centres account for higher demand for paediatric vaccine as compared to other end user segments such as hospital pharmacies and retail pharmacies. The strong growth in institutional health centres can be attributed to increasing government interventions in immunisation programs in order to improve vaccine coverage. Institutional health centres are expected to register highest CAGR of 13.8% over the forecast period.
By region, North America is dominating the global paediatric vaccine market due to improved healthcare infrastructure in this region. The North America paediatric vaccine market is expected to be valued at US$ 20.15 Bn by 2026 growing at a CAGR for 11.0%. In addition to North America, demand for paediatric vaccines has been significantly growing in Western Europe and APEJ.
Request A Sample of Report: https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-1317
Summary of Table of Content:
1. Executive Summary
2. Market Introduction
3. Global Paediatric Vaccine Market Analysis Scenario
4. Market Dynamics
5. Global Paediatric Vaccine Market Analysis and Forecasts, By Indication
6. Global Paediatric Vaccine Market Analysis and Forecasts, By Technology
7. Global Paediatric Vaccine Market Analysis and Forecasts, By Vaccine Type
8. Global Paediatric Vaccine Market Analysis and Forecasts, By End Users
9. Global Paediatric Vaccine Market Analysis and Forecasts, By Region
10. North America Paediatric Vaccine Market Analysis and Forecast
11. Latin America Paediatric Vaccine Market Analysis and Forecast
12. Western Europe Paediatric Vaccine Market Analysis and Forecast
13. Eastern Europe Paediatric Vaccine Market Analysis and Forecast
14. APEJ Paediatric Vaccine Market Analysis and Forecast
15. Japan Paediatric Vaccine Market Analysis and Forecast
16. MEA Paediatric Vaccine Market Analysis and Forecast
17. Competition Landscape
18. Assumptions and Acronyms Used
19. Research Methodology
Request to Browse Full Table of Content, figure and Tables @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/pediatric-vaccines-market/toc
Contact Us
616 Corporate Way, Suite 2-9018,
Valley Cottage, NY 10989,
United States
T: +1-347-918-3531
F: +1-845-579-5705
T (UK): +44(0)20-7692-8790
Sales: sales@futuremarketinsights.com
Website: http://www.futuremarketinsights.com
Global Cottonseed Oil Market: Overview
The rising use of cottonseed oil in food products and other industries is encouraging the growth of the global cottonseed oil market in the next few years. The enhancement of the distribution network by the key players is projected to accelerate the development of the overall market in the forecast period.
The research report on the global cottonseed oil market provides insights into the key aspects of the market that are estimated to influence the development in the coming few years. The research study throws light on the growth drivers, barriers, and limitations in the global market. Moreover, the key segmentation, product portfolio, key applications, and the competitive scenario of the global cottonseed oil have been provided in the scope of the research study.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/cottonseed-oil-market.html
Global Cottonseed Oil Market: Drivers and Restraints
The global cottonseed oil market is expected to grow significantly in the next few years, thanks to the rising demand for cottonseed oil across diverse industries. The increasing awareness among consumers regarding the benefits of cottonseed oil is estimated to accelerate the growth of the overall market in the forecast period. In addition, the low price of cottonseed oil for cooking purposes is predicted to encourage the development of the market in the near future.
As per these factors, the global cottonseed oil market is expected to register a progressive growth rate in the next few years. Some of the prominent end use industries of global cottonseed oil market are food processing, retail, cosmetics, and other industries. The expansion of the application base is projected to generate promising and lucrative opportunities for leading players operating in the cottonseed oil market across the globe.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=20657
Global Cottonseed Oil Market: Region-wise Outlook
From a geographical perspective, the North America market for cottonseed oil is anticipated to witness a healthy growth in the near future. The rising contribution from the U.S. is one of the key factors predicted to encourage the growth of this region in the coming years. In addition, the growing demand from several industries is estimated to accelerate the growth of the market in the next few years.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
A protest is going to be held on Wednesday (April 19) in the Huercal-Overa area to try and save the lives of more than 60 dogs that allegedly are being kept in appalling conditions.
The fighting dogs are being kept together in one room with no windows and are left to fight, breed and ultimately die.
The owner of the dogs is known to rent the dogs for either breeding or fighting purposes, and has threatened neighbours who complained about the noise in the past.
One resident's pets were killed after she attempted to get footage of the dogs living conditions, while others have moved away from the area.
Live pigs have also allegedly been thrown in as food for the canines.
A picture of some of the injuries one of the dogs sustained in a fight. The dog was original white.
The organiser of the march has reported the conditions to authorities, who have refused to act, despite the fact laws are being broken.
Its aim is to force authorities to deal with the situation and ultimately achieve a better quality of life for the animals.
Anyone in the Huercal-Overa area is urged to join the protest which starts at 11 am at the Lidl car park, and will then lead to the house where the dogs are kept.
Index Markets Research offers a detailed research on Global Traffic Management System Market with the future prospects of the market to provide the current state and emerging trends in the market. The report covers methodical outlook by considering aspects such as market growth, market demands, business strategies, consumption volume, market trends and industry cost structure during the forecast period 2018-2025. New vendors in the market are facing tough competition from established international vendors as they struggle with technological innovations, reliability and quality issues. The Prominent Manufacturers included Kapsch TrafficCom, SWARCO, Siemens, TomTom, THALES, IBM, IBM, Fujitsu, Q-Free, Imtech, Kyosan Electric, SICE, Iteris, Peek traffic, E-Hualu, China ITS (Holdings), ENJOYOR, Datang Telecom, Wantong Technology, Hisense TransTech, China Shipping Network Technology, Dahua Technology, HIKVISION, Baokang Electronic.
The Traffic Management System Market report includes a brief on these trends that can help the businesses operating in the industry to understand the market and strategize for their business expansion accordingly. The research report analyzes the market size, industry share, growth, key segments, CAGR and key drivers. In this part, the report presents the company profile, product specifications, capacity, production value, and 2013-2018 market shares for each company. Through the statistical analysis, the report depicts the global total market of Traffic Management System industry including capacity, production, production value, cost/profit, supply/demand and import/export. The total market is further divided by company, by country, and by application/type for the competitive landscape analysis.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-traffic-management-system-market/10156/#requestforsample
The Traffic Management System Market report gives a description of the competitive nature of the market, market shares, and its growth rates based on 5-year history data along with company profile of key players/manufacturers. The Porter's Five Forces model and the SWOT analysis are also a fraction of this study so as to assist businessmen in recognizing the spirited background of the market. This is The market report integrates a study of the investment charisma of the market, and the end consumers have been standardized based on their general attractiveness, rate of development, and size of the market.It provides overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost, revenue, volume delivered (in kilo tons) and the income it produces (in US$), demand and supply data (as applicable). The research analysts provide an elaborate description of the value chain and its distributor analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Traffic Management System Market Products Type Segmentation : Integrated Urban Traffic Control System, Freeway Management System, Electronic Toll Collection (ETC), Advanced Public Transportation System, Others.
Traffic Management System Market Applications Segmentation : Urban Traffic, Inter-Urban, Parking Management, Info-mobility, Public Transport, Freeway, Freeway.
Key Highlights of the Traffic Management System Market :
1) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
2) Analyze the opportunities in the market for stakeholders by identifying the high growth segments.
3) It depicts parameters such as production value, capacity in a statistical format that is accurately fathomed by the readers.
4) Strategically analyze each submarket with respect to individual growth trend and their contribution to the market.
5) Strategically profile the key players and comprehensively analyze their growth strategies.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-traffic-management-system-market/10156/#inquiry
In the conclusion, The Traffic Management System market downstream consumer analysis, upstream raw materials, different types of equipment are concealed in the report. Research findings, conclusions, industry feasibility analysis, vendors and traders involved, appendix data and figures in the form of tables, graphs, and pie-charts.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Average retail gasoline prices in Illinois fell 3 cents a gallon in the past week, averaging $2.48 on Monday, according to GasBuddy's daily survey of 4,378 gas outlets in Illinois.
This compares with the national average that increased 1 cent a gallon in the past week to $2.40, according to gasoline price website GasBuddy.com.
Most Jacksonville stations were at $2.18 on Monday.
Including the change in gas prices in Illinois during the past week, prices Monday were 29 cents higher than one year ago and 123 cents higher than a month ago. The national average has increased 11 cents during the past month and was 29 cents higher than one year ago.
“The national average gasoline price climbed to its highest level since Sept. 5, 2015, on the $6-per-barrel rise in oil prices over the last few weeks, supported by last week's decline in oil inventories and pressure from geopolitical tensions,” said Patrick DeHaan, senior petroleum analyst for GasBuddy.com.
“While some states in the Great Lakes saw average gasoline prices ease after leading the nation by rising double digits each of the last two weeks, most the country saw a continued rise. However, the national average may reach its peak for the year in the next few weeks barring major escalation in Syria as refiners have generally concluded seasonal maintenance work and summer gasoline's May 1 deadline for refiners is just around the corner,” he said.
http://myjournalcourier.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/web1_web-gasgauge-2.jpg
March 30 Ricebran Technologies
* Ricebran Technologies to relocate its corporate headquarters to the Sacramento Valley in California as of April 3, 2017
* Ricebran Technologies-relocation expected to reduce costs by consolidating primary corporate activities within existing west Sacramento distribution facility Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set his sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of his long coaching career.
Anna's Adventures: Logan
Close Modal Window Hang on for a minute...we're trying to find some more stories you might like.
Close
Close Modal Window Email This Story Sends email to this address
Enter Your Name
Add a comment here
Verification
Send Email Cancel
Some people have long been over the string of superhero movies that seem to constantly be dominating the box office; others are die-hard fans that never tire of seeing the newest interpretation of their comic book favorites. I find myself in the middle of those two groups. I roll my eyes at some of the movies but anxiously await the release of others. One superhero movie that I was awaiting was “Logan.”
Hugh Jackman, the actor who plays Wolverine, announced a few years ago that his time of continuing to play the hero was limited. “Logan” is the last film that he stars in as the Wolverine. Because I grew up watching the first string of X-Men movies, with Wolverine being one of my favorite heroes, I knew that this would be a movie that I would have to see. On top of the great story, Jackman is eye candy.
There was a lot of hype and high expectations for this movie, especially because it was Jackman's last X-Men film. I tried to keep realistic expectations because the movie business has let me down before. However, after the ending credits rolled I found myself satisfied with the movie and its role.
Those who have followed the X-Men movies know that Wolverine is a tough, skilled fighter with a terrible attitude. In “Logan,” I was shocked to see an aged Wolverine who was capable of getting beat up (even if only for a few short moments) by thugs trying to steal his tires. Throughout the movie, he is seen walking with a limp and having a constant cough. It was a complete 180 to the Wolverine I was used to seeing.
The plot itself interesting, but the background set-up took longer than I would have liked. The movie is set in 2029, which accounts for the aged Wolverine. Once the plot picks up and the big reveal takes place, the movies drops off again. It has comical moments that break up the tension and gore that make up the majority of the movie. Then, toward the end of the movie, the plot picks back up. The best way to describe the entire film is by relating the film to a rollercoaster with two big drops. In between, there are pieces of information revealed about what happened to the other X-Men and who the little girl, Laura, is, but those details are not as dramatic as the two big drops.
Overall, the plot, the twist and the ending were a satisfying ending to the Wolverine story. The movie had references to past movies, such as a reference to previous battle sites and the appearance of his dog tags, which long-time fans will appreciate. The movie also included the running joke of comic books. These jokes frequently appeared to Wolverine's disgust, causing him to say the writers only took a fraction of the truth and spun a large web of lies and that most of the events in the comic books never really happened.
The ending of “Logan” was the first time I have heard sniffles throughout the theater after a superhero film. I will not deny that I was among those bawling their eyes out.
Although this movie left me in an emotional state and I tried to rationalize that it should not have ended the way it did, the movie was very entertaining and memorable. As a film in the superhero genre, its emotional power says a lot. The movie was the end of an era and definitely worth a watch.
Meghan Markle's hands-on approach to her big day has been revealed by a cellist who said the actress rang and asked him to play at her wedding.
Sheku Kanneh-Mason, a rising star of the classical music world, said he was "bowled over" when Prince Harry's fiancee requested his services - and he agreed immediately.
The 19-year-old winner of the BBC Young Musician 2016 award is among a group of artists and choral groups named as performers at Harry and Meghan's wedding on May 19.
During the service a gospel group will share the bill with a traditional chapel choir, a female soprano and a trumpet soloist among others.
The teenage cellist said: "I'm so excited and honoured to perform at Prince Harry and Ms Meghan Markle's wedding.
"I was bowled over when Ms Markle called me to ask if I would play during the ceremony, and of course I immediately said yes.
"What a privilege to be able to play the cello at such a wonderful event. I can't wait!"
The couple will exchange their wedding vows in front of 600 family, friends and colleagues at St George's Chapel at Windsor Castle.
Kensington Palace said: "Both Prince Harry and Ms Markle have taken a great interest and care in choosing the music for their service, which will include a number of well-known hymns and choral works."
The chapel will echo to the gospel sounds of the Kingdom Choir founded and directed by Karen Gibson.
Ms Gibson, who will lead her group during the service, said: "The Kingdom Choir is truly honoured to be invited to sing at the wedding of Prince Harry and Ms Markle, and very excited to be taking part in such a historic moment.
"It will be a moment that we will always treasure, and we'd like to take the opportunity to wish the couple all the very best for their coming union."
Harry and Meghan may be planning to contrast the uplifting enthusiasm of the gospel singers with beautiful Baroque pieces, as they have picked soloists who have made their name playing this style of music.
Trumpeter David Blackadder, a Baroque specialist, who is the principal trumpet with both the Orchestra of the Age of Enlightenment and the Academy of Ancient Music, will play with The Orchestra.
The Orchestra, conducted by Christopher Warren-Green, comprises musicians from the BBC National Orchestra of Wales, the English Chamber Orchestra and the Philharmonia.
They will be joined by soprano Elin Manahan Thomas best known for her performances of Baroque masterpieces.
James Vivian, director of music at St George's Chapel, will be in overall control of the service's music which will also feature state trumpeters from all ranks of the Band of the Household Cavalry, St George's Chapel choir and Luke Bond, the chapel's assistant director of music, will play the organ.
Mr Vivian said: "The choristers, lay clerks, organists and I are very much looking forward to this exciting day and are pleased to be performing at the service music chosen by the couple.
"We are also looking forward to welcoming to St George's musical colleagues from near and far who will be performing at this very special and joyful occasion."
When you think of solving traffic congestion and parking problems, what sort of places comes to mind? Probably dense population centers, cities like New York, London , or Paris. Yellowstone National Park, and its 3,500 square miles of wilderness across Montana, Wyoming, and Idaho, is probably not high on your list of traffic concerns. For Yellowstone Superintendent Dan Wenk, however, managing the 4.25 million visitors who show up in a year (who, by the way, eat 250 tons of ice cream) and the congestion they cause is a problem that needs solving.And the seasonality makes the crowds even more intense. Fully two-thirds of visitors hit the park in summer months, with nearly a million in July alone. The shoulder months of May, September, and October see virtually all the rest.Wenk, speaking at the Michelin Movin' On conference in Montreal, cites "competing values" at the park, which amount to resource management – protecting the wildlife and preserving the geological wonders – and accommodating the visitors who come from around the world to admire Yellowstone's natural beauty. With the number of visitors rising, capacity is straining, and Yellowstone needs to find answers to its traffic problems. More visitors also equal more search and rescue missions, more park violations, and more potential disruption to the environment and wildlife.Visitors show satisfaction regarding the sights and experiences the park offers, but surveys show the top things that didn't meet their expectations were crowds, parking, and traffic. Many parking areas at the more popular sites operate over capacity. The park experiences around 1,200 "animal jams" in a year, with "lines of traffic that back up two to three miles in each direction to see the grizzly bear and the two cubs, or to see a wolf take down an elk.""This probably does not remind you of a pristine wilderness experience," Wenk says, showing photos of cars packed tightly and humans lined up on foot to view one of the park's geothermal features.There's no simple solution, though. "We have, as a government agency, limited financial resources," Wenk says. The road system was established in the early 1900s, and the park needs another $800 million just to upgrade roads to current standards. What's more, weather is an issue, limiting the amount of time each year during which to make improvements, and upgrading segments takes several years. People have said they want a mass transportation system in Yellowstone, "but they said they want you to have a mass transportation system for other people," according to Wenk. "They did not want to use that system themselves."What is Yellowstone to do? Well, they're still figuring that out. The park is currently capturing data and focusing on its goals – which fall under those "competing values" mentioned earlier – while managing limited assets over the next 20 years. "We're new to this," says Wenk. "We're new to looking at it in this way." The park service is developing new resource planning tools and bringing in experts from multiple disciplines to better understand where it can make the most impact on congestion, while maintaining the treasured ecosystem that brings people to the park in the first place.For now, though, Wenk tells potential visitors, "I hope you get a chance to come to Yellowstone. I hope you get a chance to be stuck in a traffic jam for a little while so you can see some of the great resources we have in the park."
By John Lee.
Iraqi Prime Minister Dr. Haider Abadi has visited the headquarters of the largest French employers organization in Paris and held a meeting with the heads of 25 major French companies.
The Mouvement des Entreprises de France (MEDEF) has more than 750,000 member firms, 90 percent of them being small and medium enterprises (SMEs) with fewer than 50 employees.
At a separate meeting during his visit to Paris, the French Government agreed to subsidise Iraqi students accepted on further education courses in France.
(Source: Office of the Prime Minister)
Dear Abby: I am 68 and my husband is 80. I just found out he is involved with a 40-year-old woman. He says it is not an affair because they haven't actually had sex! I don't know what to do. Can you help me?
— Heartbroken in New Mexico
Dear Heartbroken: Your husband may not be having an affair in the physical sense, but he IS having an emotional affair. He may be flattered by the attention he's receiving from…
In this image released by the U.S. Army, Sgt. Allen L. Stigler Jr., of Arlington, Texas, is photographed in an official portrait. According to the Pentagon, Stigler and Sgt. Roshain E. Brooks were killed Sunday, Aug. 13 in Iraq were casualties of a U.S. artillery "mishap." U.S. Army via AP)
For a Government that's been spinning its wheels, talking a lot and doing not much, they can at last be acknowledged for getting a potentially significant piece of legislation into the House, and towards what many will hope is a kind of fiscal resolution.
Officially, it is called the "Taxation Neutralising Base Erosion and Profit Shifting Bill". In other words: the Google tax.
Big companies, it has been decided, don't pay enough tax here and we need to do something about it. This bill is your answer, and that is where we strike our first hurdle. It might be the answer - but equally it might not.
The problem is, of course, the so-called lack of tax that is paid here is not illegal. It's not like we're chasing crooks' companies who operate anywhere they want.
Advertisement
They operate in places where tax is low, and tax is low in a lot of places, and that's not illegal either. Countries can set any sort of tax rate they like.
Ireland became famous for its low corporate rate designed specifically to attract big names to their place to open shop, employ locals and pump money into the economy. That's before we get to the so-called tax havens: also perfectly legal, but increasingly judged with opprobrium.
In fact, the EU issued a list last week in an attempt into some sort of crackdown. But back to us. So if head office is in a low tax jurisdiction, and NZ is merely an outpost, then you can easily see that the tax doesn't get paid here.
Australia has passed law looking to do the same thing we are but just on Friday, we had the news that Exxon Mobil reported $6.7 billion in income, but also loss of taxable income so paid no tax. Chevron reported $2.1 billion in income, paid no tax. Shell reported $4.2 billion in income, paid no tax.
So we might like to look at whether a law is, in fact, any sort of answer at all.
Of course the real answer is global agreement on taxation, which is never going to happen. As a result, the individual countries are left to try and recoup what they can - and that's our next problem: we don't count.
Four and a half million people at the bottom of the world is worth doing business in - if it's easy. If it's not easy, the red flags start flying, and companies that deal in billions, if not hundreds of billions, have better things to do with their time.
That's not to say we shouldn't give this a crack: business of all sorts has a moral obligation to be good corporate citizens. Part of the hope is this law will send that message and therefore it might get some traction. Fingers crossed.
March 30 JYSKE BANK A/S:
* ISSUE OF SUPPLEMENTARY TIER 2 CAPITAL IN THE AMOUNT OF EUR 300M
* ISSUED NEW SUPPLEMENTARY TIER 2 CAPITAL IN AMOUNT OF EUR 300M AT AN INTEREST RATE OF EUR MID SWAP + 1.9%
* HAS ISSUED NEW SUPPLEMENTARY TIER 2 CAPITAL (12 NON-CALL 7) IN AMOUNT OF EUR 300M AT AN INTEREST RATE OF EUR MID SWAP + 1.9%, CORRESPONDING TO 3-MONTH CIBOR + 1.8% Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
In this week's Q+A Business Podcast Corin Dann talks to Craigs Investment Partners Head of Private Wealth Research Mark Lister about the state of the share market and why so many Kiwi investors still prefer to invest in property over shares.
Migrant caravan demonstrators climb the US-Mexico border fence during a rally, on April 29, 2018, in San Ysidro, California. SANDY HUFFAKER/Getty Images
A 33-year-old transgender woman from Honduras who was part of what became known as the “refugee caravan” that arrived at the border a few weeks ago died while she was detained by immigration authorities. Immigration and Customs Enforcement identified the woman as Jeffry Hernandez but the Transgender Law Center and other activists identified her as Roxana Hernández.
ICE said Hernández was being held in the transgender unit at the Cibola County Detention Center in Milan, New Mexico when she began suffering “symptoms of pneumonia, dehydration and complications associated with HIV.” She was admitted to the hospital on May 17, when she was placed in the intensive care unit until she died on May 25.
Hernández had sought asylum on May 9 and was first held in what are known as “iceboxes” because of how cold they are, according to Pueblo Sin Fronteras, which organized the caravan. A 2015 report by the American Immigration Council said the “iceboxes” are “inadequate for overnight detention” and official policy states detainees shouldn't be held there for more than three days. “In addition to the fact that there are no beds in the holding cells, these facilities are extremely cold, frequently overcrowded, and routinely lacking in adequate food, water, and medical care,” notes the report. Pueblo Sin Fronteras said Hernández didn't get adequate food or medical care. “Roxy died due to medical negligence by US immigration authorities. In other words, she was murdered,” the group said in a statement.
A transgender woman who was part of the migrant caravan has died in custody from what appeared to be cardiac arrest https://t.co/9jKp0RC9Kr — BuzzFeed News (@BuzzFeedNews) May 30, 2018
An immigrants rights activist cites a friend of Hernández who claims officers “yelled at her for being sick” and “didn't give her access” to a doctor. “Paired with the abuse we know transgender people regularly suffer in ICE detention, the death of Ms. Hernández sends the message that transgender people are disposable and do not deserve dignity, safety, or even life,” said Isa Noyola, Deputy Director at Transgender Law Center.
"When she ate she would vomit and had diarrhea from the food. The ICE officials yelled at her for being sick. She asked to the see the doctor but they didn't give her access." - Stacy, trans woman, on her friend Roxana who died in ICE custody.@TransLawCenter @PuebloSF @aflores pic.twitter.com/VELFLaK9DH — Alex Mensing (@alex_mensing) May 30, 2018
BuzzFeed News interviewed Hernández last month and she said part of the reason why she decided to flee Honduras was to escape the violence she faced for being transgender.
Hernández said she was gang-raped by a group of MS-13 gang members about four months before she joined the caravan. “Four of them raped me and as a result I got HIV,” Hernández said. “Trans people in my neighborhood are killed and chopped into pieces, then dumped inside potato bags.”
Video footage of the GMB host terminating the interview after the Defence Secretary dodged a question four times later went viral.
Richard Madeley has defended his decision to cut off Gavin Williamson part-way through a live interview, saying it was “probably the most popular thing I have ever done on television”.
The ITV Good Morning Britain guest presenter said he was “not sorry” he terminated Tuesday's interview after the Defence Secretary dodged a question four times.
Video of the exchange, in which Mr Madeley asked the minister whether he regretted telling Russia to “go away and shut up” after Moscow denied responsibility for the Salisbury poison attack, subsequently went viral.
Richard Madeley cuts off Gavin Williamson in awkward on air encounter as minister spectacularly fails to answer a question. https://t.co/kTL38MAtUy — Henry Pryor (@HenryPryor) May 29, 2018
The former This Morning Host told BBC Radio 4's PM that Mr Williamson had been embarrassed about the Salisbury comment because it made him “sound like a pre-adolescent school child”.
Mr Madeley added: “He didn't want to answer that question because it was embarrassing for him on a personal level, well tough.
“I realised he was never going to answer the question. That was insulting not to the programme or to me, I couldn't give a damn, but it was very insulting to the viewers.
“So I excommunicated him and I'm not sorry I did it.”
Mr Williamson was speaking from West Midlands Safari Park in Worcestershire, where he was meeting military personnel preparing to go to Malawi to train park rangers to protect elephants and rhinos from poachers.
The Defence Secretary had responded to the GMB host's question by paying tribute to health workers who treated Sergei and Yulia Skripal and highlighting the support offered to the UK by the international community.
But Madeley, who described Mr Williamson's earlier comment as “Trump-esque”, repeatedly interrupted him to demand an answer, before finally pulling the plug, saying: “All right, interview terminated because you won't answer the question.
“It would be helpful if you answered a straight question with a straight answer.”
Mr Madeley told PM on Wednesday the feedback he had received about the interview had been 95% positive.
He added: “In fact I'd say it's probably the most popular thing I have ever done on television.
“It was a snap decision, we didn't go into that interview with any concept, I don't think any broadcaster or interviewer has ever actually kicked a serving Cabinet minister off air.
“I don't think it has happened before and it certainly wasn't my gameplan.”
© Press Association 2018
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Thinktank and National Trust properties across the Midlands are opening their doors for free this week.
These fabulous attractions have been supported by money from the Heritage Lottery Fund and to say thank you, the National Trust is inviting National Lottery players to visit certain attractions without the entrance fee on selected days.
Baddesley Clinton, Packwood House and even Thinktank are included in the offer.
All you need to do is take along a National Lottery ticket or scratch card on the relevant day.
See the Heritage Lottery Fund map here for all participating places - and be sure to check with the attraction before setting off in case it's closed due to the weather.
A National Trust spokesman said on its website: “During the last two years we've received over £6.5 million, thanks to National Lottery players, through grants from the Heritage Lottery Fund.
(Image: Graham Young)
“Without money like this, we wouldn't be able to undertake some of our most ambitious work and look after special places for ever, for everyone.
“Whether you want to explore National Trust places for the first time or you're a member and want to bring along a friend for free, you can take advantage of the offer.”
The special promotion takes place on Wednesday December 13.
Here's how it works:
One National Lottery ticket provides free entry for one adult and children between the ages of five and 16 get in free with a lottery ticket-bearing adult. Under fives go free.
Tickets or proof of purchase can be paper or digital and the draw / purchase date on the ticket is not relevant. You simply show your ticket at reception to gain free entry.
All National Lottery games qualify for free entry, including tickets from any National Lottery draw-based game or National Lottery scratch card.
Birmingham Mail Christmas campaign with the NSPCC One in four children who call Childline can't get through due to demand on the service. That's why we've launched a campaign to try to help Childline be there for every young person who desperately needs support. A £4 text donation can help a counsellor answer a child's call. And it may save their lives. Please spare a thought for children in need in Birmingham as you enjoy the run up to Christmas. Donate £4 by texting ‘NSPCC 4' to 70030 or visiting nspcc.org.uk/mail To donate £12, text ‘NSPCC 12' or to donate £20, text ‘NSPCC 20' to 70030. Text costs include your donation plus your standard network rate. The NSPCC will receive 100 per cent of your donation. Thank you
The deal is only valid on December 13 and it may change due to unforeseen circumstances, such as snow and bad weather so be sure to check the National Trust website / Facebook page for the attraction you wish to visit beforehand to avoid disappointment.
The National Trust has the right to refuse entry in the unlikely event of venue reaching capacity.
Regular parking charges apply.
Check the deal here
• There are lots of great things to do with kids in Birmingham. To keep updated, like our Brummie Mummies Facebook page. You can also sign up to our weekly Brummie Mummies email newsletter
Birmingham Mail Light Up Christmas for Children campaign with the NSPCC
Spare a thought for kids in need in Birmingham as you enjoy the run up to Christmas.
The Birmingham Mail has launched a campaign to try to help Childline be there for every young person who desperately needs support.
Donate £4 by texting ‘NSPCC 4' to 70030 or visiting nspcc.org.uk/mail
To donate £12, text ‘NSPCC 12' or to donate £20, text ‘NSPCC 20' to 70030.
Text costs include your donation plus your standard network rate. The NSPCC will receive 100 per cent of your donation.
PHNOM PENH, Cambodia (AP) " Prosecutors at the trial in Cambodia of the surviving top leaders of the former Khmer Rouge regime have begun summing up their case, declaring that, despite the defendants' denials, the evidence clearly showed they knew of the suffering and deaths of their countrymen.
Khieu Samphan, the regime's 85-year-old former head of state, and 90-year-old Nuon Chea, right-hand man to the group's late leader, Pol Pot, are being tried on charges including genocide, rape and murder. An estimated 1.7 million Cambodians died during communist group's bloody reign in the late 1970s.
Co-prosecutor Chea Leang on Wednesday described Cambodia under the Khmer Rouge as a "slave state" in which everyone had to work endless hours on massive infrastructure projects or in rice fields, with any attempt at escape punishable by death.
The Peach Bowl pits UW against Alabama in a high-stakes playoff. The athletes will be enemies on the field, but many of them are friends off.
Kapil Sharma and his show are being targeted by the media ever since Kapil's fight with Sunil Grover. Even though Kapil had clarified the rumours surrounding him, it looks like the people are not done with it.
Recently, there were reports that Kapil made Daddy actor Arjun Rampal and his co-actor Aishwarya Rajesh wait on the sets. It was even said that he sent them back saying he was not feeling well and will not be able to shoot for the show!
But, Arjun Rampal clarified all the rumours with his tweet! He wrote, "GM,woke up smiling. Actually laughing guess it's the hangover from @KapilSharmaK9 and the fun we had shooting #kapilsharmashow #Daddy."
It is known to all that TKSS has been renewed and Kapil Sharma's film Firangi shooting has also been completed! Now, Kapil's complete focus is on TKSS and with his latest tweets, it looks like the actor is leaving no stones unturned to bring his show back to the top slot.
It has to be recalled that the show had suffered as a few shootings were cancelled due to Kapil's health. So, the cast has pulled up their socks now. The team had an early morning shoot today.
Kapil wrote, "@kikusharda Kiku bhai uth b gye ? Ok.. main aata hu fatafat so k .. uff .. back to back n rock to rock shoot ;)." Kiku replied, "😂😂😂aa jao ,,,,, shoot kya , hamein toh bas masti karni hai. Enjoy 😬."
The team is all set to rock! Well, let's wait for the TRP charts.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Click to play Tap to play
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Coronation Street viewers have said they are worried for David Platt as he continues his downward spiral following his assault.
David (Jack P Shepherd) has been struggling to cope since he was raped by Josh Tucker (Ryan Clayton).
He was recently seen brutally beating up Gary Windass in a charity boxing match, knocking him out and causing a bleed on the brain.
And in Monday night's episodes of the ITV soap he kisses Maria Connor and then seduces young Emma Brooker.
(Image: Coronation Street/ITV)
"WHAT THE HELL IS DAVID PLAYING AT?!!!" posted one person on Twitter.
"Oh nooooooooooo David @JackPShepherd88 what are you doing,"asked another viewer.
Another tweeted: "Poor David. He's really hurting in #Corrie and Emma seems a sweet girl as well. I can't look at Josh without shouting 'scum' at the TV."
(Image: ITV/Coronation Street)
One said: "Oh, David, he's gone completely bananas.... #Corrie and Emma will get hurt."
Many viewers said David needs to talk about his ordeal.
"David, please please please please talk to someone," urged one viewer.
Another pointed out: "This isn't the answer."
Coronation Street continues on ITV.
FILE PHOTO: Senator John McCain (R-AZ) speaks with reporters at the U.S. Capitol in Washington, U.S., April 7, 2017. REUTERS/Aaron P. Bernstein
PODGORICA Montenegro's accession to NATO is vital for regional stability and the joint effort of the Western allies to resist a resurgent Russia, U.S. Senator John McCain said on Wednesday.
The visit of McCain, the Republican chairman of the influential Senate Armed Services Committee, to Montenegro comes a day after U.S. President Donald Trump signed the U.S. ratification for the tiny Adriatic republic's accession to NATO, which Russia opposed.
"There is also evidence that Russians are trying to undermine the democratic process in other parts of the world," McCain told reporters.
"I believe the Russian behaviour requires our solidarity and our strength, in order to preserve principles and fundamentals of democracy," McCain said.
Montenegro has population of 650,000 and a military of only 2,000, but it is strategically positioned along the Adriatic coast and surrounded by NATO members or hopefuls, except Serbia which maintains a military neutrality.
The U.S. Senate backed Montenegro's bid to join the alliance Last month.
"The behaviour on the part of the Russians throughout the region and the world is not acceptable in these times," McCain told a news conference after meeting Montenegrin Defence Minister Petar Boskovic.
McCain's remarks also coincided with the visit of the U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson to Russia as relations between the two superpowers soured over the course of the war in Syria.
Backers of Montenegrin accession to NATO say it is important to support new members to promote Western values and push back against Moscow.
Montenegrin officials said Russia was behind an alleged plot last October aimed at halting the integration of the former Yugoslav republic into NATO and bringing the opposition to power. Moscow dismissed the allegations.
All 28 NATO members must ratify Montenegro's accession in order for the country to join the alliance. Washington was among the last to do so.
(Reporting by Aleksandar Vasovic; Editing by Toby Chopra)
Ireland captain Rory Best was asked after tonight's game in Paris if he had sought any permission from the IRFU to attend the trial of Paddy Jackson and Stuart Olding last Wednesday.
“We sign out on a Tuesday night and Wednesday is our day off so technically we don't need permission to do stuff in our own time,” said Best.
“The reason I was there, it's on the record I was called as a character witness, and I was advised that it is important that I got both sides of the story so I could make an informed decision about that.
“Because it is an ongoing legal matter I will not make any further comment.”
Ireland and Ulster rugby captain Rory Best (right) and club and international team-mate Iain Henderson arrive at Laganside Magistrates' Court in Belfast on Wednesday, where their team-mates Paddy Jackson and Stuart Olding are on trial for the alleged rape of a woman. Photograph: PACEMAKER
Mr Jackson (26), of Oakleigh Park, Belfast is charged with one count of rape and one count of sexual assault and Mr Olding (24), of Ardenlee Street, Belfast, is charged with one count of rape.
Blane McIlroy (26), of Royal Lodge Road, Ballydollaghan, Belfast, is accused of one count of exposure.
Rory Harrison (25), from Manse Road, Belfast, is charged with perverting the course of justice and withholding information.
They all deny the charges.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Birmingham City are close to securing their Championship status for next season.
With two games to go they are probably one positive result from sealing the deal - and then the planning can start proper.
Garry Monk will take the team forward looking to challenge at the right end of the division.
It remains to be seen how much financial power he has after last summer's splurge, so an effective free transfer wouldn't go amiss.
League One is a very different prospect - and the cloth cutting that would go with it would probably make most of these names redundant.
However, could one of these players come and do a job for Blues going forward?
Arsenal
Santi Cazorla, Jack Wilshere
AFC Bournemouth
Artur Boruc, Rhoys Wiggins
Brighton & Hove Albion
Niki Maenpaa, Uwe Hunemeier, Steve Sidwell, Liam Rosenior, Tim Krul
Burnley
Dean Marney, Stephen Ward, Scott Arfield
Chelsea
Willy Caballero, Eduardo, Matej Delac
Crystal Palace
Wayne Hennessey, Julian Speroni, Diego Cavalieri, Yohan Cabaye, Damien Delaney, James McArthur, Bakary Sako, Martin Kelly, Chung-Yong Lee, Joel Ward, Erdal Rakip
Everton
Joel Robles
PODCAST
Huddersfield
Robert Green
Dean Whitehead
Leicester City
Ben Hamer, Robert Huth, Aleksandar Dragovic
Liverpool
Emre Can
Manchester City
Yaya Toure
Manchester United
Marouane Fellaini, Luke Shaw
Newcastle United
Jesús Gámez, Massadio Haidara
Southampton
Stuart Taylor, Jeremy Pied
Stoke City
Glen Johnson, Charlie Adam, Stephen Ireland, Jese, Jakob Haugaard, Konstantinos Stafylidis
Swansea City
Leon Britton, Angel Rangel, Sung-Yeung Ki, Kenji Gorre
Tottenham Hotspur
Michel Vorm
Watford
Orestis Karnezi, Miguel Britos, Molla Wague, Andre Carrillo
West Bromwich Albion
Boaz Myhill, James Morrison, Gareth McAuley, Claudio Yacob
Teens across the United States are using Juuls, small and discreet e-cigarette devices that are high in nicotine and extremely easy to disguise.
left my juul going to @Excision and this is why my best friend is my mfukin best friend ???? @hanahmaree pic.twitter.com/FQ5rFn9Qu6 — maddie??? (@maddiedaniellee) March 17, 2018
As the vaping rises across the country, teens are beginning to have access to discreet e-cigarettes. As you may have imagined, this reality is probably driving parents and educators mad as they are often left in the dark about their children's smoking habits.
The trend is known as “Juuling,” and it's associated with the device's name, Juul. The e-cigarette is so small and discreet that it looks more like a flash drive than a vape pen. As such, a teen can recharge it by connecting it to their computer, and observers would never know they are actually plugging in an e-cigarette.
The number of teens participating in Juuling has grown so much that the University of Illinois' independent newspaper calls it an epidemic that has swept across campus.
While e-cigarettes are designed to be relatively safer than common cigarettes, these devices also contain nicotine, which is highly addictive and harmful to brain development.
Juul Labs claimed on its website that underage smokers should not smoke their product, pointing out that it is illegal for stores to sell Juul e-cigarettes to minors. Despite the warning, the fact is that these devices are making their way into the hands of teens. And while other e-cigarettes only contain 0.03 percent to 1.8 percent nicotine, Juuls contain 5 percent nicotine by weight, making its use by teens much more concerning.
According to Dr. Donna Shelley, director of NYU Langone Medical Center's Tobacco Cessation Program, teens smoking nicotine is dangerous. Still, she added, vaping is safer than combustible tobacco. Still, not by much.
“Like methadone is a form of harm reduction for heroine, you're still getting your nicotine, but getting it safely,” she explained.
But to the teenage brain, the risks are still too great, she said.
“The effect on the brain is concerning because we don't want them developing an addiction, and then there's some neuropsychiatric concern that they would be more likely to use other drugs and develop some mental health issues,” she said.
Student Danielle Foster, a 15-year-old from Milwaukee, Wisconsin, told reporters she often sees other students “Juuling” in the bathroom at school.
“I see a lot of people using them, and teachers don't know how to look for them,” Foster said. “[Users] think it's better than smoking weed or cigarettes.”
When you bout to hit the juul and the bathroom door open ???? pic.twitter.com/gbMhHK1QeT — Vinny Patterson (@vinny_patterson) March 19, 2018
As schools — and parents — begin to learn more about the risks associated with nicotine use among teens and how “Juuling” has been helping to make the substance popular among minors, we're sure that more people are going to come up with policies and solutions to keep an eye on misbehaving teens.
Still, we trust that the best way to make sure that students are not harming themselves is if parents and educators are talking to them about how important it is for them to stay healthy while they are still developing.
One of these days, Connor McDavid is bound to snap.
It has to happen, doesn't it?
When he plays like this — dancing, singing, playing an instrmment, conducting the orchestra — and then not a single note registers on the night. Not a goal. Not an assist. Not a sound.
Nothing for hockey's single most entertaining player.
This wasn't just another of 82 NHL stops for McDavid in his third season. He doesn't view it that way. This is home. This matters. This is where his people are. This is where his family and his old coaches and hockey friends come to see what they can get only on television. This is where he turns it up, just a notch — his level starts above the rest of the pack. This day, this night, this trip to the place he used to sit with his dad and watch games, means everything to him.
And that's how he played it Sunday night in a circle-the-calendar night on the Oilers schedule. He played it like no one else can play it. With Bobby Orr in the building watching Wayne Gretzky and Paul Coffey, too.
There have been all kinds of special players in hockey history. But Orr, McDavid's agent, Gretzky, his Edmonton mentor, and Coffey, whom he has come to know, were the kind of players you couldn't take your eyes off. You followed them the way we normally follow the puck. And McDavid is the No. 1 attraction in hockey, carrying the puck from behind his own net the way Orr once did, and using a speed only Coffey can understand and then finding those open around him, the way only Gretzky could.
That was a McDavid Sunday night — maybe as great as he's ever been, even some Edmonton front office people were saying that — and both he and his snakebit Oilers had nothing to show for it. They were somehow shut out by the outplayed Leafs, shut out by the backup goaltender, Curtis McElhinney, who did the Dominik Hasek thing for one night of his career.
McDavid did just about everything. He created offence. He set up players. He used his speed to make the Leafs look helpless. He hit goal posts. He hit cross bars. He hit men open in the slot. He had a five-point kind of night with no points on the scorecard and how long can you do this and not be ready to explode?
Especially from a night in which he was on the hook for so many local tickets and he quietly complained — as many of us have — about the cost of buying Leaf tickets. This was McDavid's most expensive night of the season and he left nothing for chance, except an inability all around him to find a way to finish.,
“You want it to go on 5-10 minutes longer,” McDavid said afterwards, clearly shaken by the 1-0 defeat at the Air Canada Centre. “We didn't have any luck tonight.”
Before that he said: “For a 1-0 hockey game, this was pretty entertaining.”
[protected-iframe id="4d914a0352df14ff6d9a5410ccb31d3c-126506751-127512401" info="https://www.nhl.com/oilers/video/embed/post-game-raw--connor-mcdavid/t-277437406/c-55611603?autostart=false" width="540" height="360"]
Of that, he was correct. For the Oilers, it was entertaining and heartbreaking. This was the best night of this Air Canada Centre season as pure entertainment, the game most fun to watch, the most surprising, the most entertaining. You watch this kind of game and you want to scream at the National Hockey League for its geography. Toronto and Edmonton play once a year here, once a year in Edmonton, and that's it.
And even on a night when Auston Matthews was missing and the matchup was missing and the father and son who walked in wearing the jersey of one young star and the jersey of the other, you wished there was hockey like this every night.
The NHL doesn't need bigger nets or more scoring or even smaller goaltending equipment to be great. It needs more Edmonton and Toronto games.
“Two pretty exciting teams when they're going,” said Todd McLellan, the Oilers coach. It may happen one day in a Stanley Cup final. And if that doesn't happen, we'll all feel a little cheated along the way.
Gretzky never played Mario Lemieux in a playoff series. Sidney Crosby has yet to face Jonathan Toews. Matthews and McDavid: That would be hockey heaven, no matter what the result.
“You don't get anything for being close,” said McDavid, knowing how far down the Oilers are in the standings, knowing that every loss comes with the notion they are one game further away from qualifying for the playoffs. “We were the better team.”
An NHL without McDavid in the playoffs is a poorer league than it was last April. But there are four months yet to figure this all out.
“This is nothing more than an Oilers-Leafs matchup,” he said before the game, even realizing those words didn't necessarily ring true. It was more everything than just another game.
McDavid played it that way. He didn't just put on a show Sunday night, he was the show.
ssimmons@postmedia.com
twitter.com/simmonssteve
Move over David Attenborough - US rapper Snoop Dogg is now the new voice of nature documentaries.
The US rapper and producer has teamed up with US talk show host Jimmy Kimmel to produce a comedic take on the BBC's Planet Earth.
Titled Plizzanet Earth the segment features Snoop Dogg, who voices over various clips from the famous nature show.
In the latest comic sketch the rapper voiced-over one of the most watched episodes from Planet Earth – Iguana vs Snakes.
The terrifying clip shows an iguana as it's chased by a den of snakes.
"There are snakes coming from all angles," Snoop Dogg can be heard yelling in the clip.
"What the hell is going on?
"Snakes are straight assh***s as you can tell."
South Africa skipper Faf du Plessis on Friday was ruled out of the ongoing ODI series and the upcoming Twenty20 Internationals against India owing to a finger injury, a massive blow to the home side which lost the first one-dayer in Durban.
Queensland Premier Annastacia Palaszczuk (right) and Innovation, Tourism and Commonwealth Games Minister Kate Jones walk away in front of Labor caucus.
Queensland Premier Annastacia Palaszczuk (right) and Innovation, Tourism and Commonwealth Games Minister Kate Jones walk away in front of Labor caucus. DAN PELED
Geoff has been working for the QT since August 2011 covering Ipswich's rural areas. He started working for APN in January 2010 with the Chinchilla News in western Queensland after growing up on a grain farm. Geoff spends his time out of work watching far too much sport following the Reds, the Broncos and various American teams.
QUEENSLAND'S agriculture minister will not be based in regional Queensland in a new-look cabinet.
Premier Annastacia Palaszczuk took to Twitter on Monday afternoon to individually announce the ministers in her re-elected government.
Ferny Grove MP Mark Furner will be the new agriculture and fisheries minister. Retired Rockhampton MP Bill Byrne and former Bundaberg MP Leanne Donaldson were agriculture ministers in the government's previous term.
Mr Furner is a former senator, representing Queensland between 2007-2014. He served as Local Government Minister in the government's previous term.
Former Environment Minister Steven Miles has been moved to the health portfolio, and former Employment Minister Grace Grace to education under the reshuffle.
Some ministers will remain in their existing portfolios with Mark Ryan to stay on as Police Minister, Anthony Lynham to remain Mines Minister and Mark Bailey to continue as Transport Minister.
The announcements came after Ms Palaszczuk announced Curtis Pitt would be nominated for Speaker with Deputy Premier Jackie Trad taking over from Mr Pitt as Treasurer.
On Sunday, former Health Minister Cameron Dick was announced as State Development Minister and former Education Minister Kate Jones was announced as Innovation Minister.
Barron River MP Craig Crawford and Bulimba MP Di Farmer were added to an expanded 18-person cabinet.
On Monday morning Ms Palaszczuk addressed her new parliamentary team with Ms Trad, Mr Dick and Ms Jones sitting next to her.
"A few years ago we were a team of seven,” she said.
"We had a few by-elections, then it went to minority government and now we are majority government.
"I need everybody working as hard as possible over these three years.
"We made a commitment to the people of this state that we would focus on jobs, health and education.
"We made a commitment that we would work as hard as we possibly can so that people across this state can get access to employment.”
The number of assistant ministers has increased to five with Ipswich MP Jennifer Howard and Gladstone MP Glenn Butcher joined by Mackay MP Julieanne Gilbert, Keppel MP Brittany Lauga, and new Gold Coast MP Meaghan Scanlon. - NewsRegional
SHANGHAI (Reuters) - With its smog-prone north desperate to slash coal consumption, China is looking to deploy nuclear power to provide reliable winter heating, raising public safety concerns - though developers say the risks are minimal.
State-owned China National Nuclear Corp (CNNC) recently conducted a successful 168-hour trial run in Beijing for a small, dedicated “district heating reactor” (DHR) it has named the “Yanlong”.
With the north facing natural gas shortages as cities switch away from coal, CNNC presented the “DHR-400” as an alternative heat supplier for the region, with each 400-megawatt unit capable of warming 200,000 urban households.
The model - which consists of a reactor core immersed in a water-filled tank around the same volume as an Olympic swimming pool - will require 1.5 billion yuan ($226.7 million) in investment and take just three years to build, a crucial advantage in a sector plagued by construction delays.
As a small and relatively simple “swimming pool” design, the low-pressure reactor is expected to be safer than conventional models, with temperatures not exceeding 100 degrees Celsius, and it could be plugged directly into existing heating networks.
The technology is ready, said Gu Shenjie, deputy chief engineer with the Shanghai Nuclear Engineering Research and Design Institute (SNERDI), part of the State Power Investment Corp (SPIC).
“They (CNNC) have supplied heat to their institute and office buildings and have successfully done that for three years,” Gu told Reuters on the sidelines of the INNCH New Nuclear Build Conference in Shanghai, adding that commercialization was the next stage.
“I think it's workable. The parameters are very low and it's easy to maintain operations,” he added.
While the use of conventional nuclear plants to provide heating is common in Russia and Eastern Europe, China aims to be the first country to build reactors dedicated to the task of warming its cities.
China is pumping billions of yuan into advanced nuclear technology that will not only boost domestic capacity but also strengthen its global presence. It aims to develop a portfolio of reactors capable of powering cities, remote islands, ships, cars and even aeroplanes.
PUBLIC ACCEPTANCE
With northern China still relying on “centralised” heating systems, a DHR in every city could be an ideal solution, said Cheng Huiping, a CNNC technical committee member.
The firm said the technology would use only 2 percent of the radioactive sources used in a conventional 1-gigawatt nuclear power plant, but winning public acceptance remains a hurdle.
“We will have to face 500-600 million ordinary people in northern China and tell them that swimming pool reactors are absolutely safe,” Cheng told a conference earlier this year.
The government is keen on the technology, but cautious about deploying it too quickly, especially amid widespread public anxiety about the risks of nuclear power.
Late last month, Liu Hua, director of China's National Nuclear Safety Administration, acknowledged the DHR was of “great significance” and could help resolve northern China's energy and environmental problems. But he also urged CNNC to do its utmost to prove safety and reliability.
Cost will also be a major factor.
CNNC said that, at an estimated 30-40 yuan per gigajoule, it could end up cheaper than gas, but a nuclear industry consultant told Reuters the economics of the DHR was difficult to predict.
The approval process also remains a long one, said Gu at the SNERDI, with each project expected to undergo a battery of environmental impact and conceptual design assessments.
“I don't think it can be done within five years,” he said.
($1 = 6.6173 yuan)
Institute gaffer Kevin Deery was fuming that another rash decision by Ryan Morrow resulted in him receiving his second dismissal of the season.
The feisty right-back was fortunate to be still on the pitch after the break, as a poor lunging tackle in the first half only resulted in a yellow card.
“I'll tell you why it's disappointing because I spoke to the two players who were booked at half-time and I said to them to not make any silly tackles and it was absolutely needless from young Ryan Morrow,” said Deery.
“He has been cracking for us this season, he's a cracking wee player but there was absolutely no need for the challenge and he'll probably miss one of our most important games at Ballyclare Comrades in the Irish Cup this week.
“I'm questioning myself what is going on in his mind because it's a needless tackle and we'll have to plan without him.”
Only a few weeks ago he made another rash tackle which resulted in Annagh United scoring from a direct free-kick to earn a point for the bottom side and Deery is hoping the penny will finally drop with the ex-Trojans man.
“He absolutely needs to learn,” added the Stute boss.
“He's very keen and he's very hungry to do a good job against the man he comes up against and you can't take that out of him, but he needs to do it in the right areas.
“His tackle for his red card was actually lucky it didn't cost us another goal, because it was in a dangerous area.
“But we'll have a chat with him again and hopefully he learns from this.”
I haven't heard of the particular allegations but I will tell you, he is one of the finest people I have met. … I told Admiral Jackson just a little while ago, I said, “What do you need this for?” This is a vicious group of people that malign, and they do, and I lived through it, we all lived through it, you people are getting record ratings because of it, so congratulations. But I said, “What do you need it for?” He's a great leader, admiral, and they question him about every little thing. … This person, Admiral Jackson, Dr. Jackson, he's a wonderful man, I said to him, “What do you need it for?” And as far as experience is concerned, the Veterans Administration, which is approximately 13 million people, is so big, you could run the biggest hospital system in the world and it's small-time compared to the Veterans Administration. So nobody has the experience. What he is is a leader and a good man. But I told him, I said, “You know what, doc? You're too fine a person.” His son is a top student at Annapolis. He's a high-quality person. I said, “What do you need it for?” So, it's totally his decision, but he'll be making a decision. … I said to Dr. Jackson, “What do you need it for?” So, we'll see what happens. I don't want to put a man through, who's not a political person, I don't want to put a man through a process like this, it's too ugly and too disgusting. So, we'll see what happens. He'll make a decision. … I would definitely stand behind him. He's a fine man. I'll always stand behind him. I'd let it be his choice. But here's a man who has just been an extraordinary person. His family, extraordinary success, great doctor, great everything, and he has to listen the abuse? I wouldn't. If I were him? actually, in many ways I'd love to be him. But the fact is, I wouldn't do it. I wouldn't do it. What does he need it for? To be abused by a bunch of politicians that aren't thinking nicely about our country? I really don't think personally he should do it but it's totally his, I would stand behind him, totally his decision.
WASHINGTON Three U.S. Republican House lawmakers threw their support behind their party's healthcare overhaul plan on Wednesday after crafting changes to provide $8 billion over five years to shore up coverage for people with pre-existing conditions.
Representatives Fred Upton and Billy Long, who had rejected an earlier bill to roll back the 2010 Affordable Care Act, told reporters after a meeting with Trump at the White House that they could now vote for the plan with their proposed changes.
Upton said the revised bill could come up for a vote on Thursday, although both he and Long said they did not know whether there were enough votes to pass it. Representative Michael Burgess also said he could back the legislation.
(Reporting by Susan Heavey and David Alexander; Editing by Tim Ahmann)
Soccer-Di Francesco promises to bring attacking philosophy to Roma
ROME, June 14 Eusebio Di Francesco promised to bring his attacking philosophy to AS Roma as he was officially presented as their new coach on Wednesday.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
It hasn't been a good year for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
The agency has struggled to keep its funding as President Donald Trump recommended slashing public health spending and as Congress shuffles money around in various budget bills.
It had the “seven banned words” scandal, in which department heads were reportedly asked not to use certain words that might trigger conservative members of Congress who control budget money.
And now the agency's director, Dr. Brenda Fitzgerald, has stepped down after news reports — first published in Politico — disclosed she had bought stocks in tobacco companies.
“It ain't good,” said Dr. Georges Benjamin, executive director of the American Public Health Association.
“Is this really going to undermine the ability of the agency to do its work?” asked Jennifer Nuzzo, senior scholar at the Johns Hopkins Center for Health Security.
Related: CDC denies word ban
The CDC is a high-profile and trusted government agency, fighting epidemics in the U.S. and overseas and warning about outbreaks from AIDS to Ebola and Zika. It keeps track of who smokes, who dies of heart disease and whether people exercise enough.
“This agency for a long time has been apolitical, not a center of controversy. It's been trusted,” Nuzzo said.
The only upside, public health experts agree, is that Dr. Anne Schuchat, a seasoned infectious disease specialist and leader, is back at the helm at the height of a nasty annual flu epidemic.
“Dr. Schuchat is entirely competent and the model for what the next CDC director should be — competent while being grounded in science,” Benjamin said.
Anne Schuchat, then director of the National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases at CDC, testifies to Congress in 2015 JIM BOURG / Reuters
Schuchat headed CDC as interim director a year ago, after her former boss, Dr. Tom Frieden, stepped down when Trump took office.
As a career public servant, Schuchat is unlikely to be made permanent director, a job usually appointed by the president.
“She's well thought of and effective,” said Nuzzo.
But a political appointee will have more clout to negotiate with Congress for more funding.
Last year, Trump recommended cutting the CDC's annual budget by more than $1.2 billion. Congress has had its sights on a billion-dollar prevention fund that CDC uses to prepare ahead of time for disease outbreaks.
However Schuchat is well-placed to lead the agency at the height of the annual flu epidemic which, by all measures, is severe this year. A rear admiral in the Commissioned Corps of the United States Public Health Service, she's an expert on pandemic flu and other respiratory diseases.
“Having someone with full technical skills in charge is reassuring,” Nuzzo said.
“Being in government service is very complicated. It does take a financial toll. You take a lesser salary." “Being in government service is very complicated. It does take a financial toll. You take a lesser salary."
Many of Fitzgerald's colleagues were confused by the news she had owned stocks that could present a conflict of interest. Most government workers — career or political appointees — make sure they don't have any holdings that might influence or cast doubt on their decisions.
“It takes a certain kind of cluelessness for a director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to purchase stock in a tobacco company a month after assuming the job as the nation's top public health official,” said Dr. Peter Lurie, president of the advocacy group Center for Science in the Public Interest.
But it's been a pattern in the Trump administration, Lurie said. The former Health and Human Services secretary, Tom Price, battled reports about his own shareholdings and finally stepped down after media reports revealed he had used public money to take private jets.
Related: Tom Price resigns as Health and Human Services Secretary
Fitzgerald, a former Georgia state health commissioner, had long known Price, a fellow physician who had been a member of Congress from Georgia for a dozen years.
Fitzgerald told The Wall Street Journal she did not know her investment manager had purchased the stocks in Japan Tobacco.
But she had already been questioned by Congress about other financial holdings and had kept a low profile at the CDC while she sorted out the problems.
Benjamin is sympathetic.
“I can understand what happened. The broker buys something, you find out and say, ‘Oh my God, get rid of it,'” he said.
But it goes with the territory.
“Being in government service is very complicated," Benjamin said. "It does take a financial toll. You take a lesser salary."
Live updates: State of emergency, three houses destroyed as Port Hills fire rages
Find the latest updates as soon as they come to hand in one place here, as 1 NEWS provides rolling updates of important information.
The first in-depth look at the Arundel Campaign looks at one of the forgotten episodes of the English Civil War.
Arundel at War 1642-1644 by Rosemary Hagedorn has been published by http://www.troubador.co.uk.
Rosemary is launching the book at Arundel Museum on May 5 at noon.
“The book is the result of some intensive research into the events of the winter of 1643-44. It is an astonishing story which has been almost forgotten. I have discovered new information which challenges the accepted accounts and unearthed a few more mysteries, such as where are the bodies?”
The book contains eye-witness reports, timelines, colour aerial photographs, specially-drawn maps and early engravings.
Rosemary said: “1642. War between King Charles I and parliament had become inevitable. Throughout 1642 and 1643, the king and parliament contended for ground in the west and south of England, and many towns in strategic locations were subjected to full-scale battle and siege. Arundel was one of these.
“Between autumn 1642 and January 1644, Arundel Castle changed hands four times. The book takes the reader back to that age, summarising the causes of the Civil War, looking at past and present Arundel and introducing the main characters of the Arundel Campaign, among them two former friends and now opposing generals: Sir Ralph Hopton, ardent royalist, and Sir William Waller, the committed parliamentarian. The most gripping part of the story is the final contest for possession of the castle and its subsequent defeat which has had considerable consequences, both locally and nationally.”
Rosemary promises a lively piece of historical detective work which takes the reader into the heart of the action, presenting an enthralling story of combat, courage and endurance.
“Thanks to the many visual aids provided such as colour photographs and early engravings, the reader is able to better visualise the action.”
Rosemary promises a fresh, well-researched account of an episode that is typically dismissed in a few paragraphs but which deserves better recognition.
The book is published at £13.99; distributed by Orca Book Services; 01235 465521; tradeorders@orcabookservices.co.uk.
For other stories by Phil, see https://www.chichester.co.uk/author/Phil.Hewitt2
https://www.chichester.co.uk/whats-on/music/west-sussex-date-for-kiki-dee-1-8471033
https://www.chichester.co.uk/whats-on/theatre-and-comedy/chichester-s-lear-with-ian-mckellen-to-get-cinema-screening-1-8471020
https://www.chichester.co.uk/whats-on/music/range-of-performers-at-bognor-regis-music-club-1-8471024
https://www.worthingherald.co.uk/whats-on/arts/steyning-festival-tickets-go-on-sale-1-8470993
https://www.worthingherald.co.uk/whats-on/music/wonderland-show-explores-hollywood-characters-1-8470983
https://www.chichester.co.uk/whats-on/arts/thriller-from-former-angmering-teacher-1-8470981
APRIL 24, 2018 — Fiscal Year 2017 was a record drug-busting year for the U.S. Coast Guard. Working with its interagency partners, it seized 455,000 pounds (227.5 tons) of cocaine with a wholesale value estimated at $6 billion.
That effort to combat illegal drug trafficking has not slowed in FY 2018. The Coast Guard reports that this morning, the crew of the 270 ft USCG Cutter Legare, based out of Portsmouth, VA, was set to offload about 12 tons of cocaine and 1 ton of marijuana in Port Everglades worth an estimated $390 million. The drugs were seized in international waters in the Eastern Pacific off the coasts of Mexico, Central, and South America by multiple U.S. Coast Guard cutters and Canadian Naval vessels during 17 separate suspected drug smuggling vessel interdictions.
“What these numbers represent is an increased commitment by U.S. and international partners to combat transnational criminal networks and promote stability in the Central American region, along the U.S. southern border, and in the southern maritime approaches to the U.S.,” said Cmdr. Jonathan Carter, commanding officer of Legare.
One of the Canadian Navy vessels working with the U.S. Coast Guard was the HMCS Whitehorse, which was responsible for seizing about 1,540 kilograms of cocaine during two drug interdictions. Photo inset at right shows a U.S. Coast Guard crew member removing a 1 kilogram package of cocaine for testing on the HMCS Whitehorse.
Numerous U.S. agencies from the Departments of Defense, Justice and Homeland Security are involved in the effort to combat transnational organized crime. The Coast Guard, Navy, Customs and Border Protection, FBI, Drug Enforcement Administration, and Immigration and Customs Enforcement along with allied and international partner agencies play a role in counter-drug operations.
Officials say they aren't sure whether the boat was used for drug smuggling or human trafficking
Another abandoned panga was discovered Monday north of Refugio State Beach, but officials say they aren't sure whether the boat was used for drug smuggling or human trafficking.
Just before 7 a.m. on Monday, an off-duty sheriff's deputy observed the panga on the shoreline at Tajiguas Beach, north of Refugio State Beach, according to Kelly Hoover, spokeswoman for the Santa Barbara County Sheriff's Office.
Patrol deputies, along with narcotics investigators, responded and located a single-engine, 25-foot boat on the beach.
Investigators found items of potential evidence inside and strewn about the surrounding beach, including numerous fuel containers, clothing and other miscellaneous trash type items, Hoover said, adding that “investigators were unable to immediately determine if this boat was used to smuggle drugs, or if it was used to facilitate human trafficking.”
Law enforcement say pangas — small open watercraft with one or more outboard motors — have become increasingly popular with smugglers transporting immigrants illegally, narcotics and other contraband to the United States from Mexico.
The boat found Monday is the third of its kind discovered off Refugio State Beach in recent months. In March, an abandoned Panga was found and 50 plastic-wrapped bales of marijuana, valued at $4 million, were discovered partially hidden in the bushes nearby.
Between 2012 and 2013, more than 20 pangas have landed on the Santa Barbara County coastline, Hoover said.
Representatives from California State Parks, Homeland Security Investigations (HSI), and the U.S. Coast Guard also responded Monday to the scene and investigators removed the boat and debris.
The Sheriff's Department is working with Homeland Security to investigate the increase of panga activity in the area, Hoover said, and the public is asked to contact law enforcement immediately to report suspicious boats in the ocean off Santa Barbara County or suspicious activity on Highway 101 where there is coastal access.
— Noozhawk staff writer Lara Cooper can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
A COMMITTEE at the House of Representatives that investigated the illegal entry of P6.4 billion worth of “shabu” (methamphetamine hydrochloride) has recommended the dismissal of Customs Commissioner Nicanor Faeldon for alleged “gross incompetence and corruption”.
“When he assumed office, he centralized all powers by creating a command center. He did not even ask permission from the Secretary of Finance. He did not issue a department order creating it. He is simply managing it by himself. These actions are signs of incompetence,” Rep. Robert Barbers, chairman of the committee on dangerous drugs, told a forum in Manila on Monday.
Barbers said the committee would present its report containing the recommendation to Duterte next week.
Asked if the committee would recommend a replacement to Faeldon, the congressman from the second district of Surigao del Norte, said he would consider including a possible replacement.
“Walang bilib kami dyan (We don't admire that man),” Barbers said of Faeldon.
Faeldon assumed the top post of the Bureau of Customs on June 30, 2016, replacing Alberto Lina. He was one of the early appointees under the Duterte administration. He was a former Marine officer who became controversial for his participation in 2003 Oakwood mutiny, along with then Navy First Lieutenant Antonio Trillanes 4th, which sought to oust former president Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo for allegedly allowing corruption in the military. Trillanes has since been elected to the Senate while Arroyo is now congresswoman of Pampanga.
Faeldon's competence was questioned after a P6.4 billion shabu shipment passed through a BOC “priority lane” without inspection. If not for a tip from China, the contraband could have been sold on the streets.
“It is a big embarrassment to President Duterte who ordered the raid of illegal drugs laboratories all over the country. This time, they are allowing the entry of illegal drugs through Customs,” Barbers said.
Barbers said his committee has finished its hearing and was now readying the final draft.
“The Committee on Ways and Means is still conducting a hearing. Maybe the Committee on Good Government and Public Accountability will also hold the hearing to investigate graft and corruption at the Customs bureau,” he said.
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
Last year I earned the dubious distinction of having flown 100,000 miles, a schedule of working travel that's familiar to many a photographer. Spending weeks at a time away from home as I do, I'm a big proponent of the idea of making a laptop computer your only computer, something I wrote about here in Digital Photo Pro
Apple's MacBook Pro has been my laptop of choice since the company first launched them, and I've owned every generation of them since. Every few model years, Apple makes a design change, adding the various connectivity options du jour. More often than not, Apple gains more attention for what they remove then they do for what they've added.
That's certainly the case with the MacBook Pro, which ditched a number of connections in favor of the new USB-C/Thunderbolt 3 connection. Sharing the same physical plug, USB-C and Thunderbolt 3 are both transmitted on the same cable (as is power for the laptop), and the throughput on Thunderbolt 3 is so high that it's been designed to connect computers to a variety of devices, either directly or via “dongles,” connectors that adapt USB-C to older standards like Ethernet, DVI, Thunderbolt 2/Thunderbolt, FireWire, and so on.
For the laptop user, that can mean an entire, cumbersome pile of cables and adapters just to connect to the various devices used in a creative workflow. When the MacBook Pro first shipped, I had to connect to four different dongles just to get working.
The MacBook Pro has only four Thunderbolt 3/USB-C ports, which sounds like a lot, but seems tragically too little once you consider that one needs to be used for power, one for a monitor and a chain of hard drives, one for a USB 3.x adapter, one for Ethernet, and so on.
For the desktop-bound laptop user, the solution to all your Thunderbolt 3 woes is a Thunderbolt 3 dock. Thunderbolt 3 docks take a single Thunderbolt 3 cable and use it to power the laptop and also act as an adapter to a number of different connections.
Thunderbolt 3 is so powerful that a single cable can carry power, video, networking, and peripheral support. A Thunderbolt 3 dock eliminates the cable-and-adapter dilemma and acts as a single source for most connectivity needs. In practice, it's like having the back of a desktop computer, sitting next to your laptop.
I've tried a number of these docks since the 2016 launch of the MacBook Pro and the best, by far is the OWC Thunderbolt 3/USB-C dock. The small, unobtrusive dock has 13 ports and massive functionality.
We Review The MacBook Pro
It can provide power to the laptop (which in turn can power devices via the other Thunderbolt 3 ports), allows for connection to up to two 4K displays (or one 5K display), can connect to (and power) six USB 3.1 Gen 1 devices. It also includes a FireWire 800 connector for legacy drives and camcorders, an Ethernet jack for communications and networking, and an SD card reader built-in. Audio users can connect headphones or microphones to the front jack, and a digital-audio connector on the back allows for pro audio mixing and recording.
There are very few drawbacks with the OWC Thunderbolt 3 hub. Because the hub is compact, there's little room on the back for plugging-and-unplugging cables, and any time I need to change something (which is not very often) I usually accidentally unplug the main Thunderbolt 3 cable running to my Mac, at which point the display loses sync, and I usually have to restart to get the communicating again. Considering I only move cables around because I'm a professional reviewer, and I have a lot of configuration changes to do, this isn't a big deal.
Unlike some of the other hubs I've tried, the OWC hub doesn't have an issue with dongle-based connections to Thunderbolt 3 drives. With some hubs, plugging a Thunderbolt 3 to Thunderbolt 2 adapter into the available USB-C ports on the dock simply doesn't work. With the OWC dock, there's no problem with this backwards compatibility.
At $300 this is a no-brainer for the photographer working on the road and then back in the office. It solves the “ugly wiring” issues of connecting things to the side of a laptop, and it reduces the hassle of getting ready for work.
For more information on the OWC Thunderbolt 3 dock, visit the OWC website.
THE Land Transportation Franchising and Regulatory Board (LTFRB) said on Monday it has suspended the accreditation and operations of ride-sharing company Uber for a month.
LTFRB said that it was also suspending Uber's online booking operations effective immediately.
.
Uber confirmed the suspension, saying in a statement it received an order around 6 p.m. “to completely stop operations.”
”We are studying the order at the moment. We will update our riders and drivers as soon as we can,” the transport networking company (TNC) said.
“In an order dated 14 August 2017, the board meted out the penalty of a one-month suspension on the accreditation of Uber System, Inc. and was ordered to cease and desist the operation of their online booking application during the period of suspension,” the LTFRB said.
“The board strongly recommended to respondent Uber to extend financial assistance to its affected peer-operators during the period of suspension as an expression of good faith as their accredited peer-operators would not have suffered the current predicament were it not for the predatory actions of respondent Uber,” it added.
The board also said the following agencies were given copies of the order for enforcement: Metro Manila Development Authority (MMDA), Philippine National Police – Highway Patrol Group (PNP-HPG), and the Land Transportation Office (LTO).
Uber and the other TNCs have been under fire for allegedly allowing their unregistered vehicles to travel and take on passengers.
The LTFRB and the TNCs have been trying to resolve the issue in consideration of the commuters who preferred the TNCs over the regular taxis. GLEE JALEA
DETROIT Tesla Inc (TSLA.O) needs to complete fixing its Model S sedan emergency braking system to regain Consumer Reports' top safety rating, the magazine said on Friday, noting that a recent update by the luxury electric carmaker was not enough.
The magazine, which provides an annual rating of vehicles sold in the United States, said on Wednesday the sedan had lost its top ranking in the ultra-luxury car category for failing to install the feature that it had promised to owners as standard equipment.
The Model S fell to third place in Consumer Reports' ratings behind the Lexus LS made by Toyota Motor Corp (7203.T) and the BMW 7 Series (BMWG.DE).
Consumer Reports said both Tesla models previously came with standard automatic emergency braking (AEB), a feature that helps reduce accidents. The software issue affects more recent vehicles built since late October 2016.
The magazine said Friday that the Model S sedan it owns had received an automatic emergency braking software update Thursday, but the new version only operates up to 28 miles per hour (45 km).
That is far less than the current 90 mile per hour limit for the prior Tesla AEB system included on vehicles built before late October.
The magazine cited a statement from Tesla that "over the next several weeks" the carmaker would increase the speed limit "until it is the most capable of any vehicle in the world."
The California automaker last week recalled 53,000 Model S and Model X vehicles to fix an unrelated parking brake issue.
Earlier this month, Tesla briefly edged out General Motors Co (GM.N) to become the most valuable U.S. carmaker.
(Reporting by Nick Carey; Editing by Richard Chang)
Switch things up and stand out from the crowd this party season.
When planning your yuletide party outfit (or outfits if you're a social butterfly flitting from soiree to soiree all month), do you automatically think ‘dress' – or do you steer well clear of frocks at all costs?
Whether you're a long-time dress-avoider or simply want to switch things up this year, you couldn't have picked a better time to shop outside the box. Why? Because the high street partywear collections are chock-full of stylish separates, gorgeous going-out tops and suits of the jump and tailored variety.
A smattering of sparkle or some holly-berry red will keep things at least a little bit festive – but architectural shapes, asymmetric cuts and sumptuous fabrics are the most fashion-forward way to do after-dark attire right now.
Stand out from the crowd this Christmas in one of these 10 amazing alternatives to the party dress…
1. AQ/AQ Heather Halter Neck Jumpsuit, £180
(AQAQ/PA)
2. River Island Black Sequin Wrap Bow Bandeau Crop Top, £45; Black Coated Molly Jeggings, £45
(River Island/PA)
3. Simply Be Sequin Palazzo Trousers, £60
(Simply Be/PA)
4. Dorothy Perkins Black Velvet Suit Jacket, £40, and Slim Suit Trousers, £25
(Dorothy Perkins/PA)
5. Phase Eight Florentine Jumpsuit, £85, John Lewis
(Phase Eight/PA)
6. Glamorous Black Sheer Gold Spot Bardot Top, £36
(Glamorous/PA)
7. JD Williams Black Silver Glitter Jumpsuit, £35; Sophie Barely There Shoes, £22; Sophie Silver Ring Detail Clutch Bag, £15
(JD Williams/PA)
8. George at Asda Sequin Blazer, £28
(George/PA)
9. V by Very Embellished Mesh Top, £30
(Very/PA)
10. Pretty Little Thing Red Tassel Sequin Long Sleeve Playsuit, £45
(Pretty Little Thing/PA)
© Press Association 2017
The alleged spat of Kavya Madhavan and Namitha Pramod has been the favourite topic of Mollywood gossipmongers, from the past few days. However, Namitha finally reacted to the rumours recently, thus putting an end to the speculations.
It was rumoured that Kavya had an ugly spat with the young actress during their recent USA trip for the Dileep Show 2017. It was rumoured that Kavya Madhavan was extremely irked with Namitha's closeness with her hubby, actor Dileep.
The rumour mills even suggested that Namitha Pramod was planning to quit the show and come back to India, due to her fallout with the senior actress. A funny remark made by Namitha in a TV show was misinterpreted as her accusastions against Kavya.
However, the young actress handled the nasty rumours in a matured way. Recently, Namitha Pramod had posted a picture with Kavya Madhavan, Meenakshi Dileep, and Rimi Tomy, which was clicked during the trip on her official Facebook page.
But, a few Facebook users posted the reports regarding the Kavya-Namitha spat on the comments, which offended the actress. Namitha immediately replied to the comment requested them to stop cooking up such baseless stories, and stated that Kavya is like family for her.
The actress also remarked that she is feeling pity for those who come up with such stories. However, Namitha Pramod has been widely appreciated by her fans and well-wishers, who are happy about her response towards the rumours.
The new faculty member says he hopes to instill a sense of amazement in his students
Michael Everest, who joins Westmont College as a professor of chemistry this fall, says he is passionate about offering students a high-quality, undergraduate, liberal arts education.
“It's in my DNA,” he said.
In fact, his parents, Dan and Sherry (Sonneveldt) Everest, both graduated with degrees in psychology from Westmont in 1967; Sherry earned a double major in education.
Everest, a Wheaton College alumnus, earned his doctorate from Stanford University and most recently was a professor of chemistry at George Fox University, where he taught for the past decade.
“College isn't about job training,” he said. “College is learning about the human condition and about the world and how it works. You can specialize and do job training later. The best preparation for a particular career isn't necessarily a degree titled with that career name.”
Everest's research leans toward the physics end of chemistry, focusing on the use of lasers in chemistry. He returned to Oregon from Heraklion, Greece, in June 2010, after a one-year sabbatical at the Foundation for Research and Technology-Hellas, where he researched the interaction of polarized light with matter.
“Chemistry is a way of knowing,” he said. “It's a field of inquiry. It's investigating a particular aspect of how the world works. The fact that it's commercially useful isn't the primary reason I'm interested in it.”
Everest, who is married with three children, hopes to instill that sense of amazement in his students.
“There's wonder and beauty in the way nature works and is put together,” he said.
He explains that there's a single principle that describes why every single chemical reaction goes forward instead of backward and why ice freezes at zero and water boils at 100 degrees Celsius.
“There's one foundational thing,” Everest said. “That just amazes me. It's beautiful that at the core there's a truth that has all these implications when at the surface it looks like crazy stuff and unconnected observations.”
Everest has earned numerous grants, fellowships and awards, including a grant from the America Chemical Society's Petroleum Research Fund and five faculty members research grants from George Fox. He has contributed scholarly articles to the Journal of Chemical Physics, the Journal of Chemical Education and the Review of Scientific Instruments, to name a few.
— Scott Craig is the media relations manager for Westmont College.
Sunday evening will be one of the biggest party nights of the year. If you're having even 1 drink, setup a ride. Here's all the ride options available to you on New Year's Eve.
There's never been more ride options available to the St. Cloud area than there is now, so why not take advantage of it? It's not all that expensive, and certainly much cheaper than the price of a DUI, or worse, killing somebody on the road.
If you haven't guessed, law enforcement will be everywhere on Sunday evening, and well into the early morning hours. Their #1 priority is the safety of us, and that will mean getting drunk drivers off area roads.
Here's a list of your ride options available throughout the evening and overnight hours on New Year's Eve/Day:
Yellow or Orange Cab - (320) 251-5050
They will be fully staffed, and you can save some money by grabbing a Value Connection certificate before Saturday. Click here to see the deal.
St. Cloud Taxi Service - (320) 281-4871
Elite Taxi Service - (320) 240-2999
Granite City Cab - (320) 203-9999
Red & White Cab - (320) 253-1234
Uber and Lyft are also in the St. Cloud area. Keep in mind these are phone app services. You'll want to have the app installed and setup an account before rushing last minute to try to use them.
If you plan on going out to one of our local area bars and clubs, check to see if they have a cab service setup for their customers. Many of them have a phone number posted near the entrance to call for a ride home.
GLENDALE, AZ - Arizona twins are going to have a unique story to tell for the rest of their lives after they were born in different years.
Holly and Brandon Shay weren't expecting their boys to arrive for another few weeks, however, they were shocked when Banner Hospital in Glendale admitted them on New Year's Eve.
After six exhausting hours of labor, their first son, Sawyer, was born at 11:51 p.m.
“I wanted to make sure he was OK, and they had to keep reminding me that I had to push," Holly said.
Just one minute after midnight on January 1, 2017, their second baby, Everett, was born.
The boys who previously shared nine months in the same space won't be sharing a birthday -- or even their birth year.
“I think Sawyer might give his brother a hard time,” Brandon said. “I think it's mostly going to be Sawyer teasing Everett over him being the eldest.”
WASHINGTON: President Donald Trump wants to retool the fabled H-1B visas for skilled workers sought by Silicon Valley heavyweights, a White House official said Monday.
There are, however, limits to the scope of his action in the absence of a broader legislative plan.
These time-limited work permits meant for scientists, engineers and computer programmers are an important gateway for many Indians attracted by Silicon Valley.
Trump on Tuesday will sign a decree while in Kenosha, Wisconsin, ordering the Labor, Justice and Homeland Security departments to propose reforms so that the H-1B program goes back to its roots.
Its “original intent (was) awarding visas to the most skilled and highest paid applicants — crucially, at such time as these reforms are eventually implemented, it will prevent the program from being used to displace American workers,” a White House official said.
“For too long, rather than just allowing the best to come (…), the H-1B program has been applied in a bad way for US workers,” the White House said. The executive order will aim to support stated Trump priorities of “buy American, hire American.”
Immigration authorities already announced earlier in April measures to combat “fraud and abuse” in issuing the visas.
The steps announced Monday come when the United States opens the annual allocation of some 85,000 H-1B visas.
The US president cannot, by a simple decree, change the number of visas allocated.
But the White House hopes, by signing the decree will build momentum before a possible legislative reform.
“This is a transitional step to get towards a more skilled based and merit based version,” a White House official told AFP. “There is a lot we can do administratively, and the rest will be done hopefully legislatively.”
The United States offers 85,000 H-1B visas every year, most of which are snapped up by Indian outsourcers whose employees fill a skill gap in US engineering. Applications are vastly oversubscribed and are allocated via a lottery system. AFP
AFP/CC
Green Party MP Marama Davidson has announced she has put her name forward for co-leadership this afternoon at an event in South Auckland.
Speaking at Otara Pool and Leisure Centre , Ms Davidson said "Since the election I have been thinking a lot about how I can best contribute to growing the green party to grow our shared vision."
"I've decided to stand for Co-leader of the Green party because I am the best placed to build a strong, cohesive and diverse movement to bring about transformative social, environmental and economic change.
"Our Green Party message needs to be taken into our many diverse communities, places where we haven't had a strong presence before, and in some places where we haven't been present at all.
"I have the drive, skills and lived experience that are needed to pull together communities and to lead the Green Party into being a genuine voice for modern Aotearoa."
Nominations for co-leadership were opened on Friday and is set to close on Feburary 9, with all Green Party list members-whether MPs or not- eligible as long as they are female and have been a member for six months or more.
The full list of nominations will be announced of February 12 and campaigns will continue inside the party until March 26.
Ballots will then be cast until April 7, with the new co-leader announced on April 7.
Mr Shaw said on Friday the election process would usually coincide with the party's Annual General Meeting, but after Metiria Turei stepped down last year, leaving it until the AGM would mean the position would have been vacant too long - almost a year.
"Now that we're in government we've got to focus on the business at hand and we want to get this out of the way," Mr Shaw said.
"By the time Easter is done we'll have a new co-leader in place."
Any candidates who received more than $500 in donations to their campaign would be required to declare it.
Jessica Martin
Chronic pain management in HIV: Updated recommendations
This article originally appeared here.
Share this content:
linkedin
google
Email
Print
Nonpharmacologic pain management in patients with HIV include cognitive behavioral therapy, yoga, and physical therapy.
In new guidelines published in Clinical Infectious Diseases, the HIV Medicine Association of the Infectious Diseases Society of America recommends that people living with HIV be screened for pain and offered both nonpharmacologic and pharmacologic treatment options.1
The guideline panel was comprised of 10 experts in HIV, pain, pharmacology, psychiatry, palliative care, and addiction medicine, who reviewed the literature to formulate recommendations for the treatment of denervation pain, neuropathic pain, and musculoskeletal pain in people living with HIV.
The guidelines recommended that patients who screen positive for chronic pain should be evaluated with a physical examination, psychosocial evaluation, and diagnostic testing to determine the underlying cause of the pain.
The first line of treatment is nonpharmacologic management, which includes cognitive behavioral therapy, yoga, and physical therapy. If nonpharmacologic treatment is not sufficient for pain management, clinicians may consider non-opioid drugs, such as gabapentin, topical capsaicin, or medical cannabis.
For patients with neuropathic pain and inadequate response to gabapentin, antidepressants and pregabalin may be considered. Nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs are recommended for patients with musculoskeletal pain.
According to the recommendations, chronic pain should be managed by an interdisciplinary team of specialists in HIV and pain as well as the patient's primary care provider. Multidisciplinary care is particularly important for patients with co-occurring substance use or psychiatric disorders.
The guidelines also emphasize the importance of inpidualized decision making. The study authors noted that, “although chronic pain is common in [people living with HIV], many questions remain unanswered. Findings from studies conducted in the general population are not always generalizable to [this patient population].”
Reference
Screen Shot 2017-04-13 at 14.19.27
End
-- Superior Fires is a UK-based gas and electric fires supplier, offering a wide range of the latest styles, technologies and fireplace features available for any budget. Spring is one of the best times to invest in an electric fire for the best savings and least hassle and with the latest items added to the sale, you needn't delay.The style of fire offered by Superior Fires include wall-mounted, inset and freestanding varieties meaning that there is a fire to fit into any home, even without the need for a flue or chimney! They offer both gas and electric fires options which are all 100% efficient, meaning that this will make a greener change to your home, and will likely save you money in the long run.The modern styles and flame-only option make them a versatile addition to any room. Take a look at their fire calculator to decide on what kind of fire would be best for the room specifications of your home, then you can book a home survey and quote appointment to ensure that you are making the right choice.Also take a look at the newest additions to the ranges, including a panoramic LED suite and a white painted Montana surround. These will make your fire the focal point of the room for all the right reasons, so give your home a spring refresh today and update your electric fire ( https://www.superiorfires.co.uk/ electric-fires.html )!For all your gas and electric fire needs, spares and accessories head to Superior Fires and make the most of their expertise and free delivery options.
It seems revenge is as sweet as kiwifruit.
Hollywood star Amber Heard wasn't able to contain herself at news the man who threatened her pet dogs had found himself in a spot of legal bother.
"When @Barnaby_Joyce said 'no one is above the law' I didn't realize he meant New Zealand law," she tweeted.
Heard's dig followed Joyce's admission he could be a Kiwi by descent because his father was born across the Tasman, an issue later confirmed by Prime Minister Bill English.
Advertisement
When @Barnaby_Joyce said "no one is above the law" I didn't realize he meant New Zealand law ... https://t.co/ZSAy5sYPL2 — Amber Heard (@realamberheard) August 14, 2017
Heard is the ex-wife of Johnny Depp whose Yorkshire Terriers Pistol and Boo were illegally smuggled into Australia in 2015.
She later pleaded guilty in a Queensland court of falsifying quarantine documents and copped a A$1000 fine.
"To comfort Mr Joyce in his hour need, I have sent him a box of New Zealand's finest kiwi fruit (assuming this passes his biosecurity laws)," Heard said in a second tweet.
Tickets to a Royal Tea Party to mark the wedding of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle sold out within hours, said Armagh Banbridge and Craigavon Lord Mayor.
Lord Mayor Alderman Gareth Wilson said he was ‘bowled over' by the response from the public to the Royal Tea Party.
The special event was advertised on social media on Monday morning but all 480 tickets to the free event were snapped up by early afternoon.
ABC Council had issued the invitations to residents on behalf of the Lord Mayor for a ‘right Royal tea party' in Craigavon Civic and Conference Centre on Wednesday 16 May.
Guests were asked to come along and enjoy a cuppa, cakes and treats at one of the two events taking place.
Compared by Gene Fitzpatrick, there will be music by Alan Crawford and Panache as well as an opportunity to get a photograph taken with the life sized cut-out of the happy couple in the Royal Wedding Themed Photo Booth!
The council offered two sittings – one in the morning at 10.30am and one in the afternoon at 2.30pm.
And with admission free by ticket only, only those who have managed to get their hands on one will be able to enjoy the event.
A Council spokesperson said: “The tea parties are taking place in the Mayes Hall of Craigavon Civic and Conference Centre which can hold 240 people per sitting.
“For the two Royal Tea Parties a total of 480 tickets were available and snapped up with hours of release yesterday.”
Lord Mayor Alderman Wilson said, “I am really delighted to be hosting two special tea party sittings to mark the Royal Wedding and I was really bowled over by the public interest in the event.
“The tickets were snapped up within a few hours of being made available proving that the appetite for all things Royal is huge in the Borough.
“I look forward to meeting the public on the day!”
American Town Painting, a painting contractor in Salt Lake City, is providing quality painting services to residents not only to improve the aesthetic appeal of the property but also to add value to it.
[SALT LAKE CITY, 04/24/2018] – American Town Painting offers exterior painting services for property owners who wish to make their properties look good as new again. The company believes that redecorating should not only happen inside of a property but also outside.
American Town Painting adds that applying a fresh coat of paint of either the same shade as the original or completely different one will enhance the overall aesthetic of a property.
Increase in Property Value
Repainting a house from time to time is not solely for the aesthetic purposes of a property, the improvement can also add value to it.
According to American Town Painting, the value of a property decreases over time due to harsh weather conditions causing exterior paints to peel or fade. Repainting could make a property look new again and potentially raise its value.
Protection Against Environmental Factors
Apart from the aesthetic and property value benefits, exterior painting works as a protection against environmental elements such as heat, rain, and wind. Additionally, it protects the property against damage caused by insects, especially for wood-based property.
Exterior painting prevents mold and mildew growth because it serves as a protective outer coat that blocks moisture from the interiors of a property.
Painting the property's exteriors will require a lot of effort and attention, American Town Painting explains, due to exposure to the environmental elements. The company's painters deliver great work in making a property's exterior look good.
About American Town Painting
American Town Painting is a locally-owned painting contractor in Salt Lake City, serving residential and commercial clients. The company is passionate about making properties look good while maintaining a good relationship with clients. The painting contractor has a keen eye for detail, color, quality, and care, with an aim to produce painting services that go beyond standards.
For more information, visit the https://americantownpainting.com website today.
Florida Green Tree, LLC has announced its offer of professional Lakeland, Florida tree service. Florida Green Tree, LLC is also available for 24-hour emergency tree service in Lakeland.
End
-- The Florida-based tree care service company Florida Green Tree, LLC has announced its offer of professional Lakeland, FL tree service. High quality tree trimming, pruning, tree removal, and stump grinding services for Lakeland property owners and businesses are available.Florida Green Tree, LLC is also available for 24-hour emergency tree services in Lakeland. Those in need of emergency tree service simply need to call 863-513-7251 for help. Otherwise, appointments for professional tree service can be made.Florida Green Tree, LLC offers each of its professional tree services at competitive pricing and is able to answer any tree care question the customer has. Those wishing to learn more about the professional tree services offered in Lakeland can browse through FloridaGreenTree.com or call this company directly.Florida Green Tree, LLC aims to provide the highest quality tree services for property owners and businesses in Lakeland, Highland City, Mulberry, Kathleen, Bartow, and other nearby communities in central Florida. Florida Green Tree, LLC provides professional, competitively-priced tree removal, tree trimming, stump grinding, and general tree care service as well as consultation. To learn more about the range of high quality tree care services offered, browse through the Florida Green Tree, LLC website, http://floridagreentree.com . To reach Florida Green Tree, LLC, call 863-513-7251 or fill out and submit the contact form found on the website.
Ed Sheeran's album Divide could land an 18th week in the top spot.
Ed Sheeran is on course for a chart double, with his album and single both on track to be number one.
The star's single, Perfect, is leading the rest of the field at the midweek stage, said the Official Charts Company.
Boosted by the recent duet version featuring Beyonce, a new edit of Perfect featuring Italian tenor Andrea Bocelli is also set to be released this Friday in time for the biggest chart race of the year – the UK's official Christmas number one.
Over on the album chart, Sheeran's record-breaking Divide is closing in on an 18th week at the summit, up one place from last Friday's position.
X Factor winners Rak-Su are holding firm at number two in the singles chart with Dimelo featuring Wyclef Jean and Naughty Boy, while Mariah Carey's All I Want For Christmas Is You sits at three.
Rak-Su (Tom Dymond/Syco/Thames/ITV Plc)
Camila Cabello's Havana is at four and Last Christmas by Wham! has climbed to number five.
The Pogues and Kirsty MacColl are up two to number eight with Fairytale Of New York.
Several other Christmas songs are expected to be in the Top 40 this week, including Band-Aid's Do They Know It's Christmas?, Sir Elton John's Step Into Christmas and Leona Lewis' One More Sleep.
Other offerings circling the top spot in the album chart include Sam Smith's The Thrill Of It All at two, Pink's Beautiful Trauma at three and Paloma Faith's The Architect four.
Michael Ball and Alfie Boe round out the Top 5 with Together Again.
George Michael (Chris Radburn/PA)
Late star George Michael's Twenty Five has climbed six places to number 13 as the first anniversary of his death approaches.
© Press Association 2017
London, United Kingdom — 4 July 2018 — Care Compliance Expert is a company that has been founded with the sole objective of making the caring for the elders better. Taking it to the next level requires not only patience but deep knowledge for the needs and necessities of this segment of people. Many adults like to ignore what their parents need and how they feel at this old age. This is not a correct approach and the care quality has to be improved dramatically.
All the people are going to become old at some point in time and the quality that we all care for the elders will reflect on the karma that we will have when we reach this old age. High quality dementia care can beat half of the problem. When the person feels treated in the right way then the mood also improves and all of this happens in the right way. When the people are going to pay more attention to the health and safety in care homes then the general level of the quality of life will rise several per cent.
Most of the people are striving to grow a little bit every year and paying more attention to this objective can truly improve this growth and make the world that we live in a better place and a safer place for the elders that achieve an age that they have to be cared for. The care quality is directly dependent on this and when the people are focusing on having a higher standard then the world can more in the right direction. Having the right standards for the dementia care can change a lot of things starting with the attitude of the care persons and ending with the general mood of the people that are involved in this business.
CCE is a company that has been involved in this equation for a long time and has a wide variety of expertise domains in which it truly excels. The health and safety in care homes is one of the strongest domains that it can give professional advice in. Many other governmental organizations are consulting with the company when it comes to make critical changes in the regulations. The care quality is always on the rise and there are indeed new methods as to propel these changes.
Contact:
Company: Care Compliance Expert
Web site: carecompliancexpert.co.uk
URL: carecompliancexpert.co.uk/dementia-care
End
-- The Monterey Symphony and the Sunset Cultural Center are presenting a 17-member Chamber Orchestra from the Curtis Institute of Music in Philadelphia in collaboration with the Historic Presenting Partners of the Sunset Center (HPP's). All FIVE of the Mozart violin concertos will be presented over two days. The two separate concerts will feature outstanding young soloists from the Curtis institute in Mozart's Violin Concertos 1, 3, and 5 at 8:00 p.m. on Friday, January 13th and Mozart's Violin Concertos 2 and 4 at 2:00 p.m. on Saturday, January 14th. The Saturday afternoon matinee will also feature Mozart's famous Sinfonia Concertante for Violin and Viola with two Curtis Institute faculty members who are world renowned soloists on their respective instruments – Shmuel Ashkenasi, Violinist and Roberto Diaz, Violist.Located in Philadelphia since 1924, the Curtis Institute is widely regarded as one of the world's leading music academies. With students entering as young as 12 years old, the Washington Post describes the Curtis Institute as, "Both a conservatory and a buzzword… known for taking the best music students in the world", and recently praised the Curtis Chamber Orchestra for, "A glowing performance…great elegance and style".Both the Monterey Symphony and the Sunset Center are delighted to be introducing this vibrant, inspiring ensemble to local audiences as part of their 2017 national tour. We thank the Carmel Bach Festival, the Carmel Music Society, and Chamber Music Monterey Bay for helping to get the word out regarding these special concerts. A portion of the net proceeds from ticket sales to these concerts will be shared with these organizations. Ticket prices for each of the two concerts are $50 (Premium seating), $25 (General seating) and $10 (Students and Active Military).The Curtis Chamber Orchestra shares our commitment to youth arts education and has generously agreed to offer two free performances for area schools on Friday, January 13th, prior to the public concerts. We are delighted that these two concerts have been completely sold out and we have classrooms from both North Monterey County and South Monterey County attending these performances.The Monterey Symphony, Sunset Cultural Center, and the Curtis Institute would like to thank the following hospitality providers who are helping with lodging and food for the performers: La Dolce Vita Restaurant, Coachman's Inn (Four Sisters Hotel Group), Carmel Fireplace Inn (Carmel Fireplace and Briarwood B and B's), Erik's DeliCafe, The Carmel Music Society, and the Carmel Bach Festival.
Harrogate residents are being asked whether they would rather see an increase to their council tax or a cut to the budget of the local police force.
The Police and Crime Commissioner for North Yorkshire, Julia Mulligan, sets the amount that residents across the county pay for policing annually.
But Ms Mulligan has warned that this year, unless the precept is increased, the county's police force will face a £4.3million budget black hole.
She said: "Despite many challenges, I am pleased to say that that North Yorkshire remained the safest place to live and work in England throughout 2017. Meanwhile, policing is continuing to evolve in North Yorkshire as it responds to the changing nature of crime and demands, including a greater focus on protecting and caring for vulnerable people.
“This coupled with reductions in funding from central government and our increasing costs, mean we will still need to save £3 million for the year. This would rise to £4.3 million if the precept was frozen.”
Ms Mulligan has asked the public to take part in a survey to choose one of three options:
· Freeze the precept – continue to pay the amount as it stands now
· Increase the precept by 1.99 per cent. This would increase the amount by £4.40 per year (8p per week) for a Band D property.
· Increase the precept by more than 1.99 per cent. This would raise more money but would mean spending at least £700,000 on a referendum on the proposals.
The survey is available online and paper copies will be on display at public buildings across North Yorkshire, such as police stations, libraries and council offices.
Currently about 53 per cent of North Yorkshire Police funding comes from the Government while the remaining 47 per cent is raised locally, mainly through the ‘police precept'.
The survey is available to complete until the end of January.
Apple and Irish finance minister, Paschal Donohoe, were set to sign the formal legal agreement that will allow Ireland to collect some €13 billion ($16 billion) in past taxes from the tech giant following orders from the European Commission, the Irish finance ministry announced Tuesday.
While the signing means that Apple can start making back payments that span a decade to the European Union nation, both parties continue to dispute that Ireland gave Apple preferential tax treatment amounting to illegal state aid.
Watch video 01:03 Share Ireland's low tax rates attract big corporations Send Facebook Google+ Whatsapp Tumblr linkedin stumble Digg reddit Newsvine Permalink http://p.dw.com/p/2ujZI Ireland's low tax rates attract big corporations
Details of the pay-back deal
Donohoe said the Escrow Framework Deal for "the recovery of alleged state aid" would be signed sometime on Tuesday.
Once the deal is signed, Apple can begin payments into an escrow fund set up for the explicit collection of Apple's back tax.
Apple is expected to pay in multiple installments, with all money transferred by the end of this year's third business quarter.
Read more: EU executive unveils plan for digital tax on tech giants
Donohoe said Ireland would continue to pursue legal avenues against the EU's orders for tax pay-back
An unwanted 'milestone'
Donohoe said in a statement that the signing of the deal was "a significant milestone" and described the framework as "the largest recovery fund of its kind ever to be established."
However, he added that "The [Irish] Government fundamentally disagrees with the ruling of the Commission" in 2016 that ordered the country to collect around €13 billion plus interest from Apple.
A EU Commission spokesperson said that it hoped the back tax would be recovered as quickly as possible.
Upcoming appeal: Donohoe told journalists that an appeal by Ireland and the tech company against the payments would likely begin this fall.
Read more: EU orders Amazon to pay Luxembourg 250 million euros in back taxes
cmb/aw (Reuters, AFP)
A recent analysis suggests that owning a pet in childhood aids in a child's development.
Relationships with others are a key contributor to childhood development, and researchers wanted to find out whether this influence was limited to humans, or whether pets also had a role to play.
Studies have shown that children who are not able to fulfil their attachment have a tendency to develop distrust of others, low self-esteem, and a propensity of loneliness. As pets both give and receive affection, they're thought to contribute to attachment needs in development.
A systematic review was carried out by academics from various UK and US universities including Liverpool, Bristol, Lincoln, New York and Buffalo which found beneficial correlations between children owning pets and emotional health, particularly self-esteem and loneliness.
The team identified and analysed 22 research publications that looked into social, emotional, cognitive, education, and behavioural outcomes, and concluded that pet ownership carries with it a wide range of emotional health benefits, including perspective-taking abilities and enhanced intelligence.
Overall, the work found a clear link between pet ownership and social ability; networking, play, interaction, and overall competence.
One potential reason for this is that evidence suggests children turn to their pets for reassurance and comfort when stressed, sad, and/or angry; as a result, their pets may help the children process these emotions in a healthy manner. This is far better than not being able to release them and bottling them up.
However, the analysis wasn't all conclusive; the investigation into how pet ownership affects depression and anxiety could not point one way or the other, and the effort to investigate whether pet ownership affects behavioural development couldn't be completed due to lack of high quality research.
The research also didn't investigate whether one type of animal was more helpful in development of certain characteristics than others, so the age old debate of cats vs dogs will likely continue to be waged.
However interestingly, separate research suggests that the presence of a dog in a classroom helps children perform better both academically and cognitively (go team dog!).
With approximately 46% of British households including at least one companion animal, it's worth investigating how animals are shaping the youth.
As a result, a call for further, high quality, research into a link between This is surely merited in order to elucidate the mechanisms through which this occurs.
Image Credit: Andrew Pons via Unsplash
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A football club has been forced to cancel matches after travellers moved on to its pitch - leaving a trail of destruction.
Around 40 caravans set up camp at Wake Green FC, off Drawbridge Road, Solihull, on Monday morning after a padlock was reportedly broken.
They left the club site, which is used for matches by hundreds of children, on Monday evening.
During their stay it is claimed the clubhouse was broken into and cash was stolen, while damage was also caused to the pitch.
The football club - run by volunteers - has now been forced to cancel games on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday so repairs can be carried out on the pitch and clubhouse.
A West Mercia Police spokeswoman confirmed they had received a report about a burglary at the club on Monday.
She said: “There were reports of cash stolen and outbuildings broken into.
"Enquiries are on-going. We are appealing for witnesses.
"Anyone with information should call 101 quoting incident number 0753S230418.”
Volunteer Ted James, 67, who has been a member for 52 years, said: “We are devastated because we are self-funded.
“All the money raised is by the people themselves, we get no grants from the council and it costs us £12,000 in rent and maintenance.
"We have five adult teams and nine children's teams between eight and 15 years of age. Hundreds use the facility. It's all voluntary.”
“They have left their rubbish on the pitch and human excrement. I can't believe that.
“The bar is an absolute mess.”
Mr James said volunteers were going to start the clean-up tonight and tomorrow.
He said: “We were due to hold football matches on Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday but we've had to cancel these but we are hoping to get the grounds ready for Saturday.”
Councillor Brian Holmes (Cons, Shirley West) said: “I used to run a football club on a Monday evening and we used to have 74 kids on the books and they used to let us it is free of charge.
"They are wonderful group of people. This has left me feeling quite ill.”
LONDON, Ont. — Police in London, Ont., say a suspect has been arrested and charged in connection with the death of a 27-year-old man last Saturday.
Police were called to the scene of an "altercation" at about 2:30 a.m. and found Dereck Szaflarski suffering serious injuries. He was pronounced dead in hospital.
The suspect fled the scene in a white vehicle, which was later recovered north of the city and returned to London for examination.
A second-degree murder warrant was subsequently issued for 35-year-old Robert Ashley Williams of London.
Leaders are hoping for change following a triple homicide at the Great Lakes Dragaway. The drag strip is near Union Grove in the Town of Paris.
"We're all concerned, everyone in the town is concerned," said Ron Kammerzelt, Town of Paris Supervisor.
Three people are dead after a gunman shot them near the concession area in the parking lot of the Great Lakes Dragaway Sunday night. The Kenosha Sheriff said the three men from Illinois were in a gang, and might have been targeted by a rival gang.
"How did it happen in a small town?" asked Virgil Gentz, Town of Paris Chairman.
Gentz has been Town Chairman for 39 years and he's never seen this kind of violence in the Town of Paris.
Larry's Fun Fest was underway at the drag strip at time of the shooting. About 5,000 people were there. Town Supervisor Ron Kammerzelt said it honors a Milwaukee man and it's the biggest event of the year at the venue.
"We've talked about traffic problems, and things like that other years, and safety, and he hires security for that; and does everything he can on site. Apparently there needs to be more done," said Kammerzelt.
Town leaders hope to work with the owners of the Dragaway to make changes.
"The drag strip people I'm sure will be reviewing many different things and doing the best so that nothing like this will happen again," said Gentz.
The shooter is not in custody. The sheriff said a lack of cooperation has made detectives' jobs very difficult.
Police Investigate Historic School Abuse
Police are investigating an historic report of indecent assault at a school in Arnside in 1968.
Officers have received a report of an alleged assault by a male teacher against a child at Earnseat Prep School, who was 11 years old at the time.
They want to hear from any pupils or staff who will have attended or worked at the school at the time of the alleged offence who may be able to help with their enquiries.
Anyone information should contact Cumbria Police on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
With smoke still swirling around the charred remains of Grenfell Tower in west London, residents and community leaders demanded to know how a ferocious fire could have swept through the high-rise apartment block with such speed that it killed at least 12 people.
The anger was particularly strong since activists had warned just seven months ago that fire safety procedures were so lax that only a catastrophic blaze would bring the scrutiny needed to make the building safe.
What happened?
Fire and police officials have not specified what went wrong, but extensive video footage shows the flames climbing the exterior of the building at a remarkable pace.
"I've never seen a fire like that in my life," said Joe Ruane, the former deputy chief fire officer for US Air Force bases in Britain. "I've never seen that in a residential block."
The 24-story public housing complex is owned by the local government council in the borough of Kensington and Chelsea and was completed in the 1970s. It is managed by the Kensington and Chelsea Tenant Management Organization, which spent 10 million pounds refurbishing the building over the last two years.
The renovation project included installation of insulated exterior cladding, double-glazed windows and a communal heating system. Investigators need to look at what materials were used in the project and who approved their use, Ruane said. But he said the speed with which the fire spread suggests that more than one fire protection safeguard failed.
"It's not just one thing," Ruane said. "It's multiple issues."
What was the fire procedure at the building?
Some residents suggested that Grenfell Tower's policies were to blame for the disaster.
A newsletter put out by the building's tenant organisation told tenants to follow a "stay put" policy and remain in their apartments during a fire unless the blaze was inside their apartment or in their hallway or until they were told to evacuate by officials.
This policy is in place "because Grenfell was designed according to rigorous fire-safety standards," according to the 2014 newsletter about the renovation project. New front doors in each apartment could withstand a fire for up to 30 minutes, "which gives plenty of time for the fire brigade to arrive," the newsletter said.
That policy, often followed in high-rise hotels, may be effective in lesser fires. In this case, however, the fire seemed to climb the exterior of the tower so quickly that it overwhelmed protective systems like fire doors. People who initially remained in place may have been unable to escape later because the hallways and fire escapes were filled with heavy smoke and flames.
The London Fire Brigade said crews were on the scene within six minutes of the first reports of the fire, but they were unable to reach people on higher floors to prevent fatalities.
Who is to blame?
While investigations are underway to determine what went wrong, tenants said repeated complaints were ignored. Survivor Edward Daffarn said the Kensington and Chelsea Tenant Management Organization, or KCTMO, which manages the Grenfell Tower as well as other buildings in the area, is responsible because it ignored numerous warnings.
The management organization's annual accounts for the year ending March 31, 2016, indicate that the company has been cited for fire-safety issues in the past.
Following an October 2015 arson fire at one of the buildings it manages, the 14-story Adair Tower, the London Fire Brigade issued an enforcement notice to install self-closing devices on the front doors of all 78 apartments and to improve fire safety in staircases used for escape, the organisation said in the report.
The Fire Brigade issued a similar notice for another KCTMO-managed building, Hazelwood Tower. The upgrades were scheduled to be completed by 2016, the report said.
The Grenfell Tower disaster is uncomfortably similar to a fast-moving blaze at another London-area public housing project, Lakanal House, that killed six people, including three children, eight years ago. In that July 2009 fire, smoke and flames quickly engulfed the 14-story building. A coroner's inquest found that a series of failures contributed to the loss of life and made a number of recommendations to help prevent future disasters.
Investigators probing the Grenfell Tower fire will have to look at which of those recommendations were implemented in the building and which were not, said Jim Fitzpatrick, a former firefighter who now serves in the House of Commons.
"These will be matters for the scientists and the engineers ... to find out exactly how the fire started, why it spread so quickly and what could have been done to prevent it," Fitzpatrick told Sky News.
A local community organization, the Grenfell Action Group, had warned about fire dangers at the building since 2013. In a series of blog posts, the group raised concerns about testing and maintenance of fire-fighting equipment and blocked emergency access to the site.
"All our warnings fell on deaf ears, and we predicted that a catastrophe like this was inevitable and just a matter of time," the group said in a blog post Wednesday.
KCTMO said it is cooperating with investigators and that it was aware of tenant complaints. "We always take all concerns seriously and these will form part of our forthcoming investigations," it said in a statement.
Chris Coleman's vision for Sunderland in League One was one in which the club held on to its young talent and added some seasoned campaigners.
At the heart of that team would be Northern Ireland international Paddy McNair, the central midfielder who helped Coleman finally settle on a system that brought balance to his Sunderland team.
Paddy McNair in action for Norhern Ireland
The Ballyclare man's late season form was superb, and while not enough to keep the Black Cats up, Coleman was in no doubt that he was a player who changed the dynamic of a game.
Coleman said: “He frees up time and space for the other players around him.
“Our stats on wing-backs, the transitions, bursting forward from midfield, when he plays it is much higher.
“We go from defending, winning the ball and then within three or four seconds we're in the opposition territory, with bodies getting into the penalty box.
Sunderland boss Chris Coleman has hailed the late season form of Paddy McNair
“In any one game of football there are around 300 transitions, and it is the team that anticipates better, turning the defending into attacking and getting bodies forward, they're the successful one.
“In recent games we've been better at that and getting bodies further forward, winning the ball back quicker and attacking, rather than sitting back and wishing our lives away.
“Of course we've been open and given the opposition chances too, but our shooting stats have been really high of late.
“That comes from that power in midfield, most games are won or lost in that area. McNair changes how we look, I know that's a lot of pressure on him but it is a fact of life.”
Coleman was determined to keep him, and the new regime certainly share that sentiment.
The 23-year-old is head and shoulders above most players in the third tier, and has the welcome bonus of not just being technically gifted but physically competitive, too.
That is a potent blend in a key area of the pitch. Coleman, like the new regime on Wearside, was also aware of the financial realities.
“It's still a great club to be at, you know. He's going to be involved here, a team here will be built around him and players like him," he said.
“If someone wants to buy someone like him, there are no giveaways, they'll have to pay a hell of a lot of money for him.
“With every club there's coming and goings of course. If someone offers a King's ransom I suppose everyone is up for grabs. But we certainly don't want to lose him.”
A £2 million bid, believed to be from Brighton, was firmly knocked back in recent days, deemed to be 'derisory'.
That will be welcome news to Sunderland fans who believe that in recent years, the Black Cats have too easily moved on players and not got full value for them.
It is obvious that the 23-year-old, a full international more than capable of playing in the top tier, is worth far more than that fee.
For Brighton, it is an obvious move and it will be the same for many teams in the Premier League and the upper reaches of the Championship.
British talent is always sought after. McNair has an eye for goal but can get from box-to-box and is excellent in the air. He will tick a lot of boxes for a lot of clubs.
Behind the scenes there is a sense that Brighton (and a number of teams who have had bids rejected for other players) are testing the water, to see how strong Sunderland's resolve is and to see if there is a need for a short-term financial boost that can be exploited.
The new regime are absolutely insistent that is not the case and that sales will only happen if their valuation of a player is met.
With McNair, there is also another factor to consider. After a difficult spell with injury, he looks to be back to his best but should he continue to get regular games under his belt this season then his value will only rise further.
That will factor into Sunderland's thinking should any further bids arrive.
Of course, how McNair himself sees his career progressing will also be a factor and that goes for all of the club's young talent, who Stewart Donald intends to speak to individually in the near future. It is also true that for all McNair is not one of the club's biggest earners, his wage is still significant enough for the third tier.
With those players who have just one year left on their current deal (Lynden Gooch, Joel Asoro, Josh Maja, George Honeyman), greater pragmatism may be required should they make clear that they do not see themselves as part of the future under Jack Ross.
Again, however, the new owners are insistent that players will only leave on their terms.
A number of players will move on from Sunderland this summer and broadly speaking they fit into two categories. In the first are the players that Sunderland want and need to move on to relieve the significant burden on the wage bill.
In the second are the players that are not so troublesome on that front but could bring in valuable funds for the new manager. Sunderland's owners will want to keep those in the second category to a minimum and if it does come to it, they are determined that it will purely on their terms.
This article first appeared on our sister title, the Sunderland Echo
AFP/Getty Images
After a week of misery, the No. 1 digital currency has something to smile about.
Ahead of a meeting of Group of 20 finance ministers and central bankers in Buenos Aires, the Financial Stability Board, or FSB, issued a letter to the international finance ministers saying that cryptocurrencies do not pose any near-term systemic risk to the global financial system.
“The FSB's initial assessment is that crypto-assets do not pose risks to global financial stability at this time,” wrote Mark Carney, chairman of the FSB. The FSB is an international watchdog that makes recommendations about the global financial system.
“This is in part because they are small relative to the financial system. Even at their recent peak, their combined global market value was less than 1% of global GDP,” wrote Carney, who is also governor of the Bank of England.
After the release, the price bitcoin BTCUSD, +1.58% rose by as much as $1,000 to an intraday high of $8,702.47 after spending a good part of the weekend under $7,500. Bitcoin was last traded at $8,424.34, up 2.8% on the day.
Read: These companies jumped on the bitcoin train right before it derailed
The G-20 could be a turning point for the cryptocurrency market as investors call for a global coordinated approach to govern the digital asset market.
“G-20 representatives must use this summit to work toward an agreement to adopt common regulations for cryptocurrencies. By doing so, they will position their respective countries on the right side of history,” said Nigel Green, chief executive of deVere Group.
It has been a tumultuous last two weeks for digital assets that have shed a combined $140 billion since the beginning of March. A raft of regulatory and advertising crackdowns pushed most digital assets to 2018 lows, and this trend looked to continue over the weekend when Sky News reported that Twitter would ban cryptocurrency ads, following similar actions from Facebook Inc. FB, -6.77% and Alphabet Inc.'s Google GOOG, -3.16%
However, the FSB news halted the skid, and major digital currencies followed bitcoin in recovering weekend losses.
Ether rose back above $500 over the weekend and was up 0.9% at $543.69, bitcoin cash is up 4% at $971.16, Litecoin is higher by 2.1% at $157.06, and Ripple is up 4.3% at $0.69.
While the report was greeted with optimism, Carney did warn that there could be concerns down the road.
“Wider use and greater interconnectedness could, if it occurred without material improvements in conduct, market integrity and cyber resilience, pose financial stability risks through confidence effects,” wrote Carney.
Carney added that the use of crypto-assets for illegal activity and laundering remains a hurdle for the integrity of the industry.
Bitcoin futures opened the week in the red. The Cboe Global Markets April contract XBTJ8, +1.36% closed down 1.6% at $8,445 and the CME Inc. March contract BTCH8, +1.73% finished the day at $8,400 down 1.8%
CryptoWatch: Check bitcoin and other cryptocurrency prices, performance and market capitalization—all on one dashboard
THE Dalian Locomotive and Rolling Stocks Co., which supplied 48 train coaches for the Metro Rail Transit-3 (MRT-3), must refund the government the full cost of the contract amounting to P3.8 billion, Senate President Aquilino Pimentel 3rd said on Saturday.
Pimentel made the demand as he raised the need to “blacklist” Dalian from all government contracts.
“Cancelling the contract and returning the coaches is not enough,” the Senate chief said.
“What we have here is a supplier who knowingly supplied equipment that is not suitable for the MRT.”
Dalian delivered the new coaches in January 2016, three months after the original delivery date—October 2015.
“We can't just let them get away with it with no penalties whatsoever,” Pimentel said.
All future suppliers of Philippine government projects must “be aware of the consequences of giving defective products for their contracts,” he added.
Dalian supplied the “unusable” light rail coaches to the MRT-3 when Joseph Emilio Abaya was the Transportation secretary.
However, the light rail vehicles were not used because these were incompatible with the system.
Last month, the Department of Transportation hired the services of an independent audit and assessment (IAA) consultant that will evaluate the 48 coaches.
Undersecretary Timothy John Batan said the department will make a decision on what to do with the LRVs based on the recommendation of the IAA consultant.
“If they will advise that the coaches may be used but with necessary adjustments, we will consider. If they tell us that these should be returned, we would do so,” Batan said.
Over 600,000 commuters use MRT-3 everyday. The rail system however had been constantly bogged down with technical glitches that sometimes led to the offloading of passengers.
Last week, some 800 commuters were offloaded when a southbound train was hit by electrical failure during rush hour. The passengers were told to leave the train at the Ortigas station.
TORONTO — Genome editing, a powerful technology that allows researchers to add, remove or replace snippets of DNA from cells, should only be used for the potential treatment or prevention of serious diseases and disabilities — not to produce "designer babies" with traits that could be passed on to future generations, an international committee of scientists says.
In a report released Tuesday, the U.S. National Academies of Sciences and Medicine outlined recommendations for global researchers as they go forward with clinical trials using genome-editing technology, which has raised ethical concerns among both scientists and the public.
While the practice of gene editing is not new, a highly precise tool known as CRISPR/CAS 9 has revolutionized scientists' ability to alter DNA. It led to an explosion of research and would-be applications for a wide range of human health issues since its development in 2012.
Human genome editing is already widely used in basic research and is in the early stages of development and testing for treatments that affect only individual patients, without affecting genes passed onto their offspring.
"It would allow you to take cells from patients who carry genetic diseases and fix the bad mutations," said Janet Rossant, a senior scientist at Toronto's Hospital for Sick Children, the Canadian representative on the committee.
For instance, genome editing could be used to treat such genetic diseases as sickle cell anemia and thalassemia, Rossant said.
"That's called somatic genome editing. You're not changing it forever (to affect future generations), you're just changing it for that patient."
More contentious is the notion of "germline" editing, in which the sperm, egg or early embryo has its DNA altered. Those changes would be passed onto any children and then to subsequent generations.
Many view germline editing as crossing an "ethically inviolable" line, the report said. Concerns raised include spiritual objections, effects on social attitudes towards people with disabilities, interfering with human reproduction, and possible risks to the health and safety of future children.
"Heritable germline editing has long been the subject of discussion," committee co-chair Alta Charo, a professor of law and bioethics at the University of Wisconsin-Madison, said during the report's release in Washington.
"We have now gone to the point where it is possible to imagine a day where it is safe, so we need to confront the concerns and possible benefits. Those concerns range from concerns about risk and benefit ... (and) the prospect of multiplying risk because it reverberates down the generations."
Yet germline editing could provide some parents who carry genetic diseases with their best or most acceptable option for having genetically related children who are born free of these diseases, Charo acknowledged.
Still, the committee said, much more research is needed before germline editing could be tried in humans to prevent such inherited conditions as Huntington's disease, a progressive and fatal neurological condition that typically begins manifesting symptoms in adulthood. Each child of a parent with Huntington's has a 50 per cent chance of inheriting the disease.
"Although heritable germline genome editing trials must be approached with caution, the committee said caution does not mean prohibition," said Rossant.
Even so, in many countries, such research is currently prohibited.
"In Canada, any manipulation of DNA of the germline that would be a genetic alteration to be inherited in the next generation is banned — criminally," she said.
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration is prohibited from reviewing research in which a human embryo is intentionally created or modified to include a heritable genetic modification, and a number of other countries have signed an international convention that bans germline alterations.
The committee said if such regulations were removed in the future and germline gene editing was permitted, stringent criteria would be needed before clinical trials could go forward, including being restricted to altering genes that were demonstrated to cause or strongly predispose a person and their children to a serious disease or condition.
Rossant suggested most people would agree that if a disabling disease that's passed from one generation to the next could be safely fixed with gene editing, perhaps it should be done to benefit both an affected individual and their future children and grandchildren.
"But where do we draw the line between serious genetic disease and potential genetic enhancement? How do we know it won't be a slippery slope if we allow these approaches to go forward?" she said.
"How do we set guidelines and regulations so that we don't see it being used for sports enhancement, for down the road perhaps increasing intelligence or whatever other science-fiction approach you might think of."
- Follow @SherylUbelacker on Twitter.
Sheryl Ubelacker, The Canadian Press
End
-- Fluper Ltd., a successful application development enterprise, developed a transportation utility app "Fone Taxi" for its client Fone Taxi as a part of their strategy to reach to its customers from its websiteFluper brings into use its entire 170 employee strength for the part of client acquisition, analysts, development and designing with proper integration of marketing which has made post maintenance and launch fruitful. What has really made this app accomplished is the active participation of technical enthusiasts who have yielded robust business strategy.The application offers dual transportation facility to its customers which include cabs as well as bikes for their everyday commuting needs, while we also try to offer three wheeler services wherever the transport medium is available. Fone Taxi stands apart all because it offers two-three and four wheeler services on a single platform making it one stop for all your travel needs.The application comes with real time GPS location service that helps you track your taxi and route.The drivers employed by us are not only qualified but also legally eligible to operate as taxi drivers by the local governments. Drivers are trained and educated to care for their customers and equally maintain their vehicles for riders' convenience. Also, riders experience is valuable for excellent deliverance so we never lose on taking feedback.Booking Taxi on the app will take less time than reading this paragraph. Install the app, the GPS automatically traces you and you need to enter your destination. An estimated ride cost is displayed and nearest driver are ready to pick you. Ratings of the driver will be notified to you and an unsatisfied you can opt for any of the driver near you. Only after your arrival choose from the different payments options.The application manages your profiles to award you free rides and keeps the record of your past travels and fares to always enable you to review your savings with us.While our services are also open to Corporates who can avail the maximum benefits of our services with facility of monthly billing and easier accounts management.A special SOS button is added to the application for the hour of need. The button gives you the access to call your set emergency contacts. Also on pressing it your set contact will receive a SMS informing SOS has been tapped with your immediate location coordinates.Fone Taxi is a Start up presently operating in Nairobi, Kampala, Uganda and Kenya and plans to expand in other African nations like Zimbabwe, Burundi, Nigeria and Rwanda. Expanding overseas business is also an important priority with negotiations to start services in India on maturity.For more details visit at https://www.fluper.com/
End
-- Friends of the Monterey Symphony hosts its 8th annual Mystery Play and Dinner Fundraiser in Salinas and Monterey Monterey and Salinas, CA – The Friends of the Monterey Symphony present the 8th annual Mystery Play and Dinner Fundraiser "Ghosts Galore: The Mystery of the Macawber Mansion" Saturday, Jan. 28 in Salinas (Hartnell College) and Saturday, Feb. 4 in Monterey (Portola Hotel & Spa). This year's production features Theodore Balestreri Jr., Amy Treadwell, Doug Toby and Taylor Safina with cameos by such notable locals as Maddox Haberdasher, Bashar Sneeh and Sylvia Gardner. The production is directed by choreographer and realtor, Lucretia Butler, and the two performances will benefit the Monterey Symphony's Music for the Schools program.The year is 1923, and the Macawber family gathers to decide who will inherit the family mansion. The test of the true heir is surviving two nights alone in the house. All who have tried have failed the test.The Monterey event begins at 5 p.m., followed by a three-course dinner at 6 p.m. and the play. The dinner includes playful ghost-themed menu items. Dressing in the styles of the 1920s or as your favorite ghost is highly encouraged! Tier 3 General seating in Monterey is $125, with multiple seating options including Tier 2 seating at $175 and special Tier 1 Red Carpet VIP tickets available at $500. The Red Carpet ticket includes seating at the best tables (front row or best available), premium wines, and special gifts.The evening in Salinas begins with a reception at 4:15 p.m., followed by the play at 5 p.m. Tier 3 seating begins at $25 advance ($30 door), along with Tier 2 ($35/$40) and Tier 1 ($50/$55). Tickets for students and active military are priced at $10.To purchase tickets, or for more information, visit http://www.montereysymphony.org/ special-events/ mystery-pl... or call 831-646-8511.Saturday January 28, 2017 at Main Stage at Hartnell College, Building K located at 411 Central Ave, SalinasReception is at 4:15 p.m.; Play begins at 5:00 p.m.(Reception included with ticket) Tier one seating: $50 advance/$55 at door Tier two seating: $35 advance/ $40 at door Tier three seating $25 advance/ $30 at door Students and Active Military $10Saturday February 4, 2017 at Portola Hotel and Spa located at 2 Portola Plaza, MontereyNo-host cocktails are at 5:00 p.m.; Dinner & Play begin at 6:00 p.m. (Play is at 7:00 p.m.)Tier 1 - Red Carpet VIP Full Table - $5,000 - 10 tickets - $4,000 tax-deductible Tier 1 - Red Carpet VIP Half Table - $2,500 - 5 tickets - $2,000 tax-deductible Tier 1 - Red Carpet VIP - $1,000 - 2 tickets - $800 tax-deductible Tier 1 - Red Carpet VIP - $500 - 1 ticket - $400 tax-deductible Tier 2 Seating - $175 – 1 ticket - $75 tax-deductible Tier 3 - General Seating - $125 – 1 ticket - $25 tax-deductible Playbill VIP - $250 Donation ONLY (No tickets) – ($250 tax-deductible)Fair Market Value $100/ticket Net proceeds from the event benefit the Monterey Symphony (Tax ID 94-1584123)~Salad~Spinach Salad with Pears and Blue Cheese ~Entrée~ Canterville Ghosts - Chili Spiced Rub Bistro Filet Served with Au Gratin Potatoes Roasted Asparagus Flying Dutchman - Grilled Chicken Served with Au Gratin Potatoes Roasted Asparagus Headless Horseman - Roasted Salmon Served with Au Gratin Potatoes Roasted Asparagus Casper's Grilled Vegetable Wellington (Vegetarian option) ~ Dessert ~ Mr. Boogedy's Fresh Fruit Tart Coffee, Tea, Brewed DecafWe are group of community volunteers who are dedicated supporters of the Monterey Symphony. We are working professionals, parents, grandparents and retirees of all ages who live, work and shop throughout the many communities served by the Symphony. We understand the importance of musical enrichment for our community and music education for our children. We are loyal concert-goers who organize and deliver an array of special events as benefits to support the Symphony. If you love classical music, a wonderful way to show appreciation for music in your community is to become a Friend of the Monterey Symphony with your tax-deductible donation and/or to volunteer your time. Your support helps the Symphony continue to bring excellent performances of Great Music, LIVE! to the Monterey Peninsula and Central Coast. We offer a variety of ways to participate and show your support for the Symphony.
Northern Ireland businesses enjoyed yet another increase in export orders with many winning new contracts in the south last month thanks to sterling's continuing lacklustre performance against the euro, the latest research shows.
According to Ulster Bank's Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) for July business activity across the North's private sector registered a “solid” monthly expansion with the service sector in particular recording its strongest growth rates since last March.
The latest PMI report highlights that job creation continued in Northern Ireland last month but at a slightly slower pace while inflationary pressures also decreased.
But although companies in the North in general reported a rise in business activity during July it was slightly behind the rates registered across the UK as a whole suggesting that Northern Ireland's private sector may be nursing some worrying weaknesses.
The latest PMI report points to evidence that the local construction is facing challenges as research shows that the construction sector suffered another drop in new business - the fifth consecutive row in a month -although the retail sector which had been experiencing a slowing in demand saw sales stabilise last month.
Richard Ramsey, chief economist Northern Ireland, Ulster Bank, said the latest PMI shows that for some companies July was yet another month where they had to battle higher input prices driven by currency issues and increased staff costs.
“The reality is that the overall tone of the latest survey is characterised by slower rates of growth. Firms reported a slight slowdown in the rate of growth in business activity, with July's figure at a nine-month low. Meanwhile, new orders and exports saw their growth rates quicken. The private sector has been increasing its staffing levels for the last two-and-a-half years. Last month, however, the pace of job creation slipped to a six-month low,” Mr Ramsey said.
According to the Ulster Bank survey business in the North remain optimistic about their future prospects.
Mr Ramsey said: “Despite the ongoing political and Brexit related uncertainty, Northern Ireland's private sector remains relatively upbeat.
“Almost one-third of firms expect to have more work in 12 months' time than they do currently. Optimists currently outnumber pessimists by more than two to one on this front.”
DALLAS (Reuters Breakingviews) - ConocoPhillips is stuck in a rut. Only asset sales kept the company's earnings out of the red in the first three months of the year. The cash from such deals will help Conoco cut its high debt load, but Chief Executive Ryan Lance is still pushing ahead with buybacks and has started increasing the dividend rather than boosting investing. Such methods to buoy the stock have a limited lifespan.
Like oil majors that reported late last week, Conoco's earnings were in part helped by rising oil prices. The company's realized price – the total revenue on oil sales divided by the number of barrels - was $36.18, a 58 percent increase over the same period last year. As a result, the net loss for the quarter, after stripping out one-off gains, was just $19 million compared to a loss of $1.2 billion last year.
All told, Conoco sold some $16 billion of assets over the past two months, though one deal involves being partly paid with stock in the buyer, Cenovus Energy. Conoco intends to use most of the cash proceeds to pay off some of its borrowings. That was enough to prompt Moody's and S&P to improve Conoco's ratings outlook. And it should take its debt load down from around three times EBITDA to a level closer to the 1.2 times multiple of its peers by the end of the year, reckon analysts at Raymond James.
It also intends to return some $3 billion of sale proceeds to shareholders using buybacks. Along with a 6 percent dividend increase in February – a year after slashing it by two-thirds – that might sound like actions investors should applaud. Yet shares fell as much as 2 percent after Tuesday's earnings.
That's because Lance's short-term patches come at the expense of future projects. He is holding the capital-spending budget at $5 billion. And while Conoco built four new rigs in the Eagle Ford and Permian Basin regions in the first four months of the year, it's a blip compared to the 111 new platforms up over that period, according to Baker Hughes. With asset sales ahead of schedule and depleting earnings, Lance needs to put more money to work to keep the cash spigot flowing.
Rise in need for faster recovery, reduced pain and discomfort has led to growth of global robotic surgery market in the past few years. Owing to rising adoption of minimally invasive surgeries, the market for global robotic surgery grew at a healthy CAGR of ~% during 2012-2017 from USD ~ million in 2012 to ~ million in 2017. During the concerned period, market grew predominantly due to increase in sales of da Vinci systems across the world and surgical procedures performed by them. The number of installed da Vinci systems grew from ~ in 2012 to ~ in 2017 and the number of surgical procedures conducted inclined from 359,000 in 2011 to 753,000 in 2016.
The market growth was also aided due to the commercial launch of several new systems in the US and/or Europe and other territories. Some of the surgical robots approved and commercially launched included MAKO, OMNIBotics, ARTAS, ROSA, NAVIO, TSoultion One, Neuromate,
Mazor X and Renaissance for a variety of indication such as spine and brain surgeries, total/partial knee and total hip arthroplasty and hair transplant. Over ~ spine and brain surgeries and more than ~ total/partial knee and total hip replacement procedures were performed using surgical robots in 2017.
International expansion has been slow over the past decade due to the fact that the majority of these companies are US based. Most companies have been focused on gaining regulatory approvals from the FDA and subsequently market the product aggressively before launching the systems elsewhere in the world. The process of individually gaining approval in various countries has slowed the growth of the entire surgical robotics industry. Additionally, all robotics companies face the challenge of convincing hospitals to purchase systems that are usually priced in excess of USD 1 million.
Which Segments are doing Well in Global Robotic Surgery Market?
North America accounted for the highest market share (~ %) in 2017, in terms of revenue. This was primarily due to high standards of healthcare infrastructure, high patient awareness levels and high healthcare expenditure by consumer and government as compared to other regions of the world.
Over ~ % of the North American revenue was due to high adoption of robotic surgery systems in the US. The US market for surgical robotics has been driven by the financial capability of hospitals to invest in these systems, strategic collaboration with insurance players, rising patient acceptance owing to superior post-operative outcomes, and general awareness about computer-assisted surgeries.
Of the 3,919 da Vinci systems installed worldwide, 2,563 of them were installed in the US alone. Europe, Asia-Pacific and Rest of the World (ROW) comprised for ~ %, ~ % and ~ % market share as of 2017, respectively.
Snapshot on Us Robotic Surgery Market
The US accounted for more than ~% of the overall robotic surgery market in 2017, in terms of revenue. Hence, the US robotic surgery market stood at over USD ~ billion in 2017. High healthcare standards, financial capability of hospitals to invest in these systems, strategic collaboration with insurance players, rising patient acceptance owing to superior post-operative outcomes, and general awareness about computer-assisted surgeries have led to high adoption of robot-assisted surgeries in the US.
The US is at the forefront of medical research and is more often the first country to adopt new, innovative surgical robots for a variety of indications. Although robot-assisted surgeries are expensive, insurers pay no more for surgeries that utilize robotic systems than for other types of minimally-invasive procedures, such as laparoscopy. Higher treatment cost with surgical robots has resulted in slower adoption of robotic surgeries amongst the citizens of the US.
Major Companies:
A vast majority of the companies developing and marketing surgical robots are based out of the US. This includes the market leader Intuitive Surgical, which generated about ~% of its entire annual revenues from the US itself in 2016. Several other major players in this sector such as Accuray, Stryker, Zimmer Biomet, OMNIlife Science, Think Surgical, Restoration Robotics, Medrobotics, TransEnterix and Auris Surgical are based in the US. Even those companies which are not based out of the US, sale of robotic systems in the US contributed for a fair portion of their overall annual revenues.
In terms of product development, US based medical device companies clearly dominated over others in developing surgical robots indicated for radio surgery, hair transplant and soft tissue surgeries involved in urology, gynecology, cardiothoracic and general surgical procedures.
Market Potential:
At present, the US is currently experiencing a severe shortage of general surgeons. The number of total active physicians in all specialties rose less than 2% annually to 860,939 in 2015 from 799,501 in 2010, according to the AAMC's (Association of American Medical Colleges) 2016 Physician Specialty Data Report. The US will face a shortage of between 61,700 and 94,700 doctors by 2025, according to AAMC.
As of 2016, only ~% of the ~ million applicable soft tissue surgeries were performed using robotic surgical technology.
Da Vinci system for soft tissue surgeries were installed in about ~ US hospitals, with potential to be installed in over ~ more hospitals and ~ ambulatory surgical centers.
The number of total hip replacement procedures in the US was approximately ~ each year, and is expected to increase threefold by 2030.
The demand for total-knee replacements is expected to increase more than six fold by 2030 from current ~ each year.
Within five years, ~ of all surgeries in the US, more than double the current levels, are expected to be performed with robotic systems.
Source:https://www.kenresearch.com/healthcare/medical-devices/global-robotic-surgery-market/142287-91.html
Contact Us:
Ken Research
Ankur Gupta, Head Marketing & Communications
sales@kenresearch.com
+91-1244230204
Over 1,500 employees participated in the event held at Ali Bin Hamad Al Attiyah Arena
End
-- Qatar, 15 February, 2017- Alfardan Group held its 6th company-wide Sports Day event yesterday at the Ali Bin Hamad Al Attiyah Arena. The activities are an annual initiative to commemorate Qatar's National Sports Day. Over 1,500 employees from various business units participated in the event aimed at demonstrating the Group's support for the country's strategic efforts to position itself as one of the world's premier sporting hubs. Alfardan Sports Day highlighted the virtues of physical activity as well as camaraderie, cooperation, and team spirit for continued personal and professional growth.Prior to the final games at the Ali Bin Hamad Al Attiyah Arena, teams and individuals competed in the preliminary rounds of volleyball and basketball at the Arab International Academy, while tennis and table tennis were held at Alfardan Gardens. Employees also competed in other sports such as football, badminton and cricket.Ali Alfardan, Vice Chairman, Alfardan Group, said on the occasion, "Alfardan Sports Day is an annual event held to reaffirm our support for the pioneering initiative launched by H.H. Sheikh Tamim Bin Hamad Al Thani, Emir of Qatar, to observe a National Sports Day. It is a platform that brings together employees from different divisions and showcases their competitiveness, excellence and dedication. With this event we aim to promote and raise awareness on the importance of physical wellness to create a generation of fit and healthy individuals in Qatar."Fahad Alfardan, Board Member of Alfardan Group, added "Engaging our employees in physical activities through sports is one effective way to raise awareness on leading a healthy lifestyle, which is a priority for our Government, under the leadership of H.H. Sheikh Tamim Bin Hamad Al Thani, Emir of the State of Qatar, in order to develop a healthy workforce. Through Alfardan Sports Day, we aim to boost this commitment and ensure that Alfardan Group consistently promotes Qatar's vision of a healthy working environment and community. This also strengthens camaraderie among employeeswhich is an essential element in achieving the company's mission and strategic objectives."Omar Alfardan, President and CEO of Alfardan Group, concluded, "In our support of H.H. Sheikh Tamim Bin Hamad Al Thani, Emir of the State of Qatar, and his National Sports Day initiative, we integrated Sports Day in our CSR agenda. This occasion is an excellent way to encourage our employees to strive for physical wellbeing, which is important for their performance on the professional and personal fronts. It is also in line with the Human Development Pillar of the Qatar National Vision 2030. Alfardan Group's management, employees and their families congregated at the Ali Bin Hamad Al Attiyah Arena to celebrate this event and compete in the final games. They displayed their team spirit and sportsmanship while exerting their best efforts to win in their respective competitions. This astounding response by our employees encourages us to continue to host the event every year with the same vigour and enthusiasm."A number of recreational activities were organized and made available to people of all ages, to ensure that everyone will have a fun and memorable experience. These activities varied from bouncy castles to game booths, which were lined up for the employees and their families for the enjoyment of both adults and children.
The Bay of Plenty risks running out of beds and care workers to look after the region's rapidly ageing population - and immigration rules are part of the problem.
Figures released by the New Zealand Aged Care Association show the region's already stretched industry will need nearly 2690 more beds in the next eight years. In that time, another 1670 caregivers will be needed - more than 200 workers a year.
Chief executive Simon Wallace said the Bay's rest home occupancy rate was above the national average at 87 to 88 per cent and "when you look at the projection to 2026, clearly, in this region, there will be a supply issue".
Wallace said New Zealanders had little interest in working in the industry despite last year's $2 billion pay equity settlement to increase pay rates by 15 to 50 per cent.
Advertisement
"Come 2020, we will have a real problem unless we get a surge in Kiwis wanting to work in the industry."
A foreigner can work three years but must move home afterwards, "regardless of whether we can find a Kiwi to do the job or not", and Wallace said immigration rules should be relaxed for the right aged care workers.
Radius Matua manager Craig Shipton said its occupancy rate was "very high" at 97 per cent and immigration was also a "real concern".
"We have wonderful overseas staff. We advertise in the hope of getting Kiwis that are passionate about the job. Sadly, it seems lacking, so the immigration policy directly impacts us."
Tauranga Mayor Greg Brownless said the aged care sector was a special field requiring the right temperament and disposition.
"With my own family, I've seen the difference that good care and good staff make. I would rather people - whether locals or foreigners - who have a heart for the elderly looking after them."
National's health spokesman Dr Jonathan Coleman said the Bay had a growing seniors population, so it was important the Government planned appropriately to meet the demand for workers.
Coleman said such plans were being made under the National government and its pay equity settlement included provisions for career development and pay raises while making caring a more attractive career.
Minister of Health David Clark was unable to respond to queries before publication.
Rapper GoA YL from North Hayward is going viral with his flawless rap track "For the Real". Witness the dazzling track of this true hip hop star on SoundCloud.
GoAYL
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags:
* Rapmusic
* Hiphop
* Latesttrack Industry:
* Music Location:
* Amarillo - Texas - US
End
-- Music is the premium form of art. Most of us love the company that has the power to provide enjoyment to both mind and soul. Hip hop and rap music is one of the most challenging music style that is associated with many other factors. To be a true hip hop star, an artist need to be versatile, rap flawlessly, have perfect sense of music and most importantly possess a very goo stage presence. Hip hop and rap music is all about speaking out loud all the things that require true guts and courage.SoundCloud site is the most prominent music sharing site that has given a whole new dimension to hip hop and rap genre like never before. The modern culture, lifestyles are influencing more youths to break their silence and speak about topics that are not easy to convey. Rapping is one art form that is highly influential and inspiring and unfolds things about various things. Talented rapper GoA YL has already stunned fans with his terrific hip hop and rap tracks. This charming stud is again back with another club banger track "For the Real" fans will love to add it in their playlist.GoA YL has many popular rap tracks in his music gallery. All of the tracks reveal his hi end rapping style narrated in a powerful way. Some of the tracks that have gained huge popularity in SoundCloud are "GoA Party", "How I Come", "Monster" all of which are the perfect party banger tracks. GoA has also teamed up with other artists in the tracks like "On Mme" with Yung droop, "Don't Be a Playa with ScottieNoPipen.The latest track "For the Real" is an amazing rap anthem by GoA YL that clearly reveals his rap skills. Music fans stay tuned to the tracks of GoA YL on SoundCloud.
JACKSON, Miss. (AP) — The Latest on a Mississippi law banning most abortions after 15 weeks (all times local):
5 p.m.
Opponents of a new Mississippi law banning most abortions after 15 weeks of gestation have filed a lawsuit.
The state's only abortion clinic and one of the physicians who practice there filed the federal suit Monday in Jackson, an hour after Gov. Phil Bryant signed the measure into law.
Advertisement
In a lawsuit handled by the Center of Reproductive Rights, the Jackson Women's Health Organization says the measure is unconstitutional and should immediately be struck down.
The suit says the clinic performed 78 abortions in 2017 when the fetus was identified as being 15 weeks or older. That's out of about 2,500 abortions performed statewide, mostly at the clinic.
The lawsuit challenges House Bill 1510, saying federal courts have ruled women have the right to an abortion before a fetus can live on its own outside the womb. The Mississippi measure is specifically designed to challenge those rulings, trying to get courts to rule states can restrict abortion before viability.
4:30 p.m.
Mississippi's governor says that by enacting a law that bans most abortions after 15 weeks of gestation, the state is "saving more of the unborn than any state in America, and what better thing can we do?"
Republican Gov. Phil Bryant made the comments while he signed the law Monday in a closed ceremony, according to a video his office posted to social media.
House Speaker Philip Gunn was present for Bryant's signing. He told The Associated Press he is proud Mississippi is taking steps to protect "the most vulnerable of human life:" the unborn. House Bill 1510 became law immediately upon Bryant's signature.
Lt. Gov. Tate Reeves said in an emailed statement that the law is a major step toward accomplishing Mississippi's goal to protect the lives of the unborn. Echoing a phrase Bryant often uses, Reeves added that he is committed to making the state "the safest place in America for an unborn child."
3:50 p.m.
Mississippi's governor has signed the nation's tightest abortion restrictions into law.
Republican Gov. Phil Bryant signed House Bill 1510 on Monday afternoon. It becomes law immediately and bans most abortions after 15 weeks of gestation. Bryant has frequently said he wants Mississippi to be the "safest place in America for an unborn child."
The law's only exceptions are if a fetus has health problems making it "incompatible with life" outside of the womb at full term, or if a pregnant woman's life or a "major bodily function" is threatened by pregnancy. Pregnancies resulting from rape and incest aren't exempted.
Abortion rights advocates are calling the law unconstitutional because it limits abortion before fetuses can live outside the womb. The owner of Mississippi's only abortion clinic opposes the law and has pledged to sue.
Thousands of People Seek Services of a Fort Worth SEO Expert But Chances of Finding the Best Search Engine Optimization Specialist in Fort Worth Texas Could Be Challenging
End
-- It's generally understood that when someone's website does not rank on the first page of Google it does not exist in the online world. It is also known that a non-existing website does not receive visitors, also known as traffic, and therefore sales revenue is totally absent.In order to compensate for the lack of website traffic and sales some people take matters in their own hands attempting to position their site higher in Google. But end up with nothing or spending their last dollar on Google Ads (paid advertising on Google), and continue with more frustration.It's been said it's best to get a Internet marketing company that is experienced, and actually specializes in the technical area of search engine optimization, to gain all the traffic available for the client with the capability of actually ranking at the top of the result pages for keyword or key phrase searches. But locating the SEO company that's top in the field of ranking websites is another issue entirely.One of the main aspects that Internet marketers use to get exposure for them-self, so people in need of their SEO services know that they exist, is to advertise on the Internet.Google, the most widely used search engine on the internet, has determined the price of the searched term "Fort Worth SEO Expert", for example, to be set at whatever price obtainable. Admittedly this is a small charge to pay until it's understood how staggering high the cost becomes when the actual charges from these search engine companies are all tallied for the end of the month. Here's how the whole process of internet advertising works:When someone clicks on their paid ad they are forwarded to the owner's website and the owner is charged per click. Now just imagine multiplying every single mouse click by the thousands of people clicking the ads each month and the expense can be crippling to the marketing office.Those marketing or SEO agencies are spending lots of money on internet advertising to get on the first page of the search engines, primarily Google. They want to be seen as the most skilled, experienced and most recognized in the eyes of the public in the field of search engine optimizing.But even so, that doesn't guarantee people will actually choose them because they don't stand out from the rest of the businesses. There's nothing that shows they're any better than the other Fort Worth SEO companies. After all, anyone can "pay" for ads to be found on the internet. It's become nothing but a popularity contest, spending more and more money hoping someone will notice.What people want and talk about is not the credentials but ranking results, which is the deciding factor that makes them different and more qualified to help a client in their own particular specialty or niche market. This is the one single message that everyone is waiting to see from the messenger.So how is this important credibility substantiated on the internet?The search engines must voluntarily place (without charge) a website on the front page if deemed worthy, also known as organic free traffic. Once placed in that top position on the front page the SEO firm's credentials jump out considerably. Of which gives them the credibility as having the best seo expert for ranking websites in Fort Worth Texas and are therefore given the recognition they need and deserve to be seen.These highly technical marketers are the same people that are secretly making lofty incomes online by ranking websites on the first page of Google and redirecting large amounts of traffic to their websites, and generating sales and revenue that otherwise would be non-existent.So the important question arises: "If a seo company is unable to rank their own website then how can they rank your website"?The bottom line is what better proof of being a SEO expert than ranking their own website on Google's 1st page? So when assistance is sought consider clicking the website links that are not advertisements but are the free organic results that Google determines is the most authoritative and relevant for you. Get the best seo expert in Fort Worth Texas to help you, contact: http://www.mass- traffic-solutions.com
Carrick Rangers are mourning the loss of their 1976 Irish Cup winning skipper George Matchett.
Matchett and his teammates secured their place in sporting history after the Taylor's Avenue outfit's giant-killing feat over Linfield.
George was the on the field leader during a particularly successful period for the club which saw them lifting four B Division titles and back to back Intermediate Cups in 1976 and ‘77.
That famous win over Linfield, under player-manager Jimmy Brown, earned Rangers European Cup Winners Cup football too.
Again they gave fans memories to talk about for decades to come, progressing against Aris Luxembourg to set up a tie with Manchester United's FA cup final conquerors, Southampton, who included household names such as Mick Channon and Peter Osgood.
Leading tributes to their former captain, Carrick Rangers said he was “a stalwart of the side in 1975 who went the entire league campaign unbeaten”.
“Known as a fearsome competitor and leader, George began his career at Linfield and moved to Bangor before joining Rangers in 1972 where he remained until the end of the decade and ultimately finished his playing career at Moyola Park.
“Maintaining a love for the game, George took up a coaching role and returned to Windsor Park, under Roy Coyle.
“It did not come as a surprise, when in 2014, George was selected as a member of Carrick Rangers The Greatest Ever XI to celebrate the club's 75th anniversary.”
At a gala evening in Carrick Town Hall to mark the 35th anniversary of that Irish Cup triumph, George spoke of a “real bond” in the camp.
Carrick Rangers added: “Everyone at the club is deeply saddened to lose such a player, leader and friend and would like to wish our condolences to the Matchett family circle.”
A Service of Thanksgiving for George Matchett, who died on May 25, will be held tomorrow (Thursday) at 10.30am in Church of the Annunciation, Knocknagoney, followed by committal in Roselawn cemetery.
See also: https://www.carrickfergustimes.co.uk/sport/football/football-remembering-the-glory-days-1-3164831
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get What's On updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A major expansion of the Belfry hotel and golf resort which includes a water park has moved a step closer after local councillors backed the project.
North Warwickshire Borough Council's planning committee backed the proposals 'in principle' and it will now go to the secretary of state for final approval.
The redevelopment includes a new indoor pool, water park and additional hotel rooms at the venue near Sutton Coldfield but will see an end to the Bel Air nightclub which will be converted into a luxury spa.
A date for its closure will not be announced until after the final hurdle has been cleared with the Government.
There will also be a new 500-seat conference facility, which will be able to hold up to 700 guests for banqueting and ballroom functions, and an additional 112 hotel bedrooms, 40 of which will be connected to the spa to operated by leisure firm Espa.
The venue, famous for hosting the Ryder Cup golf tournament, currently has 320 bedrooms and the redevelopment is expected to create 100 new jobs.
Other existing facilities include restaurants, a spa, leisure and fitness club and meeting space.
The water park will be designed by WTI which is behind several similar developments in the US, Europe and Australia including at a hotel on the Alton Towers leisure park in Staffordshire.
The Bel Air nightclub was the scene of a New Year's Eve stabbing two years ago.
Ian Kettlewell, a director at planning consultancy Lichfields which worked on the proposal on behalf of KSL Capital Partners, said: "We are pleased with the outcome and the support the application has received from North Warwickshire Borough Council and the local community."
Last year, The Belfry won the overall company of the year title at the Birmingham Post Business Awards.
ABUJA, March 30 Nigeria will send its Petroleum Industry Governance Bill to the senate for consideration on April 24, a spokesman for Senate President Bukola Saraki said on Thursday.
The bill is the latest step in a decade-long attempt to reform the country's oil sector. (Reporting by Camillus Eboh and Alexis Akwagyiram; Writing by Paul Carsten; Editing by David Goodman)
Despite playing only 14 games this season, Aaron Donald did enough to earn the highest defensive award in the NFL.
On Saturday, Donald was named Defensive Player of the Year.
He's the first player in Rams history to win the award, doing so with 11 sacks and an NFL-high 91 quarterback pressures. According to Gregg Rosenthal, Donald received 23 first-place votes, followed by Calais Campbell with 17 and Chandler Jones with five.
Voting was close: Aaron Donald 23, Calais Campbell 17 and Chandler Jones 5. Cam Jordan, Harrison Smith, DeMarcus Lawrence, Xavier Rhodes (!?) and Bobby Wagner each got a vote. — Gregg Rosenthal (@greggrosenthal) February 3, 2018
Donald is the first defensive tackle to win the award since Warren Sapp, who took home the honor in 1999. This season, he forced five fumbles, which was a career high.
Donald on being the first DT since Sapp to win AP DPOY: "That's one of the best to ever do it. For my name to be next to that guy's name is beyond a blessing." — Myles Simmons (@MylesASimmons) February 3, 2018
“It's a dream come true,” Donald said during his acceptance speech. “This is what you dream about as a kid, playing in the NFL.”
What makes Donald's season even more impressive is the fact that he racked up these huge numbers from a new position. It was his first year in a 3-4 scheme under Wade Phillips, which brought into question how dominant he would be at the start of the season — especially after missing training camp and the preseason.
With regards to his impending contract situation, Donald just gained a whole bunch of negotiating power. The fact that he was unequivocally the best defensive player in the NFL this past season should make it far easier to earn that massive contract extension in Los Angeles.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A “THOROUGHLY dishonest” administration assistant used a company credit card to order more than £4,500 worth of make-up, fake tan and other beauty products, a court has been told.
Anna Clancy, daughter of Birmingham City Council leader John Clancy, allegedly made around 150 fraudulent transactions using the card over a 14-month period to order items for herself from Amazon, Birmingham Magistrates Court heard.
She also allegedly splashed the cash on hair straighteners, music speakers, trainers, perfume and wigs.
Clancy, 28, of Wheats Avenue, Harborne, denies a charge of fraud.
Colin Charvill, prosecuting, said Clancy began working for advertising and creative agency OWB in Fazeley Street, Digbeth in July 2014.
“She was employed as an administrative assistant.
“The Crown say during the course of her employment she was in breach of the trust given to her by the company in relation to a credit card.
“In her role as an administrative assistant she was authorised to order items that were required by the company - stationery, printer cartridges - stuff that would be used by the company in the office.
“She went beyond that and used the credit card on many occasions to purchase goods for herself, various different sorts of items, certainly not items that could be used by the company.
“This went on between August 2014 and October 2015.”
He said she stopped working for the company in March 2015 yet continued to use the card to purchase items for herself for six months.
“The Crown say her activities were thoroughly dishonest and that they were discovered when the company bookkeeper undertook an audit of the company accounts and discovered what were described as unauthorised transactions.”
He said the goods had initially been sent to OWB but were later directed to her home address.
Mr Charvill said there had been around 150 dishonest transactions.
“The transactions amounted to quite considerable sum of money and she must have known she was not paying for these goods from her own bank account,” he added.
Shari Bryan, a director of the company, said that their bookkeeper had told her about an “excessive” amount of transactions on the Amazon account which had “immediately raised alarm bells” and that Clancy was the only one in the company who could have been responsible for them.
She said Clancy was “absolutely not” authorised to use the card to make purchases for herself.
Magistrates adjourned the case until August 23.
Britain's counter-terrorism chief said on Wednesday that two people who are critically ill in hospital in Wiltshire were exposed to the Novichok nerve agent, the same toxin that was used in an attack on Russian former spy Sergei Skripal.
The man and woman, both British and in their 40s, were found unwell at a house in Amesbury on Saturday, close to Salisbury where Mr Skripal and his daughter Yulia were poisoned with the nerve agent in March.
Amesbury Metropolitan Police Assistant Commissioner Neil Basu said it was line of inquiry over whether this incident was linked to the poisoning of the Skripals.
He said there was no intelligence to indicate that the man and woman were deliberately targeted.
Mr Basu also told reporters police did not yet know how the Novichok nerve agent was transmitted.
He said the risk to the public was low and gave assurances that site which have already been decontaminated are safe.
Earlier, deputy chief constable Paul Mills of Wiltshire Police said the pair remained in a critical condition.
He said at least five different areas had been cordoned off, including a park and a property in Salisbury, and a pharmacy and a Baptist church community centre in Amesbury.
Britain blamed the poisoning of the Skripals on Russia, prompting a serious diplomatic crisis between Moscow and western states. Russia denied any involvement.
Prime minister Theresa May's spokesman said the government's emergency response committee had met to discuss the incident and would meet again on Wednesday evening.
Mr Mills said emergency services were called on Saturday morning to a house in Amesbury after the woman collapsed and returned later in the day when the man also fell ill. – Reuters
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
The Santa Barbara County Board of Supervisors will be asked Tuesday to craft an ordinance banning single-use plastic bags in the county's unincorporated areas.
The supervisors are being asked by staff to come up with a draft ordinance, as well as how the ordinance would be enforced.
Approximately 658 million single-use bags are used annually within Santa Barbara and Ventura counties each year, according to a county staff report.
Because there is no statewide ban on single-use bags, local governments have tackled bans on their own, and more than 75 jurisdictions in the state have adopted ordinances restricting single-use bags.
Last week, the Los Angeles City Council voted to ban single-use plastic bags in grocery stores and pharmacies, making it the largest city in the country to enact such a ban.
Santa Barbara County is a member of the Beach Erosion Authority for Clean Oceans and Nourishment, or BEACON, a group of municipalities that shared the cost of an environmental impact report. The EIR was needed to protect the governments from litigation and included all of Ventura and Santa Barbara County, with the exception of Ojai and Carpinteria, which had previously implemented bans on single use bags.
If an ordinance is agreed upon Tuesday, it would come back before the board for final approval at the end of the summer.
The EIR was based on the City of Santa Barbara's draft ordinance, which would require grocery retail stores to charge a minimum of 10 cents for recyclable paper bags and prohibit the free distribution of paper or plastic bags. Shoppers would either have to pay for their paper bags or bring their own reusable bags to carry their groceries if the ordinance is put in place.
Santa Barbara County would also need to be named the lead agency on BEACON's EIR document, and that process of public review, responding to comments and preparing the final draft would take a minimum of five months, according to the staff report.
The board already has approved $35,000 from the county's general fund to develop the ordinance and modify the EIR.
Tuesday's board meeting is scheduled to begin at 9 a.m. in the Board Hearing Room of the County Administration Building, 105 E. Anapamu St. in Santa Barbara.
— Noozhawk staff writer Lara Cooper can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
SHANGHAI, April 28 China's main stock indexes were little changed on Friday but posted the worst month of the year on fears that regulators will step up their latest crackdown on riskier types of financing and speculation, and on lingering worries over economic growth.
While China's regulatory enforcement has tended to wax and wane in the past, investors fear there may be no let up in the latest campaign after President Xi Jinping made a rare speech this week on financial stability.
Xi called on Tuesday for increased efforts to ward off systemic risks to help maintain financial security, the official Xinhua news agency said.
"We think it sends an important signal to support the ongoing tightening of financial regulation and enforcement," Citi wrote in a recent note.
The blue-chip CSI300 index fell 0.2 percent, to 3,439.75 points, while the Shanghai Composite Index edged up 0.1 percent to 3,154.66 points.
For the week, the CSI300 fell 0.8 percent, while SSEC lost 0.6 percent, both down for the third straight week.
For the month, the CSI300 was down 0.5 percent, while SSEC lost 2.1 percent.
Chinese fund managers have trimmed their suggested equity exposure for the next three months to the lowest in 6 months, according to a monthly Reuters poll.
Sustained efforts by authorities to wring excessive leverage from the system could tighten liquidity and sour investors' sentiment further, said Zhang Gang, an analyst with China Central Securities, while adding he did not see further substantial losses for stocks.
China watchers have generally expected another modest increase in short-term interest rates by the central bank around June, but see no aggressive or politically sensitive tightening moves ahead of a major leadership transition later in the year.
Still, the People's Bank of China (PBOC) and other regulators have ramped up the pressure on a number of fronts as they look to contain financial risks after years of debt-fueled stimulus.
The PBOC has drained 815 billion yuan ($118.21 billion) on a net basis from money markets via open market operations so far this year, but has stepped in and injected funds from time to time when markets appeared to be growing too stressed.
The economy has been another concern, with investors worrying growth could have peaked in the first quarter and may slow during the rest of the year.
China will release official April factory and service sector activity readings on Sunday. Analysts expect manufacturing expanded for the ninth straight month but at a slower pace.
Sector performance was mixed on Friday. Losses were led by defensive plays, in particular consumer and healthcare stocks, as investors took profits after a strong rally. ($1 = 6.8943 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Luoyan Liu and John Ruwitch; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore)
Hi-Rez Studios is hiring a inspired Weapons Modeler to work at our studio in Alpharetta, Georgia, on an unannounced project.
At Hi-Rez, you will have an opportunity to be part of an innovative environment that embraces new and different ideas. We are a passionate and enthusiastic bunch who love video games. We have incredibly talented individuals who are empowered to create, & challenged to learn. All of this means more opportunities for you to unleash your ingenuity, energy, collaboration, and dedication.
Come join the creator of the critically acclaimed SMITE, Paladins, Tribes: Ascend, and Global Agenda as we embark on exciting new online game projects.
What our Weapon & Hardsurface Modelers do:
Create fully functional and visually appealing weapon/hardsurface models
Work within defined technical constraints
Closely follow art and design concepts to meet the established art style
Contribute to the creative process through original ideas and inspiration
Participate in critiquing your work and the work of other artists
Excellent work ethic, self-motivation, and ability to take constructive feedback
Who we are looking for:
Proficiency with industry software tools & pipelines (3dsmax, Zbrush, Photoshop, Maya, etc.)
In depth knowledge of weapon/hardsurface modeling as related to game development
Ability to re-create photo realistic weapons and other hard surface props, with a meticulous attention to detail
Excellent sculpting skills in Zbrush
Excellent Hard Surface modeling skills
Strong understanding of workflows and techniques in regards to first person weapons
Strong grasp of form, scale and proportion
A keen eye for design in regards to weapons and hard surface elements
Ability to work collaboratively and communicate with multiple teams
Ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment
Even better candidates:
Detroit muscle cars from the 1964-1972 period are much beloved today because of their absurd overkill in the horsepower, hood scoop, and wild-graphics departments. When enthusiasts begin restoring the trucks of the 1990s-2000s SUV craze, what criteria will they choose when deciding on the most iconic examples of the breed? Absurdity will be all-important, and for an SUV that boils down to one factor: size. That makes the Ford Excursion as significant as, say, the 1970 Chevrolet Chevelle SS 454, and with that in mind we have this week's Junkyard Gem : a first-year-of-production, nearly-four-ton Excursion XLT.So hefty that it was exempt from fuel-economy ratings, the Excursion became a potent symbol of the Culture Wars, a defiant middle finger upraised in the faces of freedom-loathing nanny-staters who believed that natural resources might not be infinite.This one has the extremely thirsty Triton V10, rated at 310 horsepower. Someone needs to rescue this engine and swap it into a Crown Victoria Police Interceptor!The Excursion was so big that it was a headache to drive and park in the real world, and sales plummeted after a pretty good introductory year. After 2005, the Excursion was no more.These trucks were great tow vehicles, though the F250 Super Duty pickup (which served as the basis for the Excursion) was a lot cheaper. Those who were serious about towing got the Powerstroke diesel engine instead of the V8 or V8 gasoline engines.This one has some bits that Ford truck owners might want to grab, before the cold steel jaws of The Crusher bite down on this piece of American automotive history
Shorts at High Noon, a program produced by the Beaufort Film Society will return in May. Screenings to be held during the months of May and June at the Technical College of the Lowcountry in Beaufort, SC.
SHORTS AT HIGH NOON
Media Contact
Ron Tucker
***@gmail.com
843-522-3196 Ron Tucker843-522-3196
End
-- Shorts at High Noon, the very successful short film program produced by the Beaufort Film Society, will return in May.stated Ron Tucker, President of the Beaufort Film Society.The Beaufort Film Society presents films from its vast collection of short films, student films and animation films. The collection consists of submissions to the Beaufort International Film Festival over the last twelve years, from 2007 to present and contains everything from audience favorites to category winners.The film program consists usually of at least one short, one animation and one student film. The weekly program is always one hour long, so each film had to be chosen carefully for time limits as well as content.All screenings will take place at the Technical College of the Lowcountry, 921 Ribaut Road, Building 12/Auditorium, Beaufort, SC from noon to 1:00 pm each Wednesday in May and June. (Exception: No screening May 9th). Arrive early as check in time will be 11:30am. Admission is FREE.For more information about Shorts at High Noon or the Beaufort International Film Festival please visit beaufortfilmfestival.com . All Press Inquiries contact Ron Tucker at beaufortfilm@ gmail.com The Beaufort Film Society (BFS) is a nonprofit, 501(c)(3), member-supported organization, dedicated to providing the highest levels of entertainment and education to the public from all areas of the film industry
The recently published report titled Global Sagnac Interferometer Industry 2018 Market Research Report is an in depth study providing complete analysis of the industry for the period 2018 – 2025. It provides complete overview of Global Sagnac Interferometer considering all the major industry trends, market dynamics and competitive scenario.
The Global Sagnac Interferometer Industry Report 2018 is an in depth study analyzing the current state of the Global Sagnac Interferometer. It provides brief overview of the market focusing on definitions, market segmentation, end-use applications and industry chain analysis. The study on Global Sagnac Interferometer provides analysis of China market covering the industry trends, recent developments in the market and competitive landscape. Competitive analysis includes competitive information of leading players in China market, their company profiles, product portfolio, capacity, production, and company financials. In addition, report also provides upstream raw material analysis and downstream demand analysis along with the key development trends and sales channel analysis. Research study on Global Sagnac Interferometer also discusses the opportunity areas for investors.
The report provides key statistics on the state of the industry and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals interested in the market.
Click Here To Get Request Sample: http://globalqyresearch.com/download-sample/353501
Reasons to Buy this Report
The research report will enrich your decision-making capability by helping you to –
Design and improve your product development and sales strategies and enhancing your marketing activities
Develop business strategies by understanding the market dynamics and developments driving the Global Sagnac Interferometer
Develop market-entry strategies and effective ways to sustain competition
Create merger and acquisition opportunities by identifying the market players with the most innovative pipelines
Identify the regional market potential which would further help in designing regional market strategies
Understand the competitive scenario in the Global Sagnac Interferometer
Take more informed business decisions by relying on the insightful opinions from industry experts
Why Global QY Research ?
Technically acclaimed Analysts with complete industry knowhow
Robust research methodology followed by our publishers to arrive at market estimates
Focus on technology trends
Extensive repository of market research reports meeting our client's needs
Based on extensive research, we provide clear view of real market scenario and help clients with making informed business decisions
Ask Query Here:Jay@globalqyresearch.com or Sales@globalqyresearch.com
Table of Contents
Global Sagnac Interferometer Market Professional Survey Report 2018
1 Industry Overview of Sagnac Interferometer
1.1 Definition and Specifications of Sagnac Interferometer
1.1.1 Definition of Sagnac Interferometer
1.1.2 Specifications of Sagnac Interferometer
1.2 Classification of Sagnac Interferometer
1.2.1 Multifunction
1.2.2 Monofunctional
1.3 Applications of Sagnac Interferometer
1.3.1 Physics and Astronomy
1.3.2 Engineering and Applied Science
1.3.3 Biology and Medicine
1.4 Market Segment by Regions
1.4.1 North America
1.4.2 China
1.4.3 Europe
1.4.4 Southeast Asia
1.4.5 Japan
1.4.6 India
2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Sagnac Interferometer
2.1 Raw Material and Suppliers
2.2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Sagnac Interferometer
2.3 Manufacturing Process Analysis of Sagnac Interferometer
2.4 Industry Chain Structure of Sagnac Interferometer
3 Technical Data and Manufacturing Plants Analysis of Sagnac Interferometer
3.1 Capacity and Commercial Production Date of Global Sagnac Interferometer Major Manufacturers in 2016
3.2 Manufacturing Plants Distribution of Global Sagnac Interferometer Major Manufacturers in 2016
3.3 R&D Status and Technology Source of Global Sagnac Interferometer Major Manufacturers in 2016
3.4 Raw Materials Sources Analysis of Global Sagnac Interferometer Major Manufacturers in 2016
4 Global Sagnac Interferometer Overall Market Overviews
4.1 2012-2017E Overall Market Analysis
4.2 Capacity Analysis
4.2.1 2012-2017E Global Sagnac Interferometer Capacity and Growth Rate Analysis
4.2.2 2016 Sagnac Interferometer Capacity Analysis (Company Segment)
4.3 Sales Analysis
4.3.1 2012-2017E Global Sagnac Interferometer Sales and Growth Rate Analysis
4.3.2 2016 Sagnac Interferometer Sales Analysis (Company Segment)
4.4 Sales Price Analysis
4.4.1 2012-2017E Global Sagnac Interferometer Sales Price
4.4.2 2016 Sagnac Interferometer Sales Price Analysis (Company Segment)
5 Sagnac Interferometer Regional Market Analysis
5.1 North America Sagnac Interferometer Market Analysis
5.1.1 North America Sagnac Interferometer Market Overview
5.1.2 North America 2012-2017E Sagnac Interferometer Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis
5.1.3 North America 2012-2017E Sagnac Interferometer Sales Price Analysis
5.1.4 North America 2016 Sagnac Interferometer Market Share Analysis
5.2 China Sagnac Interferometer Market Analysis
5.2.1 China Sagnac Interferometer Market Overview
5.2.2 China 2012-2017E Sagnac Interferometer Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis
5.2.3 China 2012-2017E Sagnac Interferometer Sales Price Analysis
5.2.4 China 2016 Sagnac Interferometer Market Share Analysis
5.3 Europe Sagnac Interferometer Market Analysis
5.3.1 Europe Sagnac Interferometer Market Overview
5.3.2 Europe 2012-2017E Sagnac Interferometer Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis
5.3.3 Europe 2012-2017E Sagnac Interferometer Sales Price Analysis
5.3.4 Europe 2016 Sagnac Interferometer Market Share Analysis
5.4 Southeast Asia Sagnac Interferometer Market Analysis
5.4.1 Southeast Asia Sagnac Interferometer Market Overview
5.4.2 Southeast Asia 2012-2017E Sagnac Interferometer Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis
5.4.3 Southeast Asia 2012-2017E Sagnac Interferometer Sales Price Analysis
5.4.4 Southeast Asia 2016 Sagnac Interferometer Market Share Analysis
5.5 Japan Sagnac Interferometer Market Analysis
5.5.1 Japan Sagnac Interferometer Market Overview
5.5.2 Japan 2012-2017E Sagnac Interferometer Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis
5.5.3 Japan 2012-2017E Sagnac Interferometer Sales Price Analysis
5.5.4 Japan 2016 Sagnac Interferometer Market Share Analysis
5.6 India Sagnac Interferometer Market Analysis
5.6.1 India Sagnac Interferometer Market Overview
5.6.2 India 2012-2017E Sagnac Interferometer Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis
5.6.3 India 2012-2017E Sagnac Interferometer Sales Price Analysis
5.6.4 India 2016 Sagnac Interferometer Market Share Analysis
6 Global 2012-2017E Sagnac Interferometer Segment Market Analysis (by Type)
6.1 Global 2012-2017E Sagnac Interferometer Sales by Type
6.2 Different Types of Sagnac Interferometer Product Interview Price Analysis
6.3 Different Types of Sagnac Interferometer Product Driving Factors Analysis
6.3.1 Multifunction of Sagnac Interferometer Growth Driving Factor Analysis
6.3.2 Monofunctional of Sagnac Interferometer Growth Driving Factor Analysis
7 Global 2012-2017E Sagnac Interferometer Segment Market Analysis (by Application)
7.1 Global 2012-2017E Sagnac Interferometer Consumption by Application
7.2 Different Application of Sagnac Interferometer Product Interview Price Analysis
7.3 Different Application of Sagnac Interferometer Product Driving Factors Analysis
7.3.1 Physics and Astronomy of Sagnac Interferometer Growth Driving Factor Analysis
7.3.2 Engineering and Applied Science of Sagnac Interferometer Growth Driving Factor Analysis
7.3.3 Biology and Medicine of Sagnac Interferometer Growth Driving Factor Analysis
8 Major Manufacturers Analysis of Sagnac Interferometer
8.1 Agilent(Keysight)
8.1.1 Company Profile
8.1.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.1.2.1 Product A
8.1.2.2 Product B
8.1.3 Agilent(Keysight) 2016 Sagnac Interferometer Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis
8.1.4 Agilent(Keysight) 2016 Sagnac Interferometer Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.2 Renishaw
8.2.1 Company Profile
8.2.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.2.2.1 Product A
8.2.2.2 Product B
8.2.3 Renishaw 2016 Sagnac Interferometer Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis
8.2.4 Renishaw 2016 Sagnac Interferometer Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.3 Zygo
8.3.1 Company Profile
8.3.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.3.2.1 Product A
8.3.2.2 Product B
8.3.3 Zygo 2016 Sagnac Interferometer Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis
8.3.4 Zygo 2016 Sagnac Interferometer Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.4 TOSEI Eng
8.4.1 Company Profile
8.4.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.4.2.1 Product A
8.4.2.2 Product B
8.4.3 TOSEI Eng 2016 Sagnac Interferometer Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis
8.4.4 TOSEI Eng 2016 Sagnac Interferometer Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.5 Haag-Streit group
8.5.1 Company Profile
8.5.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.5.2.1 Product A
8.5.2.2 Product B
8.5.3 Haag-Streit group 2016 Sagnac Interferometer Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis
8.5.4 Haag-Streit group 2016 Sagnac Interferometer Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.6 OptoTechand
8.6.1 Company Profile
8.6.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.6.2.1 Product A
8.6.2.2 Product B
8.6.3 OptoTechand 2016 Sagnac Interferometer Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis
8.6.4 OptoTechand 2016 Sagnac Interferometer Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.7 Status Pro
8.7.1 Company Profile
8.7.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.7.2.1 Product A
8.7.2.2 Product B
8.7.3 Status Pro 2016 Sagnac Interferometer Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis
8.7.4 Status Pro 2016 Sagnac Interferometer Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.8 CTRI
8.8.1 Company Profile
8.8.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.8.2.1 Product A
8.8.2.2 Product B
8.8.3 CTRI 2016 Sagnac Interferometer Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis
8.8.4 CTRI 2016 Sagnac Interferometer Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.9 API
8.9.1 Company Profile
8.9.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.9.2.1 Product A
8.9.2.2 Product B
8.9.3 API 2016 Sagnac Interferometer Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis
8.9.4 API 2016 Sagnac Interferometer Business Region Distribution Analysis
8.10 JENAer
8.10.1 Company Profile
8.10.2 Product Picture and Specifications
8.10.2.1 Product A
8.10.2.2 Product B
8.10.3 JENAer 2016 Sagnac Interferometer Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis
8.10.4 JENAer 2016 Sagnac Interferometer Business Region Distribution Analysis
9 Development Trends of Analysis of Sagnac Interferometer Market
9.1 Global Sagnac Interferometer Market Trend Analysis
9.1.1 Global 2017-2022 Sagnac Interferometer Market Size (Volume and Value) Forecast
9.1.2 Global 2017-2022 Sagnac Interferometer Sales Price Forecast
9.2 Sagnac Interferometer Regional Market Trend
9.2.1 North America 2017-2022 Sagnac Interferometer Consumption Forecast
9.2.2 China 2017-2022 Sagnac Interferometer Consumption Forecast
9.2.3 Europe 2017-2022 Sagnac Interferometer Consumption Forecast
9.2.4 Southeast Asia 2017-2022 Sagnac Interferometer Consumption Forecast
9.2.5 Japan 2017-2022 Sagnac Interferometer Consumption Forecast
9.2.6 India 2017-2022 Sagnac Interferometer Consumption Forecast
9.3 Sagnac Interferometer Market Trend (Product Type)
9.4 Sagnac Interferometer Market Trend (Application)
10 Sagnac Interferometer Marketing Type Analysis
10.1 Sagnac Interferometer Regional Marketing Type Analysis
10.2 Sagnac Interferometer International Trade Type Analysis
10.3 Traders or Distributors with Contact Information of Sagnac Interferometer by Region
10.4 Sagnac Interferometer Supply Chain Analysis
11 Consumers Analysis of Sagnac Interferometer
11.1 Consumer 1 Analysis
11.2 Consumer 2 Analysis
11.3 Consumer 3 Analysis
11.4 Consumer 4 Analysis
12 Conclusion of the Global Sagnac Interferometer Market Professional Survey Report 2017
Methodology
Analyst Introduction
Data Source
To Purchase this Premium Report: http://globalqyresearch.com/checkout-form/0/353501
About Us:
Global QYResearch is the one spot destination for all your research needs. Global QYResearch holds the repository of quality research reports from numerous publishers across the globe. Our inventory of research reports caters to various industry verticals including Healthcare, Information and Communication Technology (ICT), Technology and Media, Chemicals, Materials, Energy, Heavy Industry, etc. With the complete information about the publishers and the industries they cater to for developing market research reports, we help our clients in making purchase decision by understanding their requirements and suggesting the best possible collection matching their needs.
Contact Us:
Unit1, 26 Cleveland Road, South Woodford, London, E182AN, United Kingdom
Contact: +44 20 3239 2407
There are plenty of things to do this weekend and we know how much you love our handy what's on guide – so here's another!
To get your weekend off to a bumper start, we've got ten events to tell you about.
Starting from tomorrow night and running right until Sunday afternoon, we guarantee you'll be spoilt for choice.
Have fun!
Derby Folk Festival
The Derby Folk Festival will be bringing an amazing atmosphere to the centre of Derby at the City Marquee, Market Place.
The festival was a success last year and they're looking to bring a wide range of folk artists Headliners include the Oysterband, Show of Hands and False Lights. There will also be spectacular dance displays and ceilidhs which includes fascinating folk storytelling.
The festival will take place on October 6, 7 and 8. Tickets are still available, but they're being snapped up. Ticket prices range from £24-£88 and are available on http://www.derbylive.co.uk/whats-on/derby-folk-festival/. Student discount is available.
The festival will be situated near Cooperation St, Derby, DE1 3AH.
Scarefest
Scarefest will return to Alton Towers this weekend, with bosses promising their most “spook-tacular” event ever.
The special Halloween event returns to the resort on Saturday, October 7, and to mark the build-up to Halloween, the scare mazes, zombie actors and spooky scenery will be on show until October 31.
Attractions will include Altonville Mine Tours, which "delighted and frightened visitors in equal measure" last year.
Another will be the The Welcoming: Be Chosen maze which is linked to the new wooden 'coaster being built at the park.
The Sub Species maze, set in a post-apocalyptic sewer, and industry award-winner for Scare Maze of the Year, will also return.
Younger visitors will be able to enjoy the Terror of the Towers maze while, for even younger children, the family-friendly House of Monsters scare maze is a light-hearted alternative.
For more information or to book, visit the Alton Towers website.
CQ Saturdays: Towers, Tunnels & Tales
Get your ticket for this Saturday, or any Saturday until December 2. Cathedral Quarter are now offering a historical tour that will let you admire the amazing views and their unique bells.
Richard Felix will be giving a guided tour which will take you around the historic streets of Derby. Take in the views whilst you hear about hidden secrets of the past. You never know what you might see in the tunnels under Guildhall and the Market Place.
Tickets are available for £15.50 on http://www.derbycathedralquarter.co.uk/CathedralQuarterTours. The Cathedral Quarter itself can found in Derby DE1 3GP.
Crafts Council meets Chitty Chitty Bang Bang
Derby Museum and Art Gallery are hosting The Curious Turn, presenting automata. Automata are moving mechanical sculptures that brought life to cogs.
They're magical to see and the show will take a look at key automata markers such as Rowland Emmet. Emmet created the Caractacus Potts which featured in Chitty Chitty Bang Bang (1968).
If you want a blast from the past or are interested in seeing bewitching automatas then visit the Derby Museum and Art Gallery this weekend.
The Museum is open 10am-5pm from Tuesday to Saturday and on Sunday it is open from 12-4pm. It is situated on The Strand, Derby, DE1 1BS. For more information visit https://www.derbymuseums.org/.
Great Expectations at Derby Theatre
(Image: Robert Day)
Pip's adventures propel him into trouble. A convict in a graveyard and the reclusive spinster, Miss Havisham, change Pip's fortune forever. The Dickens' original is coming back to life in Neil Bartlett adaption.
The production is being performed until October 21. Tickets are available from £9.50-£26.50 on https://www.derbytheatre.co.uk/great-expectations.
Derby Theatre is based on Theatre Walk, Derby, DE1 2NF.
Video Games Quiz
This Thursday, and every Thursday until October 26, may be the perfect time for you to show off your video game knowledge at the Quad.
Entry if free, but there are many prizes to be won. Be there at 7:30pm to prove you know the difference between Grand Theft Auto and Gran Turismo.
The Quad can be found in the Market Place, Cathedral Quarter, Derby, DE1 3AS. For more information visit http://www.derbyquad.co.uk/opening-times.aspx.
Déda Visual Arts Exhibitions
Déda are proud to present Artcore: Bridge the Gap and Geoff Machin. You can head down to the exhibition until October 28.
Have a look at Derbyshire's very own Geoff Machin's work which dates back to the 1900s and of course the two local artists, who are responding to India's 70 years of independence, with Artcore.
Déda is open from 9am-9pm from Monday to Saturday. The creative centre of dance is situated on Chapel Street, Derby, DE1 3GU and for more information go to: http://www.deda.uk.com/.
Derby Quad premieres East Midland Artist
A new exhibition, by Hetain Patel, consists of two major film works: Don't Look at the Finger (2017) and The Jump (2015).
The exhibition shows insight into the artist's captivation with staging Hollywood action scenes in domestic settings. It's absolutely mesmerising and is a must-see.
The Quad can be found in the Market Place, Cathedral Quarter, Derby, DE1 3AS. For more information visit http://www.derbyquad.co.uk/opening-times.aspx.
Dinosaurs of China
Wollaton Hall and Nottingham Lakesides Arts presents the Dinosaurs of China which is the perfect weekend activity for children.
The exhibition will feature huge dinosaurs on displays such as the Yi qi, the bat-like flying dinosaur. They are revealing specimens of dinosaurs that were only shown until China, until now.
Tickets are available from £7.70 per child and £9.90 per adult. For more information head to the Derby Live website http://www.derbylive.co.uk/whats-on/dinosaurs-of-china.
Miles Ahead Jazz Free Workshop for Children
Derby Jazz are hosting their free jazz sessions for children, this Sunday Oct 8, for children aged 10-16. The sessions will last up to three hours long on a Sunday afternoon and are led by Jeff Brown and Natalie Windsor.
You can book free tickets for the events here: https://www.derby-jazz.co.uk/book_tickets.php?id=326. The lessons will be held at the University of Derby, Markeaton Street, Derby, DE22 3BD.
CTV Vancouver
Around a dozen people had to be rescued from an apartment building in Abbotsford Friday when a fire broke out early in the morning.
About 30 firefighters were called to a 35-suite building at George Ferguson Way and Gladwin Road shortly after 2:30 a.m.
The fire started in the elevator lobby on the third floor. Some and flames blocked the hallways, so residents on the top floor could not escape. Approximately a dozen people had to be rescued from their balconies.
Everyone got out safely, including seniors and families with pets.
One resident, who escaped from the second floor with her dog, said she'd woken up to the fire alarm ringing.
"I thought it was just an alarm, so I went back to bed," Olivia Knight said.
"I looked out the window and someone told me it was a real fire. So I grab my dog and by the time we got out the windows already burst and there was glass all over the ground and pretty big flames."
Another resident said the building has seen plenty of false alarms in the past, but that this time, she saw flames coming from the roof.
"I was praying that no one was killed, because they could have been, and I am grateful that no one was killed," Judith Eade said.
Fortunately, there were no major injuries reported. A few were treated for minor smoke inhalation and one injured his shoulder while coming down the ladder, Assistant Fire Chief Jeff Adams said.
"Crews did an outstanding job, command did a great job at getting people tasked out. We got the people off the balconies and we got the fire knocked down very quickly," Adams said.
Firefighters were working to clear smoke from the building before allowing residents to return home.
Those who live on the first two floors were let back on Friday morning, but there is severe damage to the third. Charred walls had to be ripped away, and investigators spent hours combing through ash and taking photos.
Police and fire officials are investigating the cause, but said so far it does not appear to be suspicious.
With a report from CTV Vancouver's Nafeesa Karim
The center works to assist with and educate about dyslexia, attention disorders and other learning differences
In celebration of its 20 years of service in the community, the Dyslexia Awareness and Resource Center is inviting the public to an Open House from 1 to 7 p.m. Thursday, Oct. 13 at the center, 928 Carpinteria St., Suite 2 in Santa Barbara.
The mission of the center is to educate, advocate, provide resources for and raise the awareness of children, parents, students and adults about dyslexia, attention disorders and other learning differences.
During the past 20 years, the center has worked endlessly to increase the community's awareness of dyslexia, attention disorders and other learning differences and provide the means and resources to overcome these differences. The center's main focus is to assist children from moderate- and low-income/at-risk families with dyslexia, attention disorders and other learning differences.
Other services and programs that are provided to the community by the center include information, guidance and support groups for adults with dyslexia and attention disorders; advocacy training workshops for parents in search of educational or vocational help for children with dyslexia, attention disorders and other learning differences; advocacy programs for youth caught up in the juvenile justice system with undiagnosed cognitive or emotional disorders; information on dyslexia and attention disorders in Spanish; a network of state, national and international institutions making the latest medical and educational research on dyslexia, attention disorders and other learning differences available to the public; an annual Vision and the Task Conference on dyslexia and attention disorders and other learning differences and an extensive library of books, video and audio tapes, journals, and educational curricula on the subjects of dyslexia, attention disorders and other learning differences.
For more information about the center and/or the Open House, call 805.963.7339.
— Leslie Esposito represents the Dyslexia Awareness and Resource Center.
The Director of Security Service of the Federal Airport Authority of Nigeria (FAAN) Usman Sadiqu has said that he is determined to enhance professionalism and discipline in Aviation security through training and capacity building.
He said that his department have the support of the Managing Director of FAAN Enr. Saleh Dunoma to develop further with the provisions of additional equipment at various airports.
The Aviation Security (AVSEC) boss in a statement through the Corporate Affairs department and made available to aviation correspondents, explained that AVESC is lucky to have an aviation minister that is interested in rebranding and improving the directorate to meet up with international standards.
“AVSEC has come a long way with lots of impacts from the founding fathers of this noble specialty. I did find an organized and will train personnel already on ground that has systematically improved from scratch to a directorate.
“My wish is to see that standards are not lowered and that I should be able to add value where possible. The Welfare of the officers and men will also be given priority attention by me”, he stated.
Sadiq also explained that newly recruited officers of AVSEC are undergoing the mandatory STP123 which is the Basic Course at the training school, along with other specialty candidates like the Fire Service and Safety Department.
“Soon, we intend to train our new intakes in small arms. As to the impact, trainees surely will close gap and address the shortage of manpower being experienced, and professional competence and effectiveness will be enhanced in addition”, he stated.
Those of us who attended Billingshurst Choral Society's performance of Elijah were fortunate indeed.
Mendelssohn's dramatic work, based on the life of the Old Testament prophet, presents challenges to a choir: its powerful passages of angelic light through to the darkest shade demand stamina, and a disciplined and sensitive approach. Musical director Cathal Garvey more than met these challenges to inject drama, tension and narrative drive into the performance. Here was a choir well-prepared, a choir who clearly enjoy singing for their director. There was clear diction throughout, particularly notable in tightly rhythmical declamatory choruses; quiet, reflective passages were well executed adding texture and richness.
The fine quartet of soloists provided much of the emotion in this most operatic of oratorios. In particular, Paul Carey-Jones gave an Elijah of immense presence, his glorious voice and moving delivery producing an outstanding interpretation of Mendelssohn's masterpiece. William Revill sang the Youth with confidence, the purity of his voice a highlight. BCS can be proud of their achievement.
Don't miss out on all the latest breaking news where you live.
Here are four ways you can be sure you'll be amongst the first to know what's going on.
1) Make our website your homepage
2) Like our Facebook page
3) Follow us on Twitter
4) Register with us by clicking on 'sign in' (top right corner). You can then receive our daily newsletter AND add your point of view to stories that you read here.
And do share with your family and friends - so they don't miss out!
Always the first with your local news.
Be part of it.
In a rural area of Ethiopia there are stories being told about a great Kiwi woman called Jennifer who changed the lives of thousands.
She's brought water to areas that have never had it before and given hope to young women in more than five villages.
All they know about her is that her name is Jennifer and she is from a place called New Zealand and that's the way she wanted it.
So, the question remains who are Jennifer?
Jennifer is an Auckland woman who adventured around the horn of Africa in her younger days.
Before her death two-years-ago, she made a plan with UNICEF to use the profits from the sale of her estate to help fund infrastructure in poor villages in Ethiopia.
Her property sold for $2 million, a lot more than the $400,000 Jennifer originally thought the sale would raise.
Journal of Interferon & Cytokine Research
Media Contact
Kathryn Ryan
914-740-2250
kryan@liebertpub.com Kathryn Ryan914-740-2250
End
-- A new study describes how NS1, a protein produced by influenza A viruses, suppresses the body's immune responses to viral infection. Researchers present the potential to develop a live attenuated vaccine based on an engineered influenza A virus lacking NS1 and to design antiviral drugs that target NS1. The study is published infrom Mary Ann Liebert, Inc., publishers (http://www.liebertpub.com/). The article is available free on the(http://online.liebertpub.com/doi/full/10.1089/jir.2017.0032)website until September 14, 2017."Interactions Between NS1 of Influenza A Viruses and Interferon-α/β: Determinants for Vaccine Development (http://online.liebertpub.com/doi/full/10.1089/jir.2017.0032),"coauthors Ben Wang and Eleanor Fish, University Health Network and University of Toronto, Canada, examine the body's first line of defense against infectious agents such as viruses—the interferon (IFN)-α/ß response. The researchers describe the effects of IFN-α/ß on influenza A virus replication, how NS-1 inhibits IFN-α/ß production, and the potential for using IFN-α/ß or blocking NS-1 activity as a treatment for influenza A virus infection."Influenza viruses remain a major cause of human morbidity and mortality. This article suggests potential new approaches to combat these viruses," saysCo-Editor-in-Chief Ganes C. Sen, Department of Immunology, Cleveland Clinic Foundation, Cleveland, OH. http://www.liebertpub.com/ jir ) led by Co-Editors-in-Chief Ganes C. Sen, PhD and Thomas A. Hamilton, PhD, Department of Immunology, Cleveland Clinic Foundation, is an authoritative peer-reviewed journal published monthly online with open access options and in print that covers all aspects of interferons and cytokines from basic science to clinical applications.is an official journal of the International Cytokine & Interferon Society ( http://cytokinesociety.org/ ). Complete tables of content and a sample issue may be viewed on thewebsite.Mary Ann Liebert, Inc., publishers (http://www.liebertpub.com/)is a privately held, fully integrated media company known for establishing authoritative peer-reviewed journals in many promising areas of science and biomedical research, including Viral Immunology, AIDS Research and Human Retroviruses, and DNA and Cell Biology. Its biotechnology trade magazine, GEN (Genetic Engineering & Biotechnology News), was the first in its field and is today the industry's most widely read publication worldwide. A complete list of the firm's 80 journals, books, and newsmagazines is available on the Mary Ann Liebert, Inc., publishers website.
Egypt is hopeful that forward Mohamed Salah will have recovered from his shoulder injury in three weeks which would allow him to play in their final group game at the World Cup in Russia.
The 25-year-old suffered a heavy fall in a challenge with Real Madrid defender Sergio Ramos while playing for Liverpool in the Champions League final against Real Madrid on Saturday.
He left the field in tears amid serious doubts about his chances of playing for Egypt at their first World Cup since 1990.
But the Egyptian FA was more optimistic after Salah met the national team doctor in Spain.
“The [Egyptian] football association confirms once again . . . Salah will be in the World Cup, God willing, and won't be absent for more than three weeks,” it said on Twitter without giving further details.
Egypt begin their World Cup campaign against Uruguay on June 15th, before facing hosts Russia on June 19th and Saudi Arabia on June 25th.
On Sunday, Salah posted a message saying: “It was a very tough night, but I'm a fighter. Despite the odds, I'm confident that I'll be in Russia to make you all proud. Your love and support will give me the strength I need.”
Egypt reached the tournament after Salah scored a 95th-minute penalty to help them beat Congo 2-1 in October.
Earlier on Wednesday, Liverpool physiotherapist Ruben Pons was quoted by the Spanish sports paper Marca as saying that Salah would be out for up to four weeks.
“He is sad about what happened but is totally focused on recovery, seeing when he can be ready,” he said.
“In principle it will be between three and four weeks but we will try to reduce those dates, that's the big goal,” Pons added.
Salah, who scored 44 goals in a sensational first season for Liverpool after joining from AS Roma, was voted Player of the Year by the Football Writers' Association this month, completing a sweep of England's individual prizes and becoming the first African player to win the prestigious award.
“It isn't over till it's over.”
Eight-peat seeking Adamson University and La Salle taught National University and University of the East, respectively, this bitter lesson authored by baseball great Yogi Bera of the legendary n New York Yankees in Saturday's Day 2 of the UAAP Women's Softball championship at the Rizal Memorial Stadium.
Given up for lost after trailing 1-0 going into the seventh and final inning, the defending champions Lady Falcons worked behind a running bunt tactics designed by coach Ana Santiago and the heroics of second base girl Riezel Calumbres to pull off a come-from-behind 2-1 win that may well set in place their title-retention campaign.
With one out and the Lady Bulldogs needing only six pitches to become the only second team to beat the Lady Falcons in eight years, Coach Ana shouted her instructions to her batters, who filled the bags, putting the tying and go-ahead runs in scoring positions.
With that accomplished, Calum­bres did what she was supposed to do, swung at losing pitcher Mia Macapagal's first pitch, a fastball, driving home shortstop Edna Mae Severino and centerfielder Julie Bernabaye one after another ending her team's nearly four-hour wait for one big opportunity to reverse the outcome.
Severino stepped on first base on an error of the Lay Bulldogs' shortstop and advanced to second on yet another miscue by Kritne Marie Acuna. Another misplay, this time by Whel Ghene Nietes filled bases with Nichole Padasas pushing Severino to third and Bernabaye to second.
That two-run blast by Calumbres went the ball flying between center and right fields negated Nietes' perfect three-for-three at bat, including a single in the fifth that accounted for that 1-0 NU lead. The loss was NU's second straight following the Lady Bulldogs' upset loss to University of the East in Thursday opening day.
Like Adamson, La Salle needed a to run last inning attack to salvage the victory, its first in two times up. The Lady Archers lost to then the University of the Philippines Lady Maroons also last Thursday.
The Lady Warriors looked on the way to scoring their second consecutive triumphs coming from 0-2 deficit in the opening frame to show the way, 3-2, all on unearned runs after three completed innings.
Only to self-destruct in the payoff period where they committed errors after errors, including a pair in the final plays that saw the Lady Archers scored two marginal runs.
Hostilities in the UAAP baseball tournament, meanwhile, raised its curtain with a tripleheader starting at 7 a.m., also at the Rizal Memorial ballpark.
La Salle takes on Adamson in the 7 o'clock opener followed by the UST-NU set at 9 a.m. Ateneo battles UP at 1 p.m.
Rockwood Park Golf Course on Jacksboro Highway north of downtown Fort Worth will reopen Friday, June 16, 2017, after being closed since November 2015 for a major renovation by Colligan Golf Design of Arlington, Texas.
Fort Worth's Rockwood Park Golf Course will open to the public Friday after a $5.1 million reconstruction project that began in November 2015.
"It's a brand-new golf course, and it's gorgeous," Nancy Bunton, the city's assistant director of golf and athletics, said of the facility on Jackboro Highway, north of downtown Fort Worth.
The course, designed by John Bredemus in 1938, was lengthened to 7,053 yards. The renovation includes new greens, tees, fairways, bunkering, drainage and cart paths.
John Colligan and Trey Kemp of Arlington-based Colligan Golf Design began working on a master plan for the course in 2008. They used aerial photos of the course from the 1940s to help recreate the feel of the original layout.
"Hopefully, it looks more like an old-school course than a modern one," Kemp said, referring to rectangular greens and the style of bunkering.
"You're not getting an improved version of what you played before," said Whitney Rodriguez, the marketing coordinator for the Park and Recreation Department. "You're getting a brand-new golf course."
UTA's Deane wins 13th NTPGA major title
Stuart Deane shot a 4-under 68 in the final round to claim his third Prize Possessions Eastern Championship title and 13th NTPGA Section Individual Major Championship.
Deane, the director of golf at UT-Arlington, had a bogey-free round at Anna's Hurricane Creek CC and won by four shots over Hidden Creek assistant pro Greg Gregory and Oeste Ranch assistant pro Ben Kern. Gregory and Kern shot 72-70--142.
Sherrill Park head pro Ronny Glanton won the Senior Division for players 50 and over with rounds of 71-73--144, even par.
Texas Amateur tees off today at Lakewood CC
A field of 144 players will compete for the 108th Texas Amateur on Thursday-Sunday at Lakewood Country Club.
A new champion will be crowned Sunday. Frederick Wedel of The Woodlands, who won last year's tournament at Oak Hills Country Club in San Antonio, is now playing professionally.
In the field are past Texas Amateur champions Michael Cotton of Katy (2015), Doug Manor of Dallas (2013) and Zach Atkinson of Colleyville (2004).
Also entered are current Texas Mid-Amateur and Texas Four-Ball champion Josh Irving of Dallas, 2016 Byron Nelson Junior champion Levi Valadez of San Antonio, 2016 Texas State Junior champion Logan Pate of Richmond and brothers Parker and Pierceson Coody of Plano, who finished 1-2 in the final standings of the 2016 Legends Junior Tour Player of the Year race.
Ecosmob Technologies announced to offer custom call center software development services for all sized customer support centers and call centers. The company will develop SIP based call center solution based on customer requirements.
Contact
Ecosmob Technologies Pvt. Ltd.
***@ecosmob.com Ecosmob Technologies Pvt. Ltd.
End
-- Ecosmob Technologies is a leading VoIP solution provider company from India. The company has its main office in the Ahmedabad city of Gujarat, India. The company has been offering different VoIP solutions for more than 9 years. Recently, the spokesperson of the company announced about their service of custom development for SIP based Call Center Solution."For any call center or customer support center, it has been necessity that they indulge powerful infrastructure. The call center software is one of the solutions any call center must have. Because of the amazing features offered by the SIP based call center software, more and more call centers and customer support centers have started adopting it. We have years of experience in developing custom call center solution using SIP mechanism.", shared spokesperson of Ecosmob Technologies.The SIP based call center solution offers many benefits. Some of the key benefits of the SIP based call center solution are listed below:- Reduced call cost- Reduced operational cost- Increased productivity- Remote work facility- And much more"Call centers and customer centers work with the same model, still each call center or customer support center has its own unique need. We understand this and thus, we offer custom call center solution development service to our customers. We make sure to include all must have features and include the additional features which are required to match the unique need of our customers.", shared spokesperson of Ecosmob Technologies.The company will be offering the SIP based call center solution for inbound, outbound and blended call centers or customer centers. As it is a SIP based call center solution, it will have different features related to that such as:- Call routing- DNIS routing- ANI routing- Call routing based on agent skill- DID support and management- SIP trunk management- Gateway management- And moreThe call center solution will have a web based user interface to support the remote agent concept which is gaining popularity these days. Moreover, the offered call center solution will have a different user panel. As per the details shared by the spokesperson of the company, this is to ensure that the executives of different levels don't get overwhelmed with a bunch of features which they might not ever need. Also, this will make working easier as they have each feature handy with them. The call center will also provide a bunch of reports which is required for each call center or customer support center to enhance their working model.To know more about the offered SIP based call center solution, visit https://www.ecosmob.com/ contactcenter/
WISeKey International Holding SA / WISeKey Introduces INeS #Think2018, a Security Broker Solution, Designed to Secure Devices, Cloud & IOT Applications, Integrated with IBM's new Watson IoT Platform . Processed and transmitted by Nasdaq Corporate Solutions. The issuer is solely responsible for the content of this announcement.WISeKey Introduces INeS #Think2018, a Security Broker Solution, Designed to Secure Devices, Cloud & IOT Applications, Integrated with IBM's new Watson IoT PlatformINeS' integration with IBM's new Watson Internet of Things (IoT) platform which implements a "message broker" that allows the exchange of information between devices and business applications, provides additional security, authentication and data encryption using Public Key Infrastructure (PKI) technologyZUG, Switzerland, Las Vegas - March 20, 2018 - WISeKey International Holding Ltd ("WISeKey", SIX: WIHN), a leading cybersecurity and IoT company, today announced the introduction of WISeKey's Security Broker solution, called INeS. WISeKey's INeS, is a set of cloud components designed for large scale IoT applications and based on standard and proven technologies (PKI, cryptographic Root of Trust, Digital certificates).The Internet of Things will live up to its promise only if the connected devices, the data they generate, the business applications that control these devices and the services around them, can be fully trusted. In today's environment, where cyberattacks have become more common and increasingly sophisticated, there is an urgent need to fundamentally rethink the Security Stack for the IOT cloud.WISeKey's IoT security framework WISeKeyIoT is built on the use of digital certificates stored both in tamper resistant secure elements such as the WISeKey VaultIC407 and Business Applications, while INeS operates in the back-end to enable authentication of these IoT devices and Business Applications.This solution relies upon the proven ISTANA PKI platform, WISeKey's advanced solution specifically tailored to match the needs of IoT. Using state-of-the-art cryptographic algorithms, the ISTANA PKI platform is designed tomeet the highest standards to issue, manage and validate digital credentials for IoT, and is scalable to support environments with hundreds of millions of devices. Additionally, INeS features Entity Management (Identities, Group, Type, Role, Life Cycle, any custom attributes), Message Security Policy Management and Business Rules Management and it interfaces with both - the Cloud infrastructure and Business Applications.INeS is capable to remotely identify credentials and control activation, deactivation, revocation, renewal and securely provision (point to point secure update) for IOT edge devices and Business Applications.INeS' integration with IBM's new Watson Internet of Things (IoT) platform which implements a "message broker" that allows the exchange of information between devices and business applications, provides additional security, authentication and data encryption using Public Key Infrastructure (PKI) technology.This solution can be used in multiple industrial applications to: optimize productivity across industries through predictive maintenance on equipment and machinery, create truly smart homes with connected appliances, and provide critical communication between devices including self-driving cars and smart homes. The possibilities that IoT brings to the table are endless."With the introduction of INeS, WISeKey has expanded its offerings on IoT security and has become an essential component of any IoT platform. INeS is designed to help companies optimize and streamline their business and at the same time mitigate revenue loss due to confidentiality issues, liability claims, denial of service attacks and the like," said Carlos Moreno, WISeKey's Senior VP of Partnerships.About WISeKey:WISeKey (SIX Swiss Exchange: WIHN) is a leading global cybersecurity company currently deploying large scale digital identity ecosystems with a patented process. WISeKey's Swiss based cryptographic Root of Trust ("RoT") provides secure authentication and identification, in both physical and virtual environments, for the Internet of Things, Blockchain and Artificial Intelligence. The WISeKey RoT serves as a common trust anchor to ensure the integrity of online transactions among objects and between objects and people. For more information, visit www.wisekey.com.To receive WISeKey's latest news, subscribe to our Newsletter or visit the WISeKey Investors Corner.Press and investor contacts:WISeKey International Holding Ltd Company Contact: Carlos MoreiraChairman & CEOTel: +41 22 594 3000info@wisekey.com WISeKey Investor Relations (US) Contact: Lena CatiThe Equity Group Inc.Tel: +1 212 836-9611lcati@equityny.com Disclaimer:This communication expressly or implicitly contains certain forward-looking statements concerning WISeKey International Holding Ltd and its business. Such statements involve certain known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which could cause the actual results, financial condition, performance or achievements of WISeKey International Holding Ltd to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. WISeKey International Holding Ltd is providing this communication as of this date and does not undertake to update any forward-looking statements contained herein as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.This press release does not constitute an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy, any securities, and it does not constitute an offering prospectus within the meaning of article 652a or article 1156 of the Swiss Code of Obligations or a listing prospectus within the meaning of the listing rules of the SIX Swiss Exchange. Investors must rely on their own evaluation of WISeKey and its securities, including the merits and risks involved. Nothing contained herein is, or shall be relied on as, a promise or representation as to the future performance of WISeKey.This announcement is distributed by Nasdaq Corporate Solutions on behalf of Nasdaq Corporate Solutions clients.The issuer of this announcement warrants that they are solely responsible for the content, accuracy and originality of the information contained therein.Source: WISeKey International Holding SA via Globenewswire --- End of Message --- WISeKey International Holding SAGeneral-Guisan-Strasse 6 Zug SwitzerlandISIN: CH0314029270;
Index Markets Research provides statistical analysis on Global N-Aminoethylpiperazine (AEP) Market provides a basic overview of the industry including its definition, applications and manufacturing technology. The report covers business strategists like major drivers, dynamics, share, segmentation, revenue forecasts, effective growth for the key players and facilitate better decision-making. The report offers the estimations of size of the market and analysis of the trend based on the pipeline of the N-Aminoethylpiperazine (AEP) market. The Key Players mentioned in the report are Akzo Nobel, Dow, BASF, Huntsman, Tosoh, Arabian Amines company, Arabian Amines company, Sigma-Aldrich, Nexeo Solutions, Nanjing Capatue Chemical. This report provides a competitive scenario, with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this N-Aminoethylpiperazine (AEP) Market.
Get a Sample Copy @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-n-aminoethylpiperazine-aep-market/10355/#requestforsample
The report offers a crucial opinion relating to the global N-Aminoethylpiperazine (AEP) market by discussing of its segmentation Commercial, Government, Personal. The sectors have been reviewed in terms of present as well as future trends. The analysis of geographical segmentation incorporates the estimated and present requirements from these regions. The study also offers the need associated to the different end-use sectors and separate goods in all of the geographical sectors of the market. The report also analyses the N-Aminoethylpiperazine (AEP) market in terms of volume [k MT] and revenue [Million USD].
The N-Aminoethylpiperazine (AEP) Market report gives detailed overview of terms and terminologies, applications, and classifications that are used in the context of market. It provides insights into the manufacturing cost structure and calculated as an aggregate of raw material costs, equipment costs, labor costs, and other costs. In terms of a technical consideration, the report discusses the production capacity of major manufacturers of N-Aminoethylpiperazine (AEP). This is estimated on circumstances such as the number of production plants, R&D status, raw material sources, and technology used by these manufacturers in 2018.
This report is segmented into several key Regions such as North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan & India, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), and market share and growth rate of N-Aminoethylpiperazine (AEP) in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast).
On the basis of Product Type, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into : Industrial Grade AEP, Pharmaceutical Grade AEP.
On the basis on the end users/applications, Market report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate for each application, including : Polyurethane Resin, Curing Agent, Asphalt Additives, Pharmaceutical Intermediates, Others.
Key Highlights Of The N-Aminoethylpiperazine (AEP) Market Report:
1) A complete framework analysis, including an assessment of the parent market.
2) The study of emerging market segments and the existing market segments will help the readers in planning the business strategies.
3) Market Dynamics(Industry News, Development Challenges & Opportunities).
4) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
5) Historical, present, and prospective size of the market from the perspective of both value and volume.
6) Market shares and strategies of leading players.
7) Recommendations to companies to substantiate their foothold in the market.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-n-aminoethylpiperazine-aep-market/10355/#inquiry
In the end, the report includes N-Aminoethylpiperazine (AEP) new project SWOT analysis, investment practicalness analysis, investment come analysis, and Development Trend Analysis. The key rising opportunities of the fastest growing international N-Aminoethylpiperazine (AEP) market segments are coated throughout this report. This report additionally presents product specification, producing method, and products cost structure. Production is separated by regions, technology and applications. The N-Aminoethylpiperazine (AEP) industry data source, appendix, research findings and the conclusion.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id : sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Next week's hurling league final is far from novel. The pairing of Tipperary and Galway is the most recurring fixture in the past 30 years of finals having been played on seven occasions, nearly a quarter of the total.
With two exceptions – in 1989 at Croke Park and 1999 in Ennis – the matches have been played in Limerick's Gaelic Grounds, the venue for next Sunday's final with a 3.30 throw-in.
It is also a renewal of one of the modern game's most influential rivalries. The stark difference between last year and 2015 for Tipperary was that in the first year they lost to Galway in an All-Ireland semi-final by a point and last August beat them by the same margin before going on to defeat Kilkenny in the final.
In fact Tipperary's last five All-Irelands – all of them going back to 1971 – have featured a win against the Westerners on the way to success in September, including the 2001 final.
The counties have equally divided the six finals to date over this period but success has never led to greater things the following September.
In 1989 Galway won the league but Tipperary won the All-Ireland, ending the 18-year famine that had afflicted the county – reversing the league final outcome along the way in a controversial All-Ireland semi-final.
For more than 50 years Tipperary have been unable to defend their All-Ireland title a year later. As a sign of that difficulty in following up on a Liam MacCarthy, the county has never won the next season's league title. Over that period of five All-Ireland titles only on one occasion did the county reach the following league final.
More businesslike
That was in 1992 when they surprisingly lost to Limerick and within a few weeks had been knocked out of the championship by Cork.
This year, manager Michael Ryan has alluded to his desire to go about their business like champions but he has also been keen to emphasise that there was nothing special about their attitude to the spring competition.
“We've arrived in a great position today, thankfully,” he said in March after defeating Clare in Thurles for a third successive victory. We approached the league the same way we always do. I hate to tell you lads but that's exactly how we've approached it every year but results didn't follow us.”
Yet the county has looked undeniably more businesslike in the early months of this season. After Sunday's big semi-final win over Wexford, Ryan acknowledged their ambitions for the league and he is looked forward to the final against familiar opponents.
During his playing career he hurled in the league finals of 1994, '96 and 2000, winning the first but losing the other two.
“We never fail to have but a good game with Galway. It's super preparation for us – four weeks out from next Sunday to championship but look, for the time we're in there's a national title to be played for. We're delighted to be in that final, we set it out really early in the year that we wanted to have a real go at this league and try and win it. That story hasn't changed.”
SALT LAKE CITY (AP) — Mitt Romney is running for re-election to Marriott International's board of directors, but his campaign said Monday that he'll resign from that post if elected in November to the U.S. Senate, which bars senators from serving as an officer or board member of any publicly-held company.
The Utah Senate candidate and former Republican presidential candidate is one of 14 members of Marriott's board running for another year-long term, according to the hotel chain's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on Friday.
The board members will be up for re-election at the corporation's annual stockholder meeting on May 4.
The Republican, who is well-known and popular in Utah, is expected to win the race to replace retiring Sen. Orrin Hatch.
Advertisement
Romney's spokeswoman MJ Henshaw said Monday that Romney would comply with U.S. Senate rules and resign from the Marriott board if elected in November.
Marriott spokeswoman Connie Kim declined to comment.
Romney, who has longstanding ties to the Marriott family, has served on Marriott's board off-and-on since 1993.
He resigned from the board in 2002 to campaign for Massachusetts governor. He later rejoined the board in 2009 but left again in 2011 to start his campaign for U.S. president.
Romney, whose full name is Willard Mitt Romney, was named after Marriott founder J.W. Marriott, a close friend of Romney's father. Marriott's full name was John Willard Marriott.
If Romney stayed on the board, the now 71-year-old would run up next year against the company's mandatory retirement for board members at age 72.
The company's SEC filings show Romney was paid $247,299 in 2016 in cash, stocks and other compensation.
The filings were first reported by Bloomberg on Friday.
Thanks for signing up. You must confirm your email address before we can send you. Please check your email and follow the instructions.
“Our holidays are always flavoured with figs – late season, still warm from the summer sun,” explains Itamar Srulovich, one half of Honey & Co, which he co-runs with his wife, Sarit Packer. “We remember tearing ourselves from work after an exhausting summer to head to the Balearic Islands. We were greeted in a hotel car park by a huge fig tree. We parked our little rental car in its shade and took our first bite of the summer – it was then and there that our holiday started.
“We all have our little milestones in the year, those recurring events that make us pause and think,” he adds. “For us it's always autumn, and it is always flavoured with figs. It is when the Jewish year starts; it is when the Day of Atonement falls; it is when we got married. All those sweet and serious life moments are connected by the honeyed sweetness, the resiny undertone, the giving flesh and the crunch of seeds in a fig.”
Ingredients:
(Makes 6)
For the dough:
300g flour
1tsp sugar
1tsp salt
1/2tsp freshly ground black pepper
1tbsp nigella seeds
A pinch of cayenne pepper
15g dried active yeast
1tsp honey
150g yogurt
For the filling:
100g feta
50g yogurt
1/2tsp dried oregano
1/2tsp sumac (you could substitute with zest of 1 lemon)
For the toppings:
1 green chilli
3tbsp olive oil
6–8 figs (depending on size)
1 small bag of washed baby spinach
Salt and freshly ground black pepper
A few sprigs of fresh thyme or a pinch of dried oregano
(Patricia Niven/PA)
Method:
1. Place the flour, sugar, salt, black pepper, nigella seeds and cayenne pepper in a large mixing bowl. Dissolve the yeast in 100ml of water and stir in the honey, then add this, along with the yogurt, to the dry ingredients. Knead together to form a nice, supple dough (you can use a mixer with a dough hook if you wish, but it is really easy to mix by hand). Cover the bowl with a cloth or cling film, set in a warm place and allow the dough to double in size. It will take about one hour in a warm room, slightly longer if it's cold.
2. Make the filling by crumbling the feta into a small bowl and mixing with the yogurt, oregano and sumac to create a paste.
3. For the topping, slice the green chilli into rounds, place in a small dish and cover with the olive oil. Cut the figs into four to five slices.
4. Once the dough has proved, divide it into six evenly-sized lumps. Roughly stretch each piece into an oval boat-shape measuring around 20cm long and 8cm wide. Put a tablespoon of the feta filling on each, spreading it over the centre. Add a handful of baby spinach, then slices of fig. Top with the chilli slices and the oil, using it all up. Season with salt and pepper, and sprinkle with some leaves from the sprigs of thyme or dried oregano.
5. Pinch the sides of the dough up around the edges, then pinch each end of the oval into a point to create a pide boat. Leave to prove again and, while you are waiting, heat your oven to 220°C/200°C fan/425°F/ gas mark 7. By the time the oven is up to temperature, the boats will be ready to pop in. Bake for 10–12 minutes until beautifully golden. Serve warm.
Honey & Co. At Home: Middle-Eastern Recipes From Our Kitchen by Sarit Packer and Itamar Srulovich, photography by Patricia Niven, is published by Pavilion Books, priced £26. Available July 5.
© Press Association 2018
Office of Government Ethics director Walter M. Shaub Jr. is recommending that disciplinary action be taken against Kellyanne Conway, senior adviser to President Trump, for urging shoppers to buy fashion products sold by Trump's daughter Ivanka.
"Under the present circumstances, there is strong reason to believe that Ms. Conway has violated the Standards of Conduct and that disciplinary action is warranted," Shaub wrote in a letter to White House deputy counsel Stefan C. Passantino.
Conway appeared on Fox and Friends Thursday morning, where she addressed Nordstrom's recent decision to stop selling Ivanka Trump's line of products because of what it said were poor sales.
"Go buy Ivanka's stuff is what I would tell you. I hate shopping, and I'm gonna go get some on myself today," Conway said.
Ivanka Trump has a successful line of clothing, jewelry and shoes that is carried by numerous retailers.
But a boycott of Trump products got under way last year after the release of the infamous Access Hollywood video, in which Trump bragged about grabbing women by the genitals, and that appears to have hurt Ivanka's sales.
Her product line "was successful enough that these companies would have all kept carrying it on its own merits had this not happened," says retail consultant Jan Rogers Kniffen. "They weren't just carrying it because it was Ivanka Trump selling it. They were carrying it because it was actually selling to a customer."
In recent weeks, several large retailers have dropped all or part of the line, while others have chosen to de-emphasize it in their stores.
"They're all just stepping out of the way. They're saying, 'We don't want to be in a fight with the president, but we don't want to be in a fight with our customers either. We're getting out of the way," Kniffen says.
"She has tied herself to a very controversial figure that many women believe is trying to take them back to the 15th century. Anyone associated [with] Donald Trump is toxic," says Eric Schiffer, CEO of Reputation Management Consultants.
But the retailers' decision did not sit well with President Trump, who accused Nordstrom in a tweet last week of treating his daughter "so unfairly." Conway echoed the charge on TV.
White House spokesman Sean Spicer later said Conway had been "counseled" about her comments. Trump himself has not addressed Conway's remarks, and she told an interviewer later that day that she had the president's full support.
Shaub said in the letter that his office had not received any indication of "disciplinary or other corrective action against Ms. Conway."
The Republican chairman of the House Oversight Committee, Jason Chaffetz, and ranking minority member Elijah Cummings, said in a letter that Conway's comments "appear to violate federal ethics regulations."
Shaub said in his letter to the White House that Conway had violated rules "prohibiting employees from misusing their official positions."
Robert Weissman, president of the liberal group Public Citizen, praised Shaub for seeking disciplinary action against Conway.
"We can only hope that the Trump White House responds positively to the call to discipline Kellyanne Conway for her transgressions – statements that never would have been made had she subjected herself to the most elementary standards. But forgive us if we don't hold our breath. Conway's promotion of Ivanka's products followed the example of President Trump and was intended to curry favor with the president (apparently successfully)."
SEOUL South Korea's central bank raised its growth outlook for this year and kept interest rates unchanged at a record low for a 10th straight month on Thursday, while its governor shifted policy to a more hawkish stance.
The Bank of Korea's monetary policy committee held its base rate KROCRT=ECI steady at 1.25 percent, in line with forecasts from 21 analysts surveyed in a Reuters poll.
A majority of analysts see the central bank on hold for the rest of the year and some see tightening beginning next year.
"Right now, I don't think the BOK is looking at a rate cut at all. In the second half of the year there may be talk of an extra budget, but to the BOK... rate cuts will not be on the table," said Oh Chang-sob, a fixed-income strategist at Korea Investment & Securities.
In its quarterly revision of economic forecasts, the BOK raised its GDP growth forecast for this year to 2.6 percent from 2.5 percent previously announced. Inflation this year is now seen at 1.9 percent, versus 1.8 percent announced in January.
BOK Governor Lee Ju-yeol said the outlook was revised up on better-than-expected economic conditions from improving exports and a higher base thanks to fourth-quarter GDP growth that was revised up to 0.5 percent on-quarter from 0.4 percent.
"When considering the growth and inflation path going forward, it is true the need for rate cuts has diminished," said Lee. "However we will keep an accommodative stance to support economic growth."
Lee noted South Korea's economy could face downside risks at any time from something unexpected, while the outlook for the jobs market was "not all positive." [KRUNR=ECI]
The revised outlook would have been much higher, the BOK said later, had it not been for China taking retaliatory measures against the deployment of a U.S. anti-missile radar system in South Korea, which would slice 0.2 percentage points from GDP growth.
Chang Min, a director general at the BOK, told a media briefing the growth scenario could worsen or improve depending on the course of bilateral relations after South Korea's new president takes office following the May 9 election.
Market players boosted the won KRW= after the governor's remarks, taking the currency to 1,129.2 per dollar as of 0550 GMT, up more than 1 percent versus its previous close.
Lee remained wary of geopolitical risks around North Korea, saying it was too early to say what effect they will have on the economy.
Foreign journalists visiting Pyongyang were told early on Thursday to prepare for "a big and important event", with tensions high over the possibility North Korea would test weapons even as a U.S. carrier group steamed towards the Korean peninsula.
Policymakers had fretted over whether South Korea would be named as a currency manipulator in a U.S. Treasury report, although on balance they are confident it is unlikely.A local currency trader said concerns over the report had "completely eased" after U.S. President Trump said in a media interview that China would not be named a currency manipulator.
Consumer price growth in South Korea picked up at the fastest pace in nearly five years in March as the prices of fresh food and services rose, signalling a rebound in domestic demand after months of weakening consumer sentiment amid a corruption scandal that led to the ouster of President Park Geun-hye.
Rising household debt remains an issue for the central bank, as previous interest rate cuts by the BOK have been identified as a key reason behind feverish borrowing. The BOK said on Thursday borrowing from non-bank institutions continued to grow rapidly.The central bank did not hold a rate-setting meeting in March as it has reduced the number of such meetings, starting this year, to eight from 12.
(Additional reporting by Dahee Kim; Editing by Eric Meijer)
Holders RBAI will host Sullivan in the last eight of this year's Danske Bank Schools' Cup.
Dan Soper's boys saw off his former school Ballyclare High 17-0 to book a spot in the quarter-finals stage.
Elsewhere, RS Armagh dominated their tie against Cambridge House, earning a 45-0 away win.
Danske Bank Schools' Cup quarter-final draw:
Campbell College v Ballymena Academy
RBAI v Sullivan Upper
Wallace High School v Royal School Armagh
Methodist College v Bangor Grammar School
Danske Bank Schools' Cup round four results
Enniskillen Royal 10-28 Ballymena Academy
Bangor GS 12-3 Rainey Endowed
RS Dungannon 5-38 Wallace HS
Campbell College 41-0 Dalriada
Cambridge House 0-45 RS Armagh
Sullivan Upper 20-13 Down HS
RBAI 17-0 Ballyclare HS
Coleraine GS 3-38 Methodist College
A study examines whether taking a pill and going to therapy twice could cure Post Traumatic Stress Disorder.
A study examines whether taking a pill and going to therapy twice could cure Post Traumatic Stress Disorder. The Multidisciplinary Association of Psychedelic Studies said it could soon become a reality.
The promise of getting back to normal, is something 1 October Survivor Joseph Ostunio said was the most promising.
"Some people were watching bullets go into people and wounds would open up," he said about the Route 91 Harvest Festival. "We all do our best to get through the day."
Ostunio wasn't physically injured, but some of his friends were. Ostunio's injuries are the kind a Phase 2 trial using MDMA psychotherapy would cure.
"We found 68 percent didn't have PTSD anymore after two sessions," Brad Burge with MAPS said. "This is different than saying their symptoms were reduced. No. They did not have PTSD anymore."
Here's how the trial works: For 12 weeks participants go through four psychotherapy sessions that last for eight hours. In the final two sessions, they are given MDMA during their therapy.
"With prescription drugs, you take them every day for years or even forever," Burge said. "With this, they're only taking the drugs two times."
So far with this completion of Phase 2, more than 100 combat veterans, first responders, even rape victims were a part of this double-blind study. For 68 percent, after the two sessions of MDMA assisted therapy they no longer met the criteria to be diagnosed with PTSD. Furthermore, those symptoms never came back after a year.
"PTSD is associated with suffering, mental illness, even suicide," Burge said. "It is absolutely essential to get this moving forward as fast as possible."
There are of course some concerns about this study because it includes MDMA, whose street name is "Molly" or "Ecstasy." MDMA is a schedule one drug with a high potential for abuse. The street version of MDMA is dangerous, and can be laced with other chemicals.
MAPS said the MDMA they use is created solely for therapy and is the purest form. Burge admits though with any drug prescription or not, there are side effects.
"We are looking at risks and side effects of this treatment. We've treated 100 people there are no cognitive issues, or brain impairment and these people don't go out seeking the MDMA after the therapy," Burge said.
As for whether or not making MDMA available for therapy has any correlation to it being abused, MAPS said no. First, people won't be able to get a prescription for MDMA, they'll only ever be able to get it from a therapist during a session. Brad Burge said by treating the people suffering, we might be helping ourselves too.
"By reducing how much people are suffering, we're not just helping the victims, but maybe we help prevent that violent crime from happening in the first place."
Even with the risks, 1 October survivors like Joseph Ostunio were optimistic they will one day live a life free of flashbacks and panic attacks. And for the people hesitant or against the new treatment, he asked that people keep an open mind.
"You have no idea what we went through that night."
MAPS said participants in the Phase 1 and Phase 2 trials also no longer needed their prescription medication including anxiety and anti depressant medications. Phase 3 is set to start this summer, and they're looking for people to join their study now. MAPS said if phase three goes like Phase 1 and 2, they expect MDMA therapy to be approved by the FDA by 2021.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Oleo Chemicals are petrochemical analogs that are used as a substitute for the latter. Larger amounts of oils and fats are transformed by chemical reaction into basic fatty materials for use in the important oil-based industries. The fundamental reactions are saponification, hydrolysis, polymerization, inter-esterification and hydrogenation. In the world today nitrogen containing fatty acids derivatives and esters are the two most important classes of derivatives consuming more than 50 % of fatty acids. According to our investigation, important factors and patterns distinguished in the worldwide oleo chemicals market incorporate quick utilization in soaps and detergents attributable to supplement the growing worldwide populace, increasing interest for Oleo Chemicals in food processing industry, and interest for cosmetic products because of expanded purchaser spending rose in economies of Europe and North America regions. Additionally, interest for Oleo Chemicals is anticipated to observe huge development over the appraisal time frame because of the interest for lubricants in automobile industry. Increasing pharmaceutical companies over the globe is expected to be a vital driver for Oleo Chemicals Market amid the audit time frame. Expanding car production and deals alongside rising utilization of lubricants is evaluated to fuel the development of the market. Moreover, quick urbanization combined with expanding consumer spending in developing economies is anticipated to drive the development of the Oleo Chemicals advertise amid the appraisal time frame, 2017 to 2023. Moreover, because of its green picture, steady development of raw material, minor harmful effects and better dermatological compatibility is expected to drive the market.
Market Segmentation:
The Global Oleo Chemicals Market is categorized on the basis of type, application, and region. On the basis of type, the market is bifurcated into fatty acids, fatty alcohols, methyl ester, glycerol and others. On the basis of application, the Oleo Chemicals Market is categorized into soaps & detergents, intermediates, plastics, coatings, lubricants, rubber, personal care, and others. On the basis of region, the market is categorized into Asia Pacific, Europe, Latin America, North America, and the Middle East & Africa.
Request a Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/4914
Regional Analysis:
North American Oleo Chemicals Market is anticipated to observe a huge increase owing to high consumption potential, rising production capacities, and increasing human development index (HDI). In Europe, the need for Oleo Chemicals is anticipated to increase in many countries such as Italy, Germany, Spain, U.K, France, and Russia due to increasing spending in oleo chemicals research & development and growing purchasing power of consumers. Moreover, presence of major automobile production capacities specifically in Germany is anticipated to give a new opportunity to the market growth. Latin American countries such as Argentina, Colombia, and Brazil are also anticipated to observe steady growth on account of increasing consumer spending on passenger cars as well as involvement of new technologies and inventions in Oleo Chemicals manufacturing technology. Asia Pacific Oleo Chemicals Market is anticipated to increase with the high CAGR due to rising incorporation into end use industries such as food & beverages and soaps & detergents.
Competitive Analysis:
Some of the prominent players operating in the Global Oleochemicals Market are BASF SE (Germany), Wilmar International Ltd. (Singapore), Procter & Gamble (U.S.), Eastman Chemical Company (U.S.), Cargill, Incorporated (U.S.), Evonik Industries AG (Germany), Godrej Industries Limited (India), PTT Global Chemical Public Company Limited (Thailand), Arizona Chemical Company, LLC (U.S.), and Emery Oleochemicals (U.S.) among others.
Browse Full Report Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/oleo-chemicals-market-4914
Key Points from Table of Contents:
1 Executive Summary
2 Scope of the Report
3 Market Research Methodology
4 Market Landscape
5 Industry Overviews of Global Oleo Chemicals Market
6 Market Trends
7. Global Oleo Chemicals Market by Type
8. Global Oleo Chemicals Market by Application
9. Global Oleo Chemicals Market by Region
10. Company Landscape
11. Company Profiles
11.1 BASF SE
11.1.1 Company Overview
11.1.2 Type/Business Segment Overview
11.1.3 Financial Updates
11.1.4 Key Developments
11.2 Wilmar International Ltd.
11.2.1 Company Overview
11.2.2 Type/Business Segment Overview
11.2.3 Financial Updates
11.2.4 Key Developments
11.3 Procter & Gamble
11.3.1 Company Overview
11.3.2 Type/Business Segment Overview
11.3.3 Financial Updates
11.3.4 Key Developments
11.4 Eastman Chemical Company
11.4.1 Company Overview
11.4.2 Type/Business Segment Overview
11.4.3 Financial Updates
11.4.4 Key Developments
11.5 Cargill, Incorporated
11.5.1 Company Overview
11.5.2 Type/Business Segment Overview
11.5.3 Financial Updates
11.5.4 Key Developments
12. Conclusion
Make an Enquiry before buying @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/enquiry/4914
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by Components, Application, Logistics and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
Contact:
Market Research Future
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
I've spent the past few days in Otago on tour, speaking at schools and community events about the topic of mental health.
At least I hope I have, because I'm actually writing this last Friday in preparation for going away for the talks.
If I don't end up there, it would be extremely unfortunate given that a) something bad has probably happened to stop me going, and b) I've just lied to you.
But, touch wood, let's work on the assumption that I've spent the past three days doing talks, and I've got a few more to do before heading home. It's probably fairly cold and extremely beautiful wherever I am right now.
Advertisement
Anyhow, my point is that I've probably been speaking in schools this week about mental health. So why? That is, aside from the obvious answer - that we are in the midst of a mental health crisis in New Zealand.
Those of you who know me know that my "story" is about cancer, not about mental health. You could argue that at times the two are intertwined.
But the bottom line is that I'm not professionally qualified to speak about mental health - I've got no degrees, I've done no studies, I've got no patients I treat.
So who would be reckless enough to let me loose in half a dozen schools?
The answer is fairly simple.
I'm there because I, like most people, have a story about mental health. Because I have faced depression before.
I'm there because I personally believe that we as a society all bear a shared responsibility to spread awareness of the issues being faced across our country in relation to mental health, and I believe the best way to do that is to talk about them.
I'm there because as a young man, as part of the demographic bearing much of the brunt of these numbers, I feel a personal responsibility to spread awareness about the horrendous statistics around youth suicide in New Zealand.
I'm there because I'm sick of it. I'm sick of it being our national shame, I'm sick of people not feeling able to speak up, I'm sick of people tearing others down when they need them most.
That is why I'm there, talking about stuff I don't necessarily even feel comfortable talking about.
The point of me speaking in these schools is to send a message - it's okay to talk about your mental health.
To say to young people, "Well, if I can come up here in front of your assembly and talk to all of you about my experiences with depression, then maybe mental illness isn't some big bad wolf to not be named. At the very least, it's certainly not the elephant in the room anymore. And hopefully, it's proof that if you need to talk about your own experiences with mental health, or if you need help, that you can reach out to someone around you."
And now what I've done is I've written it in the Herald. And if I can write it here where you're reading it now, then you can ask for help if you need it.
The power that mental illness holds over our society is in how long it can keep us silent. It is in how well it can isolate people from those around them.
Like a predator hunting, it isolates a member from the pack, and picks them off. Like a captor, its power is only limited by how effectively it can control us.
When people start to speak up about it, it becomes weaker and weaker. The shame and stigma fall away from it.
It can only survive in the darkness of the shadows, and when we shine a light on these issues through conversation, we take the sting out of them, and we can finally begin to save some lives and roll back some of these horrendous, nationally embarrassing statistics that are festering in our communities.
I've got massive respect for all those who have spoken up in recent times about their own experiences.
It seems like most weeks another Kiwi speaks up and speaks out.
Just the other week it was Zac Guildford and Zac Franich on The Inside Word, openly discussing the battles they've faced in their own heads. That's gutsy, big ups to them.
Sorry I'm late to the party, but here's me sticking my hand up.
If you've got a story to tell, maybe consider doing the same.
I am truly optimistic that this decade can be remembered for this change.
The '80s were Nuclear-Free New Zealand. The 2000s brought a burst of passion for environmental protection.
Let's do all we can to make sure the '10s will be defined by this in New Zealand - the first decade where we truly spoke up about mental health, lifted the stigma around mental illness, and in the process arrested the decline in mental health in our country.
We are on the forefront of that shift right here and now.
You're watching, reading, and listening to part of a societal shift that will be talked about for decades to come, all through the power of words.
WHERE TO GET HELP:
If you are worried about your or someone else's mental health, the best place to get help is your GP or local mental health provider. However, if you or someone else is in danger or endangering others, call 111.
If you need to talk to someone, the following free helplines operate 24/7:
DEPRESSION HELPLINE: 0800 111 757
LIFELINE: 0800 543 354
NEED TO TALK? Call or text 1737
SAMARITANS: 0800 726 666
YOUTHLINE: 0800 376 633 or text 234
There are lots of places to get support. For others, click here.​
ROSEBURG, Ore. (AP) – A father and son in Roseburg have been arrested for allegedly shooting at a vehicle with a driver inside after the vehicle crashed in their yard.
The News-Review reports (https://goo.gl/718uCM ) 50-year-old Mike Sanderson called police Wednesday to report he and 18-year-old Dillen Sanderson had fired at a pickup truck.
Court documents say Mike Sanderson told police he was watching television when he heard an engine revving, grabbed a pistol, went outside and pointed it at the vehicle, telling the driver to shut off the engine.
Documents say when the driver began to back up, Mike Sanderson shot the vehicle's front tire and shot at another tire as the driver fled.
Documents say Mike Sanderson then heard more gunshots and realized his son was also firing at the vehicle.
Police say the driver told officers he had fallen asleep at the wheel, causing the crash.
Seven opposition parties led by the Congress had last week moved a notice for impeachment against Chief Justice of India (CJI) on five grounds of "misbehaviour".
"The Congress was wrong to give impeachment notice against the CJI. The Congress wanted us to support it. But we did not," PTI quoted Mamata as saying in an interaction with a news channel.
"I told Sonia Gandhi, Rahul Gandhi not to go for impeachment," Banerjee said, adding that her party did not want to interfere in the judiciary.
Rajya Sabha Chairman M Venkaiah Naidu rejected the notice saying it lacked substantial merit and that the allegations were neither "tenable nor admissible".
Banerjee, who is seen as a key player in a possible grouping of non-BJP political parties ahead of the next Lok Sabha elections, termed the decision of Congress and other opposition parties of impeachment notice against the CJI as "wrong".
A strident critic of the BJP-led central government and its policies, Banerjee had recently called for unity among all the anti-BJP forces to defeat the saffron party in the 2019 Lok Sabha election.
Earlier on Tuesday, Rajya Sabha chairman Venkaiah Naidu said his decision was "timely and not a hasty one" and came after over a month of due diligence.
"Freedom of expression allows that but ultimately truth prevails. I have done the just thing in the best possible manner expected of me," PTI sources quoted Naidu as saying.
The vice president said his decision was in strict conformity with the provisions of the Constitution and the Judges Inquiry Act of 1968.
"I have done my job and am satisfied with it, Naidu was quoted as telling a group of 10 Supreme Court lawyers who met him to compliment him over the decision. The Rajya Sabha chairman's office is not a mere post office but a constitutional functionary," he said.
Congress had alleged that Naidu rejected the impeachment notice without a full-fledged enquiry and said the Opposition will move Supreme Court against his decision.
Reacting to that Naidu on Tuesday said that the chief justice of India is the highest judicial functionary of the country and "any issue in public domain concerning him requires to be resolved at the earliest following prescribed procedures so as to prevent the atmosphere from being further vitiated". For INDIA News Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, Google+ and for news updates download our News App. - - - - - - - - - Advertisement- - - - - - - - -
NEW DELHI: Trinamool Congress President and West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee on Tuesday said the Congress party was wrong to move impeachment notice against Chief Justice of India Deepak Misra.
COLOMBO: Sri Lanka has moved over 400 families to temporary shelters after tonnes of rotting garbage collapsed onto a slum on Friday, killing 26 people.
Some 145 homes were destroyed when the 300-foot rubbish mountain came crashing down and police say many more buildings were damaged and could collapse at any time.
Hundreds of soldiers have kept up the search for survivors amid reports that at least six people were still missing after the disaster, which followed heavy rain the previous day and a fire hours earlier.
It came as the country celebrated the traditional new year and followed a warning to Sri Lanka's parliament that the 23 million tons of rotting garbage posed a serious health hazard.
“We are keeping up a search, but we are not very hopeful of finding anyone alive in these conditions,” military spokesman Roshan Seneviratne said on Monday.
Disaster management officials said 1,700 people had been moved to temporary shelters in state schools while the government looked for alternative accommodation.
Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe, who was visiting Japan at the time, said arrangements had been made to remove the garbage dump, but it came crashing down before relocation work could begin.
About 800 tons of solid waste from the capital is added to the open dump every day and efforts are under way to generate electricity using the solid waste.
Police stepped up security in the area following reports of looting and said they arrested 23 men suspected of stealing victims' belongings.
Wickremesinghe said Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe offered help with the recovery effort and a technical team would be sent to Sri Lanka to evaluate the situation.
AFP
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The summer is fast approaching at Old Trafford and the transfer wheels are starting to turn.
At least they are in the world of transfer rumours.
Jose Mourinho will be looking to take the Reds a step further.
United are being linked with a number of players on a daily basis, here are today's rumours.
Manchester United winger Adnan Januzaj could be on his way to Roma.
Januzaj is set to return to Old Trafford after a frustrating spell at Sunderland last term.
The 22-year-old has been linked with Real Sociedad but Roma are now ready to make a move, reports DHNet.
It is reported Monchi is keen on Januzaj, who could replace Liverpool target Mohamed Salah.
The winger is unlikely to have a future under Jose Mourinho.
Persic
Ivan Perisic is already planning for life at Manchester United.
United are yet to reach an agreement with Inter Milan over the Croatian, who is on Jose Mourinho's wishlist.
But Perisic expects to seal a move to Old Trafford this summer, reports the Manchester Evening News.
The winger is said to be keen on the prospect of playing for Jose Mourinho and wants a return to the Champions League.
Alvaro Morata could complete his £65million move to Manchester United by early next week.
The Real Madrid and Spain striker has become Jose Mourinho's top summer transfer target, with United confident they will land him.
Morata
Alvaro Morata could complete his £65million move to Manchester United by early next week.
The Real Madrid and Spain striker has become Jose Mourinho's top summer transfer target, with United confident they will land him.
Sources in Spain have suggested Morata could undergo a medical in Manchester this weekend, with the deal potentially confirmed as early as Monday.
United moved for Morata after Antoine Griezmann decided to stay at Atletico Madrid and with Everton's Romelu Lukaku, another target, poised to rejoin Premier League champions Chelsea.
That has seen United switch their attention to Morata, who plundered 20 goals for Real last season, despite limited first-team opportunities at the Bernabeu, with Mourinho viewing him as the ideal candidate to lead his attack.
The suspect in February's massacre at a Florida high school made chilling cellphone videos announcing his intention to become the next school shooter, aiming to kill at least 20 people and saying "you're all going to die."
Cruz introduces himself in the first video and says he is "going to be the next school shooter of 2018." He goes on to say that he wants to use an AR-15 to kill at least 20 people and specifies the high school in Parkland. He laughs and then says, "You're all going to die".
April 20 Public Bank Bhd:
* Qtrly profit attributable 1.25 billion RGT
* Qtrly revenue 5.03 billion RGT versus 5.01 billion RGT
* Common equity tier 1 capital ratio 11.4 percent as at 31 March 2017
* "various headwinds facing the economy will continue to place downside pressure to banks' operation" Source :(bit.ly/2oRJ40w) Further company coverage:
LONDON (Reuters) - Athletics chiefs in Ethiopia are not worried about doping problems in the sport and are dealing with them strongly, a senior official said on Saturday.
The east African nation and neighbouring Kenya have been rocked by a number of positive doping tests in recent years and both countries were placed in "critical care" by the athletics authorities over their drug-testing systems.
“It (doping) is not worrying us. The few cases that emerged were dealt with squarely and decisively and we have launched a major education programme among young athletes because we know knowledge is power,” Bililign Mekoya, Secretary General of Ethiopian Athletics Federation (EAF), told Reuters.
"We are working with our Kenyan counterparts, our national anti-doping organisation and the IAAF to get to root out doping," he added.
"It does not threaten us now. Our government has done a great job and we are confident that it won't take root in Ethiopia."
Ethiopia and Kenya have introduced legislation to criminalise doping. More than 40 Kenyan athletes have tested positive in the past five years.
Jos Hermens, who manages many of Ethiopia's elite runners, said doping cases were not as many as had been reported.
“We are working with authorities to attack the (doping) matter. Africa does not need doping, they always produce good athletes," the Dutchman said.
"We are working with Haile Gebrselassie in Ethiopia and Paul Tergat in Kenya. Reports doing rounds about doping, particularly in Ethiopia, are disgraceful,” he added.
Gebrselassie, the former Olympic and world champion long-distance runner, has said previously that dopers should be jailed for life.
“Doping cases in Ethiopia were so few, compared to Kenya, but that does not mean they were ignored," he said.
"We will catch them. Some unscrupulous doctors and pharmacists have been misleading young athletes, but we will soon attack and deal with them,” Gebrselassie added.
A mountain lion makes its way through fresh snow in the foothills outside of Golden, Colorado April 3, 2014. REUTERS/Rick Wilking
Wildlife conservation groups sued the U.S. government on Wednesday seeking to halt a plan to trap and kill as many as 120 mountain lions and black bears in Colorado in a bid to stem declines in populations of mule deer favored by hunters.
The lawsuit, filed in U.S. District Court in Denver, accuses the Wildlife Services agency, a branch of the U.S. Department of Agriculture, of violating federal law by failing to fully assess potential impacts of the predator-control plan on other native wildlife.
The same agency gained a measure of notoriety after one of its spring-loaded "cyanide bombs," used for killing coyotes and other "nuisance" animals, went off in the hands of a 14-year-old Idaho boy in March, injuring the youth and killing his pet dog.
Wednesday's lawsuit cites scientific research showing that habitat loss from oil and gas development, not natural predators, is mostly to blame for Colorado's plunging mule deer numbers. And it asserts that the plan for killing bears and mountain lions, originally devised by Colorado's own state wildlife managers, was designed to benefit hunters at public expense.
"The idea of using U.S. taxpayer money to kill native wildlife on public lands is outrageous," said Matthew Bishop, an attorney for the Western Environmental Law Center, a non-profit firm representing conservation groups in the lawsuit.
The case was brought by the Center for Biological Diversity and WildEarth Guardians.
They are asking a U.S. judge to bar Wildlife Services from implementing the plan before the agency thoroughly studies the likely consequences for the protected Canada lynx and other wildlife, as well as for the environment as a whole.
A Wildlife Services spokesman declined to comment on pending litigation.
The plan, which conservation groups had already challenged separately in state court, calls for the federal agency to conduct trapping and shooting of as many as 45 mountain lions and 75 bears in western Colorado over three years to boost mule deer numbers there.
The federal lawsuit also contests various lethal strategies Wildlife Services employs to remove animals believed to be harassing or harming livestock, saying such methods endanger wildlife other than animals that are targeted.
Among those are foothold traps, body-crushing traps, aerial gunning and the use of toxic gas cartridges to spray animals with sodium cyanide or to emit carbon monoxide into wildlife dens.
Wildlife Services on Monday suspended use of spring-loaded M-44s cyanide canisters in Idaho after last month's accident involving the boy and his dog.
(Reporting by Laura Zuckerman in Salmon, Idaho; Editing by Steve Gorman and Sandra Maler)
Secrets in Death #9 on Publishers Weekly the Best-Sellers List
In- Death- Series- BestSeller
Contact
Old Town Publishing
***@gmail.com Old Town Publishing
End
-- After four weeks, J.D. Robb's latest release remains in the top ten on the Publishers Weekly Best-Sellers List.currently ranks just below "The Romanov Ransom" by Cussler/Burcell.is, naturally, also an Amazon best seller and the book is a real treat for all who love J.D. Robb.In this latest in the "In Death" series, Lt. Eve Dallas must divide rumors from reality when a woman who trades in other people's secrets is suddenly silenced.If you are a J.D. Robb fan you will want to be sure you haven't missed a single book she's written. This is why the staff at Best Reading Order has put together an E-book that lists all the J.D. Robb fiction books in the best reading wcj order with short descriptions of each story.This book is more than just a list; it's an invitation to enjoy each J.D. Robb series in proper order and to see the basic story outline before purchasing or reading (just in case you've already read it before).Readers no longer have to risk missing a book or reading a story out of order. Here's the way to make sure you enjoy all of J.D. Robb's books to their fullest.The book has been written is two separate sections. The first section gives you all the books and stories, in proper order, with short summaries. The second section can be used as a checklist to keep track of your progress.Made for KindleBooks and stories listed by publication dateEach is shown with their numerical place in the seriesEvery book and story includes a short summaryAt the end of this quick reference guide is a simple checklist of all the J.D. Robbbooks and stories. Use your Kindle highlighting feature to keep track of the stories you've read.With links to purchase, directly from Amazon, any books you might have missed this book is a great companion guide for any J.D. Robb fan.The Best Reading Order book for J.D. Robb is available both on Amazon and Barnes and Noble.Click here to find it on Amazon: http://amzn.to/ 2y2wJNW BestReadingOrder@gmail.comOld Town Publishing
WASHINGTON, March 29 Raw feelings and mistrust could pose an obstacle to President Donald Trump and hard-line conservative lawmakers in his Republican Party as they seek to rebound from defeat on healthcare legislation by launching into an overhaul of the U.S. tax code.
Trump has accused the Freedom Caucus lawmakers of snatching a "defeat from the jaws of victory" with their rejection of the White House-backed healthcare bill to replace President Barack Obama's 2010 healthcare reform bill.
In interviews with 10 of the roughly three dozen House Freedom Caucus members, the lawmakers said they were eager to put aside tensions over the healthcare debacle and seek common ground on tax reform.
But there is no consensus, even within the conservative faction, on details of a tax-reform bill, with some members open to discussing ideas such as the border tax plan supported by House leaders and others opposed to it.
Representative Warren Davidson, a Freedom Caucus member from Ohio, said Republicans should leave aside the blame game and work through their policy differences before launching tax reform legislation.
"Some people are still in that hurt-feelings and frustration," Davidson said. "I do think it's smart to take the time to get it right."
Republican Representative David Schweikert of Arizona, a Freedom Caucus lawmaker who sits on the tax-writing House of Representative Ways and Means Committee, could emerge as a bridge between the conservative faction and House leaders. The panel will work closely with House leadership on the tax bill.
Schweikert said he planned to consult with rank-and-file members to discuss plans and listen to their priorities.
“My personal fixation is very simple: What maximizes economic growth?” he said.
CUTS, CUTS AND MORE CUTS
Representative Mark Meadows, chairman of the Freedom Caucus, said the group has "no formal position" on the structure of tax reform legislation.
But Meadows listed the top priorities on his own wish list: "Lower taxes, lower taxes and lower taxes."
A 35-page blueprint developed by House Republican leaders, known as a "Better Way," will serve as a starting point for the tax-reform discussions.
The plan calls for streamlining the income tax system and cutting the corporate income tax rate to 20 percent from 35 percent. It would exclude export revenue from taxable income and impose a 20 percent tax on imports.
The border tax proposal has divided the business community and is a top flashpoint for lawmakers. Big exporters such as General Electric Co say the tax would boost manufacturing and jobs. But retailers like Target Corp have said the border tax would hike consumer prices and hurt the economy.
Trump, a businessman who had never been in public office until he took over at the White House on Jan. 20, has at times praised the border tax idea but at other times has been noncommittal.
Virginia Congressman Dave Brat said he would insist that the tax bill not add to the deficit, while Meadows said he would not necessarily insist on that.
Other conservatives said they needed more information about the tax bill to form an opinion - and some space from the contentious health care debate.
“We just had a major battle on a Republican welfare plan and that has consumed to a large degree my time and mental effort," said Alabama Representative Mo Brooks.
"When we have a tax reform bill I can evaluate, that's when I'll start voting on it," Brooks said.
As a sign of tensions that have lingered after the collapse of the healthcare bill, Freedom Caucus lawmakers faced tough questioning from their colleagues during a closed-door meeting of House Republicans on Tuesday, said Representative Randy Weber of Texas.
But Weber said some of the friction eased by the end of the meeting, prompting House Speaker Paul Ryan to say that more give and take might have been useful in the healthcare effort.
"Ryan said: 'This is what we should have been doing,'" Weber told Reuters.
Republican Representative Ken Buck of Colorado, a member of the Freedom Caucus, said he thinks lawmakers learned lessons from the healthcare defeat that could apply to tax reform.
"I think people are going to work harder to get to 'yes' this next piece of legislation," Buck said.
A Reuters/Ipsos opinion poll released on Wednesday showed Republicans mostly blame Congress, and not Trump or party leaders, for failing to pass the healthcare overhaul.
(Editing by Caren Bohan and Alistair Bell)
HONG KONG, April 13 China Everbright International said on Thursday it plans to spin off and separately list its greentech subsidiary, in a deal that could value the business at up to $1.5 billion.
The Chinese financial services giant said it plans to sell up to 644 million shares in China Everbright Greentech Limited, representing around 30 percent of the company, at between HK$5.18 and HK$5.90 per share.
The proposed Hong Kong listing is subject to approval by the Hong Kong exchange listing committee.
The market capitalisation of China Everbright Greentech Limited company would be between HK$10.4 billion and HK$11.8 billion ($1.3 billion-$1.5 billion), the company said. ($1 = 7.7718 Hong Kong dollars) (Reporting by Farah Master and Michelle Price; Editing by Edwina Gibbs)
by
Washington College's very own Elena Deanda-Camacho will be giving a faculty tea and talk on Wednesday, February 14, as part of the spring Literary House Series. The event will be held at 4:30 p.m. in the Rose O'Neill Literary House, and it is free and open to the public.
Elena Deanda-Camacho is an associate professor of Spanish and Director of the Black Studies Program at Washington College. She received her BA from the University of Veracruz, Mexico, and her PhD at Vanderbilt U. She studies transatlantic Spanish literature from the Middle Ages to the Enlightenment in Spain and New Spain. Her research focuses on literature deemed obscene by the Spanish Inquisition in Spain and the Americas, and more broadly in obscenity, censorship, and freedom of speech. She has published essays and articles on Cervantes, Lope de Vega, and Teresa de Cartagena, among others. She is currently writing a book entitled Pornopoetics: The Poetics of Pornography in Eighteenth Century Europe.
For more information on this and other events, view our annual Literary Events Calendar brochure here: www.washcoll.edu/live/files/7406-2017-2018. For more information on the Literary House, visit www.washcoll.edu/centers/lithouse/.
April 3 Remixpoint Inc
* Says 3,350 of its 8th series warrants were exercised into 335,000 shares, during the period from March 2 to March 29
* Says the shares were exercised at the price of 202 yen per share, for 67.7 million yen in total
Source text in Japanese:goo.gl/gwp4pz
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
Playing music requires the brain to manage a complex set of inputs and outputs. The brain must translate visual musical symbols into complex motor commands whilst simultaneously monitoring the resulting auditory information­­­­­.
Whilst the cognitive differences between musicians and non-musicians are well characterised, less is known about differences between musicians. Recent research from the Max Planck Institute for Human Cognitive and Brain Sciences (MPI CBS) in Leipzig, has sought to change that.
In a study, published in NeuroImage, Daniela Samler and her team investigated the neurobiological differences in action planning – how a musician plans and performs movements whilst they play – in pianists who had specialised in classical or jazz. The authors hypothesised that the underlying brain activity of the performer would differ depending on the genre of music they specialised in. This is because the two styles of playing are distinct.
The authors describe jazz musicians as performing in a “structure-generative” way, where the focus is on creating a novel sequence in real time, and playing off the audience and the other band members. Classical musicians, however, are “structure interpretive” – the piece of music is fixed by the composer, and the focus is on performing the piece perfectly.
To investigate this, they took 30 professional pianists (15 trained in jazz, 15 classically trained) and monitored their brain activity using Electroencephalography (EEG), whilst getting them to imitate a chord sequence. The sequence was intentionally filled with incongruities in the progression of the harmony, and alterations in the fingering of the chord, to see how the musicians' brains would react. The experiment was carried out in complete silence with a muted piano, to ensure the focus was just on action planning and the motor signals involved in that.
The scientists found that there were indeed differences in the brain activity between the two genres. The jazz musicians were more flexible in their playing, making them better at revising their action plan to accommodate harmonically unexpected chords, reflecting the improvisational nature of jazz. The classically trained musicians, conversely, faced more cognitive conflict and effort when required to revise their action plan. However, the classical pianists were better at detecting and following the unusual fingering, which perhaps reflects the focus on accurately performing a given piece of music.
So, if you play an instrument, the genre of music you choose to perform might be shaping your brain without you knowing.
Image credit: StockSnap via Pixabay
Against an obviously basic Seahawks defense, the Chargers first team offense looked like one of the greatest units in football history.
Philip Rivers led a 75-yard touchdown drive in his only action of the preseason opener. The starting defense played pretty well, too, with Joey Bosa and Melvin Ingram getting pressure on Seattle quarterback Russell Wilson.
“I thought our starters played pretty good,” said Chargers Head Coach Anthony Lynn. “But I need to see what's behind those guys. I need to see what we're taking to Denver on September 11.”
Therein lies the biggest problem for the 2017 Chargers that was under a magnifying glass in their 48-17 loss to Seattle: they have absolutely zero depth.
Aside from the opening drive and the one-play, 74-yard touchdown toss from Kellen Clemens to a criminally wide open Travis Benjamin, the Chargers reserves on offense turned the ball over four times and averaged 15 yards per possession. That's just not good enough, and at least a few guys in the locker room are not sugar coating it.
“You can't really judge how we're going to do this coming year based on what you just saw,” said offensive lineman Matt Slauson. “It's obvious we have a lot of work still to do. We have to find our depth, find who those guys are going to be because the reality of the league is those guys are going to have to play a lot.”
This is especially true for the Chargers, who have a recent history of injury issues. The problem resurfaced in the first exhibition game when linebacker Denzel Perryman injured an ankle. He is expected to miss four to six weeks.
Speaking of the defense, those reserves were not any better than the offensive guys. Pro Bowl cornerback Casey Hayward was stellar in his limited time. The guy listed on the depth chart behind him, rookie Michael Davis, was constantly picked on and looked at times like he was allergic to pigskin.
But the Chargers are choosing to chalk it up to the old cliché and asking everybody to relax, these games don't count.
“It's still the preseason. It's still something that you learn from,” said tight end Antonio Gates, who was on the receiving end of the Rivers touchdown toss (again). “You get an opportunity to put your team in certain situations where you see who you can depend on, who you can count on.”
If the first outing of 2017 is any indication the Chargers can't count on very many guys, most notably the ones who put this roster together in the first place.
#FIFAU17WC : Prime Minister Narendra Modi meets Indian football team before their match against the USA at Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium in Delhi. pic.twitter.com/2NibBnTzRv
— ANI (@ANI) October 6, 2017
In a setback, India lost 0-3 to the USA in their first match of the FIFA U17 World Cup, on Friday.Before the beginning of the match, Prime Minister Narendra Modi graced Indian football's historic moment when he greeted players of both the teams before the kick off India's opening FIFA U-17 World Cup match against the USA, here.Modi, who arrived at the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium after the first match of the day between Ghana and Colombia, went out from the VIP dais to the playing pitch and shook hands with both the teams.The Indian team who today made history by becoming the first football players from the country to play in a FIFA World Cup.The Prime Minister stood on the ground when the national anthems of India and US were sung.Sports Minister Rajyavardhan Rathore, FIFA Secetrary General Fatma Samba Diouf Samoura, Asian Football Confederation President Shaikh Salman Ebrahim Al Khalifa and All India Football Federation chief Praful Patel accompanied him.This is the first FIFA tournament the country is hosting. The Prime Minister also honoured some of India's footballing legends, which include P K Banerjee (who came in a wheelchair), Syed Nayeemuddin, I M Vijayan, Bhaichuing Bhutia, Sunil Chhetri and Bembem Devi.Modi presented all of them with a shawl and a momento. Chuni Goswami's name was also mentioned but he did not attend the function.Earlier, the government had planned to stage an opening ceremony before the kick-off but the world football governing body had expressed displeasure at the move.The Prime Minister has been taking a lot of interest in the hosting of this U-17 World Cup and has been telling the countrymen in his popular radio programme 'man ki baat' about how this prestigious tournament can raise the profile of the sport in this country.The central government has also spent more than Rs 120 crore for this showpiece event.
Media Contact
InJoy Enterprises
6463973686
***@injoyenterprises.com InJoy Enterprises6463973686
End
-- Music is a part of our everyday life. It affects us tremendously. Many of us associate certain songs or music with major events in our lives. How does music affect the music makers? That's what the new show "Conversations on Music & Life" endeavors to share.Conversations on Music & Life (CoM&L), hosted by Marko Nobles, is a new weekly radio show and podcast that airs on internet radio stations RhythmAndSoulRadio.com and FusionatSunset.com. The show is also available to stream on demand at mixcloud.com/coml. CoM&L is a one on one conversation with artists in the fields of R&B, Jazz & Soul that discusses the music that has affected the artist during their life and gives an insight into them as a musician and as a person.Initial episodes of CoM&L feature internationally acclaimed independent artist Navasha Daya, Iconic R&B artist Freddie Jackson, Award winning Singer/songwriter Phil Perry and "The Prince of Sophisticated Soul" Will Downing. The music discussed during these conversations range from Gospel Legend Rev. James Cleveland to Nat King Cole to Michael Jackson to Stevie Wonder to Little Anthony and much more. "This show gives a great lesson in music history and provides a fascinating insight into how the artists that affect so many with their music are affected by music" says Marko. "It has certainly shown me how connected we really are and I believe those listening will become even closer to some of their favorite artists and gain some new favorite artists because of this show."CoM&L has been created as the first property in a partnership between InJoy Enterprises and G2 Marketing, to be distributed under the banner of G2 Digital Media Group. CoM&L airs Wednesday evenings at 10pm on RhythmAndSoulRadio.com and Saturday Mornings at 11am on FusionatSunset.com. The show is then available for on demand streaming at mixcloud.com/coml.About InJoy EnterprisesInJoy Enterprises and RhythmAndSoulRadio.com has been a staple of the independent music scene in New York giving platforms to and featuring independent artists. InJoy Enterprises has and continues to produce multiple shows and events annually. InJoy Enterprises created and currently produces "Rhythm-N-Soul Radio" which airs Tuesday nights from 10PM - 12midnight on Harlem Community Radio WHCR 90.3FM and streams on the web at www.whcr.org. Rhythm-N-Soul Radio is an "urban eclectic" radio program featuring music from independent and commercial artists ranging from R&B, Hip-Hop, Soul, Spoken word, Classics, Rock, Reggae, Soca and more. The show has been on the air for over 20 years and is the foundation for the creation of the 24 hour Urban Eclectic Internet Radio Station www.RhythmAndSoulRadio.com which was launched in March 2008 and is currently heard in over 100 countries averaging approximately 15,000 listeners per month.About G2 MarketingG2 Marketing is developing a portfolio of Digital and Streaming brands delivering targeted and compelling content across multiple platforms. One of the signature properties of G2 Marketing is FusionatSunset.com. FusionAtSunset.com is designed for music lovers who appreciate the highest levels of artistry, performance, skill and production values. Nothing is more fun than introducing our listeners and visitors to music, artists and experiences. Some of the music in FAS playlist is new, some is old and never received widespread distribution/airplay on broadcast radio. Fusion At Sunset in short is Jazz & Conversation for Card-Carrying Adults.
Inside a Connecticut barbershop, there's a doggy in the window — he's a star named Teddy.
The famous pup spends his days at Paulie's Professional Barber Shop in South Windsor, waiting to greet arriving customers.
“He's a barber dog,” said shop owner, Paulie Lachance. It's a title Teddy the Dog takes very seriously.
Along with a trim or shave, customers get a haircut companion. Tom Aiello said that's one reason he loves to stop by.
“I think it's fantastic. He's one of the team guys,” said Aiello.
Teddy is a terrier mix who joined Lachance's family back in October 2013. His story, however, wasn't always a happy one. Teddy was found roaming a field in Tennessee, starving and eating mice after he was tossed out of a car.
“They said he was emaciated. He was very, very thin, skin and bones,” Lachance recalled.
Teddy was sent to Connecticut to live with a foster family who happened to be one of Lachance's clients.
“I told him I had always wanted a shop dog, and the guy almost fell out of the chair. He's like, ‘I got the perfect dog for you,'” said Lachance,
Fate and an adoption event brought the two together.
“He has been the best addition to my business and my personal life,” said Lachance.
Lachance credits Teddy with keeping his business booming. He said nine out of 10 people are at his shop to see Teddy, and the haircut is just a bonus.
“People walk by the shop every day and honestly just make their way in here just to say ‘Hi' to the dog,” said Nick LaRusso, an employee at the barber shop.
The barbers at a Paulie's Professional Barber Shop admit Teddy is tough competition. He takes his tips in treats, has the most clients and is pretty much famous.
“He is a celebrity! I joke all the time that I am going to run him for mayor and I think he could win,” said Lachance.
Elected official or official barber shop dog, there is no doubt this pup is proof that a rescue animal can reach new heights and our hearts.
“You got all the love you can handle and you are saving a life,” said Lachance.
Photo Credit: NBC Connecticut
- As noted, WWE did a dark segment at this week's RAW in Dallas that saw Ronda Rousey destroy Dana Brooke. The crowd was for the live crowd only and aired before The Ultimate Deletion. WWE then aired dark segments with Elias, Braun Strowman and Kane for the live crowd while The Ultimate Deletion aired on the USA Network. WWE posted this video from Ronda's segment with Dana.
- Injured WWE RAW Superstar Big Cass was backstage at Monday's show in Dallas, according to PWInsider. We noted back in mid-February that Cass had been spotted at the WWE Performance Center in Orlando and was said to be looking good, moving around without any assistance. Word going around at RAW was that Cass is in the final stages of being cleared and could return to the storylines on RAW soon.
Cass has been out of action since August 2017 after undergoing surgery to repair a torn ACL. It was said then that Cass would be out of action until around May, forcing him to miss WrestleMania 34 while WWE had a single push planned for him. It sounds like Cass may be back before May based on talk at RAW this week.
- Sasha Banks took to Twitter after this week's RAW and tweeted the following as the tension between her and Bayley continued. Banks and Bayley lost to Mandy Rose and Sonya Deville in tag team action due to an argument between the two.
BROKERING BUDS: Peter McKenzie and Paul Munson went out on a limb to start Darling Downs Insurance Brokers 27 years ago but tomorrow they're saying goodbye to loyal clients from over the years as they both retire.
BROKERING BUDS: Peter McKenzie and Paul Munson went out on a limb to start Darling Downs Insurance Brokers 27 years ago but tomorrow they're saying goodbye to loyal clients from over the years as they both retire. Marian Faa
A BOLD pair of brokers who banded together to fight centralisation are finally taking off their suit ties and retiring after 27 years in business.
When Warwick's Suncorp branch announced it was slashing Warwick staff and centralising back in 1991, Peter McKenzie and Paul Munson decided they would seize a new opportunity.
The pair backed each another in a brave step to become the region's first insurance brokers and the only independent brokers.
"It was challenging, that's for sure," Mr McKenzie said.
Starting from nothing, the two worked tireless hours and lived solely off savings for their first year of business.
But through the years, Darling Downs Insurance Brokers' reputation began to spread across the country.
"Our first client was mayor of the time, Stan Walsh, which gave a boost to our confidence," Mr Munson said.
In their first four years, the independent brokers took on 2500clients.
BEGINNINGS: Peter McKenzie and Paul Munson in the early days of their business, Darling Downs Insurance Brokers. Contributed
But a challenge for the small-town brokers came with the new millennium when the Financial Services Reform Act was passed in April 2001.
The act meant the business would have to expand by at least 30per cent in order to survive the new costs imposed on insurance brokers.
Keeping the dream alive, the pair purchased books of business from three other companies in town, including Ray Lyons and Andrew Brennan.
Establishing an office in Toowoomba, the name of the business changed from Warwick and District Insurance Broker to its name of today.
Through the years, the business has grown to service customers right across the country.
"It's nothing for us to have clients from Tasmania, Perth ... and most of those are people who have lived in Warwick but moved away and stayed with us," Mr Munson said.
Today, the company's household policy is regarded as one of the best in Australia.
"I think Peter and I got on very well. I don't think we have had a cross word in 27 years," Mr Munson said.
Peter McKenzie and Paul Munson look back on 27 years of success. Marian Faa
With only six staff members through the business in that whole time, they seem to be treating their employees right too.
"It's the people and the camaraderie that has been the highlight," MrMcKenzie said.
But as the pair prepare to farewell their fruitful careers, they say all will be business as usual for new and existing clients.
The company will be taken over by Paul's son, Andrew Munson, and Brad Millard, who have both been working in the business for a number of years.
While Mr Munson jets off to Europe in time for the Armistice Day centenary celebrations in London, MrMcKenzie will be putting up his feet and taking a well-earned rest while he contemplates the next chapter of his life. Both plan to remain in the Warwick region, where they were born and bred.
Both plan to remain in Warwick - the region where they were born and bred.
Mr Munson and Mr McKenzie would like to invite their clients for a farewell "cuppa" at their Warwick office at 70 Grafton St this Friday between 10am and 2pm.
This year, their flagship campus, Academy of Math and Science Prince (AMS Prince) was recognized as the 2016 Charter School of the Year by the Arizona Charter Schools Association from a candidate pool of over 500 charter schools.
Academy of Math & Science recognized as 2016 Arizona Charter School of the Year
Contact
Gabriel Chavez
520-887-5392 ext. 1018
***@amstucson.org Gabriel Chavez520-887-5392 ext. 1018
End
-- For 15 years, the tireless team at Academy of Math and Science has accomplished much from receiving the National Blue Ribbon award for their high academic achievement with diverse student populations, to being one of the highest performing schools in the state. This year, their flagship campus, Academy of Math and Science Prince (AMS Prince) was recognized as the 2016 Charter School of the Year by the Arizona Charter Schools Association from a candidate pool of over 500 charter schools.AMS Prince will be celebrating this achievement along with their 15 years of service on February 15th, 2017 located at 1557 W Prince Road. The event begins at 8:30 with a networking breakfast, followed by student performances and guest speakers.Speakers will include Mayor Jonathan Rothschild, Robert DiBacco, Chief Operating Officer of Arizona Charter Schools Association, and Lisa Keegan, Executive Director of A for Arizona and former Arizona State Superintendent of Public Instruction.With an anticipated attendance of 75 local business, education, and non-profit leaders, the event will also be an excellent opportunity to interact with community-oriented organizations making a difference in Tucson and Arizona.About Academy of Math and ScienceThe Academies of Math & Science is a tuition free, STEM focused charter school network founded in 2000, with four campuses in the state of Arizona, two located in Phoenix and two in Tucson. Their curriculum includes foreign languages such as Mandarin, Russian, and Spanish, as well as music and arts including poetry, piano, and guitar. They also offer free tutoring and Saturday school for their students. For more information, please visit http://www.amsschools.org
On Tuesday, the Department of the Treasury and the White House used their blogs to announce that the employer reporting requirements and the employer shared responsibility/play or pay penalty under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act are being delayed until 2015. The Treasury said that it will provide a formal announcement and additional details next week.
Background
The employer shared responsibility/play or pay requirement provides that employers with 50 or more full-time or full-time equivalent employees must offer affordable, minimum value coverage to most full-time (30-plus hours/week) employees or pay a penalty. That requirement was scheduled to take effect Jan. 1, 2014, although employers that met transition requirements could delay compliance until the start of the 2014 plan year.
In addition, extensive reporting was expected to be required regarding the coverage offered to employees. The blogs state that (1) the reporting requirements will be provided later this summer; (2) reporting will not be required until 2015; and (3) since it is not possible to assess or enforce employer penalties without reporting, the play or pay mandate also will be delayed until 2015.
What's Been Delayed
The play or pay provision requires employers with 50 or more full-time equivalent employees to do the following to avoid penalties:
» 1. Offer minimum essential coverage to at least 95 percent of full-time employees (and their child-dependents);
» 2. Offer minimum value (60 percent) coverage to all full-time employees;
» 3. Offer affordable (not greater than 9.5 percent of income) coverage to all full-time employees;
» 4. Count employees' hours to determine whether they average 30 or more hours work per week; and,
» 5. Consider employees who average 30 or more hours per week full-time for purposes of their health plan.
Because of the delay, employers will not need to meet these requirements for 2014.
What's Still Required
The delay in the play or pay requirement does not affect the insurance market reforms. This means that these requirements are still scheduled to go into effect as of the start of the 2014 plan year (with penalties of up to $100 per person per day for non-compliance). These requirements apply to all plans except as noted:
» 1. Waiting periods cannot be more than 90 days from the date the employee becomes eligible. (Note: In California, some plans restrict the waiting period to no more than 60 days.)
» 2. All pre-existing condition limitations must be removed.
» 3. The out-of-pocket maximum cannot exceed $6,350 for individual and $12,700 for family coverage.
» 4. Essential health benefits may not have annual dollar limits.
» 5. Grandfathered plans must cover dependent children to age 26 even if the child has access to his/her own employer-provided coverage.
» 6. The new wellness program requirements.
» 7. For small insured plans, whether in or outside the exchange/marketplace, coverage must include the essential health benefits, at the bronze, silver, gold or platinum level, with a deductible of not more than $2,000 for individual and $4,000 for family coverage.
» 8. For small insured plans, whether in or outside the exchange/marketplace, modified community rating (rating classes are limited to age, tobacco use, family size and geographic area), guaranteed issue and guaranteed renewal (with some limitations) will apply. Note that tobacco use is not a permitted limitation in California.
Employers also must meet these PPACA requirements:
» 1. Reporting and payment of the PCORI fee by July 31, 2013, for plans that ended Oct. 1, 2012 through Dec. 31, 2012
» 2. Timely distribution of any MLR rebates the plan may receive
» 3. Providing a Summary of Benefits and Coverage (SBC) as part of open enrollment
» 4. Distributing the DOL notice regarding the exchange by Oct. 1, 2013
» 5. Reporting health-care costs on the employee's W-2 (the exemption for employers that issued fewer than 250 W-2s in the prior year or that contribute to a multiple employer plan will continue for the 2013 W-2)
» 6. Paying the transitional reinsurance fee, due in January 2015
What's Next
The government stated in the delay announcements that the exchanges are still expected to begin open enrollment on Oct. 1. It is unclear at this point how the delay of the play or pay requirement will affect determination of employee eligibility for subsidies. Presumably, the official guidance that Treasury has promised to provide next week will address this issue.
Click here for the White House blog, “We're Listening to Businesses Sbout the Health Care Law.
Click here for the Treasury blog, “Continuing to Implement the ACA in a Careful, Thoughtful Manner.”
— Dana Dunaway is the finance and systems director for Beneflex Insurance Services.
France 24 Ireland 0
It was a night to forget for Ireland in Toulouse, as they suffered a comprehensive defeat at the hands of France in their Women's Six Nations opener.
This game represented the dawn of a new era for Ireland, following the retirement of several key players and the appointment of interim head coach Adam Griggs.
However, thanks to eye-catching tries from Cyrielle Banet, Jade Le Pesq (two) and Jessy Trémoulière, France comfortably secured a bonus-point victory at Stade Ernest Wallon.
While Leinster winger Megan Williams was the sole debutant in their starting line-up, France were the odds-on favourites to maintain their perfect home record against Ireland. Fullback Trémoulière's early penalty rebounded off the posts, but after she combined effectively with Pauline Bourdon, Montpellier winger Banet stepped inside from the right wing for a sixth-minute try.
With their opponents already dictating play, Ireland needed to establish some territory of their own. The returning Niamh Briggs found touch with a brace of close-range penalties, but Les Bleus eventually claimed their second try on 25 minutes.
Bourdon's crossfield ball was gathered by Caroline Boujard – who released Le Pesq for a superb score underneath the posts.
Trémoulière supplied the extras on this occasion, before crossing over from a subsequent attack to give France a 17-0 interval lead. This left Ireland with a lot of ground to cover, although they did find themselves on the front-foot when the action resumed.
They lost Ciara Cooney to injury just before the hour mark, and with Ciara O'Connor indirectly replacing the Railway Union secondrow, there was a significant reshuffle in the Irish pack.
In her absence, Ireland worked hard to halt France's quest for a fourth try, before Le Pesq completed the scoring with a neat finish in the right corner on 72 minutes.
FRANCE: J Trémoulière; C Boujard, J Le Pesq, C Boudaud, C Banet; P Bourdon, Y Riovalen; L Arricastre, A Sochat, J Duval; C Ferer, S N'Diaye; M Mayans, G Hermet, R Ménager.
Replacements: M Ménager for Boujard (46 mins); G Mignot for Sochat, P Carricaburu for Duval (both 50); D Traore for Arricastre, A Forlani for Fere (both 54); G Venier for Riovalen, C Diallo for R Ménager (both 59); E Coudert for Banet (72).
IRELAND: K Flood; M Williams, C McLaughlin, S Naoupu, A Miller; N Briggs, A Hughes; L Peat, C Moloney, F Reidy; C Cooney, O Fitzsimons; A Caplice, C Molloy, C Griffin.
Replacements: N Fryday for Fitzsimons, P Fitzpatrick for Caplice (both 45 mins); L Lyons for Reidy (50); C O'Connor for Cooney, M Healy for Hughes (both 57); M Coyne for Flood, N Caughey for Briggs, L Feely for Peat (all 75).
Referee: I Tempest (England).
BRUSSELS The European Union is ready to talk to Britain on a future free trade deal before the two sides agree final terms on Brexit, draft EU negotiating guidelines issued on Friday show.
As part of a "phased approach", Britain would just have to show "sufficient progress" on its divorce settlement in a first phase of negotiations and EU states could release a lock and agree to launch trade talks in a second phase.
But that concession to Theresa May two days after she triggered a two-year countdown to withdrawal was accompanied by elements in the draft circulated by EU summit chair Donald Tusk that the British prime minister may find less palatable.
They include an insistence that during a transition period likely to follow Britain's departure in 2019 and before a free trade pact can be finalised, the British must accept EU rules, including budget contributions and judicial oversight, that are some of the main reasons a majority voted for Brexit last June.
If Britain remains a part of the EU single market for a time after Brexit, it would also have to respect all "four freedoms", which would mean accepting free immigration from the continent.
The draft guidelines, seen by Reuters after European Council President Tusk distributed them to the 27 other governments in the bloc on Friday, may be somewhat revised over the next month before being endorsed by the 27 leaders at a summit on April 29.
Among other elements in the eight-page document, which Tusk will outline at a news conference later on Friday, is a priority to settle legal uncertainty for EU expatriates living on either side of the new EU-U.K. frontier. It says rights acquired before a cutoff on the day Brexit takes effect should be retained.
Responding to May's warning that she might prefer to walk away without a deal, the EU should be ready for such an outcome but will, the document says, work to ensure that does not happen as it would be in the interests of neither side.
JUNE TALKS
The guidelines will form the basis of a mandate for chief EU negotiator Michel Barnier. He expects to launch negotiations in early June, giving him about 16 months to conclude the basics of a withdrawal treaty that can then be ratified by lawmakers on both sides in time for Brexit on March 29, 2019.
"In these negotiations the Union will act as one. It will be constructive throughout and will strive to find an agreement. This is in the best interest of both sides," the draft says.
"The Union will work hard to achieve that outcome, but it will prepare itself to be able to handle the situation also if the negotiations were to fail."
Over the past nine months, EU leaders and officials have resisted British calls for immediate negotiations on a deep and comprehensive free trade agreement to replace Britain's lost access to the EU single market by ensuring low or zero tariffs and harmonising regulations to encourage trade in services.
Many have insisted Britain must first make good on a divorce settlement that will include it settling outstanding financial commitments -- the EU has advanced a ballpark figure of 60 billion euros ($64 billion) -- agreeing new border arrangements and clarifying the rights of EU expatriates on either side of the new frontier.
Legally, a trade deal cannot be signed until Britain has left and many on both sides believe that, going by typical times to negotiate such accords, it will take several years beyond 2019 before one is in place. In her trigger letter to Tusk, May called for trade talks to move ahead "alongside" the divorce.
In his draft guidelines, Tusk proposed that if the 27 leaders saw "sufficient progress" towards a withdrawal treaty then negotiations on a future trading relationship could start.
Some governments are firmer than others in refusing trade talks from the start, so the guidelines could change. And there could be difficulties for Britain later in securing the agreement of the 27 as a group that progress was sufficient.
The guidelines put no timeframe on how long a transition between Brexit and a new relationship should last. Many EU officials believe it could be between two and five years.
But during that time, when May hopes to win an election in 2020 where she will want to show she has delivered Brexit, the EU will insist Britain should remain subject to the EU's "regulatory, budgetary, supervisory and enforcement instruments and structures" -- effectively accepting existing EU rules and their enforcement by the European Court of Justice.
(Reporting by Alastair Macdonald; @macdonaldrtr; editing by Philip Blenkinsop)
NEW YORK (AP) — The latest on developments in financial markets (all times local):
9:35 a.m.
Hopes that new elections in Italy can be avoided helped send stocks broadly higher in the U.S. and Europe.
The gains early Wednesday on Wall Street erased about half of the market's losses from a day earlier, when investors worried that an impasse in Italian politics could destabilize the euro.
Advertisement
Banks, which took heavy losses the day before, rebounded. JPMorgan Chase added 1.5 percent. U.S. banks were benefiting from a turn higher in bond yields, which allows them to charge higher interest rates on loans.
The S&P 500 index rose 16 points, or 0.6 percent, to 2,706.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 162 points, or 0.6 percent, to 24,517. The Nasdaq climbed 34 points, or 0.5 percent, to 7,431.
The yield on the 10-year Treasury rose to 2.85 percent.
Commonwealth Bank customers may be entitled to a refund.
A BIG decision from the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC) will result in refunds for over 65,000 Commonwealth Bank customers.
ASIC determined that the Commonwealth Bank had sold customers unsuitable credit card insurance with their 'CreditCard Plus', with approximately $10 million to be refunded.
ASIC said that the Commonwealth Bank will provide remediation for customers sold this product between 2011 and 2015, who were either students or unemployed.
Peter Kell, ASIC deputy chair, said it was unacceptable that these groups were sold the insurance.
"One of ASIC's priorities is addressing poor consumer outcomes associated with add-on insurance, including CCI," he said.
"Consumers should not be sold products that provide little or no benefit, and banks should have processes in place that ensure this."
Approximately $586,000 in premiums will also be refunded to 10,000 customers, after it was found they over-insured for Home Loan Protection credit card insurance.
The State Street Corporation, a financial services company that put the "Fearless Girl" statue on Wall Street to promote the importance of women working in corporate leadership roles, will pay $5 million after an investigation found that it underpaid female and black executives.
The company denies any wrongdoing, but will pay as part of a settlement with the Department of Labor. Law360 reported on the payout earlier this week, and Bloomberg posted the text of the conciliation agreement online.
The Department of Labor investigation found "statistically significant" differences in the pay given women and men in leadership roles at the firm, as well as between the compensation of black and white employees. The differences persisted when the investigators accounted for "legitimate factors," the Department of Labor says.
A spokeswoman for the company tells NPR the investigation, which began in 2012, examined executive pay at the company's Boston headquarters in 2010 and 2011. In an official statement, the company says it "disagreed with" the findings of the investigation but "made a decision to bring this six-year-old matter to resolution and move forward."
State Street is "committed to equal pay practices," the company's statement continued.
State Street Corporation commissioned the Fearless Girl statue on Wall Street in honor of International Women's Day this year.
The "confident young" girl is staring down the famous Charging Bull statue — much to the chagrin of Arturo Di Modica, that statue's sculptor, who says it unacceptably alters the meaning of his work.
The statuary stand-off gained a new participant for a few hours this spring, when a small pug statue lifted its leg beside the Fearless Girl's foot.
After installing the statue, State Street said the piece of art sent a "powerful message." "[O]ur goal was to raise awareness and drive a conversation around the need to improve gender diversity in corporate leadership roles," the company wrote. It also shared advice on how to increase the representation of women on corporate boards.
The statue had a mixed reaction from the start.
In March, NPR's Rose Friedman reported that some people were charmed by it, but others — like economist Sylvia Ann Hewlett — had fundamental objections. Hewlett didn't criticize State Street itself; she called it more progressive than many of its competitors. But the statue ...
"Please don't depict American womanhood as a cute 9-year-old," Hewlett told Rose. "The choice of portraying the fierce female as someone who is immature, as someone who hasn't tangled with the world, is a little bit of a travesty."
At the free, online course "Quasi-static actuators", October 12, there will be an introduction to the basic parameters, useful when selecting a piezo actuator for a quasi-static application.
Learn how to choose the right piezo actuator, October 12
Contact
Noliac, a part of CTS Corporation
Att.: Lotte Beck
+4549125030
info@noliac.com Noliac, a part of CTS CorporationAtt.: Lotte Beck+4549125030
End
--The load applied to a piezo actuator plays a crucial role in defining its performance. This webinar describes the two basic types of loads: constant load and spring load, but more complex loads are also addressed. The displacement curve generated under the different loads is explained. The webinar includes a case study showing a practical example of how to choose a piezo actuator meeting specific requirements.Noliac's webinars are held by two experienced engineers from Noliac giving you a thorough introduction to quasi-static actuators. The webinar is live, and with the chat function you can ask questions to the presenters during the webinar.There is a limit of 25 participants for each webinar, so sign up now at http://www.noliac.com/?id=661!The webinar takes place October 12 at 3 pm CET. You will receive a link with all the practical information approximately 1 week before the webinar wcj takes place.Sign up here at http://www.noliac.com/? id=661 The purpose of our piezo webinars and tutorials is to get you closer to the world of piezo. We provide insight from the basics of piezoelectricity, piezo components and different types of piezo actuators to complex piezo motors.Go to our tutorials at http://www.noliac.com/?id=498Sign up for our webinars at http://www.noliac.com/?id=661
Huge loads of electricity transmitted over long distances can cost millions of dollars for power distribution companies. In the Asia-Pacific (APAC) region, proliferating expanse of industrialisation and urbanisation has spiked its power consumption capacities. Power distribution systems operating in this region are adopting advanced technologies and alternative sources. Governments across several APAC countries are inducing higher investment in their offshore wind projects, and while doing so, they are compelled to use efficient power transmission systems. Thus, HVDC transmission systems are actively instated to provide power over long distances across multiple offshore wind projects in the APAC region. Revenues from these measures are projected to fuel the growth of the region's HVDC transmission systems market.
A recent report published by Future Market Insights projects that by the end of 2026, the HVDC transmission systems market in Asia-Pacific region will expand at a robust CAGR of 10.1%. Currently, the market is estimated to be valued at US$ 1,447.6 Mn, and is anticipated to surpass US$ 3,700 Mn towards the end of 2026. The report predicts that apart from rising adoption of HVDC transmission systems in APAC's offshore wind projects, the cost-effectiveness of HVDC transmission systems will also promote their adoption rate.
Request for Sample @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-ap-3267
Unlike HVAC systems, initial costs of installing HVDC transmission systems are high, but are immaterialised as setting up terminal stations and extending power lines saves quite a lot of capital. Furthermore, HVDC transmission systems are eco-friendly and highly-efficient in supplying power to the remotest of areas as they are deployed in multiple routes such as overhead, underground, subsea, or a combination of these. The report reveals that in 2016, more than one-third of HVDC transmission systems installed across the Asia-Pacific region were deployed as overhead transmission systems. However, towards the end of the forecast period, subsea deployment of HVDC transmission systems is likely to gain traction and rake in over US$ 1 Bn in revenues.
The report also reveals that throughout the forecast period, VSC technology will dominate the HVDC transmission systems market in APAC region by accounting for more than 60% revenue share. Likewise, HVDC transmission systems installed as power solutions will hold a major share of the market's value, while services offered for working of these systems are likely to register a 12.3% CAGR in terms of revenues.
Request for Table of Contents @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-ap-3267
The report has bifurcated the APAC region into Japan and Asia-Pacific excluding Japan (APEJ), and these sub-regions are expected to be demand higher power distribution and effective transmission. Another factor promoting the use of HVDC transmission systems over other alternatives is their efficacy in averting power outages or blackouts. Nearly 50% of the market's revenues are, thus, accounted by HVDC transmission systems with power ratings of 2,001 MWs and above. Also, more than three-fourth of the market's growth in concentrated in the APEJ region, making it the dominant region in Asia-Pacific.
The report has also profiled prominent players in the APAC HVDC transmission systems market which include ABB Ltd., Siemens AG, Toshiba Corporation, TransGrid Solutions Inc., General Electric Co., Hitachi Ltd., Abengoa SA, ATCO Electric Ltd., and Prysmian SpA.
Report Overview @ https://www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/apac-hvdc-transmissions-system-market
WASHINGTON (AP) — Some elements of the Taliban in Afghanistan are showing interest in peace talks, the top U.S. commander in Kabul said Wednesday, citing "off stage" contacts involving what he described as mid- and high-level leaders of the insurgency.
"A number of channels of dialogue have opened up between the various stakeholders in the peace process," Nicholson told reporters at the Pentagon. Speaking from his office in Kabul, Nicholson said he could not name names because the contacts are being pursued confidentially to improve the chances of advancing toward actual peace talks.
"What you're seeing right now is a lot of the diplomatic activity and dialogue is occurring off the stage, and it's occurring at multiple levels," he said. "So you see mid-level, senior-level Taliban leaders engaging with Afghans." He added that unspecified international organizations, foreign governments and other interested parties also are involved.
U.S. officials have talked up the prospects for peace many times over the course of the 17-year war in Afghanistan, only to be disappointed. When President Donald Trump announced last August that he was committing to winning the war with a revamped strategy, he said the goal was to compel the Taliban — with help from Pakistan and other interested nations — to seek peace. However, a U.S. government watchdog agency recently reported that it saw few signs that this strategy was working, while acknowledging that the Afghan security forces are getting better training.
Advertisement
Inside the Taliban, Nicholson said, there is a "robust dialogue" underway with regard to whether and how to end the war. He asserted there are "many points of intersection" between Taliban and Afghan proposals for pursuing peace.
"This is what, you know, leads me to the conclusion that there's tremendous potential to advance the reconciliation dialogue," he said. "And, again, I don't want to go any further. My diplomatic colleagues are the ones that are involved in this, and their ability to be successful depends in part upon the confidentiality of the process."
Nicholson, who has commanded U.S. and coalition forces in Afghanistan since March 2016, is due to leave his post this summer. The Pentagon on Tuesday announced that Trump nominated Army Lt. Gen. Scott Miller to succeed Nicholson.
While speaking hopefully of peace prospects, Nicholson also told reporters that U.S. rocket artillery struck a gathering of Taliban commanders on May 24 in the Musa Qala district of Helmand province, killing "dozens." His spokesman, Lt. Col. Martin O'Donnell, said earlier that more than 50 were killed but that an exact count has not yet been established.
Nicholson said the Taliban commanders had assembled upon returning from the western province of Farah, where their fighters had attacked multiple security checkpoints and briefly taken control of the provincial city of the same name. Nicholson said 50 of these commanders had been tracked to Musa Qala and targeted by U.S. rocket artillery.
While saying the U.S. attack had disrupted the Taliban network in Helmand province, including its drug trafficking, Nicholson stopped short of saying the killing of dozens of insurgent commanders would have a decisive impact on the war.
"I would not call it strategic significance, but it definitely has a significant local significance in terms of the fight in southern Afghanistan," he said.
Park district finally gets state grant, plans upgrades at Lake Ellyn
hello
Visitors to Lake Ellyn will see a "finished product" this summer when the Glen Ellyn Park District plans to complete a project funded in part by a newly released state grant.
The park district intended to make the improvements while restoring the Lake Ellyn Boathouse to a close replica of its original 1935 design. But commissioners scaled back the plan after Gov. Bruce Rauner put a hold on state grants for new construction and land acquisition shortly after he took office.
The park district received word late last summer that Rauner's administration had lifted the suspension on the $400,000 matching grant originally promised in 2014. The funding will allow the park district to move forward with upgrades spelled out in a long-term plan for Lake Ellyn that the board adopted four years ago.
"It will be a finished product and very consistent with this master plan we approved years ago," Executive Director Dave Harris said Tuesday. "The goal was to implement elements over time as we could afford them."
Those elements include a new fishing pier on the northwest corner of the lake, landscaping, signs, benches and bike racks. If commissioners agree to proceed, the park district also would replace a playground built in 1991 and reconfigure trails near the south side of the lake.
The master plan calls for moving those paths west, away from the shore and closer to the playground to open up green space. That also means more room for spectators of the annual Lake Ellyn Cardboard Boat Regatta.
"The greater lawn space will be really nice for special events," Harris said.
New lighting would match fixtures installed along the park's central corridor during the restoration of the boathouse last summer. Crews also would anchor several vegetative restorers -- "small floating islands" on Lake Ellyn -- that help capture sediment as stormwater washes over plantings, Harris said.
The devices would float near underwater catch basins that already act like filters to trap heavy debris before stormwater spills into the lake.
"This will further clean the water," Harris said.
The state grant would cover half the roughly $800,000 project, and the park district would pay for the rest. The Illinois Department of Natural Resources already has released about $200,000 of the grant up front.
Commissioners will vote Feb. 21 on awarding a $57,180 contract for Wight & Company to oversee the project. The board also could approve bids for general contractors. Wight, a Chicago-based firm, was the construction manager on the boathouse renovations.
The park district set aside about $2.9 million for the meticulous restoration of the one-story building and construction of a stand-alone bathroom near the playground. That work came in under budget at $2.82 million and wrapped up in time for the cardboard boat regatta.
The park district also wants to complete the improvements by the third week of June. The handmade boats traditionally set sail on the Saturday before the Fourth of July.
"We hope to move quickly," Harris said.
President Hassan Rouhani's adviser and Iranian Government spokesman Mohammad-Baqer Nobakht arrived in Golestan province on Monday morning to visit flood-stricken areas.
During his trip, Nobakht is scheduled to visit Aliabad and Ramian, two towns which have been hit by flash floods, IRNA reported.
After visiting the damaged areas, he will attend Crisis Management Committee meeting of the province to discuss ways of helping the affected people.
The flash floods which happened in the northeastern provinces of Golestan and Khorasan Razavi on August 10-11 claimed the lives of 12 people.
Nobakht had earlier visited flood-stricken areas in Khorasan Razavi Province.
The floods triggered by heavy rains have so far claimed five lives in the provincial city of Kalat, two in Dargaz, one in Neishabour and one in Fariman, Director General of provincial Crisis Management Office Hojjatali Shayanfar said.
Customers are loving the new Nautical inspired collection for this Summer by Match Set love entitled -Maritime Magic.
Contact
Liezel Glaubitz
***@matchsetlove.com Liezel Glaubitz
End
-- As the days are getting longer and we're spoilt with sunshine and blue skies, design studio, Match Set Love, launched a new Maritime themed wall décor collection.Inspired by her new homeland, the Netherlands, this new collection by designer Liezel Glaubitz, aims to create a holiday feel within your own four walls. The cries of seagulls and the ever-enduring wind from the North Sea combined with the warmth of summer is translated through these new designs.The Match Set Love Maritime Magic Range includes 15 new designs as well as a Combination Value Set popular with clients as an all-round décor and gifting solution. The range adds six new wall sticker designs which are easy to apply and best of all- not a lifelong commitment. When you are ready to let go, you can simply peel them off as the high-quality wall vinyl is removable. Adorn your walls with anchors, waves, whales, starfish, paper boats or cute little unicorn seahorse creatures to add some magic and sea vibes to your space.The new Wall Hanging Flag made from 100% white cotton introduced with the Spring 2017 Refresh Collection was raved about and made a come back with 4 new wording designs featuring holiday and inspirational messages in a fun 'handwritten' font. There are only limited numbers available with the wording: Ride the big waves, Life is better at the beach & Seas the day. There is also one version in Dutch: "Pluk de dag" which is the Dutch translation for 'Seize the Day.Three new Printable Typography Posters are also part of the collection. This is such a fun way to refresh your interior. Because the image file is downloadable, you can literally print it off a few minutes after your transaction has cleared Even if you don't have a frame at hand, don't worry, you can use some washi tape to tape it to your wall or attach it to a clipboard for a very hip approach.There are 22 fabulous vinyl colours to choose from, however, this collection focusses on the more traditional nautical colours that include dark blue and gold with beige and black as neutrals. New to the palette is pastel pink and pastel blue."I can't wait to see how my customers will interpret this new line. It is a very exciting process to see which items become the best sellers and how each one is being used. Quite often I am surprised about the 'out of the box' thinking of my customers and their fabulous ideas! Being a designer is such a rewarding experience and it is a great privilege to work with people from all around the world." says Liezel GlaubitzEach order is handmade and packaged with great care and detail before sent on their journey around the globe.You may view the collection here: https://matchsetlove.com/ maritime-magic/
PROTEIN POWER: Consuming the right amount of protein can help build muscle while losing weight.
PROTEIN POWER: Consuming the right amount of protein can help build muscle while losing weight. iStock
LOSING weight is one thing but not if it comes at the expense of muscle loss.
So it makes sense to wonder - is it possible to achieve fat loss while maintaining muscle mass? Surprisingly, the answer is yes - but it does involve a smart approach to fitness and nutrition.
A lot of the time, when people lose weight, they wind up with a lot less muscle than they started out with.
Why? Weight loss requires an energy (calorie) deficit and muscle-building requires an energy surplus.
To implement a calorie deficit, you need to either eat less calories or burn more calories through exercise, or do a combination of the two. However, while eating less is necessary for losing overall body mass, this calorie deficit is counter-productive for building muscle at the same time.
What's more, if a person is restricting carbohydrates, fats (in the form of ketones) and proteins will be used for energy instead, therefore won't be available for muscle repair and growth.
So how can you achieve both goals? These five science-backed strategies will help.
1. DON'T OVERLY RESTRICT
Drastic changes in calories will not only sabotage your workout efforts but will ultimately slow your metabolism, partly due to the loss in muscle that comes when you drop overall body weight. And since muscle is the greatest determiner of your metabolic rate, this muscle loss may largely explain why so many people struggle to keep weight off once they lose it.
To prevent this, your food intake should never dip below your "basal” metabolic requirements, which is the minimum number of calories your body uses to keep all its systems functioning correctly.
There are a plethora of online tools that can help you calculate your basal metabolic rate. While their accuracy is debatable, they will give you a basic understanding.
2. PROTEIN IS KEY
Protein needs are based on age, activity, sex and whether you are breastfeeding or pregnant.
However most authorities recommend about 0.75-0.84g per kilogram of body weight but many round it up to 1g a kg to keep things simple.
For example, if you weigh 75kg, you would need roughly 75g of protein a day. But, in order to preserve lean muscle tissue, adjusting your protein intake slightly is an important piece of the puzzle.
"Achieving a protein intake of approximately 1.3-1.6g per kilogram of body weight or aim for at least 20g of protein in every meal and snack across the day where possible,” Deakin University School of Exercise and Nutrition Sciences' Dr Jackson Fyfe said.
"Consuming a slightly greater amount of protein than what is required to meet your energy needs will ensure you have spare to sustain or even build muscle.”
So for that same 75kg person, that's a protein intake of roughly 97-120g a day.
This can be achieved by including protein-rich foods as part of a calorie-controlled eating plan, such as eating a couple of eggs (12g protein), a cheese sandwich (35g protein), glass of milk (10g protein), two handfuls of nuts (12g protein), one cup of Greek yoghurt and 150g steak (40g protein). Pretty easy to do.
3. FOCUS ON STRENGTH
On top of adjusting dietary protein intake, performing regular resistance-type exercises (such as push-ups, squats, lunges or lifting weights) two to three times a week will help burn calories but, more importantly, help to maintain existing muscle tone and build more muscle.
4. HIGH V LOW
For the fat loss side of things, balance your strength training with cardio-type activity to help you burn body fat and calories.
However it's best to keep your cardio sessions short and sweet.
"Minimising the total volume (duration and frequency) of endurance training is best,” Dr Fyfe said.
If you're going to perform cardio training, focus on high-intensity interval training (HIIT). This type of cardio involves short bursts of intense exercise with intermittent rest periods. These workouts will maximise fat burn post-exercise.
5. HAVE A BREAK
Muscle needs time to repair and grow after a workout. Neglecting to give your muscles enough time to recover means they will not get bigger or stronger. At least 48 hours between sessions is a good rule of thumb.
Kathleen Alleaume is a nutrition and exercise scientist who is passionate about making sense of conflicting health buzz. Follow her @therightbalance.
Controversial businessman Wicknell Chivayo's woes continue to mount after he was dragged to the High Court on Tuesday for failing to pay for shares he bought in a local company.
According to court papers filed earlier this week, the first and second applicants in the matter are Chisholome Road Freeholder (Private) Limited and Five Chisholome Road Cluster One (Private) Limited, respectively.
The applicants are claiming $650 000 from the businessman, who is currently under pressure to clear his name over a string of multi-million dollar energy deals entered between him and the Zimbabwe Power Company (ZPC) — a unit of power utility Zesa Holdings.
“In March 2016, the first plaintiff entered into an agreement with the defendant (Chivayo) in terms of which the defendant purchased certain shareholding in the second plaintiff together with certain loan accounts.
“The effect of the agreement between the parties was to make the defendant the beneficial owner of an immovable property known as number 1 Rikitayo Villas, number 5 Chisholome Road, Ballantyne Park, Harare,” the court heard.
In terms of the agreement, the purchase price for the shareholding was $850 000 which required of $100 000, paid by the date of agreement.
A further $250 000 was payable on or before April 8, 2016 and the remaining $500 000 was to be paid by end of August 2016.
According to the court papers, in the event Chivayo failed to pay the full purchase price by end of August 2016, the agreement of sale would be increased by the sum of $150 000 for each period of 90 days.
“In breach of the agreement, the defendant failed to pay the full purchase price by 31st August 2016, and to date he had failed to pay the outstanding balance on the purchase price which is in the sum of $500 000.
“As a consequence of the breach, defendant has caused the 1st plaintiff to suffer contractual damages arising from the loss of value of money, which it was contemplated by the parties that the sum of $150 000 for every period of 90 days or part thereof would compensate.
“Despite demand to pay the outstanding balance of the purchase price and the damages for loss of value of money, defendant has failed or neglected to pay the same, and has instead sued the plaintiffs under case number HC6272/17 for an order in terms of Section 4 (2) of the Contractual Penalties Act (Chapter 8:04) seeking for reduction of the damages for loss of value for money for every period of 90 days that he remains in default or part thereof,” the court heard.
The litigants are now demanding payment of the purchase price and a further $150 000, which is the pre-estimated damage for the loss of value of money in respect of each period of 90 days, with effect from November 30, 2016 until the date of payment of the full purchase price.
Chivayo has not yet responded to the summons.
The businessman, known for flaunting and bragging about his wealth on social media, has been fighting to clear his name in the wake of corruption-related allegations surrounding his mega deals with ZPC.
An elite investigating unit, the National Economic Conduct Inspectorate (NECI) is currently digging into contracts between ZPC and Chivayo's company, Intratrek Zimbabwe (Private) Limited.
NECI recently ordered the businessman to submit his bank statements, contract documents and cash books as part of widening investigations into the ZPC deals.
Chivayo's deals have been marred in controversy following a $5 million pay-out to his company to work on a 100-megawatt Gwanda solar plant in a $200 million tender.
Apart from the Gwanda project, Chivayo was also awarded a further $73 million for the refurbishment of the Harare Power Station, $163 million for the restoration of the Munyati Power Station, and $248 million for the Gairezi Power project.
Chivayo's projects have attracted a lot of attention, including from Members of Parliament.
The parliamentary portfolio committee on Mines and Energy has been putting pressure on government to implement the moribund Gwanda solar energy project. Daily News
P51:$1 hit; ANZ says currency likely to stay the region's worst performer
The peso fell to P51 versus the dollar on Monday — a near 11-year low — and the currency is expected to remain the region's worst-performing given growing economic imbalances.
The peso closed at P51.08:$1, a level it briefly touched on Friday before recovering slightly to end that day at P50.98 versus the greenback.
Monday' close was the weakest since the currency settled at P51.21:$1 on August 28, 2006.
“The peso weakened towards the end of the day amid concerns over the conflict between the US and North Korea,” Land Bank of the Philippine market economist Guian Angelo Dumalagan said.
Monday's result coincided with the release of ANZ Research's “Philippine Insights” report, which declared that an “intensifying build-up of imbalances” arising from strong economic growth was weighing down the peso.
Already the region's worst-performing currency, the peso is “likely to remain so in the remainder of the year,” it said.
ANZ Research noted that the Philippine economy had undergone structural improvements in the last decade with potential growth now at about 6.5 percent, more than double what it was during the 1990s.
“However, the recent period of strong growth has resulted in the build-up of imbalances in the economy, which in our view are intensifying,” it said.
ANZ's based its contention on three inter-related indicators: rising credit intensity, persistently high exposure to the real estate sector alongside rising property prices, and deterioration in the external position.
Bank lending, based on Bangko Sentral ng Pilipinas (BSP) data, grew by 19 percent in June as loans for production activities and households also expanded.
Philippine residential property values, meanwhile, were up 1.1 percent in the first quarter of 2017, led by prices in Metro Manila and nearby areas. The BSP's Residential Real Estate Price Index rose to 117.2 in January to March from 115.9 in the same quarter in 2016.
The central bank also forecasts the country's balance of payments position to hit a deficit of $500 million this year in a reflection of global and domestic economic developments.
Monetary authorities, ANZ Research claimed, have refrained from addressing these factors in favor of promoting economic growth.
“Although macro-prudential standards have periodically been tightened, the central bank has resisted hiking rates,” it said.
The Monetary Board has kept the policy rate unchanged since it cut the reverse repurchase rate in May last year — to 3 percent from 4 percent — in the run-up to the adoption of the interest rate corridor system.
“Against this backdrop, the Philippine peso would need to bear the burden of adjustment,” ANZ Research said.
On Sunday, central bank Governor Nestor Espenilla sought to assuage concerns over the peso, saying: “It's natural for it to show volatility as it adjusts to market conditions and all the short-term uncertainties such increased tension in North Korea.”
“The peso is capable of correcting itself as the market calms down and digests the relevant information. Moreover, BSP will always be there strategically if volatility is considered excessive,” he added.
Monetary authorities, said Espenilla, do not expect the peso to go into a free fall.
12/11/17 – 6:40 A.M.
The Bowling Green State University board of trustees approved a new tuition plan late last week. The program locks tuition, course and class fees, and room and board rates for the duration of a students undergraduate career.
Outgoing president Dr. Mary Ellen Mazey said, “with the Falcon Tuition Guarantee Plan, what they pay as freshmen will be what they continue to pay as seniors, so they can budget accordingly.”
BGSU has not raised tuition since the fall of 2013.
Index Markets Research offers a detailed research on Global Chlorfenapyr Market with the future prospects of the market to provide the current state and emerging trends in the market. The report covers methodical outlook by considering aspects such as market growth, market demands, business strategies, consumption volume, market trends and industry cost structure during the forecast period 2018-2025. New vendors in the market are facing tough competition from established international vendors as they struggle with technological innovations, reliability and quality issues. The Prominent Manufacturers included BASF, Dow AgroScience, Triveni Interchem, Kenvos, Nanjing Gaozheng Agrochemical, Kaifeng Bokai Biochemistry, Yonglong Chemical, Hunan Dejia Biochemical Tech, Yinguang Chemical, Chemtac, Zhejiang Rayfull Chemicals.
The Chlorfenapyr Market report includes a brief on these trends that can help the businesses operating in the industry to understand the market and strategize for their business expansion accordingly. The research report analyzes the market size, industry share, growth, key segments, CAGR and key drivers. In this part, the report presents the company profile, product specifications, capacity, production value, and 2013-2018 market shares for each company. Through the statistical analysis, the report depicts the global total market of Chlorfenapyr industry including capacity, production, production value, cost/profit, supply/demand and import/export. The total market is further divided by company, by country, and by application/type for the competitive landscape analysis.
Request for Sample Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-chlorfenapyr-market/10135/#requestforsample
The Chlorfenapyr Market report gives a description of the competitive nature of the market, market shares, and its growth rates based on 5-year history data along with company profile of key players/manufacturers. The Porter's Five Forces model and the SWOT analysis are also a fraction of this study so as to assist businessmen in recognizing the spirited background of the market. This is The market report integrates a study of the investment charisma of the market, and the end consumers have been standardized based on their general attractiveness, rate of development, and size of the market.It provides overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost, revenue, volume delivered (in kilo tons) and the income it produces (in US$), demand and supply data (as applicable). The research analysts provide an elaborate description of the value chain and its distributor analysis.
Geographically, this report is portioned into a few key Regions, with generation, utilization, income (million USD), piece of the pie and development rate in these areas, from 2018 to 2025 (gauge), covering United States, China, Europe, Japan, Southeast Asia, India and Rest of World.
Chlorfenapyr Market Products Type Segmentation : 0.95, 0.98.
Chlorfenapyr Market Applications Segmentation : Farmland, Greenhouses.
Key Highlights of the Chlorfenapyr Market :
1) A Clear understanding of the market supported growth, constraints, opportunities, practicableness study.
2) Analyze the opportunities in the market for stakeholders by identifying the high growth segments.
3) It depicts parameters such as production value, capacity in a statistical format that is accurately fathomed by the readers.
4) Strategically analyze each submarket with respect to individual growth trend and their contribution to the market.
5) Strategically profile the key players and comprehensively analyze their growth strategies.
Inquiry for Buying Report @ https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/report/global-chlorfenapyr-market/10135/#inquiry
In the conclusion, The Chlorfenapyr market downstream consumer analysis, upstream raw materials, different types of equipment are concealed in the report. Research findings, conclusions, industry feasibility analysis, vendors and traders involved, appendix data and figures in the form of tables, graphs, and pie-charts.
About Us
Index Markets Research conduct market research and publish reports. You can find more than 35,000 research reports in our web store, which covers global industry and the regional markets. All the worldwide marketing data you need is at your fingertips.
Contact Us
Mark Irwin
Sales Manager
Email Id: sales@indexmarketsresearch.com
Phone: +1 202 888 3519
Web: https://www.indexmarketsresearch.com/
Attorney Paul O. Taylor issued a statement Monday identifying the teen as 17-year-old Devin Delaney of Burnsville. Taylor said the family requested privacy.
Campus police were notified about an unresponsive teen at Sevrinson Hall about midday Sunday. The live-saving efforts of emergency medical crews were unsuccessful.
The teen was not a student at the Fargo university, which allows guests to stay overnight in dorms.
Burnsville High School declined immediate comment. North Dakota's Bureau of Criminal Investigation also declined comment.
NDSU didn't immediately provide additional details about the investigation.
A GoFundMe site established to raise money for funeral expenses raised about $10,600 in its first five hours Monday.
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
MANCHESTER, N.H. (AP) — The Latest on President Donald Trump and opioid drug addiction (all times local):
3:15 p.m.
President Donald Trump is declaring the need for a nationwide public relations effort to convince Americans, and particularly children, to not start using drugs.
He announced a new website — crisisnextdoor.gov — that warned of the dangers of opioids, including fentanyl. He also called for broadcasting "great commercials" during "the right shows" that demonstrate to children "how bad" drugs are.
Advertisement
Trump said tougher borders were needed to prevent the flow of drugs to the United States. He told the audience in Manchester, New Hampshire, that the nation needed a stronger southern border and a crackdown on sanctuary cities — including nearby Lawrence, Massachusetts — that he says supply drugs the nation's heartland.
___
2:55 p.m.
President Donald Trump says the nation "must get tough" with drug dealers, which includes utilizing the death penalty.
Trump unveiled his plan to combat the nation's deadly opioid addiction in a speech Monday in Manchester, New Hampshire, a state ravaged by the drug.
Trump said "failure is not an option" and vowed that "addiction is not our future."
He vowed to help create "a generation of drug-free children." And he complained that, under the current law, a dealer could sell a drug that could kill hundreds but only receive a short prison sentence.
This is Trump's first visit as president to New Hampshire. His victory there in the 2016 Republican primary helped propel him to the nomination, though he lost the state narrowly in the general election to Hillary Clinton.
___
2:50 p.m.
Melania Trump says "real progress" is being made in combatting the nation's opioid crisis because of the hard work of doctors and nurses across the country.
She introduced President Donald Trump at an event Monday in Manchester, New Hampshire, where he's outlining more elements of his plan to combat the opioid addiction.
One element of the plan includes applying the federal death penalty to drug traffickers where applicable under current law. Raising education and awareness, and expanding access to proven treatment and recovery efforts.
Mrs. Trump spoke about her visits to hospitals and clinics that help children who were born addicted to opioids.
___
2:10 p.m.
President Donald Trump has dropped in on New Hampshire firefighters before he gives a speech about the nation's opioid drug crisis.
Trump and his wife, Melania, stopped at fire department headquarters in downtown Manchester on Monday.
Eight firefighters stood in front of a truck emblazoned with "Rescue 1."
Trump told the firefighters he's getting a "big response" in Congress for his three-part plan to end the drug epidemic. The plan focuses on education and raising awareness, law enforcement, and expanding access to proven treatment and recovery efforts. One element includes subjecting drug traffickers to the federal death penalty.
Trump is making his first visit to New Hampshire since becoming president.
___
3:00 a.m.
President Donald Trump's plan to combat opioid drug addiction calls for stiffer penalties for drug traffickers, including the death penalty where it's appropriate under current law.
Administration officials say Trump also wants Congress to pass legislation reducing the amount of drugs necessary to trigger mandatory minimum sentences on traffickers who knowingly distribute certain illicit opioids.
The president is scheduled to unveil his plan Monday in New Hampshire, a state hard-hit by the crisis. He'll be accompanied by first lady Melania Trump, who has shown an interest in the issue, particularly as it pertains to children.
Trump has mused openly in recent weeks about subjecting drug dealers to the "ultimate penalty."
His three-part plan includes multiple steps to raise awareness, cut the illicit drug flow and expand proven treatment options
A man was stabbed to death by the family of his lover, police said on Friday. The mother, father, brother and uncle of the woman have been arrested.Ankit Saxena, 23, a photographer by profession, had been in a relationship with Shehzadi, 20, for the last three years."The woman's family was against their relationship as they belonged to different communities and had told him to end it," Deputy Commissioner of Police, Vijay Kumar, said.The attack took place around 9 p.m. and was reported to the police by a hospital staff, the police said.Ankit's father Yeshpal Saxena said it was a case of honour killing as the accused were carrying knives and had planned to kill his son."We did not know about the relationship of Ankit and Shehzadi. We asked Ankit once but he denied it."Shehzadi's family came here on Thursday and told Ankit to come out of the house. When he did, they started beating him up on the street," Sexena said."When his mother came to his rescue, she too was beaten up mercilessly. Then Shehzadi's brother slit Ankit's throat as the other family members held him. They fled before police reached the spot," he added.In a bid to avoid any untoward incident since the deceased and the accused belonged to different communities, police have tightened the patrolling in the area, the officer said.
DA prosecuting schizophrenic man for actions while hospitalized
May 30, 2018
In another case pitting San Luis Obispo County law enforcers against advocates for the mentally ill, a schizophrenic Atascadero man is facing charges over an incident last year in which he struck a worker at SLO County's psychiatric health facility. [Tribune]
Last November, Joseph Perez, 32, was placed in the county psychiatric health facility on a 72-hour involuntary hold while reportedly having a schizophrenic episode. During his stay in the facility, Perez became entangled in a heated dispute with two psychiatric technicians.
Surveillance footage shows the two technicians pinned Perez against a wall. Perez then aggressively paced up and down a hallway, shouted and got in the faces of the men.
Perez struck one of the men on the left side of his head. Video appears to show that Perez slapped the technician in the head.
Immediately following, multiple workers struggled with Perez and held him down until officers arrived.
The technician whom Perez struck suffered a deep laceration to his ear. It is unclear, though, whether the injury occurred as a result of the swing Perez took at the man or the subsequent struggle.
Initially, SLO County prosecutors charged Perez with two felonies, one of which alone carried the possibility of four years in state prison and a strike under California's Three Strikes Law. In March, a judge reduced the charges to two misdemeanor counts of assault and battery after listening to testimony from the victim.
Perez's attorney accuses the psychiatric technicians of having escalated, rather than deescalated the situation, by pinning Perez against the wall.
The case, which is expected to go to trial within 60 days, marked the second time in three years that Perez had been charged over a physical altercation at the psychiatric health facility. In Jan. 2014, SLO County prosecutors filed a misdemeanor battery charge against Perez that was later dismissed.
On Tuesday, Perez's mother, Lisa Kania protested her son's prosecution, as well as District Attorney Dan Dow's handling of mental health related issues. Standing outside the San Luis Obispo courthouse, Kania said Dow Should not criminalize her son.
Kania also said if her son is convicted he will lose his disability and health insurance, which will leave the country psychiatric facility as his only option for emergency treatment through his Medi-Cal coverage. Perez has averaged at least one major schizophrenic episode very few months for the last several years, Kania said.
The district attorney's office released a statement saying there is a delicate balance between public safety and the rights of individuals with mental illness and that sometimes a criminal case is the only way to address issues and get someone's attention.
Meanwhile, critics and political opponents of Dow and Sheriff Ian Parkinson argue the mentally ill are not receiving proper treatment, and then they are being arrested and prosecuted over their subsequent mental health episodes.
Loading...
Kaikoura whale watching boat set to sail in boost for quake-hit tourist town
A small section of the slipway has been dredged, allowing Whale Watch Kaikoura to load and unload passengers.
Media Contact
Haley Slade, Director of Sales
Paul Herrmann, General Manager
sales@ramadasd.com Haley Slade, Director of SalesPaul Herrmann, General Manager
End
-- Brighton Management, a preferred management company for major hotel brands such as Wyndham based in Newport Beach, CA today announced that the former Clarion Hotel National City San Diego South at 700 National City Blvd, National City, CA will undergo an extensive renovation to become the newest member of the Ramada hotel chain.Opened May 31st 2017 the 10 - story, 180-room hotel will feature a number of notable upgrades, including redesigned bedrooms and baths, flat-screen televisions. Additional highlights will include upgraded fitness center and business center. Rooms will feature expanded cable television, flat-screen televisions, upgraded bedding, etc."We're excited to be joining the Ramada family and are looking forward to providing our guests with the high-quality accommodations that the chain is known for," said Joseph Fan, the hotel management company's president.Part of Wyndham Hotel Group, Ramada® is a global chain of nearly 840 midscale and upscale hotels. Most properties offer a wide-array of services and amenities, including but not limited to high-speed wireless Internet access, on-site restaurants, lounges, room service, concierge service, meeting and banquet facilities and business centers. Properties also offer travelers the opportunity to earn and redeem points through Wyndham Rewards®, the brand's guest loyalty program, which can be joined for free at http://www.wyndhamrewards.com . The brand celebrated its 60th anniversary in 2014.Each Ramada hotel is independently owned and operated, except for certain Ramada hotels outside of the U.S. which are managed by an affiliate. Ramada Worldwide Inc. is a subsidiary of Wyndham Hotel Group, LLC and parent company Wyndham Worldwide Corporation. Reservations and information are available by visiting www.ramada.com.Wyndham Hotel Group is the world's largest hotel company based on number of hotels, encompassing approximately 7,760 properties and 672,000 rooms in 71 countries. Additional information is available at http://www.wyndhamworldwide.com . For more information about hotel franchising opportunities visit http://www.whgdevelopment.com.is owned and managed by Brighton Management, LLC of Newport Beach, California. Brighton Management operates over 40 hotels throughout the United States. For additional information, please visit http://www.brightonmgtllc.com.
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — The United States is closely watching North Korea amid Pyongyang's plans to test a missile capable of reaching the US west coast, US Defense Department spokesperson Christopher Logan told Sputnik on Friday.
“We watch North Korea very closely but we do not comment on intelligence,” Logan said.
Earlier in the day, Russian lawmaker Anton Morozov said that North Korea was planning to test-launch a missile capable of hitting the western coast of the United States.
Morozov was among three Russian lawmakers who traveled to Pyongyang on October 2-6 to discuss the peaceful settlement of the current crisis on the Korean peninsula.
Morozov stressed that the situation demanded a prompt intervention of all interested states, especially those represented in that region, in order to prevent full-scale hostilities.
CC0
Sputnik News
South Africa Today – World News – United States
If you're wondering if your iPhone's battery has been running out more quickly since you downloaded iOS 11, you're not alone.
Researchers have found that the initial release of iOS 11 drains iPhone batteries more than twice as fast as the previous operating system iOS 10.
The analysis from mobile security company Wandera claimed the average battery decay for an iPhone running iOS 10 under constant use is 240 minutes. For devices that have upgraded to iOS 11, the decay time is just 96 minutes. However, recent patches to iOS 11 appear to have limited the battery drain.
Wandera analysed the battery decay of 50,000 iPhones and iPads on its network that were used moderately to heavily. It compared the average battery drain over three days and estimated the average.
Advertisement
A drop in battery life is fairly common on older devices that upgrade, since new operating systems often use more power than previous ones. They also have early bugs that are fixed in subsequent releases. But the problem with iOS 11, designed for the iPhone 8 and iPhone X, has been notable among many users.
The findings appear to explain why so many iPhone owners have flooded social media with complaints since the release of iOS 11.
"It is a simple reality of software: there will always be bugs in new major OS releases, which are constantly pushing the limits of the devices they are running on," said Matt Vlasach, director of product at Wandera. "This, in turn, burns battery and always causes a new uproar about battery performance.
"It is inevitable that these problems will be addressed and improved as time goes on, until the next major update."
Apple has released two updates to iOS 11 since it was first made available on September 19. The first update, iOS 11.0.1, went some way to fixing the battery problems, according to Wandera. The analysis showed a 65 per cent improvement in the update, with a battery decay time of 159 minutes, as opposed to 96 minutes.
The second, iOS 11.0.2 was released earlier this week and it is too early to tell if this has had another effect.
Other problems users commonly have when updating their software is that some apps stop working and older models are no longer supported.
Apple customers who are unsatisfied with their battery life can take a number of steps to help it last longer. These include turning off auto-brightness, found in Settings -Accessibility - Display Accommodations; and background app refresh, found in Settings - General.
Switching off location services for apps that don't require it can also help preserve battery, as can activating low power mode.
Apple advises users to upgrade to the latest versions of the software, despite the complaints. It is constantly looking for ways to improve how its systems work.
"If you find the battery drain on iOS 11 too much to tolerate, you might start thinking about a switching back to iOS 10.3.3," said Wandera.
"While this may be tempting, we strongly advise against it. The more up to date your software, the more protected you are from hackers attempting to exploit your device and infiltrate your personal and corporate data."
Thanks for signing up. You must confirm your email address before we can send you. Please check your email and follow the instructions.
Inspired Kids Urged To Get On Two Wheels
Children in Cumbria who rely on mum or dad's "taxi", are being urged to give cycling to school a try next month.
More than 50 schools across the county signed up to "The Big Pedal" last year.
This year's initiative starts on the 23rd of April and runs until May 4th, when it's hoped youngsters will take inspiration from Mark Beaumont's record-breaking trip around the world, which he finished in 78 days last September.
All schools entering the competition will receive a free 2018 wallchart and classroom resources that follow in Mark's footsteps - stopping off in a different location around the world on each day of the challenge.
Last year, Cumbria's youngsters logged 7,910 bike journeys - and 9,396 trips by scooter.
Judith Aris, Active Travel Officer at Cumbria County Council, said: "The Big Pedal event is not only good for the environment, but travelling actively to school results in healthier and fitter children, and we hope they will carry this habit in to their teens and adulthood.
"This is a fantastic way to get children thinking about their physical health and wellbeing, and cycling and scooting to school is a brilliant way to start!"
The Michelin Guide has released their annual list of Bib Gourmand Winners and 67 restaurants made this year's cut.
The Bib Gourmand goes to restaurants where two courses and a glass of wine or dessert cost $40 or less before tax and tip.
This year's list includes 4 newcomers: Playa in Mill Valley, Royal Feast in Millbrae, Brown Sugar Kitchen in Oakland, and Pausa Bar & Cookery in San Mateo.
Bay Area's 2018 Bib Gourmand Winners:
‘āina, San Francisco
1601 Bar & Kitchen, San Francisco
A16, San Francisco
Anchor Oyster Bar, San Francisco
Backyard, Forestville
Bistro Aix, San Francisco
Bravas, Healdsburg
Brown Sugar Kitchen, West Oakland
Bywater (The), Los Gatos
Chalkboard, Healdsburg
Chapeau!, San Francisco
China Village, Albany
Comal, Berkeley
Cook St. Helena, St. Helena
Coqueta, San Francisco
Corso, Berkeley
Cotogna, San Francisco
Del Popolo, San Francisco
Delfina, San Francisco
Diavola, Geyserville
Dosa, San Francisco
Farmhouse Kitchen Thai, San Francisco
Farmstead, St. Helena
Glen Ellen Star, Glen Ellen
Grace's Table, Napa
Great China, Berkeley
Hong Kong Lounge II, San Francisco
Insalata's, San Anselmo
Ippuku, Berkeley
Izakaya Rintaro, San Francisco
Kappou Gomi, San Francisco
Kokkari Estiatorio, San Francisco
Lai Hong Lounge, San Francisco
M.Y. China, San Francisco
Michel Bistro, Oakland
Millennium, Oakland
Monti's Rotisserie, Santa Rosa
Nopalito, San Francisco
Oenotri, Napa
Okane, San Francisco
Orchard City Kitchen, Campbell
Pausa, San Mateo
Playa, San Mateo
Poggio, Sausalito
Ramen Gaijin, Sebastopol
Redd Wood, Yountville
Risibisi, Petaluma
Royal Feast, Millbrae
Shed Café, Healdsburg
Sichuan Home, San Francisco
Sir and Star, Olema
Sociale, San Francisco
Starbelly, San Francisco
Sushi Ran, Sausalito
Tacos Sinaloa, Berkeley
Thai House, Danville
Trestle, San Francisco
Tsubasa, San Francisco
Two Birds/One Stone, St. Helena
Vesta, Redwood City
Village Sake, Fairfax
Wonderful, Millbrae
Wood Tavern, Oakland
Yank Sing, San Francisco
Yuzuki, San Francisco
Z & Y, San Francisco
Zero Zero, San Francisco
Bradford Hornsby is an editor, music writer, web producer, and pop culture blogger for CBS stations in the San Francisco Bay Area. Find him on Twitter at @bradfordhornsby.
Jamie Lomas Got Some Shock News When He Left The Jungle!
The star was stunned by this bit of news when he left the camp.
Hollyoaks hotty Jamie Lomax manage to fend off the jungle competition to be runner-up in this year's I'm A Celeb only to be beaten by fan favourite Georgia 'Toff' Toffolo to the crown.
But Richard Arnold revealed on Good Morning Britain that coming second place wasn't the only bit of disappointing news for Jamie as his car has been clamped back at home!
Richard said: “The only disappointing thing I think for Jamie was he's just confessed his car was clamped while he was in the jungle.”
“Things you don't think about when your sweating in out under the jungle canopy eating critters and goodness knows what else!”
We're sure he had other things on his mind while living in Snake Rock!
But what's next for Jamie now his stint in the Aussie rainforest is over? Well it's reported that Toff could earn herself up to a huge £5 million in deals after he success on the show.
Jamie could profit in the same way but it has been reported that he might head back to Eastenders in his role of Jake Stone.
The character exited the soap on bad terms after he was accused of murdering Lucy Beale so there is plenty of potential for him to return!
Businesses targeted in email scams don't always have to play the victim. They can actually fight back.
Researchers at Dell SecureWorks have documented how they identified a suspected email scammer from Nigeria by essentially playing along with the scheme to fool the attacker into revealing his true whereabouts.
Anyone can use these tips, said Joe Stewart, director of malware research at SecureWorks. “We're letting [the scammers] give us all the information about themselves,” he said.
The email scheme involved a fraudster impersonating a CEO in what's called a business email spoofing attack. The goal is often to trick a victim into wiring funds to the scammer's bank account.
Although a business can train its employees to learn how to spot these suspicious emails, that won't necessarily stop the attack, especially since it's easy for anyone to continually bombard a victim with emails, SecureWork said.
Instead, a business' IT security staff can fight back and disrupt the scammer's operations. They can do this, by first replying to an email scam and pretending to act like a gullible victim.
This was how SecureWorks managed to eventually identify an email scammer from Nigeria that targeted a U.S. technology company in November. SecureWorks was brought in to investigate and decided to fool the fraudster into thinking his scheme had worked.
The scammer had tried to trick the technology firm into wiring funds to a bank account by impersonating its CEO. SecureWorks pretended to comply, which caused the scammer to turn greedy.
“He started asking for $18,000,” said James Bettke, a SecureWorks researcher. “And then after that, he said, ‘Oh that's a typo. It's a $118,000.'”
SecureWorks One of the emails sent by the scammer.
To try and identify the scammer, SecureWorks decided to email back a PDF-based receipt, indicating the wire transfer had been complete. In reality, the receipt was a decoy that when clicked on, sent off the recipient's IP address and other web browser information.
The researchers found that their scammer was using an internet service provider in Lagos, Nigeria, and was viewing the receipt on an iPhone.
SecureWorks continued to play a gullible victim, by claiming the wire transfer had failed. That forced the scammer to hand over details to other bank accounts. The researchers then took that information and notified the responsible bank that these accounts were being used for fraud, shutting them down.
To find out more about the scammer, the researchers sent another decoy receipt of a wire transfer that forced the recipient to enter a legitimate mobile phone number to view the form.
The scammer fell for the ruse. Using Facebook, the researchers found that the entered phone number was tied to a user named “Seun,” which the researchers believe is a real account.
“We know who he is,” Stewart said. “We could report him to the EFCC (The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission in Nigeria). But he didn't get away with any money.”
So instead, SecureWorks is publicizing information about the fraudster's scams, including the email addresses he used.
Dell SecureWorks
“If anybody has actually lost money to him, then they can approach law enforcement,” Stewart said. “That would be our best case scenario.”
Allegiant wants Santa Maria travelers to stop paying outrageous airfares and “Dodge High Fares.”
The company is kicking off the Dodge High Fares campaign, providing great deals to top vacation destinations, and giving away a free round-trip ticket each week through August at DodgeHighFares.com.
“Allegiant consistently goes into new markets and accomplishes two things: We bring down the cost of vacation travel while simultaneously increasing the number of leisure travelers flying,” said Rich Winiarski, Allegiant Travel Co.‘s vice president of marketing. “We make more vacations possible by making travel more affordable in the communities we serve. It's something we're really proud of, and this new campaign will help us tell that story.”
Since Allegiant first arrived in Santa Maria in 2006 with service to Las Vegas, the number of travelers increased dramatically while the average fare dropped.
When comparing the four quarters prior to Allegiant's first flight from and the most recent four quarters of data provided by the Department of Transportation, total passengers traveling from Santa Maria Airport to destinations served by Allegiant has increased more than 1,000 percent, and the average airfare has been slashed by more than 55 percent. Last year, Allegiant also introduced seasonal nonstop service to Honolulu for Santa Maria area residents.
“We're looking forward to a great summer, taking the Dodge High Fares campaign into our communities, showing just how affordable a vacation with us is,” Winiarski said.
The Dodge High Fares campaign will include television, radio and print elements. The ads initially ran for two weeks in select markets. In addition, Allegiant is asking Santa Maria residents to tell it what they would dodge with a free vacation. Whether it be work, bills, chores or something else, the company is giving away a free round-trip ticket per week in the ultimate dodge of high fares sweepstakes at DodgeHighFares.com.
Allegiant released the ads on Facebook and Twitter, and it has received positive comments from the airline's fans and followers.
Charles P. Thacker, a pioneering engineer in the early days of personal computing, died this week at his home in Palo Alto, California. His daughter, Christine Thacker, tells The New York Times that the cause of death was due to complications from esophageal cancer. He was 74.
Thacker was born in Pasadena, California, in 1943 and graduated from the University of California, Berkeley, in 1967 with a B.S. degree in physics. Thacker's claim to fame came in the 1970s when he led the team that worked on the Xerox Alto at Xerox Palo Alto Research Center (PARC). Among other innovations, the Alto was significant as it was the first desktop computer to feature a mouse-driven graphical user interface (GUI).
As highlighted in our write-up on the history of the personal computer a few years back, the Alto is often remembered as an expensive failure that was largely over-engineered. It was never really a commercial success yet its impact on the industry is still felt today.
“Chuck” eventually left Xerox and later in his career, joined Microsoft to help establish the company's research center in Cambridge, England. Adding to his resume a few years later, he designed the hardware used in Microsoft's Tablet PC which was loosely based on a project he worked on years earlier called the Dynabook.
Thacker was awarded the Association for Computing Machinery's A.M. Turing Award in 2009.
Image courtesy Noah Berger, The New York Times
2 Jan, Kathmandu: Nepal lost to India 1-3 in the semi-final match under the 4th SAFF Women's Championship held at Kanchunjunga Stadium in Siliguri, India on Monday.
With the win, the host country team has entered the final match. Jitma Kamala Devi, Indumati and Sasmita Mallick of India scored one goal each. Jitma took the lead by scoring the maiden goal in the 44th minutes in the first half.
Similarly, India scored through Indumati and Sasmita in 59th minutes and 84th minutes respectively in the second half.
Although Nepali striker Sabitra Bhandari scored a goal in the 75th minutes through a penalty, it was not sufficient for Nepal to get through to the final.
It had played in all three previous editions of the regional tournaments where India, an archrival, has defeated Nepal in every edition.
Nepal had reached the semi-final by winning over Bhutan 8-0, Maldives 9-0 and Sri Lanka 1-0.
(Adds comments from statement in paragraph 4 and 5)
CAIRO, March 30 Egypt's central bank kept its key interest rates unchanged on Thursday at a meeting of its Monetary Policy Committee, it said in a statement.
The bank kept its overnight deposit rate at 14.75 percent and its overnight lending rate at 15.75 percent, the fourth consecutive meeting where it kept rates on hold since it aggressively hiked them in November.
The central bank ditched its foreign exchange peg of 8.8 pounds per dollar in early November and, to help stabilise the newly floated currency, raised interest rates by 300 basis points.
In a statement following the rate decision, the central bank said annual inflation was expected to ease as monthly inflation rates moderate.
"Consistent with the inflation outlook and the targeted disinflation path, the MPC judges that the key CBE rates are currently appropriate," the bank said.
Egypt had been struggling with a shortage of foreign currency since an uprising in 2011 drove away tourists and foreign investors, both major sources of hard currency.
In November it sealed a $12 billion, three-year loan from the International Monetary Fund to support its economic reform programme. (Reporting by Maha El-Dahan; Editing by Dominic Evans)
Sushma Swaraj
Deeply shocked to hear from @SushmaSwaraj Ji about the 39 missing Indians in Iraq, being dead. They were reportedly abducted by ISIS in 2014. My heart goes out to their families who have lost their hope to bring them back alive. May the almighty grant peace to the departed souls.
— Harsimrat Kaur Badal (@HarsimratBadal_) March 20, 2018
Swaraj
After External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj in the parliament said that the thirty-nine Indians kidnapped by the Islamic State in Iraq's Mosul in 2014 are dead, the Union Cabinet Minister and MP from Bathinda, Harsimrat Kaur Badal, said that I am thankful to Sushma Swaraj for fighting this battle of trying to find them.On Twitter, Harsimrat wrote, Deeply shocked to hear fromJi about the 39 missing Indians in Iraq, being dead. They were reportedly abducted by ISIS in 2014. My heart goes out to their families who have lost their hope to bring them back alive. May the almighty grant peace to the departed souls.Harsimrat Kaur Badal said Swaraj did not declare them dead till she had some concrete proof. Swaraj and I personally met the family of the abducted for about 12-15 times.Today in the parliament,told that the confirmation of news was given by Martyrs' Foundation which conducted the DNA tests of the bodies. She said the mass grave had exactly 39 bodies, with distinctive features like long hair, non-Iraqi shoes, and IDs."Their bodies were spotted using deep penetration radar from mount in Badoosh. The bodies were then sent to Baghdad for DNA testing. The bodies were exhumed from mass graves and their identities confirmed by DNA tests. DNA testing by Martyrs Foundation has established identity of 38 Indians while there has been 70 per cent matching of the DNA for the 39th person," she said.The minister said thirty-one nationals belonged to Punjab, four were from Himachal Pradesh, while the rest were from Bihar and West Bengal. The bodies will be handed over to their respective families so that final rites can be conducted.
MINNEAPOLIS (AP) — A Minnesota woman who led authorities on a weekslong manhunt after she allegedly killed her husband, then went to Florida and befriended — then killed — a woman who resembled her, is now facing charges in two states.
Lois Riess is in custody in Texas, awaiting transfer to Florida or Minnesota for trial. If the Florida charges against Riess are elevated to first-degree murder, she could face the death penalty.
Here are some details about how this case might unfold:
'COLD-BLOODED MURDERER'
Advertisement
Riess, 56, killed her husband, 54-year-old David Riess, in late March, then forged checks to steal $11,000 from his account, according to authorities. David Riess's body was found on March 23 at the couple's home in Blooming Prairie, Minnesota, with multiple gunshot wounds. Lois Riess was gone.
The search for Riess began and seemed to intensify after another woman, Pamela Hutchinson, 59, of Bradenton, Florida, was found dead in Fort Myers Beach on April 9. Authorities said at the time that Riess targeted Hutchinson because they looked alike, then killed her to assume her identity.
Lee County Undersheriff Carmine Marceno said Riess was armed and dangerous and her mode of operation was to befriend women who resembled her, then steal their identity. He called her a "cold-blooded murderer."
A national manhunt for Riess continued until she was arrested Thursday in the South Texas beach resort town of South Padre Island after someone recognized her at a restaurant.
___
WHAT HAPPENS NEXT?
Riess is charged in Florida with one count each of second-degree murder, grand theft, grand theft of a motor vehicle and criminal use of personal identification information.
In Minnesota, Riess is charged with one count of felony theft. Authorities have said a second-degree murder charge is pending, but they are taking time to build the strongest possible case.
A judge in Brownsville, Texas, ruled that Riess could be extradited to either state for trial, and whomever picked her up first could take custody.
David Weinstein, a former federal and state prosecutor in Florida, said the Florida case seems to be farther along so it's likely that Riess will head there first. In addition, the second-degree murder charge filed by way of an arrest warrant in Florida is going to weigh heavier than the theft charge in Minnesota. Weinstein said authorities in both states have to discuss the next steps together.
___
THE DEATH PENALTY
Florida is a death penalty state, while Minnesota is not. The death penalty is currently not a factor with the charges Riess faces, but that could change.
In order to seek the death penalty, Florida prosecutors must charge Riess with first-degree murder and that can only be done through a grand jury indictment. State Attorney's Office spokeswoman Samantha Syoen said the office doesn't discuss such matters.
Weinstein, who is not part of the case, said that from what he's seen about Riess's alleged plan to befriend Hutchinson, steal her identity and then escape, it seems authorities will move forward with a first-degree, premeditated, murder charge.
But that charge doesn't automatically mean prosecutors will seek the death penalty, or that it would be imposed if she's convicted.
Prosecutors have to evaluate aggravating and mitigating factors. Some aggravating factors for the death penalty include how a murder was planned and carried out, the manner of death, and whether the death was heinous, atrocious and cruel. Some mitigating factors that might weigh against the death penalty include the defendant's age or mental health, Weinstein said.
___
SOME WRINKLES
The death penalty issue could be a factor as authorities discuss where Riess should face trial first.
One aggravating factor for the death penalty is a prior crime of violence. So, Florida prosecutors could theoretically opt to let Minnesota try its case first, get a murder conviction, and then use that conviction to bolster their argument for the death penalty, Weinstein said.
Pete Mills, chairman of the Florida Public Defenders Association Death Penalty Steering Committee, said prosecutors in Minnesota also might feel that the death penalty shouldn't be an option, so they might seek to try Riess first for that reason. They also might seek to bring her to Minnesota first so they can seek justice for family members there.
___
HISTORY OF THEFT AND GAMBLING
Riess has a history of stealing money and gambling, and authorities dubbed her "Losing Streak Lois" for her habit of frequenting casinos.
In 2012, Riess was appointed conservator and guardian for her disabled sister, who has the cognitive level of a 10-year-old, according to court records. In a September 2015 affidavit, a social worker said she received a report that Riess transferred funds from the guardianship account to Riess' own account, then spent some of the funds at a casino. Riess was never charged, but was directed to repay her sister more than $100,500, court records show. An attorney on the case said she has not.
During her time on the run, authorities said Riess gambled at casinos in Iowa and Louisiana, where she won a $1,500 jackpot on slot machines and used her own identification to claim the prize.
___
Associated Press writer Jeff Baenen contributed to this report from Minneapolis.
___
Follow Amy Forliti on Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/amyforliti . More of her work at: https://apnews.com/search/amy%20forliti
Best Places To Take Your Holiday Photos In MiamiThe holidays are upon us once again. That means Christmas cards need to be mailed out and family photos need to be taken. While there are thousands of places in South Florida that can provide a great backdrop for a family, finding that one perfect spot can be time consuming. Whether that perfect photo includes a beach, a fountain, a garden, or an archway, South Florida can provide the perfect spot for an unforgettable family holiday photo.
- Above is video of Bayley and WWE Hall of Famer Lita in Philadelphia on Sunday before the first-ever women's Royal Rumble match. Lita gets emotional when talking about Luna Vachon, Chyna and other late wrestlers who weren't here to see what they paved the way for.
See Also Steve Austin Says WWE HOF Induction Is Not Enough For Chyna, Talks Meeting Chyna For The First Time
- WWE will be releasing a new "Shane McMahon's Craziest Matches" DVD on June 12th of this year, according to WrestlingDVDNetwork.com. The three-disc set will feature a compilation of the SmackDown Commissioner's greatest moments, high-risk moves and leaps of faith. Below is the official synopsis:
"Shane McMahon is known as a huge risk-taker, who provides "OMG" moments on a regular basis. This compilation features all of his greatest & craziest matches, spanning his entire time in WWE. Featuring battles with Undertaker, Big Show, Randy Orton, Mankind, Kane, & more."
- Below is new backstage video of Asuka and WWE Intercontinental Champion The Miz as they prepare to face Finn Balor and Sasha Banks in Week 7 of WWE's Mixed Match Challenge. The video features the two backstage with representatives and pets from the Rescue Dogs Rock charity, the group that they will be fighting to earn $100,000 for.
BAMBERG COUNTY, S.C. (WJBF) – People who live in Bamberg and Barnwell Counties will once again have easy access to medical help.
Dirt is set to starting moving on a new $8.63 million dollar freestanding emergency medical center.
After the hospital in Barnwell closed, thousands of residents had to drive more than 40 miles to see a doctor.
“If emergency care is close by the chances to survive is much better,” said South Carolina District 91 State Representative Lonnie Hosey.
Hosey says a few months ago he found himself in need of emergency medical care and driving miles to a hospital was a nightmare.
“Emergency means emergency. You need to get to a hospital quickly when you have an emergency, and if that's not conducive to your environment you have a problem.” Hosey told WJBF NewsChannel 6.
However, a new 24-hour Emergency Care Facility, between Denmark and Barnwell, may be the solution to the lack of access to healthcare there.
“You can't always make it to Aiken, and stuff like that. You need it here,” said Bamberg resident Jatai Sanders.
The 20,000 square foot facility will include services such as CT scans, x-rays, ultra sounds and labs, and will have some holding rooms for patients.
Hosey says the challenge will be encouraging citizens to use the facility on a regular basis.
The State Representative says that's part of the reason the Barnwell Hospital closed, because people were going elsewhere to see a physician.
“Well, I normally go to the doctor in Myrtle Beach, Orangeburg or Columbia.” Bamberg resident Travante James told WJBF NewsChannel 6.
So for this new freestanding emergency care facility to survive residents are going to need to use it.
“They will have to patronize this business for it to stay and if they do that, it'll be enough business here for the facility to grow.” Hosey said.
“Are you going to use it a lot?” Asked WJBF NewsChannel 6's Stefany Bornman.
“Of course I am. I don't want to travel,” said Sanders.
“So do you think having one here, you'll go to that one instead?” Asked WJBF NewsChannel 6's Stefany Bornman.
“Yes, it will be more convenient,” James said.
The proposed completion date is August 2018.
The new facility is estimated to employ up to 50 people.
Press release from The Regional Medical Center in Orangeburg, S.C.
RMC to Celebrate Groundbreaking of New Freestanding ED for Bamberg and Barnwell Counties ORANGEBURG, SC – The Regional Medical Center (RMC) will host a groundbreaking ceremony to celebrate the beginning of construction of a new freestanding emergency department for Bamberg and Barnwell Counties on Tuesday, August 8 at 10:00 a.m. at the construction site on Highway 70, east of Denmark, S.C. The facility will include 24-hour emergency care with CT scan, X-Ray and ultrasound diagnostic imaging, lab and observation services. Located on 10 acres of land adjacent to Highway 70 between the cities of Denmark and Barnwell, the Emergency Department will be easily accessible for the populations of both Bamberg and Barnwell counties. It is projected that construction will take 12 months. The name of the new emergency department is under development and will be announced in the near future.
Count on WJBF NewsChannel 6 to bring you the latest on this developing story.
Get Birmingham City FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Former Birmingham City whizz kid Demarai Gray has taken a cheeky swipe at pal Wes Harding, who made his first Championship start on Saturday.
Harding, 21, starred as Blues dismantled Hull City at St Andrew's to pull themselves level with 21st-placed Barnsley on 33 points.
And the defender marked a proud moment by posting a message to his followers on Instagram.
Harding said: “Proud to make my football league debut for @bcfcofficial yesterday afternoon. The support from my family, friends and 23,000 fans was second to none! 3 points and a clean sheet. There's not much more I could ask for.”
But Gray, who played alongside Harding in the youth ranks at Blues, made his former team-mate a promise if they ever come face to face.
The Leicester City winger replied: “I'm gonna end you the day I play against you brooo.”
The lowdown
During the 3-0 victory over Hull City Wes Harding became the latest player from the Birmingham City youth set-up to graduate to Championship football, writes Brian Dick.
The youngster gave a convincing display as a Championship right back in the white-out at St Andrew's and white heat of a relegation battle.
Garry Monk had enough belief in the untested rookie to pick him ahead of Arsenal loan man - and former England cap - Carl Jenkinson.
This is how Harding got here and where he goes from now.
Who is he?
A young defender who was born in Leicester 21-years ago. He has been at Blues for around five years and has come through the Under 18s and 23s - both of whom he captained. He had two substitute appearances of the bench in the EFL Cup earlier this season before starting on Saturday.
What's his background?
Harding had a few trials for Leicester's academy but ended up joining Coventry's, from where he was released at Under 14s.
Then it was on to Villa where he spent just over a year but wasn't awarded a scholarship. Thankfully Blues had spotted him and he moved across the city at 16.
Since then he's come through squads managed by Steve Spooner and Richard Beale and has been a vocal captain virtually every step of the way.
Gary Rowett took him to Marbella in 2015 but no first team appearances materialised.
He had a loan spell at non-league Alfreton at the start of last season but picked up a knee injury.
In his determination to show he could cut it in senior football he played on and suffered a more serious set-back.
The breakthrough
He started to get more recognition in the summer, when Harry Redknapp used him in a pre-season game at Kidderminster and then started him in the final warm-up match against Swansea.
His first team debut came off the bench for the final half hour against Crawley in August. He then played 70 minutes against Bournemouth after Emilio Nsue went off injured.
Steve Cotterill kept him around the squad and since his arrival Monk has extended opportunities to several young players in first team training.
After a stuttering performance by Jenkinson at Cardiff the manager made the bold decision to give Harding a full Championship debut at home to Hull.
How did he do?
Really well. It took him several minutes to get into the game - but he announced his presence in uncompromising style - a very heavy sliding tackle on Liverpool loan youngster Harry Wilson.
It was probably worth a yellow-and-a-half, but he survived and grew into the game and Wilson became more and more peripheral.
His pass completion rate of 68.8% was the highest for Blues defenders and he matched or bettered fellow full back Maxime Colin in terms of headers, clearances and crosses. His swinging centre was just too high for Lukas Jutkiewicz.
In the second half he swept up really well on a couple of occasions and showed a willingness to get forward. All in all - very positive
The manager
Garry Monk insisted he never had any qualms about throwing Harding into the fray.
“I never have any doubts in situations like that. I have shown it at all the clubs I have been at,” Monk said.
“To me the situation doesn't matter. If I feel that a player is good enough and ready enough I will never have any fear of that.
“I made the decision because I felt with Hull scoring the goals they have scored in recent games, the threats that their wingers pose, Wes brings that bit of pace and tenacity to his defending.
“Especially with that early booking as well. I thought he showed good maturity to handle that afterwards. I will never have any fear of throwing a young player in.
“I will continue to do that.
“I am very pleased for him and for the team. He did very, very well. You have to give players trust whoever they are, senior pros or players starting out in their careers.”
PODCAST
You can subscribe to our podcast
Audioboom: https://audioboom.com/channel/blue-noise
RSS feed: https://audioboom.com/channels/4948397.rss
What did he say himself?
Asked by Blues TV if he'd be busting a gut to keep his place for the Ipswich game, Harding was unequivocal: “Yes, 100 per cent. That's the aim now. We have got the three points and the clean sheet but when we start next week that will be out of the way and the focus will shift to the next game - and I want to be involved.
“The clean slate has lifted everyone's spirits. Straight away you have got everyone involved, which is a good thing. The team morale is there, we can keep getting points now. Everybody is confident that we will do it.”
And that tackle? “That wasn't in the script at all! I thought I could get the ball. I think I took an extra step which is what gave him time to move the ball away.
“Straight away off the cuff I thought ‘Oh my gosh, let me relax, go back to the basics'. And that's what I did."
Social media support
What next?
Wilson had been earning rave reviews for Hull with some suggestions he would go back to Liverpool and challenge for first team game-time.
However, key for Harding is keeping his place in the side. Jenkinson is fit, Josh Dacres-Cogley is an option at right back - and Monk could use Maxime Colin there if he has faith in an alternative left back.
He's got two weeks to continue to impress before the meeting with Ipswich on March 31.
After that there could be reunions with Will Buckley at Bolton and Burton's Lloyd Dyer and clashes with Bristol City's Jamie Paterson and Ivan Cavaleiro/Barry Douglas at Wolves.
He's under contract for until the summer of 2020 so doesn't have that worry hanging over his head.
Highlights Tonic water started out as a medicine for malaria
Tonic water has a bitter taste that comes from quinine
Nowadays tonic water ispumped full of sugars
Tonic water started out as a medicine for malaria
Tonic water has a bitter taste that comes from quinine
Nowadays tonic water is pumped full of sugars
Tonic water reached us Indians in a most circuitous fashion. The possible story of its origin is rather fascinating, and twined through with the Incas, Spanish colonists, British colonial rule, and malaria. Yes, malaria . Well, let us begin at the beginning.A long time ago, the Peruvian Incas ruled over one of the largest empires of pre-Columbian America, a beautiful, thriving, successful and powerful empire, until the Spanish invaders colonised it in 1572. The Incas were known for many things - a massive army, excellent agriculture (including terraced system of farming), well-developed roadways that criss-crossed the entire kingdom, exquisite architecture (Macchu Picchu, for example), a centralized religion, and one language, all of which helped in binding it into a cohesive kingdom.However, a smaller (yet more relevant to our story) achievement of the Incas, was the discovery of quinine, from the bark of what the Spanish called the Cinchona tree. This was a discovery made by the clever and intrepid Incas, who realized that when the bark was powdered and transformed into a sort of medicinal tea , made with hot or cold water, it stopped the shivers that came with malaria, and reduced the fever According to Scott C Martin, who wrote The SAGE Encyclopaedia of Alcohol: Social, Cultural and Historical Perspectives, this yen for the bitter tonic water was seeping all across Europe and the USA. Quinine was being used to "flavour vermouth, Italian bitter liqueurs called amari, French bitter liqueurs called quinquinas, numerous brands of cocktail bitters, and the soft drink Moxie, which was invented in Maine in the 19th C. The British drank the gin and tonic for the same reason as we do now: the taste," he writes.And that is how, in the 19th C, the gin and tonic was born. It soon became an iconic drink of the British Empire, so much so that it even featured in those James Bond classics, Doctor No and Goldfinger.Thus, we see that tonic water's saving grace was the battling of malaria. Today, though, medicine has moved on and quinine is not used quite so widely to treat malaria. Even if tonic water was a part of your malaria treatment, you would still need to drink a vast amount of it, nearly twenty litres. This is because tonic water contains very little quinine nowadays, which is just as well, since it comes with a laundry list of side effects, including allergies and kidney damage (worst case scenario, of course).One of the worst things about tonic water however, is that it is pumped full of sugars, in the same way any soda is. It is not in any way, a healthier alternative, to colas and other sugary drinks. It is more or less, just sweetened soda, with a little quinine added to it. Many brands also add synthetic quinine, which means that the flavour changes more and more from the drink that the British drank.Jeffrey Morgenthaler, in his book The Bar Book: Elements of Cocktail Technique, talks about his attempt to replicate tonic water in his kitchen. "I began my first experiments with house-made tonic water in 2007," he writes. "I was looking for a tonic with more assertive flavours and natural ingredients than those found in commercial tonic water. A glance at the standard-issue tonic available at most bars and restaurants reveals the lack of flavour even before you open the bottle. Just look at the ingredients: water, high fructose corn syrup , citric acid, sodium benzoate and quinine. I thought we could do better."Eventually, after much experimentation, he falls upon a recipe that he believes works best for him -- one part quinine tincture to three parts soda water.Around the world, a clutch of tonic water-making companies have sprung up. They eschew the vast quantities of sugar and synthetic quinine that is favoured by most commercial companies, and proffer a totally different brew made from more 'natural' ingredients. One of these is Q Tonic Water; the website talks about "sourcing the absolute best ingredients" to come up with a "spectacular tonic water" that is "less sweet and made from real ingredients."Unfortunately, Q isn't available in India, and I am not sure what other tonic water brands are (other than Schweppes, which is available everywhere). I do know that one of UK's premium brand, Fever Tree, named for the quinine-providing cinchona tree, did make its foray into India a couple of years ago. The Fever Tree website tells us that "co-founders Charles and Tim have traveled to some of the most remote, beautiful, and sometimes dangerous, regions of the world to source the highest quality natural ingredients from small specialist suppliers." This includes Congo for quinine, Cochin ginger from...well...Kochi, and bitter orange from Tanzania.Meher Mirza is an independent writer and editor, with a focus on food and travel. Formerly with BBC Good Food India, she loves anime, animals and artsy things but also comics, technology and death metal.The opinions expressed within this article are the personal opinions of the author. NDTV is not responsible for the accuracy, completeness, suitability, or validity of any information on this article. All information is provided on an as-is basis. The information, facts or opinions appearing in the article do not reflect the views of NDTV and NDTV does not assume any responsibility or liability for the same.
ANCHORAGE — The youth movement was realized in a big way on Saturday afternoon for the Unalaska Raiders. Backed by outstanding performances from underclassmen Blaine Henning and Trevor Wilson, the young Raiders took seventh in the team standings at the 2017 Alaska State Cross-Country Championships.
Henning and Wilson both legged out top 35 finishes at the meet, which was held at Bartlett High School and featured more than 500 runners from across the state. Overall, four of Unalaska's five scoring runners were underclassmen — three of which were freshmen and sophomores.
Henning, a freshman, headlined the Raiders' efforts on the 5-kilometer course. He covered the trail in a time of 18 minutes, 2 seconds and finished 32nd overall.
A junior, Wilson raced his way to 35th overall with a mark of 18:08.
Henry Simmonds, Michael Pereat and Talon Shaishnikoff rounded of Unalaska's scorers. Simmonds finished at 18:39 and took 53rd in the final standings. Pereat was 73rd at 19:05.
One of just two seniors on the UHS roster, Shaishnikoff was 98th at 19:46.
Chris Garcia, the Raiders' other senior, was 107th at 20:09.
As a team, Unalaska rolled up 229 points. Anchorage Christian edged out Homer for the team crown.
While the Raiders were making waves as a team at the state meet, Dillingham's Cole Dull was making sure he garnered plenty of attention as an individual. The senior standout sprinted to 33rd overall with a time of 18:05.
The Wolverines' other two state qualifiers also did extremely well. Freshman Sam Calvert posted a career-best mark of 18:55 and ran his way to 64th. Chris Williams also PR'd, turning in a time of 19:01 and finishing 69th.
New Stuyahok's Joachim Gumlickpuk and Casey Konukpeok, Sand Point's Ryder Gundersen, and King Cove's Brian Aichele and Braydyn Brandell starred for their respective teams. Gumlickpuk and Konukpeok both turned in record-setting runs in the event and finished 87th and 108th, respectively. Gumlickpuk's time of 19:26 was the fastest of his career. Konukpeok turned in his fastest time of the 2017 season at 20:09.
Gundersen was 136th at 20:26, while Aichele and Brandell finished 131st and 144th with marks of 20:59 and 22:26, respectively.
Manx rider Dan Kneen has died following a crash during practice for the Isle of Man TT on Wednesday evening.
The Tyco BMW rider came off on the first lap of the Superbike session at Churchtown on the run towards Ramsey.
Dan Kneen pictured before practice on Tuesday evening at the Isle of Man TT.
Kneen joined the Moneymore-based team after impressing last year at the Ulster Grand Prix, when he was called in as a replacement for the injured Ian Hutchinson.
He made a winning start to the new road racing season at the Tandragee 100 earlier this month, where he won the feature Superbike race after finishing as the runner-up in the opener.
His death comes 15 years to the day when TT legend David Jefferies was killed in practice at the event, riding for Northern Ireland's TAS Racing team.
A statement said: "ACU Events Ltd regrets confirming that Dan Kneen, 30, from Onchan in the Isle of Man died this evening following injuries sustained during the Superbike qualifying session on the Isle of Man.
"Dan had an accident at Churchtown on the first lap of the session and died at the scene of the incident.
"Dan made his mountain course debut at the Manx Grand Prix in 2008 and won an unprecedented three races – the Junior, the Newcomers C and the Ultra Lightweight MGP Races.
"He achieved his first TT podium in last year's Superstock Race, finishing third in the Superstock TT Race. He has the fastest official lap of 130.347mph which he set in last year's Superstock Race and recorded a lap of 132.258mph (17:06.994) in last night's Superbike qualifying session.
"ACU Events Ltd wishes to pass on their deepest sympathy to Dan's partner Leanne, his family and his many friends in the road racing community and beyond."
In a second incident, a rider was involved in a collision with a course car at Ballacrye.
The session was abandoned after a full course red flag was declared, with riders brought back to the grandstand in the opposite direction.
File photo: Jenny Pettersson TT/NTB Scanpix
Bernt Apeland, general secretary of the Norwegian Red Cross, said things can not continue as they are today after visiting the vertigo-inducing Trolltunga tourist attraction.
Apeland visited the Trolltunga, a famous rock promontory that juts out 700m above Ringedalsvatnet, a lake three hours west of Bergen, to meet local first aid volunteers from the NGO.
“This trend cannot continue. I fear that the burden [on Red Cross personnel] will be even bigger and go beyond what we can cope with,” Apeland told broadcaster NRK after hiking to the site.
Volunteer first aiders have been despatched to the site to help tourists in distress in increasing numbers in recent years, reports NRK.
40 rescue operations were carried out last summer alone, according to the report.
In recent years, the number of tourists of people braving the four-hour hike to Trolltunga has increased dramatically from just 500 people in 2009 to 40,000 people in 2014, with 100,000 people expected to visit the site this year.
READ ALSO: New 'idiotic' trend feared at Norway's Trolltunga
Apeland called for more guidance for inexperienced tourists, and said that much of the potential danger could be reduced by implementing security guards.
“They can be in the field all the time and help when people are unlucky, so that local volunteers do not have to rescue tourists that could maybe save themselves. Many people do not really need a lot of help to come down safely,” he said to NRK.
The Red Cross general secretary added that this could apply to many other popular sites in the mountainous Norwegian countryside as well as the iconic Trolltunga.
Knut Atle Øyre, the leader of the local Tyssedal branch of the Red Cross, said that increased presence in the field could help prevent bigger rescue operations, and added that planned 200-person accommodation near Trolltunga could be used as a base for patrols.
“Coordination for field patrols who can monitor the terrain and as such reduce the number of rescue missions could be based here,” he told NRK.
Øyre added that he hoped that Red Cross' central office would put more pressure on authorities to establish such an initiative.
READ ALSO: Norway stops Trolltunga photos after deadly fall
TORONTO — Corus Entertainment Inc. says it and Bell Media Inc. have agreed to end a deal on two Quebec specialty television channels after the proposed sale was blocked by the Commissioner of Competition.
Corus said on Monday it was reviewing the commissioner's rejection of the deal to sell French-language channels Historia and Series+ to Bell.
When the companies announced the sale in October 2017, they valued the transaction at about $200 million.
In addition to Competition Act approval, the deal had required approval from the CRTC.
Quicklink TX and Remote Communicator at NAB 2017
End
-- At NAB (booth SL5222), Quicklink will showcase their popular Skype TX call transceivers. Designed in partnership with Microsoft, the TX Multi is a Skype video call management system that allows for multiple calls within a single hardware unit. Quicklink will also be showing their ground-breaking new Remote Communicator, a solution that allows you to integrate contributions into your live broadcasts.The Quicklink TX is a video call management system that enables professional reception and transmission of multiple Skype video calls through an SDI and HDMI interface. The Skype TX unit can receive from and send to any video enabled device running Skype, this provides broadcasters with unrivalled access to millions of Skype users.The Quicklink TX is available in the following options:- Quicklink TX Multi: up to 4 incoming calls, 1 switchable SDI/HDMI/analogue Input/Output- Quicklink TX Quad: 4 incoming calls, 4 SDI Input/Output with optional High AvailabilityAlong with the Quicklink TX, Quicklink will also be showing the new Remote Communicator and Quicklink Communicator Portal (QCP) solutions. The Quicklink Remote Communicator allows you to stream video and audio to a web browser and return audio and video or audio only in real time, full duplex with ultra-low delay.The Remote Communicator can be used to create ad hoc ultra-low delay video/audio contributions from any device using a web browser, easily share high quality return video to a remote user and integrate ultra-low delay audio commentary into your workflow.The Quicklink TX Multi and Quicklink Remote Communicator will be showcased at NAB 2017, Las Vegas Convention Center (booth SL5222) from 24th-27th April. Visit the Quicklink booth to see the solutions in action.For more information regarding the Quicklink TX Multi, Remote Communicator or other Quicklink solutions, speak to a member of the sales department on +44 1792 720880 or email sales@quicklink.tvDiscover more: http://www.quicklink.tv
1:24 Woods Humane Society nearly out of animals after Black Friday sale Pause
2:48 Former Sacramento sex worker talks about life on the street
2:05 A history of medical marijuana in San Luis Obispo County
1:14 What will happen to Diablo Canyon after it closes?
1:28 California Republicans get sweaty for dog safety
0:31 Powerful message about texting while driving
0:51 Jerry Brown: Raising minimum wage moral, though 'may not make sense'
2:05 Pot operations turned California Valley into 'a circus'
0:26 Jerry Brown signs climate bill: 'This is big'
Social activist, Minister of Citzenship and Immigration differ on outcome of talks on Haitians
Minister of Citizenship and Immigration, Winston Felix on Wednesday denied that agreement was reached Wednesday afternoon with a group of persons for several Haitians to be granted work permits, paving the way for them to be released.
“I'm saying that I am in a meeting and I know nothing about what you are talking about,” Felix told Demerara Waves Online News when asked to confirm whether an agreement was reached for the Haitians to apply for the permits.
Social Activist, Mark Jacobs told reporters at approximately 3:30 PM immediately after he and others held talks with Felix that they were informed that government has concerns about human trafficking and illegal migration and whether the Haitians' passports and birth certificates were valid.
Jacobs said Felix did not offer the option of having the Haitians apply for work permits, but it was the delegation that asked.
Pressed on the outcome of the talks in keeping with his call Tuesday evening that the Haitians should be allowed to remain in Guyana because they were not trafficking victims and they had entered Guyana legally en route to French Guiana, Jacobs said he and other members of his delegation secured a commitment that they would be allowed to remain in Guyana.
“We have been given an opportunity to apply for these persons to stay in Guyana,” he said, adding that there are persons in Guyana willing to accommodate and employ them. Jacobs said the applications would be submitted Thursday but he could not say how long the process would take and how soon after the documents are submitted that the Haitians would be released.
He said there are seven adults and seven children including one child who apparently has no parent.
More than 15 years ago, a number of Angolans, who had arrived here in Guyana from neighbouring Brazil, had been eventually granted permission to remain and work here.
A new initiative to save college students time and money
COLUMBIA - Missouri launched its "15 to Finish" initiative Wednesday to help college students save money and graduate on time. The initiative will encourage college students to take at least 15 credit hours each semester.
Legislator signed the initiative in June. On Wednesday officials from more than 100 colleges and universities from across Missouri met to discuss the initiative.
The Missouri Department of Education said the initiative is needed because fewer than one third of college students in Missouri take 15 credit hours. The department said that makes it almost impossible for students to graduate on time.
Pete Ozias, director of undergraduate advising at the Missouri School of Journalism, said over all he believes the the initiative is a good idea.
"Many academic units strive to get students to balance realistic semester loads. 15 credits seems to be a happy spot for most students," Ozias said.
He said the Missouri School of Journalism was actually ahead of the legislation.
"We have made steps recently to adjust our curriculum to be in that place prior to the legislation," Ozias said.
Ozias said the incentive may help seniors.
"There is a financial incentive senior year when students are approaching that graduation point, and they are graduating on time."
But he believes the initiative may not work best for everyone.
"The students that could be affectively negatively by it would be maybe students that change their majors along the way. I'm not sure how that fits into the '15 to Finish plan'," Ozias said, "Non-traditional students that work or have families can't take 15 credits a semester."
One University of Missouri student, Sarah Dumas, agreed.
"Fifteen credit hours is definitely do-able for the majority of students, but sometimes there are special circumstances that stop people from being able to do that," Dumas said. "Whether it's work or just mental health stress because some classes require more time and attention than you can do if you have 15 credit hours."
Ozias said there are pros and cons with any legislation; it depends on how it's implemented.
"My hope is that the people that represent the colleges of Missouri are going to be at the forefront advising how that should roll out," Ozias said.
The Chelsea Collection of leather air, electric recliner sofas and armchairs offers supreme comfort and modern styling for unbeatable low prices - starting at just £299!
Chelsea Electric Recliner 3 Seater Sofa is only £599
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags:
• Sofa
• Armchair
• Furniture Industry:
• Furniture Location:
• Wickford - Essex - England Subject:
• Products
Contact
Furniture Outlet Stores
***@furnitureoutletstores.co.uk Furniture Outlet Stores
End
--, the home & garden furniture retailer guaranteeing the UK's lowest furniture prices for over 10 years, have launched a new range of electric sofas and armchairs.Featuring breathable leather air upholstery for added comfort throughout the year, theby Furniture Outlets provides unbeatable value for money.Main features:• Modern design, ultimate comfort and great quality.• Easy-to-use powered reclining mechanism can be started and stopped to give people the ideal seating position.• Leather air upholstery. Both durable and breathable, leather air is a quality material that keeps the sofa or armchair cool in the summer and warm in the winter. Also commonly known as air leather or leathaire, leather air is far superior to bonded leather and faux leather.• Kiln dry, wood frame.• Easy to clean and maintain."We are very excited to introduce our new range of Chelsea electric sofas and armchairs," says Ianto Bellis, Managing Director of Furniture Outlets."The benefits of bringing our customers this stylish furniture direct from the factory means Furniture Outlets can use the best materials and maintain the highest possible standards of manufacture, yet still sell every piece in the Chelsea Collection at incredibly low prices. Shoppers simply won't find an electric recliner sofa or electric recliner armchair of such high quality for a lower price anywhere else in the UK."The Chelsea Collection is available to buy now at https://furnitureoutletstores.co.uk (Black or Brown) – £299.00(Black or Brown) – £499.00(Black or Brown) – £599.00(Black or Brown) – £1099.00White, Cream, Grey and Taupe colour versions of the above items will also be available shortly.Furniture Outlets is an Essex based, family run business launched in 2007. Knowing that people would still need furniture during the recession, the company found a way to bring them a great choice of furniture at affordable prices.With two successful furniture outlet showrooms in Leigh-on-Sea and Wickford, the Furniture Outlet Stores website at https://furnitureoutletstores.co.uk was launched in late 2017. It is one of the first UK websites to bring the furniture outlet experience to online shoppers.In addition to Furniture Outlets' own furniture ranges like the new Chelsea Collection, all of the company's stores sell overstocked and end-of-season furniture and accessories from big name brands at half their original RRP or less.For over 10 years Furniture Outlet Stores have guaranteed customers the lowest prices in the UK - this guarantee stands today! New stock is added daily… but when it's gone, it's gone!Media Info:High-res images to accompany this press release are available for download from:Furniture Outlet Stores Online Press Office:https://furnitureoutletstores.pressloft.com/home.php
Police in North Yorkshire arrested 39 motorists on suspicion of drink or drug driving during the first 10 days of the force's Christmas crackdown.
To date, officers have arrested 34 men and five women across the county.
Scarborough is the area with the highest number of arrests at nine, followed by York with eight and Harrogate with seven.
The highest reading recorded so far during Operation Attention was provided by a 45-year-old man from Catterick, who was arrested on December 4.
He was arrested on suspicion of drink driving after he gave a reading of 128mg of alcohol per 100ml of breath – more than three-and-a-half times the legal limit.
Police said he had been released under investigation as enquiries continue.
Sergeant Andy Morton, of the Roads Policing Group, said: “Unfortunately we are again seeing drivers placing themselves and others at unnecessary risk, by drinking or taking drugs and getting behind the wheel.
“As we said at the start of this campaign, North Yorkshire Police is actively patrolling and targeting these drivers and we will arrest you and take you off the road.
“If the fact that you could kill or seriously injure an innocent person through your own selfish act doesn't deter you from drink or drug driving, maybe the fact that you will be arrested, taken into custody and a court appearance will follow.
“You'll face a hefty fine, loss of your licence and potentially a prison sentence – not to mention potential loss of employment, income and in some cases I have dealt with, relationship breakdown and loss of home.
“You have to ask yourself - is it really worth the risk?"
The first of those arrested and charged appeared before York Magistrates' Court last week.
Tracy Roberts, 52, of Middleton Road, York, pleaded guilty to driving a vehicle when alcohol level was above the legal limit.
She was disqualified from driving for 15 months and ordered to pay £415 in fines and costs.
Operation Attention will continue to run throughout this month.
Biotech Support Group presented a poster describing a biomarker panel of cancer dysregulation derived from serum proteomic profiles, at the New Jersey Cancer Retreat held on May 25, 2017 in New Brunswick, NJ.
Contact
Matthew Kuruc
***@biotechsupportgroup.com Matthew Kuruc
End
-- MONMOUTH JUNCTION, NJ, June 7, 2017 -- Biotech Support Group presented a poster describing a biomarker panel of cancer dysregulation derived from serum proteomic profiles, at the New Jersey Cancer Retreat held on May 25, 2017 in New Brunswick, NJ.Haiyan Zheng; Swapan Roy; Amenah Soherwardy; Seema Rahman; Matthew KurucRutgers Center for Integrative Proteomics, Piscataway, NJ;Biotech Support Group LLC, Monmouth Junction, NJ, entitled "In brief, while the landscape of cancer-associated DNA mutations has supported the initial concepts for liquid biopsy, it is now overwhelmingly apparent that throughout cancer progression, there are necessary adaptive microenvironments to support metastatic disease. We now present evidence that some of the essential interactions between stroma and proliferating cells can in part, be monitored through the protein response that tracks into the vascularized tumor and re-proportions the extracellular proteins (serum) found in the general blood circulation. These patent pending proteomic patterns can now be reported as a Stroma Liquid Biopsy™."Here we demonstrate that our serum proteome separations workflow produces very unique data that cannot be obtained by other methods. Our next goal is to associate this knowledge and data to establish relationships with client supplied samples characterized for progressive disease or response to therapies, ultimately achieving biomarkers useful in the clinic. Consequently this cancer biomarker profile can now be commercialized for many different applications including early detection, oncology drug development and personalized therapy decisions." states Swapan Roy, Ph.D., President and Founder of Biotech Support Group.To download the poster, visit:Converging with cultural and technological disruptions forthcoming in healthcare, Biotech Support Group develops methods for cost effective and efficient sample prep essential for these expanding markets. Following a tiered business strategy, the company continues its growth in the consumable research products area supporting the rapidly expanding installation of LC-MS instrument and computational infrastructure. For this market, key products include: AlbuVoid™ and AlbuSorb™ for albumin depletion, Cleanascite™for lipid adsorption, HemogloBind™and HemoVoid™ for hemoglobin removal, and NuGel™ for functional proteomics. From these innovations, the company has acquired knowledgebase and biomarker intellectual property assets that support discoveries of protein markers from blood, with special emphasis on early detection and personalized medical decisions for cancer patients. For more information, go to http://www.biotechsupportgroup.comMatthew Kuruc 732-274-2866mkuruc@biotechsupportgroup.com ( mailto:sales@ biotechsupportgroup.com
As it continues to seek support from Murray & Roberts (M&R) shareholders for its R15 a share buyout offer, German investment company Aton on Tuesday released salient information related to its buyout offer to address “stakeholder concerns”.
This follows after some of M&R's largest shareholders, including Old Mutual and the Public Investment Corporation, said they would reject Aton's offer.
Advertisement
Aton said its offer constitutes a foreign direct investment of up to R6.7-billion into South Africa and reiterated that it does not plan to delist M&R from the JSE.
Aton further motivated that it has a proven record and experience in the mining industry and also in service-oriented business-to-business businesses.
Advertisement
“Additionally, Aton can provide complementary technology-based expertise to M&R to unlock future growth,” said Aton.
The company added that Aton and its mining services provider affiliate Redpath's raise-boring competency is “best-in-class” and can leverage M&R's profile, especially in South Africa.
Moreover, Aton stated that a potential future combination of Aton's Redpath into M&R's mining platform would contribute to M&R's geographic expansion and size, and that M&R would benefit through Aton's financial strength and scale, “which ultimately puts M&R's competitive positioning beyond traditional markets”.
In terms of employee benefits, Aton highlighted that employee training and skills development are an integral part of Aton's strategy and values.
Additionally, Aton claimed that employee safety is an absolute priority and that it appreciates strong relationships with trade unions.
Aton assured M&R shareholders that it recognises the importance of broad-based black economic empowerment (BBBEE) and the local operating environment, noting that transformation is an integral part of Aton's strategy for South African operations.
The company said it would ensure a close working relationship with M&R's BBBEE shareholders that remain invested in M&R.
Finally, Aton affirmed that the company represents the generation-spanning investment company of a respected German family and that it has a long-term view on investments and employees.
“We have increased the workforce of our portfolio company Edag from about 6 100 to 8 400 employees within the last five years, and increased Aton's workforce from about 15 000 to 19 500 within the last five years.”
British police declared a major incident Wednesday after a man and a woman were exposed to an unknown substance close to the city of Salisbury, where a Russian former spy and his daughter were poisoned with nerve agent four months ago.
Emergency services were called to the town of Amesbury in Wiltshire county in southern England, after the pair, both in their 40s, were found unconscious in a property Saturday evening.
“They are both currently receiving treatment for suspected exposure to an unknown substance at Salisbury District Hospital. They are both in a critical condition,” Wiltshire Police said in a statement.
Police said the two were initially thought to have used heroin or crack cocaine from a contaminated batch of drugs, but that more testing was now being carried out to determine the nature of the substance.
British tabloid newspaper The Sun reported that the two were poisoned and that samples were sent to Porton Down, the nearby government laboratory, for testing.
The Sun reported that security chiefs fear that they could have been poisoned with same batch of Soviet-developed nerve agent used on Sergei Skripal, 66, and his daughter Yulia, 33, who were found unresponsive on a bench about 10 miles away in Salisbury on March 4.
London's Metropolitan Police Service said that counterterrorism officers were working with local police on the investigation, “given the recent events in Salisbury."
The places the Amesbury pair — whose identities weren't immediately released — frequented before they became ill have been cordoned off in Amesbury and Salisbury as a precaution and police patrols have increased. The Sun reported that they are not known to have any links to Russia or security services.
Public health officials said there is not believed to be a significant health risk to the public, but this “will be continually assessed as further information becomes known.”
Britain says the Skripals were poisoned with Novichok nerve agent and blames Russia. The Kremlin denies any responsibility. Sergei Skripal was jailed in Russia in 2006 for passing state secrets to Britain. He was released as part of a spy swap in 2010 and moved to Salisbury.
That poisoning incident has soured relations between Russia and many British allies including the expulsion of hundreds of diplomats on both sides.
Yulia was discharged from Salisbury District Hospital in April and her father was discharged from the same hospital in May. Both were taken to an undisclosed location for their protection.
© 2018 USATODAY.COM
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
Hundreds Attend Funeral Of Ipswich Teen
Hundreds of people have turned out to the funeral of a teenager who was stabbed to death in Ipswich as he walked back from the shops.
17 year old Tavis Spencer-Aitkens was attacked on June 2nd.
Two men are due to appear before Ipswich Crown Court later this month charged with his murder.
So many people attended his funeral today, that speakers were set up outside St Augustine's Church in Ipswich so people who could not fit inside the venue could hear the service.
Many of the young people there wore t-shirts bearing Tavis's nickname, "Biggz", which was also spelt out in flowers on top of the hearse.
His mother Sharon Box and twin brother Tyler were among those who walked with the cortege, with a horse-drawn carriage carrying his coffin.
This was followed by three black limousines and hundreds of people on foot.
In a tribute read to the service, his mother said: "Nobody knows what waits around the corner and I would like to say to each other and every one of you here today, love your children, love each other, just like I love my boys, family and friends."
She also said her "beautiful" son had been looking forward to going on holiday in Jamaica next year for his and Tyler's 18th birthday.
Songs by Bob Marley and Stormzy were played at the service, and tributes were read from Tavis's father Neville Aitkens, cousin Janaya McLennan and "soulmate" Shannon Green.
IT's important to remember that while the Kuwaiti government appears to be hopping mad about the latest incident involving a Philippine embassy “rapid reaction team” that rescued alleged abused Filipino domestic helpers in Kuwait, the Kuwaitis have not left the negotiating table. That's right: the hammering out of a historic memorandum of agreement between the two countries regarding the welfare and treatment of Filipino workers in Kuwait, according to both sides, continues – and both predict it will be signed once it is completed.
Why is this significant? Because, if the leaked videos regarding the controversial rescue were really deal-breakers, the first response of the Kuwaitis would be to walk away from the talks. But they haven't, which speaks volumes of the delicate dance of diplomacy both countries are performing to resolve this ticklish issue.
It is no secret that the Philippines has so far enjoyed the upper hand in the negotiations, which were the direct result of the discovery of the frozen body of domestic worker Joanna Demafelis in a freezer one year after she was apparently abused by the Arab (but not Kuwaiti) couple that employed her. The subsequent unilateral ban on new deployment of Filipino domestics to Kuwait ordered by President Rodrigo Duterte was the expected result of that incident. While it is doubtful if any Philippine administration had acted as quickly as Duterte did, the populist president in Manila could not have been acting in character if he hadn't issued the directive when he did.
The Kuwaitis, who knew they would suffer dislocation at home if Filipino domestics were repatriated, realized they had to do more than just actively pursue Demafelis' killers, which they did. They had to start negotiating to give better terms for their Filipino workers, like granting such basic demands as the end to the confiscation of their migrant workers' passports and cellular telephones.
It is impossible for the Kuwaitis not to be aware of the longtime abuses their citizens have perpetrated on their migrant househelp. While most Arabs treat their womenfolk badly, after all, they regularly treat their hired help worse; regional culture may allow this sort of institutionalized abuse, but Arabs cannot claim moral authority for allowing it.
Then came reports that Philippine embassy personnel, in organized fashion, staged the rescue of domestics who wanted to be freed from abusive employers. Some sectors of Kuwaiti society quickly called the incident a violation of their country's sovereignty and local laws, though it was never made clear what these statutes were.
The Philippine ambassador to Kuwait was summoned and supposedly reprimanded. The Kuwait parliament demanded the envoy's expulsion and two unnamed Filipino nationals were reportedly arrested for urging their compatriots to flee their own employers.
It sounded like a tense situation overall. But why weren't there any real sanctions or diplomatic repercussions, like the Kuwaitis abandoning the ongoing negotiations?
The reason could be found in Davao City, where Duterte met the Kuwaiti ambassador to the Philippines. According to reports from the presidential guest house in the southern city, Duterte had cordial and fruitful talks with the ambassador, which is diplomat-speak for real, substantial negotiations away from the noise in Kuwait City.
In other words, Duterte and the ambassador were saying that both understood that Kuwaiti authorities should be allowed to play to their domestic audience, which has received nothing but embarrassment since the Demafelis debacle. The more substantive, long-term discussions, like those on the drafting of an agreement on the treatment of OFWs in Kuwait, remain untouched by the necessary political noise being generated in the Middle East.
And it is important to understand, as well, that the repercussions of what is now going on in Kuwait have an impact throughout the region that employs by far the biggest number of Filipinos. It is reasonable to expect that Arab countries like Saudi Arabia, to name just one, are very intently observing the developments between Kuwait and the Philippines, with a view towards applying any lessons in their own localities.
* * *
The broader view must include how the crafting of an independent foreign policy, which includes a comprehensive policy on Filipino migrant workers, is certainly going to encounter many more problems like the ones now buffeting our relations with Kuwait. But Duterte cannot help but continue what he has started, which is to put the welfare of Filipinos wherever they are first and foremost in charting the country's course, independently and without regard for what traditional allies and former patrons may think or say.
Besides, for far too long, our migrant workers have suffered from neglect by their own government, viewed only as generators of hard cash in the form of remittances and as nuisances when they suffer abuse and exploitation.
As the Kuwait controversy has taught us, our migrant workers do have the power to move foreign governments, even if their own treats them as second-class citizens. Right now, although Kuwait will never admit it, their people cannot bear to lose their Filipino domestics and will (surprise, surprise) even offer them better terms if that will keep them from leaving.
It also bears noting that Filipinos here and abroad are solidly behind this government's actions in Kuwait, as evidenced by the lack of the usual noise from the usual suspects in the Philippine political opposition. If these professional carpers and critics are silent, you just know that they are afraid to get burned by being perceived to be taking the side of the foreign abusers of our migrant workers.
I'd trust Duterte to do what's right in his dealings with the Kuwaitis here. I'm sure he will not sell out his countrymen or ignore them when they are in distress.
Dave Cox, Middleton Idaho DUI Analyst and Consultant, recently concluded multiple DUI Seminars in Pennsylvania, helping DUI attorneys win more DUI cases.
Dave Cox
Contact
Dave Cox
***@yourduipro.com Dave Cox
End
--Your DUI Pro, recently traveled to Pennsylvania to present his well-received "Winning DUI Cases" Seminar. Dave visited Williamsport, Reading, and Harrisburg; Pennsylvania to deliver the seminar to some of Pennsylvania's best DUI attorneys. Dave Cox taught these Attorneys how to win DUI cases using NHTSA Manuals and advanced cross-examination techniques.The attorneys who attended Dave Cox's DUI Seminar, "Winning DUI Cases", had great things to say about their experience. Here are some testimonials from some of Pennsylvania's best DUI attorneys:"This course provides the defense counsel the material to be recognized in a courtroom setting as the truth giver in the case."Jordan D. Cunningham - Harrisburg, Pennsylvania"I've been licensed for 20 years and I've practiced criminal defense law in south-central Pennsylvania for most of that time. My case load is largely DUI-related. This seminar was very useful to me with practical and immediately usable tactics as well as practice management advice. It was worth every penny & then some."Joseph N. Gothie - York, PennsylvaniaDave Cox, DUI Analyst and Consultant, has personally trained thousands of attorneys across the United States. Dave is a former police officer and, during his career, he was recognized as one of the top DUI officers in the country. As an officer, Dave Cox was certified as a Drug Recognition Expert, the highest level of training wcj available to DUI enforcement officers. Dave now specializes in training attorneys how to easily and effectively use the officer, the officer's training, and the officer's NHTSA Manuals to win DUI Cases.In the upcoming weeks, Dave Cox will be presenting his DUI Seminar to attorneys in Florida, Iowa, Alaska, and Colorado. Dave will be visiting the following cities:Orlando, Tampa, and Miami; FloridaSioux City, Cedar Rapids, and Des Moines; IowaFairbanks and Anchorage; AlaskaFort Collins, Colorado Springs, and Denver; ColoradoTo register for upcoming seminars, please visit http://www.YourDUIPro.com/ seminars To learn more about Dave Cox and Your DUI Pro, please visit http://www.YourDUIPro.com
(New throughout, updates prices and market activity; changes byline, dateline, pvs LONDON)
* U.S. Treasury says mulls ultra long-term bonds
* U.S. April services sector growth beats expectations
* Dollar hits 112.49 yen, highest since Mar. 21
* Fed to release policy statement at 2 p.m. EDT (1800 GMT)
* Graphic: World FX rates in 2017 tmsnrt.rs/2egbfVh
By Sam Forgione
NEW YORK, May 3 The U.S. dollar hit its highest in more than six weeks against the yen on Wednesday as traders digested the possibility of ultra-long U.S. bond issuance, and after strong U.S. services sector growth kept hopes alive for a Federal Reserve interest rate increase in June.
The U.S. Treasury said it was studying the possibility of issuing ultra long-term bonds. The potential for greater issuance as a result of an ultra long-term bond being rolled out and higher Treasury yields as a result helped the dollar gain against the yen, analysts said.
The Institute for Supply Management (ISM) said its index of non-manufacturing activity rose to 57.5 in April from 55.2 the month before. The reading was above expectations of 55.8 from a Reuters poll of economists and dealt some relief to investors after a recent run of weak U.S. economic data
"The market is getting excited about the possibility of a 50-year bond," said Kathy Lien, managing director at BK Asset Management in New York.
The dollar hit 112.49 yen, its highest since March 21. The euro dipped 0.2 percent against the dollar to a session low of $1.0905 after touching a 5-1/2-month high of $1.0950 last week.
The ISM data boosted optimism that the Fed will hike rates in June despite weak first-quarter U.S. gross domestic product growth and inflation data. The Fed, which is scheduled to release a policy decision at 2 p.m. EDT (1800 GMT), is expected to hold interest rates steady.
"The stronger services growth was consistent with the U.S. economy turning the corner in Q2, so that's helping to strengthen the argument for the Fed to raise rates around the middle of the year," said Joe Manimbo, senior market analyst at Western Union Business Solutions in Washington.
Manimbo also said solid U.S. private payrolls data helped reinforce expectations for a strong April U.S. non-farm payrolls report this Friday. ADP said Wednesday that private employers expanded their payrolls by 177,000 jobs last month.
While that was the smallest gain since last October, it roughly matched expectations of economists surveyed by Reuters, who had forecast the report would show a gain of 175,000 jobs.
Manimbo added that the euro was weaker partly on uncertainty ahead of a televised debate between France's presidential rivals on Wednesday.
The dollar index, which measures the greenback against a basket of six major rivals, was last up 0.2 percent at 99.144 . (Additional reporting by Jemima Kelly in London; Editing by David Gregorio)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
70 PEOPLE IDENTIFIED AS DEAD OR PRESUMED DEAD TWO MONTHS AFTER GRENFELL FIRE
Police believe at least 80 people have died following the Grenfell Tower fire.
Two months on, and using official information from authorities and appeals from family and friends, the Press Association has identified 70 people either killed or presumed dead as a result of the blaze.
VULNERABLE CHILDREN LEFT WITHOUT HELP AS COUNCILS CUT SERVICES - CHARITY
Thousands of children in England referred to social services over concerns including abuse and neglect are not getting the help they need, a charity has said.
Action for Children has warned that up to 140,000 youngsters do not meet the threshold for social care and are not referred to early help after their case is closed.
In their latest report, Revolving Door, the charity said vulnerable children not at crisis point are being left without help as cash-strapped councils are forced to shrink or abandon services.
GOLDERS GREEN STABBING: MAN CHARGED WITH MURDERING MOTHER AND SISTER
A 27-year-old man is due in court today charged with murdering his mother and sister in north-west London.
Scotland Yard said two women aged 33 and 66 were stabbed to death in Golders Green Crescent, Golders Green, on Friday.
The victims have been named in reports as Hannah Cohen and Leah Cohen.
MAN, 23, CHARGED WITH NORFOLK MURDER OF DOG-WALKING OAP
A 23-year-old man has been charged with the murder of a grandfather who was attacked as he walked his dogs.
Peter Wrighton, 83, from The Moor, Banham, Norfolk, was repeatedly stabbed in the neck and head.
His body was found in woodland near the village of East Harling on August 5.
RAIL FARES 'HAVE RISEN TWICE AS MUCH AS WAGES SINCE 2010'
Rail fares have increased twice as much as pay since 2010, according to new research ahead of news on how many prices will go up next year.
Commuters and other passengers will find out on Tuesday how much extra they will be charged from the new year.
The Government links the annual January rise in Britain's regulated fares with the previous July's Retail Price Index (RPI) measure of inflation, which will be announced by the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
THERESA MAY Head BACK INTO BREXIT BATTLE
Theresa May is expected to be back in Downing Street this week as ministers prepare to flesh out their negotiating position on Brexit.
The return of the Prime Minister, who has spent three weeks on holiday in Italy with her husband Philip, coincides with the publication this week of a series of new position papers on Brexit - including one on the fraught issue of the border between Northern Ireland and the Republic.
It is thought that it will include an offer of continued free movement for Irish nationals in and out of the UK once Britain has left the EU in March 2019.
ARMED POLICE TO WEAR HEAD CAMERAS
Firearm officers working in the capital will be given head-mounted cameras to boost transparency, more than three years after the plans were first mooted.
The Metropolitan Police said officers working for armed response units will have the devices attached to baseball caps and ballistic helmets.
Cameras have already been given to 17,500 officers in the country's largest police force, with the latest tranche seeing 1,000 members of Firearms Command getting the devices.
JUDGE TO DECIDE ON RECALLING EVIDENCE FROM PUPILS OVER ANN MAGUIRE MURDER
A judge is to rule on a challenge against a coroner's decision not to call evidence from pupils who had contact with the schoolboy killer of teacher Ann Maguire immediately before the murder.
Mrs Maguire's husband Don, children and nephews want Mr Justice Holroyde to order the decision taken by assistant West Yorkshire coroner Kevin McLoughlin to be reconsidered.
An inquest into Mrs Maguire's death is due to take place before a jury at Wakefield Coroner's Court in November.
MAN ACCUSED OF DEADLY ATTACK AT CHARLOTTESVILLE PROTEST 'IDOLISED HITLER'
The young man accused of ploughing a car into a crowd of anti-fascist protesters in Virginia was fascinated with Nazism, idolised Adolf Hitler, and had been singled out by at school for his "deeply held, radical" convictions on race, one of his former teachers has said.
James Fields also confided that he had been diagnosed with schizophrenia when he was younger and had been prescribed an anti-psychotic medication, Derek Weimer said.
In high school, Fields was an "average" student, but had a keen interest in military history, Hitler, and Nazi Germany, said Mr Weimer, his social studies teacher at Randall K Cooper school in Union, Kentucky.
AT LEAST 17 KILLED AS GUNMEN TARGET BURKINA FASO RESTAURANT
Suspected Islamic extremists have attacked a Turkish restaurant popular with foreigners in Burkina Faso's capital, killing at least 17 people.
It is the second such attack on a restaurant in the last two years.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility for the violence, which continued into the early hours of Monday with yet another heavy exchange of gunfire overheard by witnesses.
In a neighborhood of Istanbul that's plastered with Arabic signs, a Syrian refugee whips up his specialty — avocado cream smoothies — at the small, colorful cafe where he works.
Majd al-Hassan has been in Turkey for two years, but has yet to learn much Turkish. He doesn't need to. This area is filled with fellow Syrians. He's paid in cash, under the table, and has yet to really integrate into Turkish society, he acknowledges.
"We've got Syrian supermarkets, Syrian restaurants — just like back home," says Hassan, 26. "I haven't even applied for a Turkish ID card. If peace comes to Syria, I'll go home tomorrow."
Nearby, a resident who describes herself as one of the last Turks living on this street near Istanbul's Fatih Mosque says she no longer recognizes her neighborhood.
"Before, this area was only Turkish people, mostly. But now, here, there, everywhere, it's all Syrian people," says Tulay Suleyman, who was born here. "Some Turkish people, they don't like these [new] people. Their culture is a little bit different than ours. [They're] mostly ignorant people — homeless people, low-class."
Xenophobia has flared with the arrival of migrants in parts of Europe. That has not been as big a problem in Turkey, even though there are some 3 million Syrians here — more than in all of Europe combined.
As in Europe, many of the Syrians in Turkey are educated professionals who are under-employed, working off the books for low pay — part of Turkey's swelling black-market economy.
At first, when Syrian refugees began streaming over the Turkish border in 2011, the Turkish government granted them a special protected status — but no work permits.
Many thought the regime of Syrian President Bashar Assad would fall quickly — another domino in the Arab Spring — and that Syrian refugees would be able to cross back over the border and return home swiftly.
With the Syrian war now in its seventh year, Turkey has opened a path to Syrians for official employment. But few have taken it.
One of the government's motives in trying to regularize Syrians is that Turks have been worried about having their wages undercut.
"There was a public concern that Turkish people would be unemployed because of the Syrians being employed with lower fees [wages]," says labor lawyer Mehmet Ata Sarikaripoglu. "We see what happened in Europe, and how the politics in Europe has changed after that."
Fearing a political backlash, Turkey started a program in January 2016 to increase work permits for refugees. The government also now requires companies to give Syrians the same pay and benefits as Turks. But the roll-out has been slow.
Integrating Syrians is political too. They tend to be more religious and conservative than many Turks — and they tend to support Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan. He's floated the idea of offering them Turkish citizenship, but that has prompted a backlash from some opposition parties and more secular Turks.
At an Istanbul municipal office, long lines of Syrians snake across the lobby. People are registering for Turkish ID cards and health care, and signing up their children for public schools — all services they get for free as refugees.
One man yells and shakes with frustration. He says bureaucrats keep telling him to come back tomorrow. Turkey's social services are overloaded with newcomers like himself, he says.
Behind the lobby's front desk, Yahiya Osman helps Syrians register for ID cards and health care. He's a Syrian refugee himself, and has worked here for four years — even though he only got a work permit two weeks ago.
"It makes me eligible for private health insurance, a pension and worker's compensation," says Osman, 33. "You've got to think ahead. We're not sure what's going to happen in Syria. We might have to stay here in Turkey forever."
But Turkish government statistics show out of the 3 million Syrians here, fewer than 14,000 had work permits by January — a year into the program.
"It's a very exhausting procedure," says Sule Akarsu, who manages a charity that teaches Syrian refugees how to do bricklaying and other construction work.
Her work is dedicated to helping Syrian refugees. Yet even she has not applied for work permits for her Syrian staff.
"It takes nearly three months to get permission for the Syrians," she says. "It's also difficult for Turkish industry, doing all these procedures."
Only companies can apply for these permits, not employees, and they must pay monthly social security for each worker — even if it's a Syrian who doesn't plan to stay in Turkey long-term. Some employers say it's not worth the hassle and expense.
There are questions about how much Turkey's government really wants to implement this policy. It has threatened to fine companies that hire Syrians without permits. But the fines are rarely enforced.
At an Istanbul cafe, Adnan Hadad, another Syrian, says it's not just the bureaucracy that slows things down. He's dragged his feet too. When he arrived four years ago, he thought he'd be in Turkey "a couple of years," he says.
"But the Syrian war, and how it eventually evolved, made me realize I'll be here a lot longer," Hadad says.
He still dreams of growing old back home in Syria. But for now, he's starting in on some Turkish paperwork.
An Italian solution could soon help to solve a rural Irish problem – a Co Roscommon town left without a hotel for six years.
Residents of Boyle are being asked to support a proposal for a scattered hotel – based on the Italian “Albergo Diffuso” model – which would see four-star accommodation provided in rooms over shops and in empty buildings in the town.
Boyle's Royal Hotel closed its doors in 2011 after 230 years and is now a faded eyesore in the heart of a town which is failing to bring in visitors to nearby tourist attractions such as the Cicterican Abbey, King House (the former home of the King Harmon family) and Lough Key Forest Park.
Dorothy Shannon of King House Tearooms, Boyle, which would be part of the Scattered Hotel plan. Photograph: Brian Farrell
With the hotel closed, and the shutters down on several town centre businesses, locals say Boyle has failed to exploit its heritage attractions as well as the buzz created when local actor Chris O'Dowd set the TV series Moone Boy in the town.
Property owners ... needed to 'have skin in the game if this is to work'
Writer and Boyle native John Mulligan believes no one would invest the millions needed to construct a traditional hotel in the town. However, he got the scatterd hotel idea after staying in an Albergo Diffuso in Italy.
He said the model had helped to revive more than 40 Italian heritage towns and could give Boyle a major boost.
Feasibility
Members of a “town team” set up to spearhead the project are carrying out a feasibility study and believe the first phase of the “scattered hotel “ could be up and running next year. Expressions of interest are being sought from property owners on Main Street, Bridge Street and Patrick Street.
Tommy Cunningham, owner of Sloan's hardware shop, said he would definitely sign up to the scattered hotel concept. “We have two floors vacant above the shop,” said Mr Cunningham, who owns a number of town centre properties.
Chris O'Dowd and David Rawle, the stars of Moone Boy. Photograph: Brian Farrell
He said property owners would have to commit for a minimum of 10 years and needed to “have skin in the game if this is to work”.
I left when I was 17 and every time I come back there's somewhere else closed
Mr Cunningham said the plan needed to work “otherwise the town is gone”.
He recalled every street in the town having its own football team back when “there were 20 families living on Main Street but there are probably three people living there now”.
Brussels-based lawyer James Candon, who owns a number of vacant properties on Patrick Street where his family ran a wholesale food business, is also supporting the initiative.
Tommy Cunningham and his wife Teresa outside their landmark hardware store in Boyle, part of which would form part of the Scattered Hotel plan. Photograph: Brian Farrell
“It would be a fantastic boost for Boyle,” he said. “ I left when I was 17 and every time I come back there's somewhere else closed. All that's left are the betting shops . . . There used to be 26 pubs in the town. Now there are eight or nine.”
Committee
His cousin Alison Clarke, who runs a bar and restaurant on Patrick Street, is on the committee which recently met with Minister of State for Housing and Urban Renewal Damian English to promote the idea.
Mr English said the “scattered hotel” idea was one of a number being looked in his department but that “Boyle is a place that would suit a concept like that”.
The locals made a case for grant aid of €1.3 million towards a first phase comprising 20 rooms , a fitted out reception area and a central hub.
Dorothy Shannon who runs the bustling King House tearooms says she would be up for the challenge of catering for the scattered hotel clientele.
“It is a really clever idea and Boyle needs ideas now. If we work together it will happen.”
In this image made from video, a Porsche Carrera car is underneath another car in Sydney, Australia Thursday, May 31, 2018. Australian media say a valet drove the soft-top Porsche Carrera under another vehicle Thursday outside the Hyatt Regency Hotel in Sydney. (Australian Broadcasting Corp. via AP)
Mansour Ojjeh says McLaren and Honda are working feverishly to get out of a "crisis", because either side "cannot continue like this".
Ojjeh is a major, long-time and normally low-profile shareholder of the once-great British team, but he was in Bahrain last weekend and not shy to let his opinion be known about the current McLaren-Honda situation.
"The disappointment is huge, even for Honda," he told the French magazine Auto Hebdo.
"We were promised a lot and are the first ones to be disappointed to offer so little. They (Honda) have given their mea culpa, but that doesn't make us look better," he added.
The very latest rumour is that McLaren is drafting in the services of Mercedes, to collaborate with Honda on rapidly improving its dire 2017 power unit.
"We work on different scenarios, of which I cannot speak right now," Ojjeh said.
"But we are spending a lot of time and energy and meetings on finding a solution. And fast. We have a culture of victory and we cannot continue like this."
Ojjeh also referred to reports that, after the Indy 500 this year, the next challenge for Fernando Alonso to take on will be winning the fabled Le Mans 24 hour.
"Fernando is a great driver who has suffered for two years," he said.
"He wants the triple crown. I told him that he is crazy to go to Indianapolis, but we spoke to Juan Pablo Montoya who told us not to worry, that he will adapt easily.
"Fernando also wants to win Le Mans. In a personal capacity I would very much like McLaren to return to Le Mans, but Fernando wants to do it in LMP1.
"For the moment the priority is a good engine in F1," Ojjeh added.
Friday is Wear Red Day to bring about awareness to women's heart health.
Terese Beauchamp, the manager of the Karen Yontz Center at Aurora St. Luke's, joined Live at 4 Friday to talk about American Heart Month.
February 14, 2017
Today, Governor Eric Greitens ordered that the flags of the United States and the State of Missouri at all state government buildings in Jackson County, Clay County, Platte County, and Cass County be flown at half-staff on Wednesday (Feb. 15) in honor of Battalion Chief Thomas G. Byrne, of the Kansas City Fire Department.
Battalion Chief Byrne, age 51, died on Feb. 11.
Governor Greitens released the following statement,
“Thomas Byrne dedicated his life to protecting the people of Missouri and his fellow brothers in Fire Protection. He served honorably for 30 years, and became Battalion Chief. We are grateful for his service, deeply saddened by this loss, and praying for his family and fellow firefighters.”
Under Governor Greitens order, U.S. and Missouri flags at state buildings in those counties will fly at half-staff from sunrise until sunset on Feb. 15, 2017, the day the funeral services for Battalion Chief Byrne will take place.
NEW YORK (AP) — The MGM-Warner Bros. reboot "Tomb Raider" couldn't dethrone "Black Panther" at the weekend box office in U.S. and Canada theaters, as Ryan Coogler's superhero sensation stayed No. 1 for the fifth straight weekend.
Disney's "Black Panther" grossed $26.7 million in ticket sales over the weekend, according to final studio figures Monday. In five weeks, "Black Panther" has steadily climbed up the ranks of the biggest modern blockbusters, with $605 million thus far domestically. Not since 2009's "Avatar" has a movie topped the box office five straight weekends.
"Tomb Raider," starring Alicia Vikander, failed to rekindle the dormant video-game franchise. The $90 million film debuted in second with $23.6 million. But it fared better overseas, where it grossed $84.5 million, including $41.1 million in China.
The surprise of the weekend was the Lionsgate-Roadside Attractions Christian drama "I Can Only Imagine," which grossed $17.1 million on about 1,700 screens. The film, which co-stars Dennis Quaid and Cloris Leachman, cost only $7 million to make. It stars J. Michael Finley as the singer behind one of the most popular Christian songs, by the band MercyMe.
Advertisement
Twentieth Century Fox's "Love, Simon," the first film from a major Hollywood studio featuring a gay teen protagonist, opened with $11.8 million and an A-plus CinemaScore from audiences.
The top 20 movies at U.S. and Canadian theaters Friday through Sunday, followed by distribution studio, gross, number of theater locations, average receipts per location, total gross and number of weeks in release, as compiled Sunday by comScore:
1. "Black Panther," Disney, $26,650,690, 3,834 locations, $6,951 average, $605,027,218, 5 Weeks.
2. "Tomb Raider," Warner Bros., $23,633,317, 3,854 locations, $6,132 average, $23,633,317, 1 Week.
3. "I Can Only Imagine," Roadside Attractions, $17,104,797, 1,739 locations, $9,836 average, $17,104,797, 1 Week.
4. "A Wrinkle In Time," Disney, $16,256,879, 3,980 locations, $4,085 average, $60,751,533, 2 Weeks.
5. "Love, Simon," 20th Century Fox, $11,756,244, 2,402 locations, $4,894 average, $11,756,244, 1 Week.
6. "Game Night," Warner Bros., $5,602,230, 2,686 locations, $2,086 average, $54,206,414, 4 Weeks.
7. "Peter Rabbit," Sony, $5,201,647, 2,725 locations, $1,909 average, $102,441,915, 6 Weeks.
8. "Strangers: Prey At Night," Aviron Pictures, $4,701,089, 2,464 locations, $1,908 average, $18,503,141, 2 Weeks.
9. "Red Sparrow," 20th Century Fox, $4,531,187, 2,583 locations, $1,754 average, $39,664,829, 3 Weeks.
10. "Death Wish," MGM, $3,368,565, 2,676 locations, $1,259 average, $29,950,250, 3 Weeks.
11. "Annihilation," Paramount, $1,733,605, 1,087 locations, $1,595 average, $29,628,348, 4 Weeks.
12. "Jumanji: Welcome To The Jungle," Sony, $1,622,505, 1,556 locations, $1,043 average, $400,246,103, 13 Weeks.
13. "7 Days in Entebbe," Focus Features, $1,592,645, 838 locations, $1,901 average, $1,592,645, 1 Week.
14. "The Greatest Showman," 20th Century Fox, $1,134,199, 737 locations, $1,539 average, $169,703,817, 13 Weeks.
15. "The Hurricane Heist," Entertainment Studios Motion Pictures, $1,033,246, 2,283 locations, $453 average, $5,369,167, 2 Weeks.
16. "The Shape Of Water," Fox Searchlight, $793,617, 758 locations, $1,047 average, $62,682,254, 16 Weeks.
17. "Gringo," STX Entertainment, $655,891, 2,314 locations, $283 average, $4,522,102, 2 Weeks.
18. "Fifty Shades Freed," Universal, $610,535, 873 locations, $699 average, $99,626,835, 6 Weeks.
19. "The Death of Stalin," IFC Films, $537,497, 32 locations, $16,797 average, $801,066, 2 Weeks.
20. "Thoroughbreds," Focus Features, $487,690, 564 locations, $865 average, $2,294,050, 2 Weeks.
KRT prosecution begins closing statement
The prosecution began its closing statements at the Khmer Rouge tribunal yesterday, anticipating and pre-empting arguments from the defence as they attempted to establish that Khmer Rouge leaders Nuon Chea and Khieu Samphan were directly and personally responsible for the atrocities committed under their regime.
The current case against the pair, Case 002/02, includes charges of genocide, forced marriage, persecution of Buddhists and various other crimes against humanity, such as extermination and enslavement.
The defence for Nuon Chea has argued that the atrocities committed under the regime were the result of rogue factions and Vietnamese collaborators working against the central leadership, and has accused the court of bias and of following an overly simplistic narrative perpetuated by foreign historians. National Co-Prosecutor Chea Leang, however, opened her statements yesterday with a staunch rejection of these claims.
“Contrary to what we have heard from the defence, this case is and always has been about the evidence . . . It is this evidence, and not anybody's narrative, that proves the crimes for which the accused is responsible,” Leang said. “Evidence, not narrative; truth, not propaganda; facts, not conspiracy theories.”
From there, Leang and her colleagues spoke about the various crimes the two former communist leaders are being tried for, both summarising evidence for the existence of the crimes and presenting arguments for why the accused are responsible through personal culpability and joint criminal enterprise.
“There can be no serious doubt that one of the policies implemented by [Khmer Rouge] leaders was the closing of pagodas, disrobing of monks and prohibition of the practice of Buddhism,” Leang said, launching into one of the charges against the accused.
“Defence would have you believe it was just a coincidence that every pagoda was closed and every monk defrocked in every corner of the country. It was not. It was a decision made by Pol Pot, Nuon Chea, Khieu Samphan and other top [Khmer Rouge] leaders,” she continued.
Leang went on to trace the decision to eradicate Buddhism from Cambodia to a meeting held by high-level leaders in May 1975. One of the attendees of this meeting testified that both Pol Pot and Nuon Chea spoke about the need to close pagodas. Another attendee was the Tram Kak district secretary.
From there, Leang quoted testimony from a Tram Kak monk, showing that Buddhists faced persecution in that district in an attempt to directly link Chea's comments to the crime.
“We were told that we cannot remain as a monk. Any monk should leave the monkhood or be defrocked,” Em Phoeung testified.
“I was told that . . . we all should be patient and follow their instructions, otherwise we would be killed,” Phoeung added later.
Deputy Co-Prosecutor Seng Bunkheang next presented on the topic of forced marriage, also seeking to establish direct links between the accused and the crime, and also pre-empting arguments from the defence that the crime amounts to putting Cambodia's long tradition of arranged marriages on trial.
“Nuon Chea likens forced marriage to efforts countries have made to promote population growth by providing fertility centres,” Bunkheang said.
“Khieu Samphan, for his part, claims that forced marriages were an improvement on traditional marriage, and that the forced marriages were an insignificant shift from parents participating in choosing partners for their children to the government playing that role,” he continued.
“The testimony this court has heard . . . shows that the victims” – many of whom recounted experiences of rape and threats – “did not consider forced marriages to be an improvement”.
Assistant Prosecutor Dale Lysak concluded the session, taking a more emotional approach as he broached the topic of mass exterminations in security centres across the country.
“Hundreds of thousands of people murdered at these sites. Killings that left a hole in an entire generation of Cambodians that is still felt today in this country,” he said.
Lysak referred to Amnesty International's report on the number of executions that took place in the year 2016, noting that there was a total of 1,032 executions reported.
“In one month alone, May 1978, at least 1,074 prisoners were executed at S-21. More than the entire worldwide total for 2016,” Lysak said.
Lysak then presented a brief slideshow, displaying photos of some of the victims executed at S-21 and a short description of who they were. Among the victims was a 13-year-old girl whose 8-year-old brother was also killed.
He also touched on the many reports and communications sent between the central leadership and the zone leaders, detailing exactly who entered S-21, what their crimes were and when they were executed.
“This evidence refutes any claim that they did not know what was taking place. They knew and they knew in excruciating detail,” Lysak said.
The prosecution will conclude its closing statements today.
Emma Mhic Mhathúna has called on Taoiseach Leo Varadkar and Minister for Health Simon Harris to have her court case on Thursday settled so she can spend time with her family before she dies.
A number of protests are under way around Ireland in the wake of the CervicalCheck controversy. The national day of action, organised by #Standing4Women, is taking place at 25 locations around the country.
The group said the day of action was part of a campaign for mandatory open disclosure to be implemented with an agreed timeline.
Ms Mhic Mhathúna and her five children have begun a High Court action over alleged delays relating to CervicalCheck smears.
The terminally ill Co Kerry woman has, along with her five children who range in age from two to 16 years, sued the HSE and a US laboratory used by CervicalCheck.
She is one of the 209 women with cervical cancer who were found to have received incorrect smear tests during a clinical audit of past tests by the CervicalCheck screening programme after their cancer diagnoses.
The 37-year-old is among 162 of those who were only told about the incorrect tests after Limerick woman Vicky Phelan settled her court case against a US laboratory for € 2.5 million.
Ms Mhic Mhathúna was diagnosed with cervical cancer in 2016.
Her barrister told the High Court on Wednesday his client, who was in court for the application, wants the case settled as soon as possible.
Ms Mhic Mhathúna said she would continue to fight to ensure legislation for mandatory disclosure is brought forward. Photograph: Brian Lawless/PA Wire
Ms Mhic Mhathúna was joined by her two sons Séamus and Mario at a demonstration for cervical cancer outside the Dáil on Wednesday.
‘Egomaniacs'
“I was told by my solicitor not to talk anymore but he should know by now that I don't listen. I was in the High Court today listening to all the egomaniacs argue over whose fault it is,” she said.
“I found out last night that the 2010 smear that I should have had a coloposcopy. The letters from America never arrived to Ireland so where did the letters go? How many more women are affected by this?” she asked.
“Simon Harris has 24 hours to tell the HSE who he is supposed to be in control over, that they were wrong and to get me out of the spider's web in the Four Courts so I can go home and have fun with my children as I am entitled to do,” she said.
“This whole movement is about policy changes and not policing us and keeping us quiet. We are on a 24-hour wait in the Four Courts tomorrow to see if they're going to take responsibility. This is a chance for the Irish Government to stand in front of us, Braveheart style, and say 'no more' to the daughters of Ireland,” she said.
“I guarantee if this was an Irish lab that done this to Americans, Donald Trump would have no bother telling us to eff-off. Instead we have docile people in our Government who are afraid to turn around and say this is unacceptable. There are women who are dead; these labs should never get a business contract again,” she said.
Ms Mhic Mhathúna said she would continue to fight to ensure legislation for mandatory disclosure is brought forward.
“Terminal cancer or not, people don't realise when you are dying, you are the strongest that you will ever be because you are fighting for survival.
“I am being ripped apart by my five children. I have a daughter starting the junior cert next week, then I have my two sons here and two sons at home. I will not die leaving this country in unsafe hands,” she said.
GENEVA The United Nations refugee agency called on European Union states on Monday not to send Middle Eastern and African asylum seekers back to Hungary for assessment until that country amends its new law on detaining migrants at the border.
Prime Minister Viktor Orban, who has called mass migration a threat to Europe's socioeconomic make-up and a "Trojan horse for terrorism", has defended the policy that went into effect on March 28. Hungary has been a focal point for Europe's migration crisis since 2015.
"The situation for asylum-seekers in Hungary, which was already of deep concern to UNHCR, has only gotten worse since the new law introducing mandatory detention for asylum-seekers came into effect," Filippo Grandi, U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees, said in a statement.
The EU's so-called Dublin regime, based on the Dublin Convention signed in the Irish capital in 1990, allows EU states to return refugees to the first safe country they reached on their flight to the bloc.
Grandi urged states to "suspend any Dublin transfer of asylum-seekers to this country until the Hungarian authorities bring their practices and policies in line with European and international law".
The European Commission has said that Hungary must ensure that its new policy of detaining migrants does not break EU rules on protecting people in need of asylum.
"Since it came into force on 28 March, new asylum-seekers, including children, are detained in shipping containers surrounded by high razor fences at the border for the entire length of their asylum procedures," the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) said.
As of last Friday, 110 people, including four unaccompanied children and children with their families, were held there, it said.
"While acknowledging the authorities' recent efforts to address police violence, we remain very concerned about highly disturbing reports of serious incidents of ill-treatment and violence against people crossing the border into Hungary, including by State agents," Grandi said.
(Reporting by Stephanie Nebehay; Editing by Toby Chopra)
RIDE-sharing application and transport network company Uber Systems Inc. (Uber) has filed a motion for reconsideration on its one-month suspension by the Land Transportation Franchising and Regulatory Board (LTFRB).
In a statement on Twitter, Uber said: “In response to overwhelming rider and driver demand, we have filed a motion for reconsideration with the LTFRB and will be resuming and continuing operations until the motion is resolved.”
The (TNC) also added that it would be resuming its services in Metro Manila and Cebu.
“Over the course of this morning, tens of thousands of riders were left stranded, causing needless inconvenience, while drivers were unable to access the earning opportunities they rely on,” Uber said.
LTFRB board member Aileen Lizada said, however, that despite the Uber motion, the suspension order against the company “stands.”
Lizada said that she has sent the Metropolitan Manila Development Authority (MMDA) a text message saying, “Uber is online again. Let us apprehend them.
The LTFRB meted out a one-month suspension on Uber “and was ordered to cease and desist operations of their online booking application during the period of suspension.”
This order requires Uber to suspend the use of its vehicles, even those with certificates of public convenience (CPCs) or provisional authority (PA) to operate.
The government agency fined Uber and rival Grab P5 million each, for operating around 50,000 vehicles without any permits. Lizada told an interview on radio that violators of rules governing ride-sharing services would face a maximum fine of P120,000 and their vehicles impounded for three months.
LTFRB cited that while Grab followed this order, Uber allowed three of its vehicles to operate on July 27.
“We are looking forward to urgently resolving this matter with LTFRB in the interests of everyone who depends on Uber everyday,” the TNC said in an advisory. GLEE JALEA
By Omar al-Jaffal for Al-Monitor. Any opinions expressed are those of the author, and do not necessarily reflect the views of Iran Business News.
Iran has reportedly appointed Brig. Gen. Iraj Masjedi as its new ambassador to Baghdad, replacing Hassan Dana'i Fer, according to Iranian media reports on Jan. 15.
Masjedi is a prominent leader of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC) and serves as an adviser to Qasem Soleimani, the commander of the Iranian Quds Force. Masjedi confirmed the news himself in an official statement but did not say when he would officially assume his new position.
Saudi Minister of State for Gulf Affairs Thamer Sabhan, who served as the first Saudi ambassador in Iraq after 2003, attacked Masjedi on Jan.15, calling him “an internationally wanted war criminal.”
Faleh al-Fayyad, the national security adviser and head of the Popular Mobilization Units (PMU), was quick to reply on Jan. 22, saying, “Our relations with Iraq are not determined by other parties,” a jab at Saudi Arabia. Fayyad welcomed Masjedi as the new ambassador to Iraq and did not miss an opportunity to praise him, calling him “a brother.”
“We have good memories of Masjedi and his long history of supporting Iraq. There is no doubt that he will play an important role in improving relations and defending the interests of both countries,” Fayyad said.
Haidar al-Moul, a parliament member for the Shiite National Alliance, called, albeit reluctantly, the Iraqi Foreign Ministry to vet Masjedi and to investigate whether he is a war criminal.
He classed Masjedi's presence as part of Iran's military expansion in Iraq. Many media outlets reported that Masjedi is working on strengthening the military and political presence of the PMU and other armed factions.
There is not much information available on Masjedi, who has been described by the Washington Institute as a “seasoned Quds Force operative.” “What is clear is his reportedly deep involvement in Quds Force activities in Iraq over the past several years, many resulting in the death, injury or kidnapping of US and coalition personnel as well as the assassination of Iraqi provincial officials who did not see eye to eye with Tehran,” the article read.
COLUMBIA - Before any medals are passed out, before any athletes slide down the slopes, a torch is lit. The symbolic Olympic tradition will forever be embedded in the memory of Columbia resident Larry Mankin.
It was during Mankin's time as the president and CEO of the Kalamazoo, Michigan Chamber of Commerce he received a call from a headhunter in Dallas, Tx. The headhunter told Mankin he wanted him to consider a job as the president and CEO of a city that would soon be hosting an international event.
Mankin went through the process of several interviews and finally said he would take the job serving as the president and CEO of the Salt Lake Area Chamber of Commerce, only if it meant he could be involved with the international event. In 1999, Mankin eventually found himself in Salt Lake City, just about the same time it was announced the city would host the 2002 Winter Olympic Games.
From there, Mankin said it was a whirlwind. Buildings went up, one bridge was expanded from four lanes to 12 lanes, a light rail system was constructed, and all of the Olympic infrastructure was created.
"You just imagine having a city that brings people in from all over the world during the winter for skiing and activities," Mankin said. "Imagine having an extra having an extra 120,000 people in town everyday."
One of the most symbolic mementos of the Olympic games is the torch. Thousands of people carried the torch, all who met the standard, as Lankin said, of doing something that inspires others. Former Massachusetts Governor Mitt Romney saw something in Mankin and nominated him to be one of the 11,000 people to carry the Olympic torch.
"I picked the letter up and said, 'no it's not me, I haven't been nominated. I'm Larry Mankin I run a Chamber of Commerce, who would I inspire, why would anybody give me the opportunity to carry the Olympic torch,'" Mankin said. "I thought, wow life was really good."
He said he believes he took over a chamber and it was his leadership he said inspired his fellow leaders and showed the dedication it takes to host such an enormous event.
Mankin carried the torch at 9:30 in the morning for about two minutes in West Salt Lake City, two minutes he describes as one most memorable Olympic moments for him. Early that morning Mankin thought no spectators would be there to witness his carrying of the torch. He was wrong. Thousands of people lined the street to watch a moment of Olympic history.
"I kinda felt like a rock star, " Mankin said. "It was just an amazing experience and very inspiring. It is just one of those things I will never forget."
As one of the torch bearers, Mankin was given the opportunity to purchase his torch. To remember his time serving on the Olympic Board, Mankin displays this torch on a plaque in his house, surrounded by pictures and other pins that memorialize his experience.
Since his time in Salt Lake City, Mankin has relocated to Columbia where he said there is nothing he likes more than to share his Olympic token.
"I play the game of holding it right where they are supposed to. For the kids it always brings that excitement back. It is like the gift that keeps on giving," Mankin said.
As he watches the games in Sochi, Mankin said they bring back many memories.
"The opening ceremonies is one of the most amazing things you can ever expect," Mankin said. "Prior to the time that the lights come on and all the actives begin, it is just electric."
As for any future plans regarding the Olympics, Mankin said he would love to go back.
SCARBOROUGH – Windham beautifully battled mighty Scarborough through the first half of the teams' semifinals matchup on Saturday, June 10. But a Hunter Greenleaf grand slam in the bottom of the fourth propelled the Storm out front in a big way, leading to an eventual 5-0 victory.
“It stinks, to lose to them again,” Windham head coach Travis Demmons said. “We just came up a little bit short, yet again here. I think we're right there. One pitch, it's a different ballgame. And Lily (Volk, Scaborough starter in the circle) has just got our number.”
It was the sort of game one might expect from these two titans of Maine high school softball – which is to say, it looked nothing like their regular-season matchup, when the Eagles assuredly did not bring their A-game to the diamond and suffered a 15-0 defeat for it.
“We played clean today,” Demmons said of the difference between the two bouts. “Dani was throwing strikes, we weren't issuing walks. Mainly, the girls were making plays. They made routine plays, and they made some excellent plays.”
Both teams threatened now and then throughout the action, but in the end, only Scarborough could get girls around.
“We had opportunities, early in the game, we just couldn't get the clutch hit,” Demmons said.
Greenleaf's grand slam drove in Courtney Brochu, Sam Carreiro and Lindsey Kelley. “There was nothing that stood out,” Demmons said of the Eagles' play leading up to the hit. “Just base hits. Singles. They strung a few hits together. And that pitch, that was belt-high, middle of the plate, and with Dani's velocity not what it was in years past, she can't afford those.”
Windham ace Dani Tardiff had shoulder surgery in the off-season and has been recuperating since.
The Storm added a final run in the sixth to cap the afternoon.
“Tom (Griffin, Scaborough head coach) has done a great job with them,” Demmons said of the opposition. “I've got nothing but respect for that program. And they win the right way; they're respectful. Kudos to them.”
Windham retires for the year at 14-4. Scarborough, 18-0 after dispatching the Eagles, faced off with No. 2 Portland in the A South Final on June 14th.
Adam Birt can be reached at abirt@keepmecurrent.com. Follow him on Twitter: @CurrentSportsME
Scarborough pitcher Lily Volk whips a ball toward first.
Sam Carreiro arrives home for Scarborough after Hunter Greenleaf's grand slam.
CANADA STOCKS-Futures lower as oil prices fall on rising output
June 14 Stock futures pointed to a lower opening for Canada's main stock index on Wednesday as oil prices declined after data showed an increase in U.S. crude stockpiles and the OPEC reported a rise in production.
The findings of investigation into the plane crash that killed four set to be released.
The wreckage of a Cessna Citation which crashed on October 13, 2016, is seen in the woods near Lake Country, B.C., in this October 15, 2016, Transportation Safety Board handout image. The aircraft crashed shortly after takeoff, killing the pilot and all three passengers aboard, including the former Alberta Premier Jim Prentice. THE CANADIAN PRESS/HO-TSB,
The investigation into the 2016 plane crash that killed four passengers, including former Alberta premier Jim Prentice, after it departed Kelowna has been completed and results will be announced later this week.
The Transportation Safety Board will hold a news conference Thursday to release its investigation report on the Oct. 13 2016 crash of the Cessna Citation 500, and the Capital News will report on its findings.
At the time of the crash RCMP Cpl. Dan Moskaluk said the Cessna Citation private business aircraft was owned by Norjet, a Calgary-based firm, and had departed Kelowna International Airport en route to Springbank, outside of Calgary.
“I know that heavy rain was felt across the Okanagan Valley but difficult to say if that was an issue in this case,” Moskaluk said.
The Transportation Safety Board released a statement at the time also, saying that there were no emergency calls or signals from the high impact crash that scattered debris over a vast space.
READ MORE: FAMILY REACTS TO CRASH
RCMP, with the help of a police dog, were able to get to the scene just before midnight, and received assistance from local search and rescue volunteers.
“It's a complex scene right now and it will take some time for the investigation of the crash site to be completed,” Moskaluk said.
“The terrain is hilly and densely forested, but we were able to access the site from a nearby forest service road.”
The site of the crash was northeast of Winfield, about four kms north of Beaver Lake Road and about 18 kms north of Kelowna.
READ MORE: CALL MADE FOR RECORDING DEVICES
Kelowna RCMP and Lake Country RCMP detachments were alerted by the Surrey Air Traffic Control Centre that they had lost contact with a Citation jet shortly after its takeoff from Kelowna airport.
Also onboard that night were Sheldon Reid, a shareholder in Norjet, the owner of the Cessna Citation aircraft that crashed, and Jim Kruk, associated with the 83 ‘Lynx' air cadet squadron based out of Airdrie, a rural community north of Calgary, and Calgary optometrist Kenneth Gellatly, whose son was married to Prentice's daughter.
The men were flying home to Calgary from a late-season golf game in Kelowna when the crash occurred.
To report a typo, email:
newstips@kelownacapnews.com.
@KelownaNewsKat
kmichaels@kelownacapnews.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Lansing police are searching for two men who allegedly robbed someone at gunpoint.
It happened at the intersection of West Willow Street and Lemrork Court around 11:00 p.m. Sunday night.
No one was injured during the incident. Police have not released details about what the suspects took.
Boat covers play a really important part inside the protection of your boat. Buying a boat is actually a heavy investment, and it's also a very valuable asset if you prefer to spend a lot of time on the water. Consequently, your boat calls for full safety from dust, grime, dirt and airborne particles. Get a lot more information about Boat Canopy
A boat cover is definitely an vital accessory for all boats, and it has lots of makes use of. It keeps your boat clean and dirt no cost, and also keeps away dampness and mold. A boat cover saves your boat in the ultra-violet rays from the sun. These rays can be incredibly destructive and harmful for color of the boat. Ultra-violet rays in the sun could be the greatest result in of cracking and weakness of rubber on several components of the boat.
A compatible fitting boat cover can save your boat from animals, particularly nesting mammals, squirrels and rodents, which are continuously browsing for any location to hide. A fantastic boat cover is usually really beneficial and saves valuable money and time. A boat cover also saves your boat from scratches and also other marks, and can execute as an awesome restraint to theft.
There's a wide selection of boat covers available within the industry. Boat covers could be bought in a single of two strategies, custom cover and universal style. Each have positive aspects for the safety of your boat.
A custom cover comes with distinct types, length, width and beam that give an outer shell to your boat. The merits of this cover are straightforward, because it fits tightly and covers the complete region of one's boat. Typically, custom-fit boat covers are preferred over other covers. They could be a bit much more costly when compared with universal covers, but will probably be the very best collection of your choice.
As a rule, a boat cover comes with its warranty period. If a business doesn't supply a warranty, then it shows that the cover isn't of great quality. The fabrics utilised for boat covers are polyester, poly-cotton blend or polyester-canvas. All of those work well. Polyester is definitely the most well-known material since it does not stretch or shrink. However, poly-cotton blend is a mixture of two components, but cotton-canvas blend just isn't extremely very good because it can break down. Boat covers are available in quite a few distinctive colors – the choice of colour depends upon you. Just bear in mind that black covers can grow to be to bring about of harm of electronic components.
In conclusion, a boat cover is an significant accessory for any boat. It not just provides protection in the elements, but in addition assists to preserve the quality of your boat, as a result saving money and time.
The 2017-2018 NBA season will start a week earlier on October 17. The longer schedule is part of efforts to reduce travel stress and allow players to rest their bodies. Schedules where teams are forced to play 4 games in 5 nights have been completely taken out.
Advertisements
Another change we are going to see is the revamped All-Star Game. The two players who get the most votes from each conference will be captains and they can select their teammates regardless of conference. Five players from each conference, including the captains, will be selected by vote as starters while the remaining 14 reserves, seven from each team, will be picked each conference's head coaches. The game will also be played for charity which would make it more competitive. But more than these changes, we are also excited to see the following the story plots that will definitely grab headlines this season:
1) The Golden Dynasty – The Golden State Warriors are in Year 2 of their super team experiment. Kevin Durant took a huge annual pay cut, $9 million less to be exact, so that the team could re-sign key players Andre Iguodala and Shawn Livingston. Klay Thompson, Steph Curry, and Draymond Green are still under contract. As if they needed more outside range, the Warriors also signed shooters Omri Casspi and Nick Young. Make no mistake the Warriors are a much stronger team this year and are heavy favorites to win their 2nd straight NBA title.
2) Contenders – Several teams in the Western Conference added elite talent in the offseason with one thing in mind: Take down the Warriors. Oklahoma, surprisingly, was able to acquire star forwards Paul George and Carmelo Anthony to team up with MVP Russell Westbrook, Chris Paul joined James Harden in Houston while the lowly Minnesota Timberwolves brought in Jimmy Butler to join their young guns Andrew Wiggins and Karl Anthony-Towns. All of a sudden, the Warriors don't look as dominant as before.
3) The Battle of the East – The battle for supremacy in the Eastern Conference became more interesting when the Cleveland Cavaliers and the Boston Celtics traded point guards. Kyrie Irving is now ready to lead the new-look Celtics while Isaiah Thomas is still recuperating from a hip injury. However, LeBron James got more reinforcements in Jae Crowder, Derrick Rose, and Dywane Wade. The Celtics also acquired Gordon Hayward in the offseason. The gap between the two teams has never been closer and for the first time in seven years, we may see a no LeBron Finals.
4) Rookies – This is definitely one of the deepest rookie drafts in the past decade with several players potentially becoming franchise players. Markelle Fultz, Lonzo Ball, Jayson Tatum, Josh Jackson, and a host of other young players will soon make an impact with their respective teams. Yes the hype is real.
5) The Process – While they are not as popular as most teams after several years of “tanking” or deliberately losing to get high draft picks, the Philadelphia 76ers are about to turn the corner. 2016's No. 1 draft pick Ben Simmons will finally play after missing last season. Joel Embiid is back from an injury. This year's No.1 draft pick Markelle Fultz will lead the charge. The 76ers are loaded with young talent and they may just surprise everyone.
raffyrledesma@yahoo.com
A man allegedly attacked and a bit two PSNI officers after threatening to “eat” them, the High Court heard today.
Declan McNally is also accused of fracturing a policewoman's wrist and chewing an earpiece during a further violent outburst at Belfast's Royal Victoria Hospital last week.
The 32-year-old, of Lower Regent Street in the city, faces charges of inflicting grievous bodily harm, assault, disorderly behaviour, burglary and attempted criminal damage.
His application for bail was adjourned for more information to be provided on how to deal with alcohol-related issues.
McNally was arrested after his ex-partner reported that he had broken into her house in the Shankill area of Belfast on August 8.
Robin Steer, prosecuting, claimed the defendant emerged from the property and spat on two officers trying to detain him.
As they tried to turn his head to prevent any repeat he allegedly shouted: “I'll f****** eat you.”
At that point McNally grabbed a female officer and bit her inner forearm, according to Mr Steer.
The court heard he was transferred to the Royal after collapsing, unresponsive, in custody.
It was claimed that he lashed out at police and medical staff treating him in the hospital, kicking one officer and fracturing her wrist.
McNally then allegedly took a radio earpiece from another officer and started chewing it.
Mr Steer added: “As that officer tried to retrieve it he bit into his arm, causing the skin to break.”
Defence counsel Declan Quinn described it as “an alarming incident”, but said his client has no recollection of his alleged actions.
“When he was on the hospital trolley having a saline line inserted up his nose he came round and kicked off, to use the vernacular,” the barrister contended.
Mr Quinn told the court McNally has a long-term addiction to alcohol.
Adjourning the bail application, Mr Justice Treacy ordered a package of proposed measures to deal with the accused's underlying issues.
As some of you may know a really popular and also the only chat room that existed for cryptocurrency investment got taken down.
Contact
Robin
***@lastcrypto.com Robin
End
-- As some of you may know a really popular and also the only chat room that existed for cryptocurrency investment got taken down.If you don't know what I mean it's the Trollbox from the Poloniex Cryptocurrency Exchange.We think that it was quite a important thing to have a chat about investment and cryptocurrency and want to continue it with LastCrypto.comYou are able to talk to other investors about new Coins that are out there, high or downs.. when to sell or buy.We got live exchange rates which are updated every 10 seconds.We just launched today and because of that we have a Giveaway of 0.007 BTC on the top right of our Website. Just join our Community and join the GiveawayYou can just join the Chat Rooms which is talking about your favorite Coin!Bitcoin, Digibyte or Ethereum, even LiteCoin works for every currency. Get tips and tricks for your investment and trading.LastCrypto is the place to go for new Investors! and also the continuation of the Poloniex Trollbox!Visit us at https://lastcrypto.com/
ROME Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni will fly to Washington and Ottawa meet U.S. President Donald Trump and Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau in April, ahead of a Group of Seven summits in Italy the following month.
Gentiloni will meet Trump at the White House on April 20, and Trudeau the next day, a statement from the prime minister's office said.
The trip will allow Gentiloni to discuss the agenda of the annual Group of Seven meeting of major economies in Sicily on May 26-27, which will mark Trump's first visit to Europe since taking office.
(Reporting by Steve Scherer; Editing by Crispian Balmer)
New Data Shows Emotional Benefits of Flowers; Plumeria Botanical Boutique Encourages Busy Commuters to 'Petal It Forward'
Bohemian Bouquet, photo courtesy of Dave Melges
Contact
Plumeria Botanical Boutique
***@sbcglobal.net Plumeria Botanical Boutique
End
-- Plumeria Botanical Boutique will be hitting the streets of Battle Creek on, handing out hundreds of flowers to busy commuters to help brighten up their week, as part of the 'Petal it Forwards' program, in partnership with the Society of American Florists (SAF), of whichis a member. 'Petal It Forwards' is in response to the release of data by SAF showing the positive emotional benefits of flowers.University research reveals that flowers have an immediate impact on happiness and a long-term positive effect on moods. Now, a new survey has found that, when it comes to flowers, it's just as good to give as it is to receive. With this data in mind, the Petal It Forwards team is not only spreading happiness to luckyBattle Creekresidents who receive the flowers, but arming these recipients with the tools they need to Petal it Forward and spread happiness to others: An extra flower to share with a loved one, coworker or even a stranger."We see the positive impact day in and day out when we make our flower deliveries,"said Elisha Hodgeof. "People love to get flowers 'just because' so we wanted to create random smiles today, and give people a chance to do the same for someone else."A recent survey of 2,500 people throughout the U.S. by SAF illustrates the impact of flowers. The results reveal the many benefits of flowers, including their positive effects on one's emotions and happiness, and back up previous research studies on flowers conducted by Rutgers, Harvard and Texas A&M. (See www.aboutflowers.com/research more information on the university studies.)The following are highlights from SAF's survey results:88 percent of Americans report that giving flowers makes them feel wcj happy, while 80 percent reported that receiving flowers makes them feel happy.76 percent of Americans agree that having flowers in their home or office improves their mood.Women (92 percent) are more likely to agree with this, but the majority of men (three in four) also share this sentiment.Nearly four in 10 Americans indicate florists have helped them in a past or current relationship;most frequently to say "I love you," or schedule a surprise delivery."The impact of giving or receiving flowers is powerful and memorable," said. "It can turn an ordinary day into an extraordinary one."and the Petal It Forwards Team will give away hundreds of flowersto people on the street. After receiving their flowers, recipients are asked to spread the happiness by gifting their extra flower, and sharing their happiness on social media using #petalitforward.###Plumeria Botanical Boutique, https://www.plumeriami.com , is a flower shop located at 1364 W Michigan Ave in Battle Creek, MI. Plumeria is a full service florist with a wide variety of potted plants and gifts including local art and many Michigan made items. In addition, the shop carries wine and craft beer that are a perfect compliment to flowers and gift baskets. Plumeria Botanical Boutique was established in 2015.
Okay. I like it. Not as much as Deth Red Sabaoth, but I like it. Its much better than Skeletons but has a lot in common with it. The mix and production are really bad. The vocals are way up front and when I played the opening track and cranked it as the music was really good, then when the vocals came out I jumped out of my skin they were so ridiculously loud.
The music is dark, heavy and has that slow groove I love so much. There's some amazing guitar work on this one.The songs do their best to capture “classic” Danzig but the lyrics fall a little short. All and all its better than most of the crap that has been released so far this year. Unlike 2016, '17 is off to a slow start but with new releases from Cheap Trick, Prong and some expanded editions of 2 early releases from the Cars it looks to be a pretty rockin' summer.
Standout Tracks:
“Devil On Hwy 9” , “Last Ride” , and “The Witching Hour”
So if you're wondering, yeah, buy this one.
Live updates: State of emergency, three houses destroyed as Port Hills fire rages
Find the latest updates as soon as they come to hand in one place here, as 1 NEWS provides rolling updates of important information.
Sidney Lowry writes (‘Voters on both sides are ahead of the political parties, who are in a time warp' June 23): “The abortion vote in the Republic confirmed what we have known for some time, that the Roman Catholic church has lost its grip on Irish politics.”
I would see this differently.
In my view the overwhelming Irish vote in favour of abortion arises from the Irish Catholic hierarchy's, especially in Northern Ireland, ambivalent stance on abortion and also on homosexual practices.
For instance, in 2017, Mr Martin McGuinness, an active and senior member of Sinn Fein, an avowedly pro-abortion and pro-homosexual lifestyle party, was given a honourable public Catholic church funeral, including a Requiem Mass, in St Columba's Church in Derry/Londonderry.
To the best of my knowledge the late Mr McGuinness had never disassociated himself from Sinn Fein, or that organisation's aggressive pro-active stance on abortion and homosexual practices, even though they are unambiguously condemned as gravely evil in the Catechism of the Catholic church.
I am not aware that any member of the Irish Catholic hierarchy, or clergy, publically dissociated themselves from the public church funeral; the message, as I perceive it, is that the Catholic funeral gave to the Catholic people of Ireland, and the wider world, an impression that abortion and homosexual practices are of no importance in the real world, as far as Irish Catholicism goes.
Utterances offered by the Irish Catholic hierarchy on behalf of the unborn during the recent abortion referendum in Ireland, sounded hypocritical and hollow when voters remembered how the Catholic church had given a senior Sinn Fein activist, in an avowedly pro-abortion political party, an honourable public funeral and seemingly with no questions asked by Irish Catholic clergy about his, or his party's, stance on abortion and homosexual practices.
Micheal O'Cathail, Fermanagh
MIAMI-DADE COUNTY, Fla. - A second raccoon in Kendall have tested positive for rabies, prompting health officials to extend a rabies alert in the area.
The Florida Department of Health announced Wednesday that the rabies alert for the Kendall area will be extended for another 60 days.
A rabies alert was first issued in May.
The alert includes the following areas:
Southwest 152nd Street to the north
Southwest 187th Street to the south
Southwest 117th Avenue to the east
Southwest 137th Avenue to the west
The raccoon is the second to test positive for rabies in Miami-Dade County this year.
Health officials said they are working with the county to identify any individuals who might have been exposed to the rabid raccoon.
Copyright 2018 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
A push to establish the Communist Party in Chinese state enterprises is rolling through Hong Kong, raising corporate-governance concerns in one of the year's best-performing stock markets.
Source:: World News
March 28 Italian handbag and accessories maker Furla says:
* appoints former managing director Alberto Camerlengo as new CEO
* Former Chief Executive Eraldo Poletto left position at helm of the company in May last year to take up same job at luxury group Salvatore Ferragamo. (Reporting by Milan newsroom)
Government plans to lower the paid-up capital requirement for foreign retailers — to $200,000 from $2.5 million — have been criticized by the Philippine Chamber of Commerce and Industry (PCCI).
Advertisements
“The best is we stick to that [$ 2.5 million]. We need a baseline. The baseline is in both Europe and America. For small, it's $ 2.5 million and that is small already for them,” PCCI President George T. Barcelon said during a press conference for the upcoming 43rd Philippine Business Conference.
“[W]e do want to attract investments but let's be prudent in the sense that we need to attract legitimate companies with substantial capital to come in,” he added.
Socioeconomic Planning Secretary Ernesto Penia earlier this week said that that lowering the minimum capital for foreign retailers would attract investors and force domestic companies to become more competitive.
This would be done via changes to the Foreign Investment Negative List, which identifies economic activities that are closed to foreign investors or where restrictions have been set on foreign ownership by the 1987 Constitution or other laws.
A review of current list, which was released in 2015 by the previous administration, was implemented in May.
Philippine Exporters Confederation, Inc. President and PCCI Honorary Chairman Sergio R. Ortiz-Luis Jr. said the move would particularly affect the small and medium enterprises.
“The $ 200,000 entry from abroad … [will see]micro and small retailers … coming here and probably even borrow their money here and crowd out our SMEs,” Ortiz-Luis said.
“You [should instead]try to attract investors because of the investments they are bringing, the technology they are bringing,” he added.
“ What can you expect from these micro and medium enterprises in terms of technology and capital? … It's difficult enough that our SMEs have problems in their credit, have problems in their location.
NEW YORK: Wall Street stocks and the dollar offered a muted reaction Wednesday to the Federal Reserve's decision to hike interest rates and signal one more increase in 2017.
The Dow edged to a fresh record, while both the S&P 500 and Nasdaq finished lower. The dollar's losses against the euro moderated after the Fed's announcement, which was more hawkish than some analysts expected.
Overseas stock markets were mixed, with Frankfurt rising, but Tokyo, London and Paris all declining.
The Fed, as expected, raised benchmark interest rates, citing a better labor market and moderately improving economic activity. The US central bank also continues to project a third rate increase this year, essentially brushing aside weaker inflation and consumption data in recent weeks.
“The third rate hike in seven months, coming not long after a relatively poor Q1 GDP print, suggests the Fed has become fewer data dependent in its monetary policy decisions,” Fitch Ratings Chief Economist Brian Coulton said.
Joe Manimbo, senior market analyst at Western Union Business Solutions said while the Fed's “glass half-full assessment of the US economy” should support the dollar, he cautioned that “if the Fed's view should prove overly optimistic the dollar would be at risk of deepening its recent losses.”
The opposite movements of the Dow and Nasdaq suggested the market was resuming a rotation of investment away from high-flying tech stocks, a trend that first surfaced late last week. Shares of Apple, Google parent Alphabet and Microsoft all fell.
“On balance you got the continuation of technology stocks selling and the market accepting the Fed decision as consensus,” said Art Hogan, chief market strategist at Wunderlich Securities.
US oil prices plunged over three percent after the release of inventory data — a key signal regarding energy demand in the world's biggest economy — showed a smaller-than-expected drop in crude stocks, and a rise in gasoline.
Earlier on Wednesday the International Energy Agency said global oil output will expand faster than worldwide demand next year, primarily as US producers ramp up crude production, and that could hamper exporters' efforts to prop up prices.
The IEA's assessment came a day after OPEC complained that increased output in the US was slowing efforts to rebalance supply and demand in the oil market.
Key figures around 2100 GMT
New York – Dow: UP 0.2 percent at 21,374.56 (close)
New York – S&P 500: DOWN 0.1 percent at 2,437.92 (close)
New York – Nasdaq: DOWN 0.4 percent at 6,194.89 (close)
London – FTSE 100: DOWN 0.4 percent at 7,474.40 (close)
Paris – CAC 40: DOWN 0.4 percent at 5,243.29 (close)
Frankfurt – DAX 30: UP 0.3 percent at 12,805.95 (close)
EURO STOXX 50: DOWN 0.1 percent at 3,553.45
Tokyo – Nikkei 225: DOWN 0.1 percent at 19,883.52 (close)
Hong Kong – Hang Seng: UP 0.1 percent at 25,875.90 (close)
Shanghai – Composite: DOWN 0.7 percent at 3,130.67 (close)
Euro/dollar: UP at $1.1220 from $1.1206 at 2030 GMT
Pound/dollar: UP at $1.2758 from $1.2752
Dollar/yen: DOWN at 109.54 yen from 110.06 yen
Oil – West Texas Intermediate: DOWN $1.73 at $44.73 per barrel
Oil – Brent North Sea: DOWN $1.72 at $47.00 per barrel
AFP
AFP/CC
supersmile
Contact
Plenty Cart
***@plentycart.com Plenty Cart
End
-- Plenty Cart, one of the foremost online stores, caters to a huge customer base through beauty and health care products. The online platform continues to be one of the top-rated eCommerce stores, with well-maintained product catalogues for the ease of the buyers. People find a large collection of home and grocery products, electronics goods, nutrition and fitness accessories in the store.You can also buy supersmile toothpaste, one of the best medicated products for the teeth from the store. The toothpaste is effective in cleaning the gum line and polishing the teeth. Besides, it whitens the teeth, enhancing the facial beauty of the uses.The crystal collection toothbrush is known for its innovative design and it lives up to performance and aesthetic expectations of the users. One of the key features of the toothbrush is that the bristles are angled at 45 degrees. The ergonomic shape of the brush enables it to reach the most difficult areas of the mouth. The brushes are available in various colors, including orange, blue, green, pink and white.When you buy supersmile teeth whitening toothpaste along with the brush, the soft and polished rows of bristles deliver a seamless brushing experience. Apart from mediated toothpaste and matching brush, you can buy a wide variety of healthcare accessories in the store. These include health supplements, enzymes, vitamins, probiotics, weight-gaining food and first aid. Health and fitness enthusiasts will find all the necessary products on a single platform. Easy customization facilities and the availability of products across a wide price range make it easy to get the right product, according to the need.The beauty and skin-care products are compatible with all types of skin. The shoppers need to get them personalized. The range of these products varies from facial cream and scrub, toners, serums, face wipers, cleaners, oils, moisturizers, masks and treatment accessories. The website contains detailed product descriptions for all these goods. People seeking herbal wcj products will find their right choice on Plenty Cart. It offers a wide range of herbs and tea. You can also get herbal tea and a wide range of flavoured teas in the store. Customers can get immune support herbs, muscle growing herbs and various other types of herbs to enhance their health.Even when you buy supersmile toothpaste, you can see the ingredients. Besides, the eCommerce portal comes with all the features that leverage the shopping experience of the buyers. With clear product categories, it is easy to choose the healthcare accessory you are looking for.The seamless checkout process also adds to the popularity of the shopping portal. Customers have a number of options while making the payment. Besides, the interface of the website is appealing, which keeps the users engaged.Well, you may consider buying supersmile teeth whitening toothpaste from the website. It is a branded product that enhances the health of your teeth. The website brings a variety of products to the customers, most of which are necessary for daily use. Shoppers can enjoy an engaging purchase experience at the online store.For more info, visit https://www.plentycart.com
Get Aston Villa FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Steve Bruce handed on-loan Manchester United man Axel Tuanzebe his Aston Villa debut in today's 3-2 victory over Burton Albion.
A game against the Championship's basement boys appeared a walkover on paper but Burton refused to lie down and presented Villa with one of their toughest tests of this six-game winning run.
Scott Hogan, Albert Adomah and Jack Grealish ensured Tuanzebe's Villa bow ended in victory. Here's how his afternoon unfolded.
Where did he play?
Tuanzebe waited on the touchline for what seemed like an age after Stephen Clemence gave him the initial call to finish his warm-up in front of the Trinity Road Stand.
Despite arriving back and receiving instructions from goalkeeping coach Gary Walsh - who offers out set-piece advice amongst other things for substitutes - just past the hour, Tuanzebe didn't actually get on the field until 67 minutes had past. Tuanzebe replaced Robert Snodgrass with Ahmed Elmohamady shifting to right wing, allowing the 20-year-old to slot in at right-back.
How did he get on?
Tuanzebe looked relatively solid and ticks a lot of boxes. He certainly looks athletic and managed to handle the speedy Lloyd Dyer a little better than Elmohamady had done before his introduction.
He played a key role in Villa's third and decisive goal by galloping down the right and teeing up Elmohamady to cross for Grealish to volley home.
poll loading Where will Aston Villa finish in the Championship this season? 5000+ VOTES SO FAR Champions Runners-up Play offs 7-12 Bottom half
As you would expect from a player who has honed his skills at Carrington since his school days, Tuanzebe possesses plenty of poise and class on the ball. He kept things simple as Villa looked to hold onto their lead late on.
With this first taste of action in claret and blue out of the way, Tuanzebe will be looking to secure more first team minutes. Where those minutes will come isn't quite clear but Bruce has already admitted that Tuanzebe has joined Villa to play a leading role, not a supporting one.
What they said...
Assistant boss Colin Calderwood faced the media post-match and discussed Tuanzebe's debut.
“In a short period on the pitch he's obviously got a lot of learning to do with relationships within a back four and people in front of him," he said. "We've got about six, seven days before the next game at home and the experience of training together will help him.
“I think he's versatile. We've seen him play all across the back four and in centre midfield. I think that versatility is a terrific asset for us and for him at the minute.”
JACK'S INSPIRATION
That's for you, nan!
Jack Grealish's grandma was the inspiration for the Aston Villa star's first goal of the season.
Grealish scored Villa's final goal in the 3-2 Villa Park victory that keeps their Championship promotion charge rolling.
Having been booked (harshly) for an alleged dive in the penalty area, and clipped the crossbar with a curling shot, Grealish finally got the goal he deserved on 88 minutes.
The 22-year-old was in the right place at the right time to clinically volley home an Ahmed Elmohamady cross as Villa made hard work of seeing off the struggling Brewers.
Grealish has been in sparkling form recently, but the goal opened his account for the campaign and was his first since he scored on the final day of last season.
His dad Kevin predicted ahead of the match that Grealish would score because it was his nan's birthday - and Super Jack did not disappoint.
Kevin took to social media after the match to say
"Happy b'day, Maggie G. And a goal from. Jackie G. For you. Happy Birthday mom. Upthevilla."
The Grealishs had an executive box in the Trinity Road stand to mark the occasion and Grealish ran towards there to celebrate his goal.
MINI MATCH REPORT
Aston Villa continue to pile pressure on Derby County with a 3-2 victory over Burton Albion at Villa Park - but it was more tense than it needed to be.
Scott Hogan opened the scoring for Villa on 33 minutes, rounding off a flowing moved which included a delightful throughball from Robert Snodgrass.
Albert Adomah doubled the lead on 65 minutes when he squeezed in a header at the back post after Snodgrass floated a measured cross from the right.
The Brewers made the Villa Park faithful nervous by pulling one back through an Ahmed Elmohamady own goal on 71 minutes.
Moments earlier Jack Grealish was booked for an alleged dive when it looked like a penalty and the Brummie midfielder later hit the bar with a curling effort.
But Grealish got the goal he deserved in the 88th when he volleyed in emphatically after Elomhamady crossed from the right.
The scoring was not over yet as Brewers substitute Liam Boyce wriggled through to make it 3-2 in stoppage time.
Steve Bruce kept faith with the XI who started the midweek victory at Sheffield United and it paid off as Villa made it six wins on the spin for the first time since 1990.
Axel Tuanzebe was given his first run out as a Villa player with the Manhcester United loanee coming on as a substitute midway through the second-half.
The latest victory, in front of a crowd of 33,022 at Villa Park, leaves Villa in third, a point behind second-placed Derby.
As groups of friends and families flock to the nearest beach to bask in the beautiful weather we are having, we tend to forget about the poor craytors working around the clock cutting silage.
With some spending at least 100+ in tractors/fields in the sweltering heat, the job can somewhat take its toll.
But whatever the weather, 92-year-old farmer from Nebraska has found a way to make the task a hand a lot easier for himself.
Jim Schippert has designed and built a motorized lift to help him up into this cab during harvest season.
His proud grandson, Jimmy uploaded a video of the contraption in action earlier this month and so far, it's been watched over 360K times.
My grandpa, at age 92, has had some trouble getting on the combine the last few years. He came up with this solution that he designed and built himself. #Builttofarm pic.twitter.com/2OmchqdhjA — Jimmy Sindelar (@JimmySindelar) June 30, 2018
Share it:
Don't Miss
Terming the meeting as "political misadventure", Jaitley wanted Singh and the Congress to explain the context of attending the dinner hosted by suspended party leader Mani Shankar Aiyar for Pakistani diplomats.He said the main Opposition party is expected to follow the national policy, which states that terror and talks cannot go hand-in-hand."Is (the) main opposition party not part of the State?" he asked.Jaitley said that if anyone defies the national line, he should be prepared to answer questions."It is a political misadventure, it has a political cost," he said.Jaitley addressed a press conference hours after Singh asked the Prime Minister to apologise to the nation for setting a "dangerous precedent".He wanted the former prime minister to explain what transpired at the meeting and went on to defend his government's track record of fighting terror, saying no government in the past has a track record this government has in fighting terrorism.In response to Singh's demand for apology, Jaitley further said people who have violated the national policy of talks and terror not going hand in hand should apologise.Earlier on Monday, Manmohan Singh on Monday asked Narendra Modi to apologise to the nation for 'his ill-thought transgression' of accusing him and Congress party of conspiring with Pakistan for BJP's defeat in the Gujarat polls.Coming down heavily on Modi, Manmohan said he and his party need no sermons on nationalism by a prime minister "whose compromised track record on fighting terrorism is well known".Modi had claimed that some Pakistani officials and Manmohan Singh met at Congress leader Mani Shankar Aiyar's house over dinner on December 6. This was a day before Aiyar's "neech" jibe against Modi.Singh issued a statement on Monday, listing those who attended the dinner, and stressed that the election was not discussed during the meeting."I reject the innuendos and falsehoods as I did not discuss Gujarat elections with anyone else at the dinner hosted by Mani Shankar Aiyar as alleged by Modi," he said.I am deeply pained and anguished by the falsehood and canards being spread to score political points in a lost cause by none less than Prime Minister, Sh. Narendra Modi. Fearing imminent defeat in Gujarat, the desperation of Prime Minister to hurl every abuse and latch on to every straw is palpable. Sadly and regrettably, Sh. Modi is setting a dangerous precedent by his insatiable desire to tarnish every constitutional office including that of a former Prime Minister and Army Chief.The Congress party needs no sermons on nationalism from a party and Prime Minister, whose compromised track record on fighting terrorism is well known. Let me remind Sh. Narendra Modi that he had gone to Pakistan uninvited after the terrorist attacks in Udhampur and Gurdaspur. Let him also tell the country the reason for inviting the infamous ISI of Pakistan to our strategic Air Base in Pathankot to investigate a terror attack that emanated from Pakistan.My track record of public service to the country over last five decades is known to everyone. No one, including Sh. Modi, can lamely question it to gain lost political ground.I reject the innuendos and falsehoods as I did not discuss Gujarat election with anyone else at dinner hosted by Sri Mani Shankar Aiyar as alleged by Sh. Narendra Modi. Nor was the Gujarat issue raised by anyone else present at the dinner. The discussion was confined to India Pakistan relations. Names of the distinguished Indian public servants and journalists present at the dinner are enclosed to this statement. None of them could be accused of indulging in any Anti-National activities.I sincerely hope that Prime Minister will show the maturity and gravitas expected of the high office he holds instead of concentrating is energy solely on erroneously conceived brownie points. I sincerely hope that he will apologize to the nation for his ill-thought transgression to restore the dignity of the office he occupies.
Southern staff are set to strike over the introduction of driver-only operation next week.
The RMT union has fought rail operator Govia Thameslink Railway's plans to transfer their members from the role of conductors to on-board supervisors, where drivers would be responsible for opening and closing train doors.
Train drivers' union ASLEF has reached an agreement with GTR but talks between rail bosses and the RMT broke down yesterday (Tuesday February 14).
It has now announced a 24-hour strike on Wednesday February 22.
Mick Cash, RMT General Secretary, said: “The abject failure by Southern Rail in yesterday's talks to take the safety issues seriously has left us with no option but to confirm further action.
“These disputes could have been settled if Southern/GTR had listened to our case and given the guarantee of a second-safety critical member of staff on their trains.
“Instead they have shifted the goal posts even further and have now created a ‘strikebreakers' charter' where one of the numerous new conditions where trains can run driver-only is during industrial action.
“That is simply scandalous and a measure of the betrayal of our members as a result of the TUC-brokered deal with Southern in the drivers' dispute.
“The full detail of Southern's plan is far worse than anyone could have anticipated. This is dire news, not just for staff, but for passengers who rightly demand a safe, reliable and accessible service. “RMT will not walk away from the fight for a railway that puts public safety before private profit.
“It is now down to Southern/GTR to face up to their responsibilities and engage in genuine and serious talks that address our issues.”
In response Nick Brown, chief operating officer of GTR, Southern's parent, said: “We are disappointed that the RMT is going to heap yet further misery and disruption on the travelling public. We aim to run as full a service as we can.”
Yesterday Mr Brown said: “We came to today's meeting hopeful we could find a way forward to end the RMT's dispute and we're saddened it's ended so prematurely.
“The travelling public will find the union's obstinate refusal to engage in meaningful and constructive talks disappointing, disheartening and increasingly destructive.
“Over the past year the RMT has had 28 days of strikes on this one issue, we've seen in excess 20,000 trains cancelled as a result, thousands of journeys disrupted, people's work and family lives badly impacted and the cost to the regional economy is in excess of £300m.
“Conductors in the RMT union transferred to the new customer service role (On-Board Supervisor) from the beginning of last month and are now operating effectively in that role.
“Her Majesty's Chief Inspector of Rail - the highest industry authority in the land - also says that drivers in sole control of the train is a safe method of operation.
“So the conclusion that most reasonable people will reach is that the RMT is seeking to hang on to its power to cancel trains.
“We've fully implemented our modernisation programme with the driver opening and closing the doors and a second person focused on customer service on our trains. Everyone is sick and tired of the RMT's strikes and their pointless and intransigent stance needs to stop, and stop now.”
Don't miss out on all the latest breaking news where you live.
Here are four ways you can be sure you'll be amongst the first to know what's going on.
1) Make our website your homepage
2) Like our Facebook page
3) Follow us on Twitter
4) Register with us by clicking on ‘sign in' (top right corner). You can then receive our daily newsletter AND add your point of view to stories that you read here.
And do share with your family and friends - so they don't miss out!
Always the first with your local news.
Be part of it.
Stephanie Long, Cassius
After countless months of deliberation and five years of being a “loose natural”(i.e. one whose natural hair has been left in its loose state, free of permanent styling or chemical manipulation), I am finally transitioning into locs via permanent loc extensions.
Prior to writing this, I was asked by another CASSIUS editor if this is a decision I had been fearful of due to societal confines. Not quite. At this stage in my life, I regard my hair as my liberty and will do with it what I damn-well please (which is quite the gratifying form of resistance in this white, white world, if you ask me). But do I understand the weight of the question? Do I get why this would even be a matter to raise?
Absolutely.
Because it wasn't long ago that a Tallahassee teen was told by high school faculty her afro needed to be “fixed.” And it wasn't too long ago that two twin sisters were kicked off their sports team, barred from prom, and subjected to hours of detention for refusing to remove their braid extensions. In January, after swelling protest in 2014, the U.S. Army finally decided to permit locs to be worn, but only if they were “uniform,” “evenly spaced,” and didn't exceed a particular width. As reports show, there's an increasing amount of institutions implementing policies against locs, braids, twists—you name it—and affecting the lives of Black women on a pervasive level.
In 2016, after an Alabama Black woman refused to cut off her locs under the conditions of the insurance company at which she was employed, a federal appeals court deemed discrimination against traditionally Black hairstyles acceptable. Though the EEOC aptly argued the “prohibition of dreadlocks in the workplace constitutes race discrimination because dreadlocks are a manner of wearing the hair that is physiologically and culturally associated with people of African descent,” the 11th Circuit Court of Appeals did not agree.
“We recognize that the distinction between immutable and mutable characteristics of race can sometimes be a fine (and difficult) one, but it is a line that courts have drawn,” U.S. Circuit Judge Adalberto Jordan wrote in a ruling. “So, for example, discrimination on the basis of black hair texture (an immutable characteristic) is prohibited by Title VII, while adverse action on the basis of black hairstyle (a mutable choice) is not.”
Prof Angela Onwuachi-Willig is fighting to eliminate hairstyle policies that discriminate against Black women https://t.co/wAWBcFnH6n — UC Berkeley Law (@BerkeleyLawNews) August 8, 2017
Most recently, Berkeley Law professor Angela Onwuachi-Willig—a distinguished employment discrimination and family law scholar who's done years of grooming code policy research—responded to the ruling, stating:
“This decision portends continued difficulty for Black women who want to wear natural hairstyles in the workplace—and, by extension, schools—because it set forth faulty reasoning that other courts will likely rely on. The court actually asserts: ‘It may be that today ‘race' is recognized as a ‘social construct' … But our possible current reality does not tell us what the country's collective zeitgeist was when Congress enacted Title VII half a century ago.' It's a rather astounding statement because it rejects science, which makes it clear that race is a social construct.”
Alongside law school professors Trina Jones (Duke), Kimberly Norwood (Washington University-St. Louis), and Wendy Greene (Cumberland), Onwuachi-Willig is fighting against such injustice in an effort to rid of discriminatory policies once and for all. Together, the scholars co-drafted letters for which they've received signatures from over 120 scholars overseas and in the U.S. The letters were sent to the department of education and school board president for each state.
“The reasons most commonly provided [for such discrimination] are that such hairstyles are faddish, extreme, distracting, and unprofessional,” says Onwuachi-Willig. “What's troubling is that banning these hairstyles essentially tells Black girls and women—nearly all of whom have tightly coiled hair or coiled hair that grows into an Afro—that the hair they were born with is faddish, extreme, distracting, and unprofessional. It sets up a standard that appears neutral in its language but is actually racially discriminatory.”
Though I'm a Black woman at a Black company, which grants me the space to be Black (and by Black, I mean Black AF), the urgency of this topic is not lost on me. I can't imagine interviewing for a job for which I was fully competent, only to be rejected because of how I choose to style my hair. I should note that, prior to working in media full-time, I was employed at a popular retail company (which will not be named because that's neither here nor there) whose hiring department sought free expression in its applicants. Individualism need to apply. But the reality is: the rest of this nation's workforce wants to sterilize the f*ck out of Black women's self-expression and freedom, which is why what Onwuachi-Willig is doing is so important.
And I'm grateful. Grateful there are Black women taking this on for other Black women. Grateful there are folks, like me, shooting a middle finger to the cultural watch guards who police Black women—and in a society that blatantly makes bank off our culture while deliberately erasing our names, no less. I can only hope that, one day, this fight won't be necessary. Working at a company that embraces Black identity? Priceless.
How great would it be if the rest of America was the same?
SOURCE: WCTV, The Washington Post, Army Times, The Huffington Post, UC Berkeley
SEE ALSO:
Colorism, Sexism, Racism & The Politics Of Black Hair
Court Rules It's Okay To Discriminate Against Black Hairstyles
Design Offers Expanded Features, Broadens Social Media Access, & Modular-Specific Formats for All Insurance Solutions
Media Contact
Pat Dwight
949-454-6149
***@hqzexperts.com Pat Dwight949-454-6149
End
-- HQZ Experts is pleased to announce the launch of a newly-designed website for TelePay Insurance Agency. The new website offers insightful insurance industry practices along with changing trends and laws. Using the website, small and large companies can access individual and business insurance coverage for payroll, HR, Human Capital Management, and follow employee benefit solutions required by its customers through all stages of growth.The website collaboration also includes ongoing website enhancements, updates and maintenance of the TelePay Insurance affiliate company TelePayroll."Working with the TelePayroll and TelePay Insurance group on their websites has been a real pleasure," said HQZ Experts CEO Mike Dwight,. "Ensuring that our clients websites are pristine is essential in helping them achieve a strong and lasting presence in the marketplace. We collaborated with the TelePayroll Insurance marketing team and management team to ensure that their website would gain attention based on visuals, persuasive content, reliable SEO and compelling images or graphics with relevance and strong appeal," Dwight said."We assist our customers in finding the most cost-effective health plans that individually cater to employee needs and satisfies the insurance legal requirements as well," said Martin Gilberstadt II, Marketing and Business Development . "Our payroll service specializes in helping companies save time and money through outsourcing with us, Gilberstadt said. "Our new website does a super job of communicating who we are and how we provide value to our clients," Gilberstadt concluded.Los Alamitos-based Telepayroll, Inc. provides comprehensive payroll, Human Resources and employee benefits services to expanding large and small companies seeking cost-effective and reliable payroll and human capital management services. Family owned and operated since 1963, TelePayroll specializes in payroll, human resources, and employee benefits solutions that are scalable for businesses in Southern California and nationwide. For more information visit: http://www.telepayroll.com ., or call: 800-442-4988.Headquartered in southern Calif., HQZ Experts, Inc. is a website development and design company providing marketing and traditional advertising services. The firm offers website development, Internet marketing, e-commerce, SEO, and web performance reviews, Public Relations, copywriting, and newsletters/Blog-writing and design). For more information call (949) 454-6149, visit: http://www.hqzexperts.com
A fuel cell vehicle (FCV) is a type of electric vehicle that uses a fuel cell, instead of a battery, or in combination with a battery or super capacitor, to power its on-board electric motor. Generation of electricity to power the motor, fuel cell is used. Fuel cell generally use oxygen from the air and compressed hydrogen for its operation. As most fuel cell vehicles emit water and heat, these vehicles are classified as zero-emissions vehicles.
Emerging markets for automobiles are witnessing an increase in vehicle production, which in turn is boosting the demand for automotive fuel cell. The new emissions standards for passenger cars and commercial vehicles are majorly achieved by applying changes to the engine alone. Stringent norms imposed globally by regulatory bodies on carbon emissions of automotive are also anticipated to boost the demand for automotive fuel cell, which in turn controls the emission of toxic gases from vehicles. One approach to comply with the new emissions norms is to incorporate a proper substitution for the IC engine vehicles. Fuel cell vehicle is a better option as a substitute. High cost of the vehicle is a major disadvantage of the fuel cell market.
The fuel cell market for automotive can be segmented based on components, parts of fuel cell, electrolyte type, power output, vehicle type, and geography.
Based on components, the fuel cell market for automotive can be classified into fuel stack and two other segments. Fuel stack is utilized to store the fuel, which is responsible for the combustion and driving the vehicle.
In terms of fuel type used for the vehicle, the fuel cell market for automotive can be segmented into electrolyte and two other segments. These parts are equipped in manner that the transfer of electricity through these parts takes place.
Based on electrolyte type, the automotive fuel cell market can be classified as PAFC and one more segment. PAFC is Phosphoric Acid Fuel Cell. Phosphoric acid is used as electrolyte and the transfer of electricity takes place through anode and cathode.
Brochure For Recent Industry Insights https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=42410
Based on power output, the fuel cell market for automotive can be segregated into less than 100 kW and two more segments.
In terms of vehicle type, the fuel cell market for automotive can be classified into passenger vehicles (PVs) and commercial vehicles (CVs). The passenger vehicles segment can be furthered sub-segmented into hatchback cars, sedans, multi- purpose vehicles (MPVs), and sport utility vehicles (SUVs). The commercial vehicles segment can be further split into light-weight commercial vehicles (LCVs) and heavy commercial vehicles (HCVs).
In terms of geography, the fuel cell market can be segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East & Africa. Europe accounts for a major share of the global fuel cell market for automotive, owing to the high rate of vehicle production and adoption of automotive fuel cells in order to improve the declining environmental conditions, leading to an increased production of vehicles with automotive fuel cells, especially in China and India. Furthermore, environmental standards in Europe are more stringent than the other regions.
Download Table Of Content https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=T&rep_id=42410
Key players operating in the global fuel cell market for automotive include Ballard Power Systems (Canada), ITM Power (UK), Hydrogenics (Canada), Plug Power (US), and AFCC (Canada).
Facebook has launched a messaging app for kids, a move which will see the social media giant expand their user base to a whole previously under-age sector.
Currently, Facebook and its attendant Messenger app are only open to registrations from people aged 13 and over. However, the new move will open up use of the network to those under 13.
The company have pitched Messenger Kids as a way for children to communicate with family as well as friends, with parents getting complete control over what their offspring see.
The app must be set up by parents who then get the chance to approve what contacts their children have - allaying fears that youngsters might be chatting online with strangers.
The new program will also give Facebook the chance to enter into a consumer age range currently occupied by a small number of apps such as Snapchat.
The new app - currently a “preview” only available in the USA and on Apple's iOS - will allow the 6-12s to video chat and send photos, videos or text messages to friends approved by their parents.
“There's really a gap in the market for a messaging app for kids that also gives parents control,” Facebook spokeswoman Lauren Svensson said.
“We're going to see how kids are using it, and that will allow us to add updates in future versions as necessary.”
By DINA ARÉVALO
Port Isabel-South Padre Press
editor@portisabelsouthpadre.com
Revenues generated by the Cameron County Parks system, which include several popular beach accesses on South Padre Island, saw a dip in the last quarter of fiscal year 2017. The downturn was due in large part to Hurricane Harvey.
That was the news reported by Cameron County Parks Director Joe E. Vega during a report he gave to the Cameron County Commissioners' Court last Tuesday, Jan. 23. “For the fourth quarter FY2017 the entire Parks and Recreation Department experienced a total decrease of $98,616.53, which is a 3.5 percent decrease from the fourth quarter of FY2016,” Vega told the commissioners.
The parks director said Hurricane Harvey, which struck the Texas coast in Port Aransas and Houston in late August, was the primary reason for the economic downturn at beaches here in the Rio Grande Valley. “Guests left early from the park and many did not return,” he said, referring to the voluntary evacuation of many of the parks' RV guests as the slow-moving storm stewed in the Gulf of Mexico, which initially made forecasting its projected landfall difficult.
Want the whole story? Pick up a copy of the Port Isabel-South Padre Press, or subscribe to our E-Edition by clicking here.
Market Highlights:
Vertical farming can be explained as a concept or practice by which crops are grown inside a controlled environment. It is basically the method by which crops are grown without soil and water. Also, in vertical farming crops are stacked in layers. Vertical farming comes in different shapes and sizes and they use various mechanisms such as hydroponics, aeroponics, among others.
The reasons contributing to the growth of vertical farming market are better quality of food, increasing population, less dependency on water & soil and increasing demand for food. Also, adoption of new technologies, zero usage of pesticides & fertilizers and implementation of artificial lights are expected to boost the market over the forecast period. However, factors such as initial investments expensive in the urban locations, energy consumption of artificial lighting is more and production of high value crops are hindering the growth of the vertical farming market.
Geographically, North America accounted for the largest market share in the global vertical farming market, whereas Asia-Pacific is expected to grow at a fast pace over the forecast period, 2016-2022.
Request a Sample report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/2779
Key Players
Aerofarms (U.S.),
Hort Americas (U.S.),
Indoor Harvest Corporation (U.S.),
Illumitex, Inc. (U.S.),
Koninklijke Philips N.V. (Netherlands),
Everlight Electronics co.(Taiwan),
Sky Greens (Singapore),
Agrilution (Germany),
Urban Crop Solutions (Belgium) among others.
The Global Vertical Farming Market is expected to reach approximately USD 6 billion by the end of 2022 with 21% CAGR during forecast period 2016-2022.
Regional Analysis
Vertical Farming Global Market is expected to be dominated by North America with the largest market share due to increasing population, employment generation and adoption of new technological solutions in these regions, and therefore accounting for a huge economy by 2022. Vertical Farming Market in Asia-Pacific market is expected to grow at a considerable rate of CAGR. The Asia Pacific region includes Chin, India and Japan is expected to boost this region majorly due to urbanization, less of fertile land and more investments for developing vertical farming systems. Furthermore, the emergence of China as the major manufacturing hub is increasing the scope of Vertical Farming solutions in the region.
Segments:
For the purpose of this study, Market Research Future has segmented the market of vertical farming into component, type, crop type and region.
Component
Hardware
Software
Services
Type
Hydroponic
Aeroponic
Aquaponic
Crop Type
Broccoli
Spinach
Cucumbers
Tomatoes
Lettuce
Peppers
Strawberries
Others
Region
North-America
Europe
Asia-Pacific
RoW
Browse Complete Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/vertical-farming-market-2779
Intended Audience
Inside the impressive repair shop at the Paralympic Games PYEONGCHANG, South Korea — Away from the stadiums, it's the most hectic place at the Paralympic Games — a white warehouse on a corner of Pyeongchang's athletes' village, where a...
Pro surfing league tries to solve its butt problem Female surfers wearing high-cut bikini bottoms have been given reassurance their backsides won't be broadcast around the world. At least not close up. According to Stab Magazine, the World Surf...
Brain injuries haunt Patriots players from 3 Super Bowl teams: suit Forty-two players on the New England Patriots first three Super Bowl teams are part of a class-action lawsuit against the NFL and helmet maker Riddell alleging that they have symptoms...
Bandits ambush triathlete, nearly saw off his legs South African doctors were trying to save the legs of a top triathlete Wednesday after three men tried to chop his limbs off with a chainsaw. Mhlengi Gwala, 27, was...
Roger Bannister, first to run mile in under 4 minutes, dies at 88 LONDON — Roger Bannister, the first runner to break the 4-minute barrier in the mile, has died. He was 88. Bannister's family said in a statement that he died peacefully...
World's heaviest sumo wrestler weighs a quarter of a ton Sumo wrestling comes to Broadway this weekend as three world-class wrestlers hit the ring at PlayStation Theater in a centuries-old Japanese show of brute strength and litheness for Sumo +...
4 ex-football players charged in teammate's sex assault case BIXBY, Okla. — Four ex-football players at an Oklahoma high school were charged Thursday with the sexual assault of a teammate that prosecutors said wasn't promptly reported. Special prosecutor Matt...
Todd Gurley flaunts NFL skills in Mexico “He was hanging at the pool with friends” and when some kids began throwing a football, he joined in.
Olympic bobsledders, snowboarders are crushing it on Tinder PYEONGCHANG – The most popular athletes on Tinder at the Olympics in Pyeongchang are male bobsledders and female snowboarders, the dating app said on Wednesday. Tinder, the dating app owned...
Thanks for signing up. You must confirm your email address before we can send you. Please check your email and follow the instructions.
"It's a new season, a new year. What happened last year is in the past," insisted Robert Lewandowski ahead of Wednesday's semifinal showdown in Munich. "It's not on our minds," he added of last year's defeat, defiantly. It was almost believable, too.
Champions League semifinals don't come much bigger than this. Bayern Munich and Real Madrid have hoisted this trophy a combined 17 times, reached the final on 25 occasions and know the winner of this encounter will be considered the favorite in the final, regardless of the opposition.
Heynckes said he was 'very optimistic' about the clash, saying that 'willpower can move mountains'
Read more: Jürgen Klopp hopes Anfield roar helps Liverpool revive past glories against Roma
The reappointment of coach Jupp Heynckes at Bayern has inspired an unexpected bid for a second treble in the club's history, while Real are looking to with the title for a third successive season, an unprecedented feat in the Champions League era. For both, the prospect of champagne-soaked celebrations lies tantalizingly within reach. For one team, however, the events of last season's quarterfinal loom just as large.
Going out in the latter stages of the Champions League is never a good feeling, one imagines, but last season's exit rankled Bayern's fans more than usual. Two red cards and two goals from offside positions played their parts as Bayern were swept aside by a rampant Cristiano Ronaldo over two legs. Ever the pantomime villain, the Portugese shrugged off protests as his second-leg hat-trick buried Carlo Ancelotti's team. It was Real's sixth successive victory against the Bavarians. Revenge is very much in demand in Munich.
Ronaldo celebrates scoring against Bayern in last year's quarterfinal
The stage is set for a thrilling encounter, with both sides close to full strength. Manuel Neuer's lengthy absence aside, only Arturo Vidal is missing from Bavaria's first choice XI. Fans may even be furtively relieved to see him sidelined with a knee injury, such is his propensity to get sent off on these occasions. It was his dismissal, late in the quarterfinal second-leg last season, that opened the gates to an extra-time goal flurry that sent Real through to the last four.
Real, meanwhile, are fit and firing to a man. Zinedine Zidane, who was still yet to take on his first senior coaching role when Heynckes stepped down as Bayern coach after winning this competion in 2013, can call on a complete squad after Gareth Bale's return to action this earlier month. Such is the talent at his disposal, the Wales international is likely to miss out, with Isco in tantilizing form for Los Blancos.
James Rodriguez, an unused substitute for Real Madrid that night, will be planning his own revenge. Deemed surplus to requiremenets at the Santiago Bernabeu, the Colombian is on loan at Bavaria and will be keen to show why he deserved more opportunities in Spain. He's flourished in Germany, adding goals and creativity to Bayern's midfield on their march to a sixth successive title.
James Rodriguez has been key to Bayern's title winning season
Key to stopping Real, of course, will be whether or not Bavaria's defense can shackle Ronaldo. The forward may have turned 33 this year, but his record in this competition speaks for itself. He remains the competition's all-time leading scorer with 121 goals from 156 appearances. He'll get chances, but if Sven Ulreich can keep him out, Bayern will fancy their chances of reaching a first final since that fond farewell with Heynckes five years ago.
It's safe to assume football fans in Turin, 600 kilometers away, will be rooting for a home victory when the teams walk out at the Allianz Arena on Wednesday night. Real's 4-3 aggregate victory over Juventus in the quarterfinal was settled thanks to a late, highly contentious penalty decision.
It's too late for Juventus, but, for Bavaria, the time to lay the past to rest and take a huge step towards another historic treble is upon them. As well as a ticket to the final, Real revenge is up for grabs en route.
Caleb Hutchinson recent winner of Georgia Country Teen Talent Search will open on Sept. 14
Spread the Word
Listed Under Tags:
* Milltownmusichall
* Jimmyfortune
* Tgrahambrown Industry:
* Music Location:
* Bremen - Georgia - US
Contact
CO&P Integrated Marketing
***@co-p.com CO&P Integrated Marketing
End
-- Mill Town Music Hall is proud to welcome back CMA Award winner and GRAMMY nominee T. Graham Brown and Statler Brothers' legendary singer and songwriter Jimmy Fortune on Thursday, September 14 at 7:30pm EST. Local musician Caleb Hutchinson, who recently won the Georgia Teen Talent Search, will open the show with his soulful country voice. Mill Town Music Hall focuses on family-friendly music and events and is located conveniently off I-20 in Bremen (1031 Alabama Avenue).A native to Georgia, Brown began his music career at the University of Georgia where he was exposed to multiple genres of music. He quickly found work singing song demos and commercial jingles for major corporations including McDonald's, Disneyland and was the singing narrator for Taco Bell's 'Run for the Border' television spots. Brown's title track "I Wish That I Could Hurt That Way Again" became a Top 10 hit and "Hell or High Water" and "Don't Go to Strangers" made it all the way to Number One on the charts. He wrote the multiple award winning song "Wine Into Water" that has been recorded by numerous artists, including Loretta Lynn.Fortune began his career in 1982 with the Statler Brothers. He wrote the group's second Number One hit, "Elizabeth,"a song he later performed to Elizabeth Taylor at one of her birthday celebrations. He proceeded with two more Number One hits, "My Only Love" and "Too Much on My Heart," and has had the rare opportunity to perform twice at the White House. Fortune started a solo career after the band's retirement in 2002. His first solo album wasand he has since released five other solo albums.Tickets for T. Graham and Jimmy are $38 for Premium Reserved seats and $33 for Reserved seats in advance. Fans are encouraged to purchase tickets through Ticket Alternative at 1-877-725-8849, online at the Mill Town Music Hall website (www.MillTownMusicHall.com)or the Mill Town Music Hall box office. For additional information, please call the Mill Town Music Hall box office at 770-537-6455.Upcoming events at Mill Town Music Hall include Collin Raye, Sept. 21; Classic Nashville Roadshow, Oct. 5; Rhonda Vincent and Daryle Singletary Oct. 19 and The SteelDrivers, Nov. 10. For more information about Mill Town Music Hall or an upcoming calendar of events, please visit us at www.MillTownMusicHall.com , follow us on Twitter @Mill_Town_Music_Hall or on Facebook.Mill Town Music Hall can comfortably seat more than 1,000 people and features state-of-the-art audio, video and lighting systems. The venue hosts numerous Country, Contemporary Christian, Bluegrass and Southern Gospel concerts, along with other family-friendly events. The facility can also be rented for corporate events and private receptions.
By Louisa Loveluck
Airstrikes by a US-led coalition have caused a "staggering" loss of civilian life in recent months around the Isis Syrian stronghold of Raqqa, a United Nations investigative body said.
A US-backed ground force entered the city with the help of coalition air raids last week, three years after the area became a hub from which Islamic State leaders planned expansion throughout the region and attacks around the world.
Paulo Sérgio Pinheiro, chairman of the UN Independent International Commission of Inquiry on Syria, said that coalition airstrikes have deepened the suffering in the city held by extremist fighters.
Advertisement
"We note in particular that the intensification of airstrikes, which have paved the ground for an SDF advance in Raqqa, has resulted not only in staggering loss of civilian life, but has also led to 160,000 civilians fleeing their homes and becoming internally displaced," Pinheiro told the UN Human Rights Council in Geneva. He referred to the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), a US-backed militia dominated by Syrian Kurds.
The commission recorded 300 civilian deaths from coalition airstrikes in Raqqa province between March 1 and May 31, according to Karen AbuZayd, an investigator for the Commission of Inquiry on Syria.
Human rights and monitoring groups have warned for months of the rising human cost of the coalition's air war in Syria and Iraq as Isis stake out positions in densely populated civilian areas across what remains of the group's self-proclaimed caliphate.
On March 22, the UN commission recorded 200 civilian deaths at an old school building in the village of Mansoura that was sheltering displaced families from across the province.
"These figures have been corroborated by multiple witnesses," AbuZayd said.
The US military said at the time that it was aware of the reports and was opening an investigation.
The activist group Raqqa is Being Slaughtered Silently, which monitors violence in the province, provided the Washington Post with the names of 40 people who it said were killed at the school in Mansoura.
A representative from the group said the bodies of dozens more people without identification cards were believed to have been buried in mass graves.
The UN refugee agency made a public plea this week for better access to the province, where tens of thousands of civilians need assistance amid the fighting.
The US-led coalition includes military personnel from dozens of countries, among them Britain, France and Australia. According to its latest report, at least 484 civilians have been unintentionally killed by coalition airstrikes since June 2014.
But the Britain-based tracking group Airwars puts that figure eight times higher, claiming that more than 3800 people were killed in that period.
Although the nonprofit group previously tracked casualties from both US-led and Russian strikes, it said it now is concentrating resources on claims relating to the US-led coalition to keep up with their pace.
Fatalities from coalition bombing raids now outstrip those caused by Moscow's warplanes, according to Airwars.
The US military said that it has added five full-time members to a team that monitors civilian casualty claims. The team previously consisted of two full-time and two part-time personnel.
Army Colonel Ryan Dillon said that aviation, intelligence and legal experts were added to help boost the team's response time on civilian casualty reports.
At the UN Human Rights Council today, Pinheiro warned that the fight against Isis forces must not be undertaken at the "expense of civilians who unwittingly find themselves living in areas" where the group is present.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ant McPartlin has been released under investigation following his arrest on suspicion of drink driving on Sunday.
The TV presenter, 42, was involved in a collision with two other cars while he was driving his Mini in Richmond, West London and was arrested at around 4pm after failing a roadside breathalyser test.
A Metropolitan Police spokeswoman said that he was "taken to a south London police station for questioning and has since been released under investigation."
Inquiries continue, the spokeswoman added.
So what does this mean for ITV1's Saturday Night Takeaway?
Ant and Dec are supposed to be filming the finale to the fifth season in Universal Orlando Resort in Florida on Saturday April 7, but strict rules around the issuing of visas mean Ant could be prevented from entering the USA
The beloved entertainment duo were scheduled to film the fifth season finale live in, the Mirror reports .
He and Declan Donnelly are due to take 200 fans on a specially chartered Virgin Atlantic flight to Florida, where the lucky competition winners will spend seven days experiencing the marvels of the theme park resort.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
SNT's executive producer Pete Ogden recently boasted that this year's season finale would be bigger and better than ever, telling Radio Times : "We're going to do our biggest audience giveaway ever.
"We are doing our finale from another really exciting place and we're going to be taking more audience than ever," he went on.
"It really is [difficult to top last year] but I think we have, if I'm honest. Disneyworld [the location of 2017's series finale] were so incredible and it was a British television first – it was challenging and massive and exciting."
Pete added: "There are an army of people behind the scenes that have to go and find the passports, we have to apply for the winners' ESTAs, which is like a mini visa – and some of them only win two or three days before we fly, so there is literally an army of people going, 'Passports, tickets, money!'"
But Ant's arrest means he might not even be allowed to join his colleagues as they celebrate wrapping the 2018 series.
Usually British citizens can apply for the Visa Waiver ESTA (electronic system for travel authorisation) in order to travel to the States for business or leisure.
But anyone who has been arrested - even if they weren't charged, or went to court and got acquitted - is advised not to apply for a visa waiver as they may be stopped at the border and sent back to the UK.
Traffic offences are dealt with slightly differently, in that people who commit minor offences that do not result in an arrest or conviction can still travel visa-free under the waiver programme.
Police previously confirmed that a number of individuals were treated at the scene for minor injuries, and a child passenger from one of the cars was taken to hospital to be checked as a precaution.
This is the latest in a string of personal setbacks for the star, who works as Ant and Dec with Declan Donnelly.
McPartlin entered rehab last year after struggling with an addiction to painkillers following a knee operation in 2015.
He returned to screens in November for I'm A Celebrity ... Get Me Out Of Here! and jokingly mentioned his rehab stint along with his TV partner.
In January, McPartlin confirmed that he and his wife Lisa were separating after 11 years of marriage.
At the National Television Awards a few days after the split, McPartlin referred to his "tough year" while picking up the presenting prize with Donnelly.
Following McPartlin's arrest, fans have questioned whether his weekly programme, Ant and Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway, will air as normal this weekend.
ITV has yet to comment on the programme, which is scheduled to air live on Saturday at 7pm.
Australia's former deputy Prime Minister Barnaby Joyce has sent a less than veiled message to Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern about Manus Island: "Stay away from another country's business."
He hinted that what the Australian Government sees as interference in domestic policy could come back to bite her in kind.
He did not mention Ardern by name when speaking on Newstalk ZB tonight, but his comments were clearly directed at her repeated offers for New Zealand's to take up to 150 refugees from Australia's offshore processing centres in Papua New Guinea and Nauru.
Former Australian Deputy Prime Minister Barnaby Joyce. Photo / AAP
She also announced last month New Zealand would give $3 million to help with the refugees, which is understood to have offended the Australia Government.
Advertisement
Joyce said that Australia had a tough policy on boat arrivals to stop the thousands of arrivals and over 1000 drownings of people.
"That can't go on and it did stop and that's precisely what we wanted," Barnaby Joyce told Larry Williams.
Asked if New Zealand should back off, he said: "I think it's best if you stay away from another country's business. I find that's because others will return the favour at a time that is opportune to them."
"Let's respect countries'' sovereignty and let the sort out their own issues," he said.
"And if you are going to talk to them at all, talk to them quietly and discreetly, off the record, not via telephone, not via TV."
Joyce also spoke about the citizenship furore that forced him to resign from Parliament after discovering he was a New Zealand citizen.
He has since given up that citizenship and won a byelection to return to Parliament with an increased majority.
Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern. Photo / Mark Mitchell
Australia's Constitution bars dual citizens from holding office but this year a glut of MPs has had to resign after discovering they were citizens of other countries, often without realising it.
Joyce said the revelation he had New Zealand citizenship because his father was from New Zealand had caught him off guard.
He also referred to a staffer in Labor MP Penny Wong's office contacting Labour MP Chris Hipkins in the lead-up to that discovery, saying "during that time they were digging round to try and make sure they could get me booted out."
Asked if he believed there was collusion, he said it had been confirmed the two had talked and now Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern had "chipped" [reprimanded] those involved over it: "so what other evidence do you need?"
Hipkins has maintained he did not know Joyce was the subject of his discussion with Wong's staffer Marcus Ganley but it did prompt him to lodge parliamentary questions asking about the citizenship status of a person born to a New Zealand father.
Those questions combined with media questions to New Zealand officials prompted officials to look into Joyce's citizenship and advise him he was a citizen.
Then freshly elected as Labour leader, Ardern reprimanded Hipkins for his involvement, saying it was inappropriate to get involved in the matter and she had not known about it – but it earned a rebuke from Australia's Foreign Minister Julie Bishop who had said she would find it hard to trust a Labour Government in New Zealand if they won the election.
Bishop has not apologised, but has since said she accepted Ardern's statement that she had not known, and that it was inappropriate.
Joyce has given up his New Zealand citizenship and won the byelection for his Tamworth seat to get back into Australia's Federal Parliament with an increased majority.
He said the section of the Constitution which required MPs to only hold Australian citizenship should be amended but that would require a referendum. "It's not an easy task but overwhelmingly people think this is absurd."
He said his father had come out of New Zealand in 1947 after World War II and the law had been changed in 1949 "so unbeknownst to him he was a New Zealand citizen between 1949 and 1978 and during that time I was born."
Joyce laughed when told he had been nominated for New Zealander of the Year, saying "a lot of people had a lot of fun at my expense."
"New Zealand is a great country and I'm very proud my grandfather was a Lieutenant Colonel in the Anzacs there for New Zealand."
BEIRUT (AP) — Turkey's seizure of the town of Afrin in northern Syria is a significant military achievement for Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan that gives him control over a large chunk of Syrian territory but also entrenches his troops as an occupying force in a crowded terrain packed with adversaries.
Ignoring criticism by the United States and Europe of his eight-week military offensive, Turkish forces and allied Syrian militiamen swept into Afrin on Sunday, marching victoriously into the town's center and shooting in the air in celebration.
And it doesn't stop there, Erdoğan says.
Emboldened, he vowed on Monday to expand military operations into other Kurdish-held areas in Syria and even into neighboring Iraq — a move that would potentially put his troops in direct confrontation with U.S. troops stationed nearby.
Advertisement
The main Kurdish militia, acknowledging defeat in Afrin, has vowed to turn to guerrilla warfare to confront Turkish troops.
Here's a look at Turkey's seizure of Afrin, and what lies ahead:
___
WHAT DOES Erdoğan REALLY WANT?
At this point, that question is anyone's guess. Turkey has long backed rebels fighting to oust President Bashar Assad from power, opening its borders to foreign fighters to join the war in Syria.
But the war has greatly empowered Erdoğan's No. 1 enemy, the Kurds, whose rag-tag fighters Turkey considers to be "terrorists" and an extension of its own Kurdish insurgency. In the chaos of war, the Kurdish fighters have partnered with the United States to fight the Islamic State group and carved out a huge autonomous region along the border with Turkey, amounting to a quarter of Syria's entire territory.
That has led Ankara to recalibrate its focus toward halting Kurdish expansionism.
Erdoğan, who first launched military operations in Syria in 2016, has repeatedly said Turkey will not allow a "terror corridor" along its border and has vowed to push eastward in Syria after Afrin, to prevent the Kurdish militia from linking up territories it controls in eastern and western Syria. Turkey is home to some 3 million Syrian refugees, and Turkey has also said Afrin could be a place where those refugees would return to.
Afrin, a separate Kurkish-run canton cut off from the rest of Kurdish-held territory by a Turkish-held enclave, was an easy target.
But by pushing eastward as he is threatening to do, Erdoğan risks overplaying his hand and getting bogged down in a fight bigger than Turkey can handle.
___
WHAT DOES IT MEAN FOR THE KURDS?
It's a huge setback. Until a few months ago, Syria's long-marginalized Kurds were described as the biggest winners in Syria's civil war. They bragged of being the main ground force that ousted the Islamic State group out of its strongholds in Syria, including Raqqa, the extremist group's de facto capital.
But the Kurds' dream of self-rule is looking increasingly fragile. They have been historically used and cast aside, and may once again become the losers in the big powers' play over influence in Syria.
The Turkish offensive on Afrin, which began Jan. 20, has put the U.S. in a tough spot, juggling between the interests of the Kurds, its only ally in war-torn Syria, and its relations with Turkey, a key NATO ally. It did not move a finger to help the Kurds fight for Afrin.
The Kurds vowed to defend the enclave until the end, describing it as an existential fight to preserve their territory. They relocated hundreds of fighters from front lines with the Islamic State group to bolster the defense of Afrin.
In the end, they were no match for Turkey's NATO army's overwhelming firepower.
The Kurds lost more than 800 fighters in the 58 days of fighting for Afrin. An estimated 500 civilians were killed, and tens of thousands of Afrin residents streamed out of the town before the Turkish troops entered.
The Kurdish fighters also withdrew, ostensibly, to spare the remaining civilians.
___
WHAT HAPPENS NEXT?
A lot hinges on whether Erdoğan goes ahead with his threat to expand military operations eastward, toward the town of Manbij and other areas east of the Euphrates River controlled by U.S.-backed Syrian Kurdish forces, and where U.S. bases are also housed.
While the U.S. was able to distance itself from the fighting in Afrin, it can't sit by silently if Turkey expands the fight to Manbij. Kurdish guerrilla-type attacks against Turkey and its Syrian allies could also jeopardize the U.S.-led mission to stabilize areas that have been captured from IS.
President Bashar Assad's response is also an open question. His forces are now preoccupied with recapturing eastern Ghouta, near Damascus, and other areas deemed more essential. But he has condemned Turkish "occupation" of parts of northern Syria and vowed to eventually recapture the region.
Another major question is whether the takeover would lead to ethnic cleansing of the Kurdish majority there. Images that emerged Sunday following Afrin's takeover bode ill for the future of the ethnically-mixed region. Afrin residents reported widespread looting and pillaging soon after Turkish troops and allied Syrian fighters marched into the town center Sunday.
Turkey, along with its Syrian allies, already controls large chunks of territory east of Afrin. But its presence there was more accepted than in Afrin because it chased IS militants from those areas.
Some 200,000 people fled Afrin over the past few days, and whether they will be permitted to return remains an open question.
According to a report, US President Donald Trump asked aides last year if he could invade Venezuela. Picture: Getty Images/AP
According to a report, US President Donald Trump asked aides last year if he could invade Venezuela. Picture: Getty Images/AP
US PRESIDENT Donald Trump pressed his top military aides about whether he could invade Venezuela during an Oval Office discussion last year.
His inquiry came during a discussion about imposing sanctions on the South American country as it was roiled by political and economic crises, according to a report on Wednesday.
​According to the New York Post, the suggestion stunned the aides, including Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and national security adviser H.R. McMaster - both of whom are no longer with the Trump administration - and sparked a heated debate for about five minutes last August, the Associated Press reported.
Donald Trump asked his military advisers about invading Trump asked about invading Venezuela. Picture: AP
​
General McMaster was among the advisers who explained that any military action could backfire and threaten the support the US built up with other Latin American governments to punish President Nicolas Maduro for jailing opponents and consolidating power in an effort to establish a dictatorship.
Despite the arguments against, Mr Trump persisted and brought up the successful use of the US military to invade Panama and Grenada in the 1980s.
Although the US President gave no indication he was about to call up the military, the idea appeared to remain in his head.
The next day, on August 11, Mr Trump floated the idea that he would use a "military option" to solve the escalating unrest in Venezuela that threatened security in the area.
"We are all over the world and we have troops all over the world in places that are very, very far away," the president said. "Venezuela is not very far away and the people are suffering, and they are dying. We have many options for Venezuela, including a possible military option if necessary."
Mr Trump also mentioned the proposal with Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos, the AP reported, and in September spoke to leaders of four Latin American countries at the United Nations General Assembly about it.
Eventually, Gen. McMaster was able to persuade Mr Trump of how dangerous an invasion would be.
​The White House declined comment, the AP reported, but a spokesman for the National Security Council said the US will consider all options to restore Venezuela's democracy.
The US, Canada and the European Union have slapped sanctions on Maduro and dozens of Venezuela officials over allegations of corruption, drug trafficking and human rights abuses.
This article first appeared in the New York Post and is republished with permission.
Rossett Acre School is one of the first schools in the UK to have been selected to take part in the international Girls4Tech initiative from Mastercard company Vocalink.
The Girls4Tech curriculum gives students an exclusive opportunity to see what happens behind the scenes at one of the largest companies in the world.
The course brings the four STEM subject areas to life through two hours of hands-on activities that draw on the fast evolving, world of payments technology including fraud detection, biometrics, data analysis and the importance of algorithms and encryption.
Kirsty Owen, an employee from Vocalink said: “Our aim was to spark curiosity among the students about the huge range of exciting career opportunities available today made possible by the advances in payments technology.”
She added: “From detective work in the area of fraud detection to biometrics and security, the Girls4Tech programme is designed to show students that it takes all kinds of interests and skills to fulfil a modern-day career, and especially in today's digital world where payments technology is a dynamic, vibrant and exciting area of global business.”
The Girls4Tech initiative united about 20 of Vocalink's employee volunteers with Rossett Acre School students for an afternoon.
The curriculum included three exciting and engaging modules that showcased the career opportunities that exist in the world of payments technology through real examples and hands-on training.
JERUSALEM (AP) — With a cease-fired declared Wednesday, Israel and Hamas appear to have pulled back from a fourth war after a day of intense rocket fire and airstrikes. But the situation could explode at any moment.
Tuesday's fighting was the heaviest since a 2014 war, with Palestinian militants firing scores of rockets and mortars into Israel, and Israel carrying out dozens of airstrikes in Gaza.
Both sides appeared to have accomplished some short-term goals. But the underlying issues that helped fuel the fighting remain in place.
Hamas, weakened by a decade-long blockade of Gaza, remains defiant and in distress. A confident Israel appears unrestrained by the United States or its Middle Eastern neighbors. Palestinian militants still have an arsenal of rockets and could potentially inflict damage or casualties in Israel, followed by Israeli retaliation.
Advertisement
Here's a look at the current state of play and potential for escalation.
___
HOW DID WE GET HERE?
Eleven years after seizing control of Gaza from Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas, Hamas is in trouble.
Gaza's economy has been battered by an Israeli-Egyptian blockade, imposed to prevent the group from arming. Three wars with Israel have brought widespread destruction, and the Islamic militant group has no close international allies to bail it out.
Frustrated with his inability to regain control of Gaza, Abbas has stepped up economic pressure on Hamas by cutting the electricity supply and reducing the salaries to tens of thousands of former civil servants in Gaza.
Running out of options and rejecting calls to disarm, Hamas has led a series of weekly mass protests along the Israeli border during the past two months to draw attention to Gaza's poor conditions and pressure Israel to ease the blockade.
Israel has fired live bullets and tear gas to break up the protests and prevent a mass breach of the border fence, killing over 110 Palestinians, the vast majority unarmed. Some of the Palestinian protesters hurled fire bombs, burned tires or tried to breach the fence, undermining Hamas' claims that the protests were entirely peaceful.
Israel says Hamas is responsible for the bloodshed, and accuses the group of using the demonstrations as a cover for attacks.
Still, Israel has come under heavy international criticism for its use of deadly force. But the protests have not succeeded in easing the blockade.
____
HOW DID THINGS ESCALATE?
Earlier this week, Israel carried out a pair of deadly strikes on military posts belonging to Hamas and the smaller Islamic Jihad militant group, contending militants planted explosives and tried to break through the border to carry out an attack. Four militants were killed.
Early Tuesday, Islamic Jihad retaliated by firing a barrage of mortar fire into southern Israel near the Gaza border. Hamas later fired rockets for the first time since the 2014 war ended with an informal cease-fire.
The cross-border exchange lasted throughout the night, but both sides showed restraint. Israel targeted empty Palestinian military training and weapons sites, while the militants avoided use of powerful longer-range rockets capable of striking deeper into Israel. Both were signs that neither side wants to go to war.
___
WHAT DID EACH SIDE ACCOMPLISH?
The Palestinian militants, who accuse Israel of violating the terms of the 2014 cease-fire by targeting their military observation posts, believe they sent a powerful reminder that they still possess arsenals capable of disrupting the lives of hundreds of thousands of Israelis on the other side of the border.
"Israel used to initiate the strikes and end them unilaterally and impose new rules," said Adnan Abu Amer, an independent analyst in Gaza. "This time the resistance took the initiative. ... The resistance came out from this round in a superior position."
From Israel's perspective, the military delivered a measured, but powerful response that made Hamas realize quickly that fighting is not in its interest. Israel did not signal that it is willing to ease the blockade.
___
WHERE DO WE GO FROM HERE?
While Israel's military and the Palestinian militant groups flexed their muscles, little was resolved.
Any time Hamas or Islamic Jihad resort to firing rockets, they risk triggering a fierce Israeli response, especially if there are serious casualties on the Israeli side.
Israel's "Iron Dome" rocket defense system intercepted dozens of incoming projectiles on Tuesday. But the system is not fail-safe. One mortar shell landed next to an Israeli kindergarten shortly before it opened, and four Israelis were wounded by Palestinian fire.
It was not immediately clear if Islamic Jihad, a much smaller, Iran-backed militant group, acted independently Tuesday or at least had the tacit blessing of Hamas. At times, Islamic Jihad has pursued objectives that differ from those of Hamas.
Israel, meanwhile, appears to have made progress in defusing long-term threats posed by Hamas. Its air defenses have largely mitigated the rocket threat, and its military has made great progress in destroying Hamas' system of attack tunnels along the border.
The Trump administration has shielded Israel from critics in Europe and the human rights community who say Israel's open-fire orders are illegal because they allow deadly force even when soldiers are not in life-threatening situations.
Israel has quietly forged good behind-the-scenes ties with Egypt and Gulf Arab states that have little empathy for Hamas, an offshoot of the regional Muslim Brotherhood movement.
But Israel's apparent military and diplomatic advantage does not solve the underlying problem of having a volatile, impoverished territory on its doorstep. Many analysts and members of the international community believe it is only a matter of time before Gaza boils over again as long as the blockade remains in place.
That could happen sooner than later. Next Tuesday, Hamas plans another mass protest along the border.
___
Associated Press writer Fares Akram in Gaza City, Gaza Strip, contributed to this report.
Robert L. McKay, who designed the first Taco Bell restaurant and with founder Glen Bell turned it from a quirky food stand into a fast-food empire, has died.
McKay, 86, died last week from cancer in California, said his son Rob McKay.
Bell opened his first Taco Bell in California, in 1962, selling hard-shell tacos and other Mexican-inspired fast food. McKay, an architect, designed the Spanish-style arched and tiled building that became the chain's signature look.
Intrigued by the fast-food concept, McKay closed his architectural firm and joined Taco Bell, eventually becoming president.
Advertisement
He helped familiarise American consumers with then-exotic Mexican dishes like tacos and burritos by introducing menus with phonetic pronunciations of food items and descriptions of each product's ingredients.
McKay embraced the concept of franchising, which led to rapid expansion of the company.
Taco Bell had around 900 restaurants in the US when it was sold to PepsiCo in 1978 for US$125 million (NZ$176m) in stock.
"Still today, Taco Bell's architecture of the 60's and 70's remains as one of the most recognisable and iconic designs of the era," Taco Bell said in a statement Friday.
"Not only did McKay play a significant role in the exterior look and feel of Taco Bell, his work as a close friend to Glen and eventual company president helped drive much of the growth and success of the global brand we know today."
After retiring from Taco Bell in the early 1980s, McKay went on to finance other businesses that invested in technology, consumer products, real estate and banking, his family said.
McKay is survived by his wife, Meagan; his sons, Rob and John; and five grandchildren.
To access the newsletter, click on the link: here If you would like to receive this newsletter via email, please register at: here FACTORS TO WATCH 10:00 am: Coal Minister Piyush Goyal to speak at an event in New Delhi. 11:00 am: Labour Minister Bandaru Dattatreya at an event in New Delhi. 12:00 am: Housing & Urban Development Minister Venkaiah Naidu to speak at an event in New Delhi. 4:00 pm: Rural Development Minister Narendra Tomar at an event in New Delhi. INDIA TOP NEWS • India's Yes Bank Q4 profit up 30 pct, beats estimates India's Yes Bank Ltd on Wednesday posted higher-than-expected quarterly net profit, helped by higher interest and other income. • India's IndusInd Bank Q4 net profit rises 21 pct IndusInd Bank, India's sixth-biggest private sector lender by assets, reported a 21 percent rise in its fourth-quarter profit on higher interest income, while its bad-loan ratio eased sequentially. • Tata Motors to export some older-technology trucks after court ban Tata Motors is planning to export some of its unsold stock of older-technology trucks, after an unexpected ban on their sale in India, a senior company executive said on Wednesday. • India's BigBasket in talks for possible merger with Grofers India - report India's online grocery delivery service BigBasket and smaller rival Grofers India Pvt. Ltd. have begun talks on a possible merger, Indian newspaper Mint reported on Wednesday, citing sources. • India's Paytm in talks with SoftBank to raise $1.2 to $1.5 billion - report Electronics payments provider Paytm is in talks with Japan's SoftBank Group to raise $1.2 to $1.5 billion in cash, making the latter one of the largest shareholders in the fintech start-up, Mint newspaper reported on Wednesday citing sources. GLOBAL TOP NEWS • North Korea says don't mess with us as U.S. plans next move U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said the United States was looking at ways to pressure North Korea over its nuclear programme as North Korean state media warned the Americans of a "super-mighty preemptive strike", saying don't "mess with us". • Britain's May wins parliament's backing for June 8 snap election Prime Minister Theresa May won parliament's backing for an early election on Wednesday, a vote she said would strengthen her hand in divorce talks with the European Union and help heal divisions in Britain. • EXCLUSIVE-Putin-linked think tank drew up plan to sway 2016 US election - documents A Russian government think tank controlled by Vladimir Putin developed a plan to swing the 2016 U.S. presidential election to Donald Trump and undermine voters' faith in the American electoral system, three current and four former U.S. officials told Reuters. LOCAL MARKETS OUTLOOK (As reported by NewsRise) • The SGX Nifty Futures were trading at 9,130.50, trading down 0.05 pct from its previous close. • The Indian rupee will likely open lower against the dollar, tracking its Asian peers as risk sentiment took a hit after crude oil prices fell to two-week lows, and as caution ahead of French presidential elections kept investors on edge. • Indian government bonds will likely fall tracking the slight gains overnight in U.S. yields and ahead of a scheduled weekly debt sale tomorrow. The yield on the benchmark 6.97 pct bond maturing in 2026 is likely to trade in a 6.83 pct-6.88 pct band today. The bond closed at 100.79 rupees yesterday, yielding 6.85 pct. GLOBAL MARKETS • The S&P 500 and Dow closed lower and the Nasdaq advanced on Wednesday as investors digested the latest round of earnings, while a drop in oil prices weighed on the energy sector. • Japanese stocks rose as the yen's strong trend paused and the country's strong trade data lifted sentiment, but mining shares underperformed on the back of a steep decline oil prices. • The dollar caught its breath in Asian trading, holding above lows hit earlier this week as investors anxiously awaited this weekend's first round of presidential voting in France. • U.S. Treasury yields rose on Wednesday as traders waited on a new catalyst for direction, after a rally on Tuesday sent yields to five-month lows prompted by concerns about the French election and rising geopolitical tensions. • Oil prices regained some ground after steep losses the previous day, with a slight drop in U.S. crude inventories stoking hopes that a push to rein in global oversupply could be gathering at least some momentum. • Gold held firm, after falling as much as 1 percent the previous day, as tensions surrounding North Korea and the upcoming French presidential election offered support to the safe-haven asset amid a firmer dollar. CLOSE FII INVESTMENTS EQUITIES DEBT PNDF spot 64.57/64.60 April 19 -$104.1 mln $10.37 mln 10-yr bond yield 7.14 Month-to-date -$262.6 mln $3.58 bln Year-to-date $6.52 bln $9.05 bln For additional data: India govt bond market volumes Stock market reports Non-deliverable forwards data Corporate debt stories [IN CORPD] Local market closing/intraday levels [IN SNAPSHOT] Monthly inflows [INFLOWS RTRS TABLE IN] ($1 = 64.6300 Indian rupees) (Reporting by Nayyar Rasheed in Bengaluru)
Narayana Murthy, founder of Infosys Limited, speaks during a dialogue session at the Asian Financial Forum in Hong Kong January 19, 2015. REUTERS/Bobby Yip
MUMBAI/BENGALURU A dispute between the founders and the board of software services company Infosys Ltd over governance spilled into public again on Monday, as founder N.R. Narayana Murthy criticized a pay hike for Chief Operating Officer Pravin Rao.
Infosys defended the move, but said it took a statement from its founders "as important feedback".
In a letter released to media, Murthy said a roughly 60-70 percent pay rise for a top executive, even including a variable performance-related element, was not appropriate when most employees had increases of just 6-8 percent.
"This is grossly unfair to the majority of the Infosys employees," he said. "The impact of such a decision will likely erode the trust and faith of the employees in the management and the board."
In a later statement, Infosys said Rao's pay increase reflected "the philosophy of aligning the interests of our leadership team to long-term shareholder interests".
It said the cash component of Rao's salary had actually declined 10.6 percent to 46 million rupees ($708,183), although the performance-based component had gone up.
Given the four year vesting period of the stock, the net increase in Rao's compensation for the year to March 2018 will be 1.4 percent, Infosys said. It could go up to 33.4 percent in the fourth year if similar grants are made in subsequent years based on company and individual performance, it added.
A stock exchange filing over the weekend showed only 24 percent of Infosys' promoter shares were voted in favor of a resolution seeking a revision in Rao's compensation, while others abstained from voting. (bit.ly/2nuHy2e)
Infosys said in Monday's statement its board "acknowledges the sentiments of shareholders who have not voted in favor of the resolution".
The company had sought to reassure investors and analysts in February that it was not being distracted by the dispute with its founders over how the company was being managed.
The founders own 12.75 percent of Infosys. Led by Murthy, they had earlier questioned the pay rise of chief executive Vishal Sikka and the size of severance payouts given to others, including former finance head Rajiv Bansal.
(Reporting by Sankalp Phartiyal in MUMBAI and Aby Jose Koilparambil in BENGALURU; Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman and Mark Potter)
The Congress appointed Dinesh Gundu Rao as the chief of its Karnataka unit, replacing G Parameshwara, who has since become the deputy chief minister in the new coalition government in the state.
Gundu Rao (48) was earlier the working president of the Karnataka Congress under Parameshwara. The five-time MLA from the Gandhinagar constituency in Bengaluru was the food and civil supplies minister in the previous Congress government in the southern state.
Congress president Rahul Gandhi also appointed Easwar Khandre, an MLA, as the new working president of the party's Karnatakaunit.
All India Congress Committee (AICC) general secretary Ashok Gehlot made the announcements in a statement.
“The Congress party appreciates the hard work done by G Parameshwara, who successfully led the party for the last eight years and is stepping down from his responsibility,” the statement added.
The changes in the Karnataka Congress were in the offing after the Congress-JD(S) coalition government was formed in the state in May.
The changes are also part of Gandhi's efforts to bring in a new team of young leaders to steer the party at the central and state levels.
Can Hack But Not Shoot? FBI May Ease Entry for Cyber Agents
Aspiring federal agents who can hack a computer with ease but can't shoot their way out of a paper bag could soon find the FBI to be more welcoming.
In a series of recent speeches, FBI Director James Comey has hinted the bureau may adjust its hiring requirements to attract top-notch cyber recruits, the better to compete with private sector companies who can lure the sharpest technical minds with huge salary offers.
He's floated the idea of scrapping a requirement that agents who leave the FBI but want to return after two years must re-enroll in the bureau's storied but arduous Quantico, Virginia, training academy. He's also lamented, half-jokingly, that otherwise qualified applicants may be discouraged from applying because of a fondness for marijuana.
And he's suggested the FBI may need to build its own university to groom cyber talent and questioned whether every member of a cyber squad actually needs to be a gun-carrying agent.
"Our minds are open to all of these things because we are seeking a talent -- talent in a pool that is increasingly small. So, you're going to see us experiment with a number of different approaches to this," Comey said last week at a gathering of the Intelligence National Security Alliance.
The rethinking on recruitment comes as the FBI confronts increasingly complex cyber challenges, including crippling state-sponsored attacks, and as it's racing to develop more sophisticated techniques for combating internet-based threats.
The FBI, for instance, has struggled in recent years to break into encrypted cellphones of criminal suspects and sued Apple last year after agents could not access a locked iPhone used by a mass shooter in a San Bernardino, California.
Though an unidentified third-party vendor ultimately came forward with a tool to open the phone, law enforcement officials remain concerned about electronic terrorism recruitment that occurs through encrypted channels and out of sight of investigators.
Even crimes that investigators have tackled for decades, like child pornography, have grown more complicated as suspects trade images through secret internet networks that shield their locations and identities. The Justice Department has been developing ways through bulk hacking to uncover the users' locations, though defendants have repeatedly -- and with some success -- challenged the use of that tactic.
"The world's not coming back. The old school stuff that I did 20, 30 years ago in the State Police and the FBI, all those crimes nowadays have a major cyber component to it," said Robert Anderson, a retired FBI executive assistant director who oversaw cyber investigations.
Given the increasing emphasis on computer crime, the bureau has struggled to find prospective cyber agents who check all the conventional boxes for successful agents, Comey says.
"We will find people of integrity who are really smart, who know cyber -- and can't do a pushup. Or we'll find people, maybe they can do a pushup, they're smart and they can do cyber -- but they want to smoke weed on the way to the interview," the FBI director has said.
Comey's floated different possible solutions, but he's returned several times to the idea of waiving the requirement that people who want to return to the FBI after two years outside the bureau re-enroll in Quantico.
"Our people leave, go to the private sector, discover it's a soulless, empty way to live -- and then they realize, 'My life is empty, I need moral content in my work,'" Comey said, light-heartedly and to laughter, in a recent speech at the University of Texas at Austin.
He added: "I gave the creds for the second time to a 42-year-old cyber agent, and I said, 'So, how was Quantico?' He said, 'It was a nightmare, it was a nightmare.' And so we're trying to figure out, are there ways we should approach this differently to recognize the challenge we have in attracting talent."
Comey made headlines on the topic in 2014 when, in response to a question, he said that a prospective candidate who had previously smoked marijuana should go ahead and apply anyway. FBI rules disqualify applicants who have smoked marijuana within the last three years, and there's been no sign that that will change.
He was chastised days later at a Senate Judiciary Committee hearing by then-Sen. Jeff Sessions, now the United States attorney general and Comey's boss, about whether he understood that those comments could "be interpreted as one more example of leadership in America dismissing the seriousness of marijuana use."
Comey replied that he had tried to be "both serious and funny" and was merely remarking on the FBI's challenges in developing a cyber workforce at a time when "more and more" young people were trying marijuana. He pronounced himself "absolutely dead-set against using marijuana" and noted that he had not said that he would change the FBI's policy.
Anderson said, "Anything new in the government is like getting your wisdom teeth pulled out. Anything new takes a while for the culture of the FBI to adjust to it."
He added, "If the strategic vision is to create a mecca for cyber, we're going to have to change."
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Philadelphia Eagles quarterback Carson Wentz (11) congratulates Dallas Cowboys quarterback Dak Prescott (4) after the 29-23 overtime win at AT&T Stadium in Arlington, Texas, Sunday, October 30, 2016. The Cowboys won, 29-23. (Tom Fox/The Dallas Morning News)
We can all agree that there are several things the New England Patriots and Philadelphia Eagles did better than the Cowboys in 2017.
Seems pretty obvious when comparing the teams playing in the Super Bowl to a club that didn't qualify for the postseason.
But rather than making you angry by listing every one, here are the three most important things those teams did that the 2018 Cowboys need to emulate.
1. Overcome injuries
Despite losing leading receiver Julian Edelman during the preseason, Pro Bowl linebacker Dont'a Hightower after five games and starting right tackle Marcus Cannon after seven games, the Patriots were able to win 13 games. Other key losses included linebacker Shea McClellin and rookie pass rusher Derek Rivers, their highest draft pick.
The Eagles were hit even harder. They've advanced to the Super Bowl without starting quarterback Carson Wentz, superstar left tackle Jason Peters, standout running back/returner Darren Sproles, starting linebacker Jordan Hicks and special teams ace Chris Maragos.
The Cowboys, on the other hand, didn't have much success replacing key players in 2017. They suffered mightily during the first three games Ezekiel Elliott was suspended. The defense was night and day different without Sean Lee. The left tackle spot was a disaster without Tyron Smith.
Two years ago, Dak Prescott stepped in to play brilliantly in the absence of Tony Romo. In 2015 and 2017, the Cowboys didn't do enough to overcome losing key players.
2. Better offensive efficiency
OHL Mexico to buyback shares after takeover bid
MEXICO CITY, June 14 OHL Mexico, a unit of Spanish construction group OHL, said it would launch a share buyback on Thursday, offering 27 pesos per share after agreeing to a takeover by IFM Global Infrastructure Fund, the company said on Wednesday.
It's hardly unusual for car companies to pick up a competitor's model to get a closer look at what they're up against, run tests and maybe even dissemble it to discover what makes it tick. You can especially understand why a company would do that with a disruptive upstart like Tesla. But you'd also expect the company to buy the car outright if they're going to put it through extensive testing and stress.
Not Daimler, apparently. According to a report in Der Spiegel, the German automaker used a rental company to acquire a Tesla Model X from a Bavarian couple, put it through heavy testing and dismantle it, returning the re-assembled battery-electric SUV to its owners heavily damaged.
An appraisal pegged the damage at the equivalent of $18,602, with more than $2,300 in lost value to the car. The vehicle's owners, Monika Kindlein and Manfred van Rinsum, wrote an invoice to Daimler and rental agency Sixt totaling nearly $118,000, a figure that includes repair costs, lost income from being unrentable and violations of the rental agreement. In a statement, Daimler wouldn't comment on the specific case but said renting vehicles for comparison purposes is commonplace in the auto industry and that insurance claims normally settle cases where rental vehicles are damaged.
The incident took place over seven weeks in July and August, after Sixt reached out to Kindlein and van Rinsum about renting one of the three Teslas they typically offer as rentals to wedding parties and other events for extra income. The couple say they didn't know who rented their Model X, but they said the Sixt representative asked a variety of unusually technical questions about software versions and autonomous-driving capabilities and had an email signature that read "Automotive Industry Relations."
Shortly after renting it out, van Rinsum said he received notifications on his phone that the Model X was being charged near Barcelona, which was well outside the distance allowed in the rental agreement. Onboard GPS systems would later show the car was on test tracks near Barcelona and Sindelfingen, Germany, near the Mercedes-Benz headquarters in Stuttgart. The car reportedly underwent extreme heat and testing on vibration and traction tracks.
We'll have to see how this resolves, but the couple say they're not optimistic they'll get all their money back. Renter beware, we guess.
Related Video:
BRIEF-Atos wins contract to provide Genci with supercomputers
* ATOS WINS CONTRACT TO PROVIDE GENCI WITH ONE OF THE MOST POWERFUL SUPERCOMPUTERS IN THE WORLD
Dear Amy: I was snooping in my son's basement and discovered he is growing weed. Should I confront him? He could lose his job, house, reputation and shared custody of his daughter.
I am a nervous wreck thinking about how to approach him. My husband would have a stroke if he found out. I know I should do something, but what?
-- Sad Mom
Dear Sad: Here's what you should do: Stop snooping in your son's basement.
Unless he has a sophisticated commercial marijuana ranch down there, you should assume this is for his own use, and leave it alone.
If you absolutely cannot stand it and must confront him about this, you will have to tell him the truth about your own behavior. One natural consequence of your admission would be for him to stop trusting you.
If you are ready to make this sacrifice, you should only urge him not to expose his child to his marijuana growing and weed use. Obviously, if you found this in the basement, so could she, and this would put his daughter in an even worse position than you are in, because involving her in this sort of secret could be ruinous for their relationship, and disastrous down the line.
State laws regarding marijuana cultivation seem to be quite convoluted. If he doesn't have a license to grow and is caught (by someone other than you) the consequences could be extreme in proportion to his crime.
Dear Amy: My daughter, 9, is in Girl Scouts. She loves it. I offer a lot of my time helping out the troop. Today, they went to an ice show in which the troop paid for the tickets, so this was not an out-of-pocket expense for us.
The parents were asked to either provide a snack for their daughters, or send money for the girls to buy a snack. We opted to send a snack instead of sending money, as we struggle financially.
Once they got there, they realized that you can't bring snacks in to the facility (understandable), so one of the troop leaders purchased popcorn buckets for each girl.
All the other girls brought money and were able to purchase their own drinks to go with the popcorn.
My daughter did not have any money with her, so her troop leader bought her a drink with a souvenir cup. My daughter thinks it cost around $15. I emailed the troop leaders and asked how much the souvenir/drink was and offered to reimburse them for it.
I felt like this was the right thing to do. However, my husband disagrees. He feels as though I shouldn't have offered, since we basically followed their initial instructions.
I know this is a small problem but every time someone purchases something on my kids' behalf without us asking, I feel obligated to at least offer to reimburse them when I have the funds. I know they can answer, "No -- don't worry about it." Am I wrong for offering to reimburse the troop leader? Or is my husband right?
-- Confused Girl Scout Mom
Dear Confused: You did the right thing. These troop leaders volunteer their time to help supervise the girls, and in addition to spending their time, they willingly spend money on all sorts of little (and large) things along the way. It was kind of this troop leader to purchase this treat for your daughter. You can assume that she did so very happily and does not expect to be reimbursed, since this was an unanticipated expense.
Of course you should acknowledge this and (if you're able) offer to reimburse her. You can expect her to turn down your offer, but your gesture is a nice way of acknowledging her kindness without making specific assumptions. She was being nice, and now you will be nice in return. That is the social contract your husband doesn't seem to understand.
Dear Amy: The man signing his letter "No Prior Precedent" described his wife's adult biological daughter, who she had surrendered for adoption at birth, entering their lives as an adult and wanting her biological mother to readopt her.
It is quite obvious that this person wants money. Once she is legally their child, she stands to inherit their money.
-- Seeing the Obvious
Dear Obvious: State laws differ, but generally children do not have an automatic right to inherit. And the prospect of inheritance does not always motivate people seeking a relationship with their parents.
LONDON (Reuters) - Yang Jiayu raced to gold in a thrilling finish to the 20km walk at the World Athletics Championships on Sunday but her compatriot Lyu Xiuzhi learned she had been dramatically disqualified when metres away from winning the bronze medal.
Yang upped the pace over the last 100 metres on the Mall to power away from Mexico's Maria Guadalupe Gonzalez and finish a mere one second clear in 1 hours 26 minutes 18 seconds, a superb triumph for the 21-year-old in her maiden senior championship.
Slideshow (2 Images)
Yet Lyu, perhaps favourite for the title, did not realise she had already received a third red card for a late infringement -- meaning automatic disqualification -- as she was still racing home just behind Gonzalez.
As she was less than 20 metres from the line believing the bronze medal was in her grasp, a race official stepped out in front of her to confirm her disqualification.
It meant that Antonella Palmisano, who had been broken by the leading trio just as they started the last of the 10 two kilometre loops between Admiralty Arch and Buckingham Palace on The Mall came home for the bronze in 1:26.36, Italy's first medal of the championships.
The result was tough on former boxer Gonzalez, who had also missed out on gold at last year's Rio Olympics by just two seconds.
Evo Assembly, a socio-cultural group has called on lovers of Rivers State to urge Governor of the State, Chief Nyesom Wike to contest the 2019 governorship election.
The group made the call during a courtesy visit to Wike at Government House, Port Harcourt recently.
In a communiqué issued at the end of the 657th meeting of Evo Assembly in Eliozu, Obio/Akpor Local Government Area of the state, the group said, “the Evo Assembly, a socio-cultural group in Evo Kingdom decided to pay a courtesy visit to the Governor for the purpose of conveying their gratitude to him for his unparalleled development strides.”
Signed by its President, Elder Peter Chinwo and the Secretary, Theophilus Owhor, they listed tthe governor's achievements to include “the several road projects awarded and commissioned in Evo land in keeping with his electioneering promises as well as the Rumuaghaolu Road, Oroigwe Road, Rumunduru–Eneka Road, Rumunduru–Eliowhani Road, Atali–Elimgbu Road, Okporo–Nvuike Road, Iriebe–Oyigbo Road, Woji–Abuloma Bye Pass, Rumuokwurusi–Eneka Road, Woji–Elelenwo Road and Elelenwo–Akpajo Road.
Others are “the construction of the Rumuokoro Ultra Modern Market and Motor Park, appointment of Evo sons into his cabinet, special advisers, board members including several other appointments and the recognition and classification of some chieftaincy stools in Evo land under the Rivers State Chieftaincy Law.”
They also listed the governor's support for Hon. Martin Amaewhule and Hon. Kingsley Chinda, members of the Rivers State House of Assembly and House of Representatives respectively in their elections during the 2015 general elections and the defence of their victory and mandate at the elections tribunal and the Court of Appeal.
Susan Serekara-Nwikhana
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
TULLYTOWN, Pa. (AP)/(WSPA) — A New Jersey man has been jailed on charges he left his 2-year-old son to die after a crash that occurred as he fled from a Philadelphia-area Walmart after allegedly stealing television speakers.
Twenty-seven-year-old Christopher Kuhn, of Hamilton, remained in the Bucks County jail Wednesday on third-degree murder and other charges. There was no attorney listed in court records.
Tullytown police say Kuhn fled the store at Levittown Town Center early Tuesday afternoon after taking the speakers worth $228. Officials say a witness told officers that he covered his SUV's license plate with a sweatshirt.
Kuhn ran a red light and collided with two other vehicles, throwing his son into the road, police said. He paused to look at his injured toddler before running away.
Police caught up to Kuhn after a short foot chase. Officers tried to revive the boy using CPR until medics arrived and transported him to a hospital, where he was pronounced dead.
Nobody else was hurt in the crash. Police say Kuhn's son wasn't in a safety seat.
The hottest and fastest-moving lava of Kilauea volcano's latest eruption spread across new parts of the Big Island today, forcing officials to order evacuations in two coastal neighbourhoods over fears that the rapidly advancing flows could cut off dwindling escape routes.
Overnight, the lava was moving fast enough to cover about six football fields an hour, according to US Geological Survey scientist Wendy Stovall.
"Hawaii County Civil Defence decided to evacuate all of lower Puna to ensure that people would be able to get out," Stovall said.
Lava gushed across and then along a roadway that leads from the commercial centre of Pahoa toward smaller towns and rural farmlands to the east.
About two dozen new fissures in that area have created towering lava fountains and bone-rattling explosions throughout the eruption. The lava that is currently coming to the surface is the hottest and most fluid to date.
"This is the hottest lava that we've seen in this eruption, even just a matter of 50 degrees centigrade makes a big difference in how quickly lava flows can move and how they behave once the magma exits the vent," Stovall said.
In fact, the current lava eruptions in Puna are as hot as Hawaii's lava will ever get. "It can't get hotter than where we are," Stovall added. "We are pretty much tapping mantle temperatures right now."
One fissure was observed today spouting lava over 61 metres into the air.
Hawaii County officials said lava destroyed the electric utility's equipment on the highway, which knocked out power to Vacationland and Kapoho Beach Lots.
"You are at risk of being isolated due to possible lava inundation," the Hawaii County Civil Defence agency advised the public.
There were several small earthquakes at Kilauea's summit today, where the vent inside the volcano's Halemaumau Crater has grown along with a series of explosive eruptions that have sent rock and ash thousands of feet into the sky.
The US Geological Survey released drone footage Wednesday of another fast-moving lava flow that trapped a man in Leilani Estates over the weekend. As lava rushed past the property, a
USGS crew that was flying the drone used the aircraft to lead rescue teams to the stranded person. The person was safely evacuated from the area.
Hawaii Volcanoes National Park remains closed because of the volcanic activity at the summit and the ongoing eruptions on Kilauea's eastern flanks. Park officials said that crews are working on clearing another roadway on the south side of the park that was covered by lava from previous eruptions.
They hope the roadway will provide an alternative escape route if lava cuts off more roads to the north.
Strands of volcanic glass called as Pele's hair was accumulating on the ground in Leilani Estates and surrounding neighborhoods, and winds may blow lighter particles farther away, scientists said. The strands can cause irritation and respiratory problems when it comes in contact with people.
DIDX and telephony and VoIP industry highly respected service provider and carrier broker new DID phone numbers with lower prices in the UAE, Ukraine, Mexico, Belize, Australia, Uruguay, Cambodia, and United Kingdom after meetup at Cluecon Conference
Contact
DIDX.net / Suzanne Bowen, VP
***@didx.net DIDX.net / Suzanne Bowen, VP
End
-- DIDX, after serious business planning with industry telephony service provider and carrier (NDA in place) after Cluecon Conference in Chicago, will now offer new areas with excellent and affordable pricing in the United Arab Emirates, Ukraine, Mexico, Belize, Australia, Uruguay, Cambodia and United Kingdom. The results place DIDX.net customers who buy DID and resell to their clients, often in mobile app, tourism and cruise, transportation, personals service, research, agricultural, government, expat, VoIP, real estate, IoT and music business, fuller coverage to keep their current and potential VIP (very important people) nearby with the availability of communication not available before. The clients are able to buy phone numbers local to this VIP, so that when this VIP dial that local phone number, it rings the client who is customer of DIDX's buyer. Everyone wins."We have a solid, highly trusted business relationship with DIDX.net since 2007, and we are always working to enable DIDX.net's buyer members with new revenue and customer growth and retention potential. We are proud to be in the business relationship with the first and largest wholesale direct inward dialing exchange in history. Our new DID area additions with lower rates push the total of DID country code areas to 138, just 52 shy of complete DID coverage of the planet's approximately 190 nations. We ask that DIDX buyer members contact DIDX through the ticketing system in the buyer dashboard to take advantage, or just click BUY DID in dashboard and use the General Search to buy or Advanced Search with filters for vanity, channels, PPM, SMS, fax and more," says DIDX.net seller member, telephony service provider and carrier (under NDA).New DID phone numbers now available at the new lower rate on DIDX.net wholesale global DID phone number marketplace:New Australia ITF is available on PPM with low NRC and MRC.New Belize ITF is with low NRC and MRC.New Cambodia DID is available with with low NRC and MRC.NEW Mexico ITF is available with with low NRC and MRC.New UAE DIDs is available with low PPM, NRC and MRC.New Ukraine ITF is available with low PPM, NRC and MRC.New United Kingdom is available with super low PPM, NRC and MRC.New Uruguay is available with with super low PPM, NRC and MRC. (Minimum minutes per month must be 150K.)"Cluecon typically attracts communications developers and engineers, and it still does, the best in the industry, but many of them work for top quality and renowned industry companies who work hard to give back to open source communities of FreeSWITCH, Asterisk, OpenSIPs and Kamailio by sponsoring, exhibiting, presenting, educating and participating in other ways at conferences like Cluecon Developers Conference, ITEXPO, CommunicAsia, Teleco Days, OpenSIPs and ITW. DIDX.net believes that Cluecon participation brings a proven ROI advantage. Our announcement of new DID areas at lower rates from a top rated telephony / IP communications service provider and carrier as result of business development at Cluecon is one example. The next Cluecon Developers Conference is scheduled for August 2018. We recommend signing up to sponsor, exhibit and participate in other ways as early as possible for maximum ROI and positive PR," Suzanne Bowen, VP DIDX.net and co-founder Super Technologies, Inc. and Suzahdi explains.About DIDX.netDIDX.net makes direct inward dialing phone number advanced search, sales and provision simple from 2000 - 2005 in beta and from 2005 to the present in GA and RTW stage with A+ score from Better Business Bureau since 2006. DIDx.net provides local direct inward dialing phone numbers manually and via API. DIDs of 138 nations are ready to buy, provision and resell today. The wholesale virtual phone number service empowers Internet Protocol communications providers, international contact centers, carriers, and operators to grow their sales, customer retention, number of customers, and industry reputation. Visit https://www.didx.net today to take advantage.
Learn about the partnership between First Baptist Church of North Augusta and LifeWay Worship in this segment of The Dish.
More About First Baptist Church of North Augusta:
625 Georgia Avenue
North Augusta, SC 29841
http://www.csrachurch.org/
https://www.facebook.com/FirstBaptistNorthAugusta/
The First Baptist North Augusta Choir is celebrating the release of a new choral project with LifeWay Worship called “Your Word”. With 10 original songs and accompanied by choral charts, full orchestration and practice tracks available digitally through LifeWay Worship, this CD brings messages of God's love and promises through music to the church, from the church. The heart of First Baptist North Augusta is to write songs that tell the truths of the Gospel of Jesus Christ, and provide resources to local churches all around the world for their music and worship ministries.
Jeff Bumgardner, songwriter, project creator and Worship Pastor of First Baptist North Augusta, leads this 85 voice choir with songs of faith and hope. “This really is music through missions”, says Bumgardner. “We believe these songs tell all of our stories. Music is a universal language with the power to speak hope into very daunting circumstances. Somewhere there is someone who needs to hear these songs. Not because they are powerful and beautiful, but because they are songs of life that can speak promise into some of the darkest moments of our lives.”
You can get your own copy of “Your Word” by visiting the church or online at http://csrachurch.org. The full choral project is available for church choirs and orchestras by contacting LifeWay Worship.
DHAKA, Bangladesh (AP) — Shakib Al Hasan has been reinstated as Bangladesh's test captain to replace Mushfiqur Rahim for next month's series against Sri Lanka.
The Bangladesh Cricket Board announced the decision after a weekend board meeting, with president Nazmul Hassan saying it was designed to allow Mushfiqur "to focus on his batting and remain pressure-free."
Mushfiqur was under serious pressure in the last series when South Africa swept Bangladesh in all three formats in October, including two lopsided defeats in the test matches.
It was a turbulent year for Bangladesh in the longest format as it lost seven of the nine test matches it played against New Zealand, India, Sri Lanka, Australia and South Africa, although it did produce its first ever test win against Australia.
Advertisement
Mushfiqur led Bangladesh in 34 test matches overall after replacing Shakib in 2011, losing 18, winning seven and drawing nine.
Mahmudullah was promoted to the vice-captaincy, replacing Tamim Iqbal.
Shakib was not part of Bangladesh's two test losses in South Africa, having requested for leave after the drawn home series against Australia.
The 51-test veteran has scored 3,594 runs and taken 188 wickets. He led Bangladesh in nine test matches between 2009-2011, a tenure that included eight losses.
The global aseptic packaging market was estimated at USD 40 billion in 2017 and is projected to grow at a CAGR of over 8% from 2018 to 2025. Aseptic packaging ensures filling of commercial product into a sterilized container. Significant demand from application industries such as, food, beverages and pharmaceuticals, and the eco-friendly nature of aseptic packaging are major factors that promote its adoption. In addition, the growth of the packaging industry in the developing countries such as China and India also acts as a key growth driver for the global aseptic packaging market.
The food application segment is expected to hold the largest share owing to the increase in the applications of aseptic packaging in products such as cups, trays, bags, and pouches. In addition, applications in the food industry are expected to increase in the emerging countries owing to the increasing acceptance of processed and packaged food options.
Asia-Pacific is estimated be the fastest growing region; with the increasing population, there is an increasing demand for food. Also, lifestyle changes in the developing countries such as China and India boost the demand for ready-to-eat and packaged food. Also, the demand for healthy and safe packaging is growing due to the increasing disposable income of the population. All these factors support the growth of the global aseptic packaging market in the Asia-Pacific region.
View full report @ https://convergedmarkets.com/aseptic-packaging-market-by-material-plastic-paper-paperboard-metal-glass-wood-type-carton-bottle-can-bag-pouche-pre-filled-syringe-vial-ampoule-application-and-global-opportun
The key players in the global aseptic packaging market include Amcor Limited, Bemis Company, Tetra Laval International, Becton, Dickinson and Company, Robert Bosch GmbH and Greatview Aseptic Packaging. Some of the recent developments by the key players in the global aseptic packaging market are as follows:
In April 2016, Bemis Company acquired the medical device packaging operations and related value-added services of SteriPack Group, which is a leading player of sterile packaging solutions for medical device and pharmaceutical applications.
This report provides an in-depth analysis of key companies and competitive analysis of developments recorded in the industry in the last eight years. In this report, market dynamics such as drivers, barriers, opportunities, challenge, and factor analysis has been discussed in detail. Key market players such as Amcor, Bemis Company, Tetra Laval International, Becton, Dickinson and Company, Robert Bosch, and Greatview Aseptic Packaging have been profiled to provide an insight into the competitive scenario in the global aseptic packaging market. Leading manufacturers of aseptic packaging are adopting strategies such as expansion and merger & acquisition to enhance their global reach.
Two new residents were welcomed into the Lansing community.
Savannah Ann Marie Schneider was born at a little after midnight at McLaren Hospital in Michigan .
The healthy 7 pounds, 14 ounce baby was scheduled to come January 2, but Savannah had other plans.
"We were hoping it was going to be in the New year, but we didn't think it was going to be the first one of the New Year," said Savannah's mother Katie.
Matthew Schneider, Savannah's father, says he was excited to have his first child.
Meanwhile, another girl was born just seconds into the new year at Sparrow Hospital.
Jasmen Victoria Lopez was born to parents Christina Castro and Steven Lopez weighing 6 pounds and 9 ounces.
The Lansing natives were proud to have their little princess born in their hometown.
April 3 Pavillon Holdings Ltd:
* Pavillon Holdings Ltd (investment in a joint venture company in People's Republic Of China)
* Unit has incorporated a JV company, Fengchi IOT Management in Tianjin with Fengchi Technology Co Ltd
* Registered share capital of Fengchi IOT is RMB90 million
* Transaction is not expected to have a material impact on consolidated NTA and EPS of company for financial year ending 31 Dec. 2017 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Crosswalk caution
Close Modal Window Hang on for a minute...we're trying to find some more stories you might like.
Close
Close Modal Window Email This Story Sends email to this address
Enter Your Name
Add a comment here
Verification
Send Email Cancel
It's normal to be afraid of dying except when that thought is the most prevalent thing on your mind while walking to class.
In fact, I find that I am more afraid to while walking to class than I was last summer taking metros and walking through crowded streets in Rome with the chance that Gypsy children or pickpockets could rob me at anytime. Yes, saying that walking to class scares me more than the possibility of being robbed seems senseless; however, this statement is completely true in my life.
It's a Monday morning at 8:50 a.m. I'm walking to the Writing Center for my shift at work with my coffee and lunch box in hand. One obstacle stands between me and a successful day at work and class: crossing the highway. I stand patiently at the crosswalk waiting for someone to be gracious enough to allow me to cross, but time and time again people see me standing on the side of the road but don't slow down.
Most days I spend a few minutes waiting for one person to slow down for me to cross, or I get stuck standing in the median with cars rushing by on either side.
The scariest part of being stuck in the middle of the road is when an 18-wheeler begins to speed up while I'm standing in the median. They put off so much wind that I almost lose my balance.
The speed limit on Francis Marion Road is 35 mph; that's not very fast. However, when I'm preparing to cross the street, cars seem to be traveling faster than 35 mph, judging from how quickly people make it from the red light at Highway 76 to the crosswalk between the Baptist Collegiate Ministry (BCM) and campus.
There have even been times when I have started crossing the highway while cars were just turning onto Francis Marion Road, and they continued to accelerate as I was walking across.
According to South Carolina law 56-5-3130, “the driver of a vehicle shall yield the right-of-way, slowing down or stopping if need be to yield to a pedestrian crossing the roadway within a crosswalk when the pedestrian is upon the half of the roadway upon which the vehicle is traveling or when the pedestrian is approaching so closely from the opposite half of the roadway as to be in danger.”
Pedestrians have the right-of-way. If a pedestrian is walking through a crosswalk, this does not mean the car should speed up.
Even though there are laws in place concerning crosswalks, I have been in situations where a South Carolina Highway Patrol car would not yield to my right-of-way while I was standing in the middle of the road.
Call me old-fashioned, but I still believe in common courtesy, which means taking the 10 seconds out of your day to let someone cross the road. The fact that a driver may be running late to class or work does not validate putting the lives of pedestrians at risk.
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM: Facebook | Twitter
MIAMI (CBSMiami) – To say Gloria Fajardo, the beloved mother of Gloria Estefan and fun loving grandmother of Emily Estefan was a force of life, is an understatement.
Emily nicknamed her abuela “Rapuela” posting many adorable mini-rap videos on her Instagram account from time to time.
Those #rapuela videos were a smash hit on social media, getting thousands of those coveted likes.
For several weeks now, “big gloria” as she was called, had taken ill and was hospitalized.
The family was at her bedside constantly. Both Gloria and Emily posted pictures of their beloved mother and grandmother in recent weeks, asking for god's help.
On May 30th Gloria posted a picture of her Mom, asking all of her prayer warriors to send out prayers for her momma, to give her strength through this difficult healing process.
Emily reached out to her followers to do the same, telling her grandmother we all love you and are anxiously awaiting our next rap, while we cover you in light.
She asked people to please keep the prayers coming.
Tuesday night at 8:19 Gloria Fajardo passed away at age 88.
Gloria posted this picture on Instagram of her mother surrounded by her lifelong 2 best friends.
She wrote, “Tonight at 8:19pm, we lost my beloved mother, the inimitable Gloria Fajardo. She went peacefully surrounded by her daughters, grandchildren, son-in-law's, niece, three loving caregivers, extended family and her most trusted friends.”
Gloria went on to say she will miss her every moment of every day.
Emily's post last night after grandmother's death ended in three sentences.
“I love you. I love you. I love you.”
A video taken not so long ago of Emily asking her grandmother some advice on life might sum up a small part of who she was.
Here is the video:
Half of us (48%) confess to believing we are good or very good at DIY despite a third (33%) having admitted that they have suffered a DIY disaster.
A quarter of fearful Brits (27%) revealed that they wouldn't even dream of taking on a large DIY project themselves. However, of those who say they are terrible at DIY, 39% are still giving it a go with one fifth of Handy Andy's (17%) splashing out up to £500 to fix the error of their ways.
Time is money
Overall, 40% of DIY projects were underestimated in terms of cost, and 46% were underestimated in terms of time. Despite this, three quarters of people (76%) believe they saved money doing it themselves. Meanwhile eight out of 10 Brits would happily take on another significant DIY project, while 19% are putting their spanner to bed.
The survey, from money saving experts Voucherbox.co.uk has found that those with experience of kitchen renovations give a different tale as over a third (35%) report it's costing over £4,000. More than 1 in 10 (13%) cost over £10,000 and 6% over £20,000.
Building on a budget
35% of Brits prioritise redecorating and set aside an average £500 for the task while 15% are getting their green fingers at the ready to tackle gardening, with a budget of up to £1,000.
Of those who had recently re-decorated, almost three in ten (28%) stated it cost more than they anticipated, almost the same amount who believe they may have lost money by not hiring a tradesperson (29%). Whilst the majority (48%) took an average of 2 weeks to complete the re-decorating, 36% reported that it took longer than first expected.
Marco Piu, Voucherbox general manager, said: “Spring is a popular time to dust off those tools and start putting planned DIY projects into action. The survey revealed re-decorating is on the agenda for the majority of Brits, which makes it the perfect time to hunt for online deals.
“The survey also revealed several unfortunate incidents which are often the result of inexperience. DIY merchant blogs and social channels provide a great source of expert tips and best practice that will hopefully keep you from making a costly mistake.”
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Start-up incubator NDRC is to invest up to €650,000 in 10 new digital initiatives selected for its latest Dublin accelerator programme.
Featuring founders from Dublin to Donegal, the UK to Taiwan, the latest start-ups are involved in ticketing software, cyber-bullying solutions, blockchain and fashion-tech. They will work with the NDRC to further prepare for follow-on investment.
Ben Hurley, chief executive at the NDRC, said: “Developing a start-up from an idea right through to being ready for investment is a challenging process. With our proven expertise and focus, NDRC is here to help with that process”.
The companies selected include Evopass, which develops mobile-first ticketing software; Depublish, which combines technology with legislation to quickly determine if content is wrongly published; and UrbanFox, which protects retailers and reduces online payment fraud by analysing online fraudulent behaviour.
Based at the NDRC's Digital Exchange offices, the start-ups will work with the NDRC team over the course of the pre-seed accelerator phase, helping them move beyond a good idea into building a team and a business that can attract investment and grow.
In the decade since its foundation, the NDRC (formerly the National Digital Research Centre) which has a remit of growing digital entrepreneurship, has supported more than 250 start-ups, and has funds of more than €40 million under management to date. Its portfolio of companies includes Tandem, SilverCloud Health, Newswhip, Boxever and Nuritas, each of which have gone on to secure millions of euros in follow-on investment.
Speaker of the House of Representatives, RT. Hon Yakubu Dogara, has called on the people clamouring for conduct of population census in 2018 to exercise patience till after 2019 elections when there will be no political pressure to manipulate its outcome.
He said conducting population census in an election year may generate unrealistic results, and therefore advised that the next administration should conduct the census at the beginning of its tenure when there isn't so much at stake.
Dogara stated this in a statement issued by his Special Adviser on Media & Public Affairs, Turaki Hassan, in Abuja.
The Speaker explained, if he were to offer a selfless advice, “I won't advise anyone to conduct national census in 2018. I said it before that if we are not going to achieve it in 2017, then we should just forget it until after 2019.
“If you conduct census at the niche of elections, there will be so much pressure, crisis and the lure for people to manipulate the figures for political reasons, such that the agency cannot even cope with. So it is better for a fresh administration to conduct this exercise from the beginning of that administration when we do not have any pressure of elections in sight. Then we may have something that resembles reality, but I can bet you if the census is conducted in 2018, the outcome will be doubtable.
“Seriously speaking, because I know who we are and I know the kind of litigations, backlashes, the pressure and we don't need that now to be candid. We have so many challenges, let's empower the agencies to keep building on the blocks that they will leverage on in the future in order to do the exercise but doing it in 2018, honestly it is nothing I would advocate.”
The international language school Education First in Santa Barbara, the oldest and largest institution of its kind on the South Coast, is seeking South Coast host families for the summer as well as during its academic year, which starts in September.
EF's yearly economic impact is more than $8 million to the local economy, school officials said. This comes from host family payouts, students' spending money on food, clothes, activities and other items, and salaries of the school's 25 teachers as well as 12 administrative staff.
“EF Santa Barbara embodies our mission to break down barriers of language, culture and geography not only for our students, but for the community as well,” said Fysal Safieh, school director. “We bring the world to Santa Barbara and Santa Barbara to the rest of the world.”
This summer, the EF school welcomes junior students as young as 12. Most of them travel with “school groups” who also have one or two adult leaders. Summer students usually stay two to eight weeks because this usually fits in with their school breaks. In September, EF welcomes its academic year students who stay for three, six or nine months. Some students during that time will stay for just two weeks or longer.
“Every student brings a piece of their home to Santa Barbara and takes a piece of Santa Barbara back home with them,” Safieh said. “We make the world a smaller and more culturally enriched place.”
“We have hosted 20 international students during these past 20 years,” Montecito resident Patty DeDominic said. “Our family has been enriched in many ways, and now we have friends and adult ‘kids' in every continent. Sharing our city and American culture with young people is an entertaining and educational odyssey we have lived and plan to continue.”
While the average age for EF students is 20, regular academic year students range in age from 16 to 72. Host families, who are paid a stipend, provide breakfast and dinner Monday through Friday and breakfast lunch and dinner on the weekends. Each student needs his or her own bed. Students can share a room if they request it. For long-term students, a desk in the room is advisable, but not necessary as long as they have a quiet place to study and do homework.
EF organizes door-to-door service for its students. Host families are not required to pick up or drop off their students at the airports. Students provide their own transportation: 95 percent of EF students take the bus to and from school each day. Families are not required to drive them.
EF operates 42 schools and offices in 54 countries. Its global network includes 35,000 full-time faculty and 16,500 part-time teachers, leaders and tour directors. To date, EF has helped more than 15 million people to learn a new language, discover the world or earn an academic degree.
— Nicole Halverson represents Education First.
Bruno Delgadillo, a young boy in the US state of Florida, suffered as many as 300 epileptic seizures per day but according to his mother a daily intake of medical cannabis oil has stopped them, allowing him to live a normal life.
Jacel Delgadillo told Al Jazeera that cannibas has succeeded in treating her son's chronic disease after numerous other treatments failed and even made his condition worse.
"He has been through so many medications that had put him through vegetative states," she said.
Delgadillo has risked being arrested by providing her son with a dosage amount of medicinal marijuana that exceeds Florida's legal limits.
"I do not care what anybody says. I would rather have my child on medical marijuana and have him be a child than seeing his body seize and tremble every other minute," she said.
However, her state is set to curb medical marijuana restrictions after 71 percent of Florida residents voted in favour of an amendment that takes effect on Tuesday.
As more scientific research in the United States and globally, as well as reported anecdotes such as Bruno's improvement, suggest cannabis' capabilities in treating a wide range of illnesses, an increasing number of US states are moving towards legalising marijuana for recreational or medical purposes.
More than half of the 50 American states now approve medical marijuana use.
However, the federal government still classifies cannabis as a narcotic and illegal for any type of usage, which has hindered research into its medicinal potential.
For the first time in two years online streaming giant, Netflix, has raised its monthly subscription prices for UK customers.
The monthly cost of a basic will remain at £5.99, however, standard and premium membership prices are set to rise.
Standard membership will rise from £7.49 to £7.99 a month, and Premium membership will jump from £8.99 to £9.99 for users.
New subscribers to Netflix will immediately pay the new rates whereas existing customers will see price increases from 19 October and be given 30 days notice of the change
New content for 2018
The online streaming service, which currently has 104 million subscribers globally, will also be raising rates for the US, France and Germany this year.
Netflix have released a statement regarding the price hikes:
“From time to time, Netflix plans and pricing are adjusted as we add more exclusive TV shows and movies, introduce new product features and improve the overall Netflix experience to help members find something great to watch even faster.”
Netflix is set to provide more original content in 2018 and already has a budget of $6 billion for new productions.
The new money generated from the subscription price rises is expected to contribute towards the production of new original content.
The case against California accountant Kinde Durkee, arrested on a federal charge, has been turned over to the courts
Every client of prominent California campaign treasurer Kinde Durkee, arrested earlier this month on a federal charge of mail fraud, has been cut off from their funds, effective Friday.
Durkee & Associates served as the treasurer for hundreds of Democratic organizations, candidates and nonprofit organizations, and the California political world is still reeling from her arrest and suspicions that she embezzled hundreds of thousands of dollars from election funds.
Local groups frantically checked their books after the news but found no discrepancies. Even so, they are now cut off from their money.
First California Bank, used for all of Durkee & Associates, decided to shut down all client accounts and hand over the investigation to Los Angeles Superior Court to determine how much money is owed to each account holder, according to a news release.
It added that Durkee apparently commingled funds and made transfers between them, so it's likely the balances don't “accurately represent the funds” that actually belong to Durkee & Associates clients.
Santa Barbara Democratic Central Committee chairman Daraka Larimore-Hall sent out a newsletter Tuesday outlining the organization's predicament: The process of distributing funds back to clients could take months or years, so the group is in the middle of a City Council campaign without access to its money.
“The bank freaked out about the liability of giving people their accurate amounts of money and bank statements,” Larimore-Hall told Noozhawk. “I don't think we're going to have access soon, but there's no reason to believe that it's gone.”
While it's standard procedure for bookkeeping and treasurer services to have a relationship with one bank, it's unfortunate for clients, especially nonprofits and political clubs that organize events year-round, he said.
The bank was asking clients for signed letters, then state reporting forms, then waivers holding the bank harmless, and many clients refused to sign anything until they saw the contents of their bank accounts, Larimore-Hall said. On Friday, the bank decided to turn the investigation over to the court system.
The group had about $13,000 in the bank and also handled the money for local clubs, including the UCSB branch of Campus Democrats, who are in the same boat.
The Democratic Central Committee created a new account — with a new treasurer — that so far holds money from the Labor Day event fundraiser. It's focused on raising money before the November City Council election.
“That's where county party organizations are the most inconvenienced by this, because there are lots of off-cycle municipal elections,” Larimore-Hall said.
The Democratic Women of Santa Barbara County and the Santa Barbara Women's Political Committee were also clients of Durkee's and haven't discovered any discrepancies, they told Noozhawk.
— Noozhawk staff writer Giana Magnoli can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Enrique Marquez Jr., 25, of Riverside, Calif., is accused of purchasing the assault rifles used in the San Bernardino terrorist attack, and has agreed to plead guilty to federal criminal charges.
Benjamin Gottlieb of member station KCRW tells our Newscast unit:
In his plea, Marquez admits that his friend, Syed Rizwan Farook, paid him for the assault rifles used to kill 14 people and injure 22 others in December of 2015. That's when Farook and his wife Tashfeen Malik opened fire at a holiday party of Farook's coworkers at the Inland Regional Center. Marquez also admits he conspired with Farook in 2011 and 2012 to attack Riverside City College (RCC) — as well as commuter traffic on a major freeway in Southern California. Those plans never materialized.
U.S. Attorney Eileen Decker said, "While his earlier plans to attack a school and a freeway were not executed, the planning clearly laid the foundation for the 2015 attack on the Inland Regional Center."
Prosecutors say there is no evidence that Marquez participated in the San Bernardino attack or had advance knowledge about it.
He did acknowledge that he was a "straw buyer" when he purchased two high-powered rifles used in the San Bernardino attack.
According to a Justice Department statement:
"Straw purchasers are criminals who are the beginning of the chain of violence in our country," said ATF Special Agent in Charge Eric D. Harden. "It is purchases like Marquez's that led to the terror on that tragic day in San Bernardino. The crime goes beyond making a false statement on a government form. It puts guns in the hands of criminals who will victimize the community. In this case, the straw purchase is as reprehensible as the attack."
Mandy Pifer, whose boyfriend Shannon Johnson was killed in the terror attack, told The Associated Press that Marquez's plea agreement brought mixed emotions:
"It's a hell of a day to come out, Valentine's Day," the 42-year-old Los Angeles resident said. "I'm relieved that it won't be a long trial. If it'll be finished sooner, I'm all for it." She said she planned to speak at Marquez's sentencing about the impact her boyfriend's killing has had on her. In his last moments, Johnson huddled with a colleague under a table, shielding her from the bullets. "It is what it is," she said. "Nothing's going to bring him back."
Marquez is expected to formally enter his guilty pleas Thursday morning.
He has been in custody since he was ordered detained at his initial court appearance in this case on Dec. 17, 2015.
Marquez faces up to 25 years in federal prison.
Madrid: Rafael Nadal's uncle, Toni Nadal, will step down as his coach after this year's ATP Tour, as he feels he has been sidelined by other figures in the player's entourage, he told an Italian tennis magazine.
The 55-year-old has been with the 14-times grand slam champion since before the Spaniard broke into the big-time by winning the French Open as a teenager in 2005.
Two weeks after watching his nephew lose in five sets to Roger Federer in the Australian Open final, Toni Nadal told Il Tennis Italiano website that after this season he wants to concentrate on training emerging players.
“From next year, I will no longer follow Rafael on the circuit but will dedicate myself exclusively to our academy,” he said, referring to the Rafa Nadal Academy which opened last October in Mallorca.
“The relationship with my nephew has always been excellent, in all these years we have never had periods of crisis,” he said, but added that he has felt increasingly sidelined since Carlos Costa became Nadal's manager and as the player's father has become more involved.
“The truth is that every year I am making fewer decisions, to the point that I won't be deciding anything any more!”
Former World number one and fellow Mallorcan Carlos Moya joined Nadal's coaching staff this season, hoping to help revive the player's career after two injury-plagued years.
Nadal, without a grand slam title since winning the French Open for a ninth time in 2014, withdrew from last year's tournament and missed Wimbledon because of a wrist injury.
— Reuters
After picking up his 17th technical foul of the season — a league-high and one away from another suspension — in a win over the Pelicans on Sunday night, DeMarcus Cousins was frustrated.
He told reporters he feels like he can't play the way he wants to and is trying to change to help his team. Despite all the techs, Cousins is averaging a career-high 27.8 points per game to go along with 10.8 rebounds.
Two days later, in a phone interview with For The Win on Tuesday before the Kings took on the Lakers, when asked why he thinks so many technicals are being called on him, Cousins called it “a process.”
“I'm just trying to find a way, both sides are trying to figure it out,” Cousins said. “It's gonna be more of a burden on my side. I'm just going to try to make it work and do what's best for our team.”
Cousins spoke to FTW on behalf of his new partnership with Shock Doctor, a company that makes mouthguards, and also sponsors Kevin Love and Harrison Barnes.
While Cousins has been struggling with staying out of technical foul trouble in the NBA, prior to this season he won a gold medal representing Team USA in the Rio Olympics. He said he still thinks about that amazing moment when he had the medal placed around his neck “all the time.”
“Ah, it was incredible. Most of the guys, it was their first time winning a gold medal, so it was an incredible feeling,” Cousins said. “Just going through the whole ceremony process and having the arena filled with a lot of different cultures, it was beautiful. Great experience — one I'll never forget. Hopefully I can feel that feeling once again.”
With the All-Star Game coming up, Cousins is excited to get to see some of his USA basketball teammates once again, since all of them except Carmelo Anthony and Harrison Barnes were selected to play.
How could you hate this team 😂 TEAM USA 🏀 singing A Thousand Miles on the plane: 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 SC: money23green pic.twitter.com/Zsj6l8Ufwf — Alysha Tsuji (@AlyshaTsuji) July 30, 2016
“It's always fun to be around those guys. It was a great group of guys,” Cousins said. “I like to say we had great chemistry, we had a lot of fun being around one another, and I think it'll be the same way once we get around each other again.”
A delightful short animated adventure and horror film for kids
Contact
Stuart Cork
***@gmail.com Stuart Cork
End
-- Ginzburg Press Films new short animated horror movie for kids is now streaming exclusively on Amazon Prime video.In Monster's Hidden Treasures our relentless and quirky heroes, Adam and Marky, fall into a terrifying adventure where they encounter scary creatures underground and never before seen hidden treasures.This is the first episode in a new adventure series which takes place in a pixel animated world crafted by our talented and dedicated gamers. The colorful characters are brought to life in this uniquely scary story which will thrill and entertain children of all ages.The core of the story demonstrates how friendship, cooperation and teamwork are what matters when two friends discover what they can do together to survive.A mishap leads our two heroes into unchartered territory where monsters dwell and undiscovered secret treasures remain hidden from the outside world.Unlike most animated features today that are created with obnoxious shrieking voices that would cause the dead in any animated movie to rise this film utilizes the voice talent of enthusiastic and delightful kids.Dreadnotx, the director and lead animator of the film, said, "Kids into Minecraft are fascinated by the textures created in this realm… We all have an intense connection with our characters when we play the game, and it paved the way for a very thrilling story and exciting adventure that kids of all ages will be able to relate to."Watch now as our inquisitive heroes come to life in this thrilling ride interspersed with dramatic tension and discover what new adventures await Adam & Marky.Watch our newest title now, free with Amazon prime:Ginzburg Press is a digital production company that distributes online courses, ebooks and animated short films. For the months of July and August 2016, Ginzburg Press was awarded the Amazon Video Direct Star #AVDStarsWinner given to the top self-publishers in Prime Video.
Visit www.bordersec.com/prlog
End
-- SMi Group has announced that Dr Michael Rupp, Head of Operational Section 1-Civil Society, Fundamental Rights, Judiciary and Home Affairs, Delegation of the European Union to Turkey, will be presenting an exclusive keynote address at the 11annual Border Security conference taking place in Rome next February.Dr Rupp's presentation will focus on developing border and migration management capabilities on the Turkish border through cost-effective procurement of next-generation capabilities. He will explore current capabilities and feedback from operations in 2016/2017. Concurrently, he will also highlight:* Goals to comprehensively upgrade border management with next-generation technologyo Border towers and thermal imaging cameraso Land border vehicle upgrades for enhanced reconnaissance and rapid responsiveness* Significant investment strategy and goals for 2018 implementationIn line with this, we also have other nations discussing updates on their border control strategies including Estonia, Italy, Germany, Portugal, Netherlands, Spain, and Sweden.SMi Group's Border Security 2018 will bring together leading representatives of industry and government to discuss the political and technological solutions being utilised to secure national wcj borders.This comes at a relevant time with the migration crisis ongoing throughout the Mediterranean and mainland Europe, and border security still at the forefront of planning for nations around the world.Full details of the speaker line-up as well as the the full agenda can be viewed on www.bordersec.com/prlog.Other featured speakers include representatives from the US Department of Homeland Security, Australian Department of Immigration and Border Protection, Italian State Police, Guardia di Finanza, Delegation of the European Union to Turkey, Schiphol Airport, Airpol and more.Border Security 2018 will provide delegates a platform to discuss application of technologies and strategies to implement next generation capabilities to secure land, air and sea borders in response to growing global threats.Those interested in attending are advised to register on the event website. Early Birds discounts available.11th Border Security Conference21-22 February 2018Crowne Plaza St Peter's Hotel, Rome, Italy---- END ----For sponsorship packages contact Sadia Malick on +44 (0) 207 827 6748 or email smalick@smi-online.co.uk. For delegate enquiries contact Andrew Gibbons on +44 (0) 207 827 6156 or email agibbons@smi-online.co.uk. For media enquiries, contact Honey de Gracia on +44 20 7827 6102 or hdegracia@smi-online.co.uk.About SMi Group: Established since 1993, the SMi Group is a global event-production company that specializes in Business-to-Business Conferences, Workshops, Masterclasses and online Communities. We create and deliver events in the Defence, Security, Energy, Utilities, Finance and Pharmaceutical industries. We pride ourselves on having access to the world's most forward thinking opinion leaders and visionaries, allowing us to bring our communities together to Learn, Engage, Share and Network. More information can be found at http://www.smi- online.co.uk
RIYADH: Saudi Arabia on Monday lifted a decades-long ban on cinemas, part of a series of social reforms by the powerful crown prince that are shaking up the ultra-conservative kingdom.
The government said it would begin licensing cinemas immediately and the first movie theatres are expected to open next March, in a decision that could boost the kingdom's nascent film industry.
Reviving cinemas would represent a paradigm shift in the kingdom, which is promoting entertainment as part of a sweeping reform plan for a post-oil era, despite opposition from hardliners who have long vilified movie theatres as vulgar and sinful.
“Commercial cinemas will be allowed to operate in the Kingdom as of early 2018, for the first time in more than 35 years,” the culture and information ministry said in a statement.
“This marks a watershed moment in the development of the cultural economy in the kingdom,” the statement quoted Information Minister Awwad Alawwad as saying.
Saudi Arabia is expected to have more than 300 cinemas—with over 2,000 screens—all across the kingdom by 2030, the ministry said.
Like most public spaces in the kingdom, cinema halls are expected to be segregated by gender or have a separate section for families.
‘Beautiful day'
Hardliners, who see cinemas as a threat to cultural and religious identity, were instrumental in shutting them down in the 1980s.
Saudi Arabia's highest-ranking cleric warned in January of the “depravity” of cinemas, saying they would corrupt morals.
But authorities appear to be shrugging off the threat, with some comparing Saudi Arabia's reform drive to a fast-moving bus—either people get on board or risk being left behind.
Saudis themselves appear quietly astounded by the torrid pace of social change, which includes the historic decision allowing women to drive from next June.
Saudi Arabia in recent months has organized music concerts, a Comic-Con pop culture festival and a mixed-gender national day celebration that saw people dancing in the streets to thumping electronic music for the first time.
The social transformation chimes with Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman's recent pledge to return Saudi Arabia to an “open, moderate Islam” and destroy extremist ideologies.
Saudi filmmakers have long argued that a ban on cinemas does not make sense in the age of YouTube.
Saudi films have been making waves abroad, using the internet to circumvent distribution channels and sometimes the stern gaze of state censors.
“It is a beautiful day in #SaudiArabia!” Saudi female director Haifaa al-Mansour said on Twitter, reacting to Monday's announcement.
Her film “Wadjda” made history in 2013 after it became Saudi Arabia's first Academy Award entry.
The film depicts the dream of a 10-year-old girl to get a bicycle just like the boys in her conservative neighborhood.
‘Catalyst for economic growth'
This year, the country is again vying for an Oscar with the film “Barakah Meets Barakah,” the kingdom's first romantic comedy which premiered at the Berlin International Film Festival.
Without cinemas, filmmakers said investment in films was unlikely to flourish and the depiction of Saudi society would not move beyond the foreign portrayal of Saudis as extremist or culturally primitive.
“Now our young men and women will show the world possibilities and stories worth seeing,” Saudi filmmaker Aymen Tarek Jamal said on Twitter.
“Congratulations to the 2030 Generation.”
The reform stems partly from an economic motive to boost domestic spending on entertainment as the kingdom reels from a protracted slump in oil prices.
Saudis splurge billions of dollars annually to see movie shows and visit amusement parks in neighboring tourist hubs like Dubai.
“Opening cinemas will act as a catalyst for economic growth and diversification,” Alawwad said.
“By developing the broader cultural sector we will create new employment and training opportunities, as well as enriching the kingdom's entertainment options.” AFP
AFP/CC
SHANGHAI, April 5 China's Anshan Iron and Steel Group has signed a debt-to-equity swap agreement with Industrial Bank that covers 10 billion yuan ($1.45 billion) in total, the official Xinhua news agency said on Wednesday.
Since China's policymakers re-launched the debt-for-equity scheme at the end of last year to ease the borrowing overhang of its struggling firms, the country's banks have pledged to sign deals with state-owned enterprises to ease their burden. ($1 = 6.8990 Chinese yuan renminbi) (Reporting by Beijing Monitoring Desk and Engen Tham in Shanghai; Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman)
Amazon says it is taking action against potentially counterfeit solar eclipse glasses. The company said that it contacted and issued refunds to some customers who purchased glasses on Amazon that "may not comply with industry standards." Amazon has also removed a few listings for glasses on its website "out of an abundance of caution." It did not name any of those listings in its statement. To safely view the solar eclipse August 21, you'll need a special pair of ultra-dark sunglasses . There has been enormous demand for those kinds of glasses, which prevent the permanent eye damage that the sun's rays could cause. But that demand has been followed by reports that knockoff eclipse glasses — which may not provide adequate protection — have flooded the market. The American Astronomical Society said last week that it updated its safety advice "in response to alarming reports" of unsafe glasses selling online. The organization says buyers should be skeptical of glasses even if they're stamped with an ISO seal, which has been used in the past to indicate which glasses comply with standards set by the International Organization for Standardization. To help tamp down on fraud, the AAS posted a list of verified vendors and websites where those eclipse glasses are sold. Written by Jackie Wattles for CNN. The-CNN-Wire ™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
This story originally appeared on Don't Waste Your Money. Checkout Don't Waste Your Money for other great tips and ideas to make the most out of life.
LA PAZ, Bolivia (AP) — A retired Bolivian bishop tapped by Pope Francis to be a cardinal is furiously denying suggestions that he has a wife and children and is threatening legal action.
Toribio Ticona said Wednesday that he "has nothing to do" with the alleged actions and said he would bring a legal complaint if the claims continue.
Francis named the 81-year-old cardinal last week. Ticona says the accusations were disproven after they first emerged in 2011 and have "resurfaced as slander in an attempt to attack" the pope by "sectors that are hostile" to the pontiff.
The accusations recently appeared in the Catholic blog "Adelanto en la Fe" — "Forward in the Faith." It cites a 2011 complaint to local Catholic authorities that says Ticona had a family in a rural town.
The National Weather Service has issued a red flag warning for Santa Barbara County's South Coast and mountain areas due to dry, hot and gusty weather conditions that are expected to pick up steam early Wednesday.
A red flag warning, beginning at 6 a.m. Wednesday and in effect through 10 a.m. Thursday, has been issued amid critical fire weather conditions.
Temperatures on Wednesday are expected to peak in the mid-80s in the mountain areas, with a high of 77 in Santa Barbara, according to Todd Hall, a weather specialist with the National Weather Service Oxnard office.
Gusty northwest winds — up to 45 mph in the mountain areas — and relative low humidity are likely to envelop the area through Thursday morning, with the greatest risk for any potential fire spread Wednesday afternoon and overnight, Hall said.
“Certainly if you do light a fire, make sure that it is put out well,” he said.
In anticipation of the red flag warning, the Santa Barbara County Fire Department has increased its staffing levels, with three additional engines, one dozer and one battalion chief, said Capt. David Sadecki.
The Montecito Fire Protection District has also upped its staffing, bringing in an extra Type 3 Brush engine, two hand crews and one additional dispatcher. The district has activated MERRAG, its network of trained emergency response volunteers who work and live in the Montecito area.
County fire offers several precautions for citizens to take while under a red flag warning.
According to the agency's website, residents should:
» Report any sign of smoke immediately to your local fire department by calling 9-1-1 (if you call 9-1-1 from your cell phone, you must know your location).
» Use extreme caution when operating spark of flame producing machinery in hazardous grass or brush areas.
» Have an evacuation plan in place and identify two exit routes from your neighborhood. If you are asked to evacuate by fire or law enforcement officials, do so immediately.
» Report any suspicious persons or vehicles to law enforcement.
— Noozhawk staff writer Gina Potthoff can be reached at .(JavaScript must be enabled to view this email address) . Follow Noozhawk on Twitter: @noozhawk, @NoozhawkNews and @NoozhawkBiz. Connect with Noozhawk on Facebook.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Burton hospital patients will soon be using glow-in-the-dark Zimmer frames in a bid to cut the risk of them having falls while trying to find the toilet in the night in the dark.
Bosses at Queen's Hospital have also added luminous footprints to the floor and glowing door frames for patients to follow while heading to the toilets at night in a bid to avoid the risk of falls.
The 'light up the night' project was devised to make the walking frames light up after data showed that Ward 4 at Queen's Hospital had the highest number of falls at the the Belvedere Road facility.
And most of these falls happened at night as patients were making their way to the toilet, said a spokesman.
The Zimmer frames and other mobility aids at the hospital have had a glow-in-the-dark panel stuck on them, which staff say will help patients with walking difficulties find their way in unfamiliar surroundings while in hospital.
The floor heading to the toilets have also had the glow-in-the-dark footprints added to them, which lead patients from their bed through the glowing door frames.
The light switches glow in the dark too and the toilets have motion sensors which light up when a patient enters the cubicle.
Quality support nurse Carla Golding, who introduced the project as part of a Royal College of Nursing Leadership Programme, said: "This is a simple idea but has already worked really well. Patients have really engaged with the concept.
"Many of our patients are independent and want to make their own way to the toilet rather than call the nursing staff to assist them.
"The lights and aids are a way of helping them without disturbing other patients.
"I am thankful to the hospitals' charity for funding this project."
Chris Maddox, community partnerships and charities manager, said: "This is exactly the type of idea that the charity are keen to support.
"The small investment has made a positive impact for our patients on Ward 4 and staff have really embraced the idea supporting patients to decorate their mobility aids.
"This type of work wouldn't be possible without generous donations from the local community and supporters."
The project was introduced in May and its effectiveness in reducing falls is currently being evaluated.
New Delhi: Opener Manjot Kalra's unbeaten 101 off 102 balls guided India to a thumping 8-wicket victory against Australia in the finals of the U19 Cricket World Cup in Mount Maunganui. With this victory Indian team created history by becoming first nation to bag four World Cup titles.
Chasing 217, in-form openers Prithvi Shaw (29) and Manjot Kalra provided India with a flying start. India were 77 in 11.4 overs when Shaw got out on a ripper from Will Sutherland. After Shaw, Kalra stitched a 54-run partnership with Shubman Gill(31). The centurion in the semi-final got bowled off a delivery from off-spinner Param Uppal. Post Gill, wicketkeeper Harvik Desai (47 not out) clung on with Kalra and guided India to their fourth ICC U19 World Cup victory.
Earlier, after winning the toss, Australia opted to bat first. Jonathan Merlo (76 off 102 balls) was the lone warrior for the team as Indian left-arm spin duo of Shiva Singh and Anukul Roy spun the web around Aussie's middle order. From 183 for 4 at one stage, the team got bundled out on 216. Ishan Porel once again provided India with early breakthroughs and created the pressure. Porel, Kamlesh Nagarkoti, Shiva Singh and Anukul Roy bagged two wickets each while Shivam Mavi clinched one wicket. No batsman from Australia apart from Merlo was able to cross 40-run mark as they succumbed against precise line and length from Indian bowlers.
Manjot Kalra was awarded Man of the Match award for his brilliant hundred in the final.
Southern League Division East: Hayes & Yeading United 0 AFC Dunstable 2
An inspired first half performance by goalkeeper Jamie Head laid the foundation for AFC Dunstable's superb 2-0 win over one of their promotion rivals on Saturday.
The visiting stopper was called into action early on, making a one-handed reflex stop, and then a fantastic double save on 16 minutes.
AFC were finding it hard to make any inroads into the Hayes back-line, but slowly they started to force some corners.
From one of these set-pieces, the visitors took the lead after 22 minutes.
The ball was cleared to Bill Morgan, whose overhead kick found BJ Christie and although his first effort was blocked on the line, he made no mistake from the rebound.
This didn't seem to concern Hayes too much though as Head was forced to make another couple of saves to preserve the lead.
The second period looked like it was going to follow in the same vein as the first, Head soon called into action again.
With the wind at their backs though, AFC finally started to settle down, as Christie was denied on the hour mark.
Head was still being kept busy at the other end, earning his star man tag when he pushed away another effort.
With the game on a knife-edge, Christie got his second with 10 minutes remaining, a neat passing interchange between Christian Tavernier and Jermaine Hall saw Hall slip in Christie who held off his marker to slot home.
The result saw Steve Heath's side stay third, seven points clear of Hayes now and this afternoon, they visit leaders AFC Rushden & Diamonds.
