Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Punters are expected to stake an incredible £40million on the outcome of Floyd Mayweather's mega-fight with Conor McGregor .
The two biggest egos in combat sport will clash in Las Vegas on August 26.
And bookmakers expect wagers to smash the previous record set when Mayweather outpointed Manny Pacquiao two years ago.
A spokesman for Ladbrokes said: "The £20m we took as an industry in the buildup to the Anthony Joshua v Klitschko fight came dangerously close to smashing records.
"But we're forecasting double the amount of that figure to be staked by the time these two blockbuster names come to blows."
(Photo: Rex Features)
Mayweather is the long odds-on favourite at 1/12 with McGregor priced at 6/1.
And another bookmaker has already seen £135,000 staked since the fight was officially announced last night.
A Betfair spokesperson said: "Mayweather is widely considered the best boxer of his generation, while McGregor is the UFC's biggest star, so it's no surprise this could be one of the richest fights in history.
"And judging by the fact we've seen more than £100k bet on the fight in just 12 hours, we expect this to become the biggest boxing event of all time on Betfair Exchange."
Six Common Blacktip sharks of more than 2 metres were spotted by DPI aerial surveillance at Tyagarah Beach, Byron Bay this morning. Beaches were evacuated.
Six Common Blacktip sharks of more than 2 metres were spotted by DPI aerial surveillance at Tyagarah Beach, Byron Bay this morning. Beaches were evacuated. Contributed DPI
Update 12.53pm: SINCE 7am this morning the Department of Primary Industries aerial surveillance team have reported sightings of numerous sharks close to shore at North Coast beaches.
White sharks, bull sharks, common tip sharks and whaler sharks have been spotted chasing large balls of bait fish moving along the coastline.
Beaches have been sporadically close as deemed necessary by surf lifesavers, lifeguards and the DPI.
Beaches where sharks have been sighted this morning include:
Backside Surfbreak, Ballina
Seven Mile Beach, Lennox Head
Cosy Corner, Tallow Beach
Wategos
Belongil Beach
Tyagarah
Brunswick Heads
New Brighton
Crabbes Creek
Wooyung
Black Rocks reef
Pottsville
Hastings Point
Cudgera
Mooball
The situation is constantly changing however, Surf Life Saving Far North Coast Duty Officer Jimmy Keough said it was important members of the public obeyed direction of the lifeguards and lifesavers, and paid heed to warning signs and placards placed on beaches - there are sharks out there and they are feeding.
Original story 12.21pm: BEACHES from South Ballina to Pottsville have been closed following sightings of a "large number of sharks" chasing balls of bait fish close to shore.
DPI aerial reported a Common Blacktip at Brunswick Heads today, closing beaches. DPI
Surf Life Saving Far North Coast Duty Officer Jimmy Keough said "bait fish brings sharks" and a number of beaches were sporadically closed as deemed necessary.
He said lifeguards and lifesavers were working with the Department of Primary Industries to monitor the situation.
"From South Ballina to Pottsville, there are large balls of bait fish close to shore and a large number of sharks feeding on them," he said.
"Surf Lifesaving are monitoring the situation and closing beaches as required."
Aerial surveillance spotted these Common Blacktip at Brunswick Heads today, closing beaches. DPI
Mr Keough said remote beaches were also under surveillance in conjunction with the DPI.
He said it was important members of the public obeyed direction of the lifeguards and lifesavers, and paid heed to warning signs and placards placed on beaches - there are sharks out there and they are feeding.
© SIA KAMBOU / AFP
At least 17 people, including foreigners, were reportedly shot dead as suspected Islamist militants attacked a Turkish restaurant in central Ouagadougou, the capital of Burkina-Faso, and started a gun battle with the military.The place, identified as Aziz Istanbul restaurant in the city center, was "attacked by suspected jihadists," AFP reported, citing a restaurant server.Communications Minister Remi Dandjinou confirmed to state TV on Monday, as cited by Reuters. He did not elaborate on how many attackers were involved in the assault."They are confined to one part of the building they attacked. Security and elite forces are conducting an operation," he said earlier.Earlier Dandjinou confirmed that at least 17 people have been killed and eight others injured in attack in the capital, Ouagadougou, Burkina 24 reported him as saying.AFP reported, citing an unnamed army officer, that the hostages were taken on both floors of a two-story building, with the restaurant located on the ground floor.Fuzzy footage of nighttime streets with heavy gunfire being heard has surfaced on social media. Some pictures showed presumed survivors of the attack. A witness told Reuters that he saw customers running out of the restaurant, with security forces surrounding the area.Local MP Allassane Sakandé reported "a dozen wounded" and "several dead" as a result of the shooting, as cited by Radio Omega.The director of Yalgado Ouedraogo Hospital in Ouagadougou, where the victims of the attack were taken, reported that at least three people had died and 11 others were injured in the assault.The troops have reportedly stormed the café but the fate of the attackers was not immediately known.Meanwhile, Communications Minister Remi Dandjinousay said the authorities are not ruling out that the incident was a terrorist attack.The central street where the Turkish restaurant is located has several luxury hotels favored by foreign visitors, including the nearby Hotel Bravia and the Splendid Hotel. The Splendid was the target of the January 15, 2016 terrorist attack, in which Al-Qaeda-affiliated militants cold-bloodedly shot or took hostage some 200 people. Some 176 hostages were released, over 50 people were injured and 30 died. The slain victims included citizens of 10 foreign countries, including Canada, Ukraine, France, Switzerland and the US.Abdoulaye Diop, Mali's foreign minister, expressed solidarity with the people of Burkina Faso on Twitter, calling the shooting incident "a barbarian act of terrorism."Mali, which borders Burkina Faso, has been battling a jihadist insurgency in its northern and central regions for years. In June, jihadists stormed a luxury resort in Bamako, the country's capital, taking dozens of hostages and killing five people.
Deers cross an open field at the 7th Army Training Command's Grafenwoehr Training Area, Germany, Feb. 14, 2017. The Red Deer population on the Grafenwoehr Training Area is one of the largest in Europe, and the training area is home to 138 distinct types of flora and almost 800 endangered species. (U.S. Army photo by Visual Information Specialist Matthias Fruth)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.14.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 08:41 Photo ID: 3167048 VIRIN: 170214-A-EO786-006 Resolution: 7360x4912 Size: 7.21 MB Location: GRAFENWOEHR, BY, DE Web Views: 1 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Deers cross an open field [Image 1 of 6], by Matthias Fruth, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
DAVIS, Calif. (AP) — Authorities say a 30-year-old woman is being charged with hate crimes after police say she broke windows and left bacon at a Northern California mosque.
The Sacramento Bee reports (http://bit.ly/2leLQOa ) that the Yolo County District Attorney's Office announced the arrest of Lauren Kirk-Coehlo of Davis on Tuesday.
She is charged in the vandalism of the Davis Islamic Center last month. The vandal broke six windows and two bicycles and put bacon strips on door handles.
Muslims are prohibited from eating pork products.
Earlier this month in the region, Roseville's Tarbiya Institute was spray-painted with obscene and racist slurs, including “Muslim out.” The two communities are about 34 miles apart.
Roseville police say that also is being investigated as a hate crime, though there is no sign the two incidents are related.
WASHINGTON D.C. (WTNH) – After a new report that says ridership on Connecticut's three Metro-North lines have dropped, three members of Connecticut's congressional delegation have written a letter asking the railroad to put together a plan to get more commuters on the train. U.S. Senator Chris Murphy (D-Conn.), U.S. Senator Richard Blumenthal (D-Conn.), and U.S. Representative Elizabeth Esty (CT-5) say they cited examples of when service improvements along the lines have lead to increased ridership and when lapses in service have lead to fewer people on the trains.
“Recent reporting and MTA ridership data suggest that consistent lapses in services on the Waterbury, Danbury, and New Canaan Branch Lines have led to a decline in ridership. With that in mind, we write today to convey our deep concern about this trend, particularly because its cause-poor service,” wrote the members of Congress. “Riders are frustrated, and they want better service. Better service will increase ridership, which will increase investment, creating a virtuous cycle benefitting commuters of all stripes. Therefore, we respectfully ask you to provide us and branch line riders with your plan for improving service and increasing ridership on the branch lines in the near- and long-term.”
The full text of the letter is below:
Mr. Joseph Giulietti
President
MTA-Metro-North Railroad
420 Lexington Avenue
New York, NY 10017-3739
Dear Mr. Giulietti,
As we communicated to you in an August 26, 2016 letter, we have seen firsthand what improvements to Metro-North Branch Lines mean for Connecticut residents. Working with local advocates and stakeholders, including the MTA, we have fought hard to improve the lines that, put simply, make people's lives more safe and convenient. In particular, we are pleased with the progress of the Waterbury Branch Line's signalization project, which will include passing sidings to allow two-way traffic on the line for the first time.
When we last wrote, the month-over-month ridership on branch lines was increasing, underscoring the increasing utility of the line as well as the increased awareness surrounding its long-overdue improvements. However, recent reporting and MTA ridership data suggest that consistent lapses in services on the Waterbury, Danbury, and New Canaan Branch Lines have led to a decline in ridership. Despite the record-setting ridership on the New Haven Line, all three branch lines experienced declines in ridership. With that in mind, we write today to convey our deep concern about this trend, particularly because its cause-poor service-may be mistaken for a lack of demand. Nothing could be farther from the truth. Our constituents continually clamor for more frequent and reliable service on these lines. For some, the branch lines are the only way for thousands of my constituents to get between their jobs and families.
In fact, a clear line can be drawn between service improvements and increases in ridership. As the Waterbury Republican-American recently recounted, in 2008, when the Waterbury Branch Line added an early 6 a.m. train, ridership on the line jumped 33.8 percent, then 10.5 percent and 15.6 percent in subsequent years. Ridership on the Danbury Branch Line has been increasing because of better service and infrastructure. Further, the most modern of the branch lines-the New Canaan Line, which is the only electrified branch-also has the highest ridership. However, a clear line can also be drawn between declines in quality service and ridership. For instance, it comes as no surprise that ridership slipped on the Waterbury Branch Line in 2016, when the on-time rate dropped to 75 percent in the summer and long-delays and poor communication to commuters plagued the line. Nor does it come as a surprise that ridership decreased in 2016 when riders were directed to bus service over 100 times.
Our message is clear: Riders are frustrated, and they want better service. Better service will increase ridership, which will increase investment, creating a virtuous cycle benefitting commuters of all stripes. Conversely, devolving service quality and reliability may cause people to mistakenly question the soundness of investments in the lines, jeopardizing future funding for improvements. Therefore, we respectfully ask you to provide us and branch line riders with your plan for improving service and increasing ridership on the branch lines in the near- and long-term.
We look forward to your prompt response and to partnering with you to improve commutes for the customers you serve.
Sincerely,
CHRISTOPHER S. MURPHY
United States Senate
RICHARD BLUMENTHAL
United States Senate
ELIZABETH H. ESTY
Member of Congress
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Mulan is one on the best Disney female heroines - not only did she save the whole of China but she looked kick-ass in armour.
Well now, it seems Disney agrees and has decided to give the princess a remake, following The Jungle Book's success as well as Maleficent and Cinderella.
Now there's a raft of animations getting a redo, including Beauty and the Beast .
There's scant information available at the moment, but the company has revealed the release date and there has already been controversy around the casting details.
So let's down to business (sorry, we couldn't help ourselves) and take a look at what's to come.
What is the release date?
(Photo: Disney)
The Walt Disney Studios has confirmed the live-action remake will open in theatres November 2, 2018 - 20 years after it's first release.
Who will direct?
Niki Caro will helm the film, while ‘Crouching Tiger' producer Bill Kong is joining as executive producer, according to Hollywood Reporter .
Who will star as Mulan?
(Photo: Disney stills)
We are yet to find out who will take the title role, but Disney did put out a casting call for a Chinese actress.
Fans have put their suggestions forward, with Jamie Chung a favourite after portraying the character on ABC's Once Upon a Time.
Other choices for the role are Chinese actresses Zhang Ziyi and Fan Bingbing, singer Celina Jade, half Taiwanese actress Katrina Law, Chinese-American Malese Jow and Japanese actress and "Pacific Rim" star Rinko Kikuchi.
(Photo: ABC)
Will the cast be Chinese?
In October an anonymous letter was posted to the Angry Asian Man site by someone claiming to have read the spec script. They said it included a 30-something European trader who falls in love with Mulan.
(Photo: Disney)
The original movie was based on the Chinese legend, and kept the characters in tune with the legend.
There was uproar at the idea of changing this, Disney was forced to confirm it was not "whitewashing" the film and said it the main role and all primary roles will be Chinese.
There were also rumours Jennifer Lawrence was in line to play the title role, with Zac Efron as Li Shang - these have been denied.
(Photo: Disney)
(Photo: Disney dvd)
Who will be behind the remake?
(Photo: Disney)
Writers Rick Jaffa and Amanda Silver (Jurassic World) were brought on to rewrite the spec script from 2015 - they're also working on the Avatar sequel.
There are so many remakes, but Mulan stood out. Disney saw the writers' spec, by Lauren Hynek and Elizabeth Martin. The idea is to take the legendary Chinese ballad and the 1998 animated film.
Jason Reed is set to produce with Chris Bender and Jake Weiner.
Will it be a musical?
Beauty and the Beast decided to opt for a musical, so Mulan could go the same way.
(Photo: Disney)
We don't know whether or there will be any new songs, but it seems likely. Beauty and the Beast has the addition of three new tracks for the remake.
The artist to take on the title track is yet to be announced. Christina Aguilera sang Reflection for the 1998 animated film.
Tennessee head coach Holly Warlick watches the second half of a second-round game against Oregon State in the NCAA college basketball tournament Sunday, March 18, 2018, in Knoxville, Tenn. (AP Photo/Wade Payne)
Tennessee head coach Holly Warlick watches the second half of a second-round game against Oregon State in the NCAA college basketball tournament Sunday, March 18, 2018, in Knoxville, Tenn. (AP Photo/Wade Payne)
NEW YORK (AP) - Tennessee's streak is over, N.C. State is headed to the Sweet 16 for the first time in 11 years and Texas A&M pulled off another record comeback.
It was an eventful start to the second round.
The Lady Vols had been 57-0 at home in the women's NCAA Tournament before Sunday. Sixth-seeded Oregon State ended that run with a 66-59 victory.
Most of those victories came under late Hall of Fame coach Pat Summitt, who led the program to eight national championships. Now that's two straight seasons the Lady Vols were sent home before the Sweet 16. That's only happened one other time to the storied program in the 37 years it has played in the tournament.
"You come here wanting to win championships and the expectations are extremely high. Sometimes the things thrown at these kids are unfair," Tennessee coach Holly Warlick said. "They come wanting to learn and get better and just play the game. They get criticized quite a bit."
While Oregon State advanced to its third straight Sweet 16, the Wolfpack are back there for the first time since 2007 when N.C. State made an inspirational run under coach Kay Yow.
Grad transfer Kiara Leslie was the key to N.C. State advancing past Maryland. She had 21 points and 11 rebounds against her former team, and N.C. State beat Maryland 74-60 on Sunday in the second round.
Leslie, who spent three seasons at Maryland before graduating and transferring to N.C. State, finished one point shy of a career high while also leading the defensive effort on the Terps' leading scorer.
"My teammates knew that this game was important to me," Leslie said. "And I think they helped me get comfortable and get open shots, and they also came ready to play."
Texas A&M struggled early and found itself down 17 points to DePaul in the second half. The Aggies had been in that position before, rallying from a 21-point deficit against Penn last season in the opening round. They didn't panic and freshman Chennedy Carter took over, scoring 32 of her 37 points in the final 20 minutes, including a 3-pointer with 3.2 seconds left to complete the comeback which was the fourth largest all-time in the tournament and biggest ever in the second round.
"Chennedy is a great player, knocked down shots, and we had no answer for her," DePaul coach Doug Bruno said.
Here are other tidbits from Sunday's second-round games:
superglue: Notre Dame senior captain Kathyrn Westbeld was sitting in a boot before the Irish's game against Villanova. She sprained her ankle in the opener and was doubtful to play against the Wildcats. With her team tied at the half, Westbeld started the third and was an inspiration for the Irish who went on to a 98-72 victory.
"She changed the course of the game," Irish coach Muffet McGraw. "I thought we defended a lot better in the second half and with Kathryn we're a very different team."
In 16 minutes, Westbeld scored just two points and had six rebounds but she left to a standing ovation and got a heartfelt hug from her coach, both of them fighting back tears as they realized it was Westbeld's last game on her home court.
"She was in a boot before the game," McGraw said. "I thought it was a motivating and inspiring moment for the team."
QUOTABLE: The usually loquacious Texas A&M coach Gary Blair decided it was best to not say anything before Carter's final shot.
"For once in my life I zipped it," Blair said. "I didn't tell her one thing on that last shot ... sometimes you've just got to let the kid go instead of over-coaching," Blair said.
___
AP Sports Writers Kristie Rieken and Joedy McCreary contributed to this story.
New Delhi: Recently, US envoy MaryKay Carlson embarked on a special saree search on Twitter. The Charge d'Affaires at the US Embassy in New Delhi, Carlson wanted to celebrate Indian Independence Day 2017 with a gorgeous saree.
The hastag #sareesearch won all hearts, with Twitterati taking it upon themselves to find the best saree for Carlson. Today, she finally wore the saree of people's choice and tweeted a picture of it.
But before that, here's how the #sareesearch unfolded on social media.
It all started on August 4, when Carlson took to Twitter asking all to vote for the best saree out of four. Her choices were: Jamdani, Kanjeevaram, Tussar and Dupion Silks.
It was hard to narrow down my #SareeSearch to only four. Watch the video to see my choices. #WeWearCulture @minmsme @ChairmanKvic pic.twitter.com/hj7AWXO6Br — MaryKay Loss Carlson (@USAmbIndia) 4 August 2017
Ideas started pouring in from all across the country.
Soon, Carlson's search for saree ended, but she decided to keep it a surprise. Instead, she tweeted:
Now that my #SareeSearch is over, I'm working on the blouse-what amazing options! Thanks for the helpful ideas &suggestions! #WeWearCulture pic.twitter.com/aBpsHdAm4j — MaryKay Loss Carlson (@USAmbIndia) 12 August 2017
Thanks for helping w/ my #SareeSearch. Great feedback- I've learned so much! Check back on #IndependenceDay to see which saree won the poll! pic.twitter.com/yFgQCjvIMo — MaryKay Loss Carlson (@USAmbIndia) 10 August 2017
Finally, today, Carlson wore the saree of “voters' choice” and tweeted a picture of herself to her followers:
The winner was a beautiful and classic red Kanjeevaram silk saree.
Twitterati loved Carlson's saree debut. “Magnificent mam. You look great in the saree,” “Ma'am!! Looking Gorgeous!!! Sincere gratitude for embracing our culture on this auspicious day,” are some of the compliment Carlson received on Twitter.
Web Developer – Bloubergstrand
C#, .NET Developer – up to R50,000 CTC pm
My client an international consultancy based in Cape Town, is looking for an experienced C# Developer to join their expanding team on a permanent in-house basis.
Your main focus will be on assissting with client project development and integration based at the office. The opportunity to grow within the company into a manager role exists for ambitious individuals who are keen to further progress on a professional level.
They offer an open plan, agile work environment and work on the latest projects using the newest technologies.
Other perks such as FREE gym, FREE lunches, modern offices, location allows you to avoid traffic, flexi hours, quarterly teambuilding events, “non corporate environment”, and more is on offer for the successful candidate!
The right candidate will have a passion for coding, as well as a creative mindset. Knowledge of C#, ASP, MVC and SQL is essential. Other skills such as JavaScript, Bootstrap and React would be beneficial.
This is an opportunity not to be missed, you will be working under some of the best in the business, using the latest technologies.
If you would like the opportunity to work with like-minded, Microsoft professionals in an environment where you can grow on a personal as well as professional level, apply now!
I have a strong relationship with this client so I'm able to arrange interviews on short notice. Send an up to date CV to (email address) or call me on (contact number) for more information on how to secure this position.
As the global leader in .NET recruitment, Nigel Frank International are the sole supplier to this client. We lead the way in .NET recruitment and deal with some of the biggest Microsoft partners throughout the industry, some of which use us exclusively to recruit high caliber candidates due to our understanding of the market.
Learn more/Apply for this position
Nicaragua and Israel have decided to reestablish diplomatic relations, effective immediately, after they were suspended in 2010, the Central American nation said on Tuesday.
"The two governments place great importance on the renewal of relations with the aim of promoting joint activity for the welfare of both peoples and to contribute to the fight for peace in the world," Nicaragua's Foreign Ministry said in a statement.
Nicaraguan President Daniel Ortega suspended diplomatic ties with Israel in 2010 in protest after Israeli commandos staged a deadly raid on a flotilla trying to break a blockade of Gaza.
In 2012, Ortega, a leftist Cold War antagonist of the United States, urged Israel to destroy its nuclear weapons as he hosted then-Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad in Managua.
(Reporting by Enrique Andres Pretel; Editing by Leslie Adler)
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A father accused of raping his daughter and ex-wife has been acquitted of all charges.
The 39-year-old denied multiple counts of rape and sexual assault relating to two periods of time, one while he was married and then later when he brought up his children as a single parent.
He stood trial a Truro Crown Court last week and on Monday jurors found him not guilty on all charges.
The man, who cannot be named to protect the identity of the complainants, was asked about an allegation that he sexually abused his ex-wife with a carrot.
He told the jury: “We thought it would be a fun idea to experiment with sex toys but it was at a time when sex toys were not widely available.
"You had to go to a sex shop and they weren't available online.
"It was mutual. It was never one person who pushed it on another.
"We were on our own in the living room at the time."
Referring to earlier prosecution evidence, his defence lawyer Anna Midgley asked if the man had fashioned the carrot into a penis shape.
He replied: “No, a carrot is already sort of penis-shaped.”
He also denied an allegation that he inserted the vegetable in her backside.
The man said the couple began experimenting with different types of sex two years into their relationship and said his ex-wife enjoyed it.
He denied that he raped her in such a way, or that he forced her to drink alcohol before performing the act.
He also denied that he forced her to perform oral sex on him.
The court heard the man did physically assault his ex-wife on two occasions, the first after she admitted she had kissed his best friend and the best man at their wedding.
He said: “I slapped her.
"She told me she had tried to kiss him and he refused her.
"It was like a stab in my heart.”
When asked about his behaviour towards her, he added: “It's awful. I've got issues and I am an idiot.”
The court heard the couple's marriage came to an end when she returned from a trip to visit her mother.
On her return, they began drinking wine and she informed him that she was leaving him.
In the violent argument that followed, she broke his finger and he was convicted of causing actual bodily harm.
He said: "We were both very drunk. She turned around and said she had met someone and she wanted to call it a day and leave me. I started having a meltdown.
"Because of the issues from my childhood, every now and again I have these explosions.
“I was going mental at her.
"She was sat on the sofa and I was shouting at her and name calling.
"I was pointing at her and she grabbed my finger and pulled it back.
"I grabbed her by the throat and lifted her up and felt like I threw her to the other side of the room.
"I told her to get out before I killed her."
The couple divorced soon afterwards and she moved out, leaving him to bring up their children.
The court heard how his daughter, when she was a teenager, made comments through her school that her dad had had sex with her and got her pregnant.
The matters were referred to social services twice.
The jury also heard that police forensic examinations discovered the daughter's blood on the man's mattress.
Tests also revealed semen and blood as well as the man's DNA on her mattress.
The man said he would often bring their mattresses downstairs into the living room so they could pretend to be on a camping trip together.
They would watch films, eat snacks and all sleep in the same room.
He said it was likely that he had slept on her mattress but never in her bedroom.
The accused added that it was possible her blood may have got on to his mattress from her being careless during her period.
He added that she may have been sexually active with boyfriends, which could account for the semen.
He admitted assaulting his daughter when her brother had gone missing.
He said she was supposed to have been looking after him and he lost his temper.
He slapped her and pulled her hair.
It was after this that his daughter left home and he now has no contact with her.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
EastEnders viewers finally found out that Sharon Mitchell was the one who stole the heist money.
Phil's wife made the shocking confession to Mel Owen, who probed her about who nabbed the cash from Aidan and his band of not so merry men.
The dramatic storyline has been full of twists and turns since Walford's wannabe gangsters held up a van full of cash and jewels.
This evening, however, Sharon confessed that she had taken the money from "right under her husband's nose".
(Image: BBC)
(Image: BBC)
Pressured by Ciara, Mel tried a new tactic by meeting up with Louise to try and dig out some info from her.
But when Sharon returned to the house she sent Louise upstairs to have an intense chat with Mel, who revealed that Ciara was blackmailing her by using son Hunter.
Mel then told Sharon: "You've put up with a lot from Phil Mitchell - his womanising, drinking, dodgy deals... and at the end of the day, you deserve to know that you're going to be looked after.
(Image: 5649)
"But Phil was never going to do that, was he? He's too busy thinking about his legacy to think about you. Well, screw him. Screw Phil Mitchell. No one does that to you, no one."
Sharon was insistent: "No! No they don't."
Mel smiled: "He took the money."
But Sharon shocked viewers by announcing: "No, I took it. I took it from right under his nose."
How will Phil react when he hears the truth?!
*EastEnders returns on Monday at 8pm on BBC One
Tuesday night President Trump laid out a 1.5 trillion dollar infrastructure plan. And Friday Senator Jon Tester wanted to know what you think of it.
Tester spent Friday at the Great Falls Public Schools District Office.
He said the goal is to understand the need for infrastructure here in Great Falls, and around the state. Mayor Bob Kelly said it is not just bridges and roads that need work. There were also questions regarding broadband, a new by-pass for the Electric City, or even making sure there will be enough funding to finish any of these projects once they are started.
" I think the state will have to put in some dollars but it depends on how it's structured but my guess is the majority of the money will come from the federal government or it won't be built, "said Senator Tester.
Tester said it comes down to prioritizing what is needed most. And that can not be answered until he knows what Montanans need most, and in the end how large the bill will actually be.
Virginia's governor on Saturday declared a state of emergency after protesters and counterprotesters clashed ahead of a “Unite the Right” rally of White Nationalists in Charlottesville, Virginia, CNN reports.
One person died and at least seven people were hurt when a speeding car slammed into another car that was driving through scores of counterprotesters, the report says:
Fistfights and screaming matches erupted Saturday, barely 12 hours after a scuffle Friday night at the nearby University of Virginia between torch-bearing demonstrators and counterprotesters.
Saturday's rally was the latest event drawing white nationalists and right-wing activists from across the country to this Democratic-voting town — a development precipitated by the city's decision to remove symbols of its Confederate past.
David Duke today in #Charlottesville talking how how the hate rally "fulfills the promises of Donald Trump." pic.twitter.com/nvldJpykvA — Joanna Robinson (@jowrotethis) August 12, 2017
1 dead, 19 injured after car plows into crowd during violent rally in Charlottesville https://t.co/hlBcXp87hB pic.twitter.com/GQd4NF7KHT — HuffPost (@HuffPost) August 12, 2017
Donald Trump, who is on a so-called working vacation, tweeted that all Americans must condemn hate and violence, without mentioning the Charlottesville incident directly.
This is a developing story…
SOURCE: CNN
SEE ALSO:
White Nationalists Cry Discrimination After Airbnb Deletes Accounts
Texas A&M President Responds To White Nationalist's Appearance With Counter-Event: ‘This Is Not Who We Are'
A different perspective on Korea
“Please, don't tell me more.” It's become a common plea from people choosing to disengage from the seemingly constant car crash that is our politics and culture. Apparently, presidential tweets about war and jokes about mushroom clouds and North Korean Pokémon armies
aren't their cup of tea. Imagine that. When Fr. Gerard Hammond thinks of the prospect of any kind of military escalation, the word “catastrophe” is the first that comes to his mind. Read the full story and more in your Weekend edition of The Ennis News. Be informed, subscribe today!
Comments
comments
ISIS suicide blows only himself up in failed attack
Astonishing story of a young boy 'who stood up in
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An ISIS suicide bomber has accidentally blown himself only metres from reaching his intended target of a Syrian rebel soldiers.
Video of the bungle in the city of Raqqa shows fighters around a tank parked near a building.
Some of the soldiers are on the roof as gunshots ring out.
One of the combatants appears running around from behind the building before suddenly exploding into a fireball and a cloud of smoke.
The location is a known gathering point for Syrian democratic forces fighters in the Raqqa countryside, according to the Qasioun News Agency .
The site is used as part of the the running operation "Wrath of the Euphrates".
One commenter on the video said: "He needs more practice."
Another said: "That split second you jump the corner, press the detonate button while realising no one is there."
One viewer said: "Practice makes perfect."
One said: "Maybe next time....﻿"
UK Defence Secretary Sir Michael Fallon has indicated operations around the de-facto capital city for ISIS will be “completed by spring”, the Daily Express reports.
Mr Fallon said: “I hope that isolation will be completed by the spring and then operations to liberate Raqqa itself can begin thereafter."
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Roman Abramovich is ready to start a £120million Chelsea spending spree with a fresh move for Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain.
Chelsea are determined to test Arsenal's resolve to keep Oxlade-Chamberlain with a £35m bid as they also target Virgil van Dijk and Danny Drinkwater.
Chelsea owner Abramovich seems prepared to back Antonio Conte after the club's poor start to the campaign following their defeat to Burnley.
But they are ready to try to change the mood and their interest in Oxlade-Chamberlain leaves Arsenal with a dilemma over whether to sell.
Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger has publicly insisted Oxlade-Chamberlain is not for sale despite having only a year left on his contract and the England star has made it clear he is not ready to sign a new deal.
(Image: Getty Images AsiaPac)
(Image: Reuters)
(Image: Getty)
They would not want to lose him to a direct rival but would fear losing him for nothing next summer but Chelsea see him as the perfect signing as he is young and English to boost their home grown quota.
They also want Southampton defender van Dijk even though the South Coast club are insisting privately that he will not be sold at any price.
Liverpool have also been in for van Dijk and the Dutch defender is keen to leave St Mary's with Chelsea ready to break the bank to get him.
(Image: PA)
(Image: Getty Images)
Chelsea are also in for Leicester midfielder Drinkwater having already had a bid of £15m turned down.
They are ready to make a much improved offer to try to pair up Drinkwater with N'Golo Kante which was the midfield partnership which won Leicester the title last year.
Chelsea fully expect to see movement on Drinkwater this week ahead of their showdown with Tottenham next Sunday with Conte desperately short of options after selling Nemanja Matic and Cesc Fabregas is suspended.
Chelsea captain Gary Cahill is now due to serve a three game ban after his sending off leaving Conte short in all departments.
But Chelsea is determined to address the issue quickly and back Conte with a huge spending spree.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
A budding children's author from Wirksworth had a brush with 15 minutes of television fame, when he was part of a team taking on BBC Two's resident Eggheads.
Daniel Henshaw, 32, was one of five authors from across the UK who travelled to Glasgow earlier this month to film an episode of the long-running quiz show.
Daniel released his second self-published work, The Curious Case of the Missing Organutan, in November 2017.
He said: “I went as the reserve in case anything happened to one of the first team, but it was a fantastic experience to be part of it.
“It all started as a bit of a joke between writers on Twitter talking about entering.”
The team featured Robin Stevens, Maz Evans, Lisa Thompson, Nick Oster and Mark Huckerby, who between them have racked up thousands of sales of young fans.
Robin is best known for the Murder Most Unladylike Mysteries, Lisa for the Goldfish Boy, Maz wrote Who Let the Gods Out, and Nick and Mark for the Defender of The Realm series.
Daniel, who self-published his first two books last year - The Great Snail Robbery and The Curious Case of the Missing Orangutan - found the chance to pick his colleagues' brains was as good as having his own picked on screen.
He said: “They are all really successful, award-winning authors, so it was fascinating to spend time with them. It was great to meet these other writers I admire and talk to them about their experiences.
“The only disappointing thing was that, during the episode, Jeremy Vine talked about their books a lot - so I missed out on getting a massive plug for mine.”
Despite not getting any screen time, Daniel did have to prepare in case he was called upon.
He said: “My grandad is a massive fan of the show. He watches religiously every day, so I used to see it quite often and knew what to expect.”
As a primary school teacher, Daniel has also accumulated a vast array of general knowledge.
He said: “In my job, you have to know a little bit about everything, and you're learning all the time.
“I love a good pub quiz, and was practicing a lot with my girlfriend and my brother in case I had to go on.”
He added: “I'm good on geography and movies, especially Oscar trivia, but not so good on politics - so I brushed up on all the past Prime Ministers.”
Although he was left on the sidelines, Daniel did make the most of his time in the studio.
He said: “I had a good look around, and I sat in Jeremy Vine's chair, just for fun.
“It was all very exciting, but the surprising thing is how much it looks the same as you see from home. I was expecting it to be much different, but there wasn't much going on backstage.”
There will likely be more surprises behind the scenes in Daniel's next book, a ghost story. In the meantime, he will be taking his first two tales of the lovable character Jeremy Green on the road.
Daniel said: “I'm really enjoying doing author visits to schools all across the region and running writing and drama workshops. I'll be visiting Tansley Primary School very soon.”
His first two books are available to buy online at https://goo.gl/td37Um.
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday said those who have looted the nation and the poor are now not able to sleep peacefully.
Addressing the nation from the Red Fort on Independence Day, he also said that those who own "benami" properties were facing difficult times.
"Soon after the Benami Act was implemented, the government has seized benami properties worth Rs 800 crore," he said.
He said his government had implemented the demand for One Rank One Pension (OROP) for military personnel after it had been kept pending for 30-40 years.
With IANS inputs
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A "resentful" husband strangled his ex-wife to death with her own scarf before stuffing her body in a suitcase and hiding it near a neighbour's house.
Ashwin Daudia, 51, killed mum-of-two Kiran Daudia, 46, after becoming angry she was making him homeless and had started seeing other men.
The couple, who had been together for 26 years, had divorced three years earlier and had sold their property to Mrs Daudia's sister, Preti Jethwa.
Kiran, who worked for retail giant Next, was reported missing on January 16 last year - the same day that the sale was due to go through.
(Image: Aaron Chown / SWNS.com)
(Image: SWNS.com)
(Image: SWNS.com)
A court heard how Daudia had probably strangled his former partner with her scarf before showing "remarkable coolness" by cleaning up the murder scene.
The factory machine operator stuffed the corpse into a suitcase, after initially picking one which was too small, and crammed her belongings into another before their 17-year-old son got home from college.
He then dragged the suitcase through the streets away from their home address.
Her body was discovered by a neighbour "trussed up" in the suitcase near their terraced home in Evington, Leicester, at 9.30am on January 17 last year.
Today Daudia showed no emotion as he was convicted of murder and jailed for life to serve a minimum of 18 years at Leicester Crown Court .
(Image: Facebook)
Her family have described the mum as "the backbone of the family, very kind, generous and angelic".
The trial heard the couple were paired together in an arranged marriage in India in 1988 and continued to live under the same roof after they divorced in 2014.
On the day she went missing, security cameras captured Kiran turning into her street at around 2.20pm after finishing her shift working as customer services advisor.
Prosecutor William Harbage QC said: "Within the next hour she was dead. The defendant was the only other person in the house.
"There was an argument between Ashwin and Kiran, there was a struggle in which he strangled her with some sort of ligature, probably her own scarf.
"Had this been some sort of domestic incident which had got out of hand and the defendant immediately regretted what had happened, one might have expected him to have raised the alarm and called for an ambulance or the police.
"He did nothing of the sort, instead showing a remarkable coolness in the circumstances, he tried to cover up what he had done."
(Image: Aaron Chown / SWNS.com)
Giving evidence, the dad-of-two claimed that he had "lost control" after his estranged wife had kicked him in the "urine area" and repeatedly swore at him.
Speaking through a Gujarati interpreter he claimed he banged her head on a bannister, before pressing on her neck with both hands.
He told the court: "Her scarf had come off from her neck, then I twisted the scarf on here [pointing at a photo of the banister], in the corner where the pole is.
"With my knee I pushed her down and I kept holding her very tightly and the scarf was wrapped around as well.
"With my knee I pushed her so she went down a little. She fell half down, so she was like hung."
(Image: SWNS.com)
He claimed that he had to use his own suitcase to hide the body, as hers was a "little bit too small".
He also said he removed her boots and tied her wrists and ankles together to stop them coming out and being seen.
Detective Sergeant Mark Wesley, who was part of the investigation team, said: “The evidence against Daudia was overwhelming, with CCTV work and forensic examinations helping us to build a strong case against him.
“He was solely responsible for the death of his ex-wife. Kiran had her family at the heart of everything she did.
“Through his own selfish, cowardly actions Daudia has ripped this family apart, leaving two doting sons without a mother and other family members distraught and struggling to get over the pain and heartache he has caused.”
Kiran's family released a statement which said: “Kiran was full of life, with a vibrant personality, a loving, caring mother and a very thoughtful daughter, sister and aunt.
"Her friendly and charismatic nature meant she had many friends.
"She was simply beautiful and loved having photographs taken. She was the backbone of the family, very kind, generous and angelic.
“We as a family cannot even begin to describe the loss and emptiness in our heart.
"Her perpetual smile will be missed everyday of our lives by everyone who knew her. Kiran had lots of dreams and aspirations which were untimely taken away by this demonic act.
"Life without her will never be the same."
Janine Smith, from the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS), added: "There was overwhelming evidence that Ashwin Daudia was not only responsible for Ms Daudia's death, but that he had intended to kill her.
"During the trial the CPS presented evidence to the jury that the injuries Ms Daudia suffered and the defendant's actions after her death were those of someone with intent to kill or do serious harm and were a calculated attempted to cover up his actions.
"My heartfelt sympathies are with Ms Daudia's family, especially her two sons, who have had to come to terms with so much.
"I hope that the conclusion of these proceedings will provide some closure for them."
On Tuesday night in front of an electric crowd at Yankee Stadium, the New York Yankees prepared for their Wild Card one-game playoff matchup against a gritty and tough Minnesota Twins team. The Yankees made their first playoff appearance since their 2015 Wild Card loss to the Houston Astros (I was there). The Minnesota Twins as a team has made the biggest improvement of any team this year becoming the first team ever to make the playoffs after losing 100-plus games the year before. Those two headlines were two of the few that added to what was a very entertaining game.
The Yankees sent out their young pitching ace Luis Severino, the Twins countered with veteran Irving Santana. In his first career postseason start, the first inning for the 23-year-old Severino pitched poorly as he was only able to record just one out in the first inning after giving up three runs, including two home runs. Manager Joe Girardi had to make a big decision and he made a few good ones starting with Chad Green. Green was able to get out of trouble for Severino. He pitched two innings in relief, striking out four batters. Green then was relieved by David Robertson, who threw 3 1/3 innings and striking out 5. After being down 3-0 in the first, the Yankees came back with three runs of their own thanks to the swing of shortstop Didi Gregorius. Left fielder Brett Gardner would hit a home run to give the Yankees the lead. The Twins would tie it up at 4, only for Yankee first baseman Greg Bird to knock in a RBI single to put the Bronx Bombers up 5-4. Yankee slugger Aaron Judge would open up the gates for the Bronx Bombers with his two-run homer, which then put them up 7-4. The team would add one more run on a bases-loaded walk. In the ninth, the Yankees turned to their closer Aroldis Chapman to seal an 8-4 victory.
The Yankees will now face the Cleveland Indians. A team many believe is the most complete in the playoffs, not to mention they did have a 22-game winning streak during the regular season. In seven games with the Indians this season, the Yankees went 2-5. One thing about this Yankee team is their bull pen is good, really good! In relief of Severino, the bull pen was able to piecemeal together 8 2/3 innings pitched, giving up five hits, one run and collecting thirteen strikeouts. The first game between the two teams in the American League Divisional Series will begin tonight in Cleveland.
Sports Notes: (NFL Football) The Jets are a surprising 2-2 this season after winning their second straight game versus the Jacksonville Jaguars. The team will head to Cleveland to face the winless Browns. There are currently four winless teams left in the NFL. Unfortunately, the New York Giants happen to be one of them. The team has lost their last two games on last-second field goal kicks. Quarterback Eli Manning and company will attempt to capture their first win again at home versus the Los Angeles Chargers, who will be trying to get their first win as well.
St. Peter's Church reminds all “God loves you…no exceptions” in Saturday's St. Patrick's Day Parade in downtown Gallipolis.
Members of the Gallipolis Shrine Club in Saturday's St. Patrick's Day Parade in downtown Gallipolis.
Members of the Ohio Valley Hiking Club hike through Saturday's St. Patrick's Day Parade in downtown Gallipolis.
Brownies and Girl Scouts march in the parade route in Saturday's St. Patrick's Day Parade in downtown Gallipolis.
Members of the VFW Post #4464 Color Guard begin Saturday's St. Patrick's Day Parade in downtown Gallipolis.
Holzer Health System goes “green” for Saturday's St. Patrick's Day Parade in downtown Gallipolis.
Gallia Sheriff Matt Champlin and special guests in Saturday's St. Patrick's Day Parade in downtown Gallipolis.
The Gallipolis T.A.S.C. float in Saturday's St. Patrick's Day Parade in downtown Gallipolis.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gareth Barry will join West Brom from Everton on Tuesday.
Goodison Park boss Ronald Koeman agreed to let the 36-year-old midfielder move after he told him of his desire to play week in, week out.
And that opened the door for Baggies chief Tony Pulis, who has been tracking the former England star all summer.
Barry, who has made 628 Premier League appearances, is on the brink of passing Ryan Giggs' record of 632.
And he will now be wearing West Brom's stripes rather than Everton blue when he does it.
Barry, who won 53 England caps, joined Everton from Manchester City in 2014 after a season-long loan.
He won the Premier League and FA Cup with City, and in the 2016-17 campaign he was voted Player of the Season and Players' Player of the Season at Everton.
The long-awaited final season of Hand of God will finally see the light of day in March.
Amazon on Wednesday announced that Season 2 of the Ron Perlman/Dana Delany drama will drop on Friday, March 10. In the final batch of episodes, Judge Maximum fights to restore his sanity and regain his freedom after spending much of Season 1 (which premiered back in September 2015) haunted by visions and the ghost of his son. Linda Gray (Dallas) and Nia Long (Lifetime's Beaches) join the cast, which also features Andre Royo (The Wire) and Garret Dillahunt (Justified).
RELATEDTransparent Creator's I Love Dick Gets Premiere Date at Amazon
The Hand of God pilot was initially released by Amazon all the way back in August 2014, while Season 1 dropped 13 months later. It quickly received a second season order, but was later cancelled by the streaming video service last summer.
Watch the trailer above, then check out the key art below.
Michael Meadowcroft makes an impassioned case against Targeting but the facts simply do not support his case.
In a First Past The Post electoral system good targeting of resources is essential whether you are a local party fighting Council elections or a national party looking to maximise the number of MP's elected. A good but widely spread vote wins little for a small third or fourth party. This was most clearly illustrated in 1983 when our 25.4% returned just 23 MP's compared to Labour returning over 200 MP's with a more geographically concentrated 27.5% of the vote.
Michael does concede that targeting worked in 1997 but says its effect was disastrous thereafter. In fact more seats were targeted in 2001 and we won 52 followed by 62 (our best since 1922) in 2005. In 2010 we targeted even more although we saw a net loss of 5 due to being too ambitious and spreading effort too thinly. At the same time, far from being ‘hollowed out' everywhere else, we won control of a greater number of councils than ever before –a clear sign of growth and expansion in campaigning capability.
In short the ‘hollowing out' of the Party between 2011-2017 owes nothing to targeting and everything to our virtually overnight self destruction shortly after entering Coalition. Neither of course was there ever some sort of pre-targeting ‘Golden Age'. From 1945 -1979 the Liberal Party fluctuated between a high of just 14 MPs in 1974 and near oblivion in many other General Elections. From 1983 onwards we averaged around 22 MP's. Only after serious targeting started did we double and then treble that figure.
Some comments, both by Michael and below the line, do both puzzle and concern me though. I was involved with target seats from 1995-2015 in one capacity or another as voluntary constituency organiser, PPC, MP and back to Constituency Organiser. I never heard any suggestion in that time that ‘no' activity should take place anywhere else although I did hear it rather foolishly being said in 2017. Indeed back in 1995 onwards there were 3 tiers of seats, with PPC's being urged to campaign at appropriate levels and in non target constituencies to include ‘helping in a target' as a ‘part' of their personal and constituency campaign/development plan.
Bar a tiny number of paid staff we are all volunteers. No one can order us to ‘do nothing' in our home area and go to a designated place. Indeed I would have thought that would be the best way to ensure that Liberals did the exact opposite. I was therefore astonished to hear of people supposedly being ‘disciplined' for not volunteering in a Target Seat in 2017. But then things started to go wrong circa 2013. Prior to that seats that were already campaigning to a high level were given help and professional advice as to how to improve and extend what they were doing in order to win. From 2013 onwards, as noted in the post election review, orders and messages were issued from on high and failure to be on message saw, for example, co-funding withheld.
However, bad strategy in very recent years does not negate the past success and the future necessity for [good] targeting.
* Paul Holmes was the MP for Chesterfield 2001-2010 and was a Lib Dem Cllr for 12 years.
John E Dunn has covered cybersecurity since 2003, long before anyone was worried. He was co-founding editor of industry title Techworld and security editor at Computerworld UK. Other editor stints included Network Week, Network World, LAN Magazine, Personal Computer Magazine, start-up title Tornado-Insider Magazine, as well as the usual blogs, freelance articles, glum appearances on BBC TV/Radio, and expert opinion for the magnificent CBC Canada.
Independent magazine for creative inspiration, free portfolios for creatives and worldwide collective of curated artists, designers and photographers.
All images on our website and magazines are copyrighted by their respective owners.
New York: New York Mayor Bill de Blasio on Monday called the explosion that rocked New York`s Port Authority Bus Terminal as an attempted terrorist attack.
"Let's be clear, this was an attempted terrorist attack. Thank God the perpetrator did not achieve his ultimate goals. Our first responders were there quickly and the only injuries we know of right now are minor," he said.
"We are a target because we prove a society of many faiths and many backgrounds can work, we show democracy can work. But we are the most resilient place on earth. We've proved it time and time again," Blasio added.
However, he maintained, "This is New York. Let us get back to work."
The New York City police commissioner James O' Neill too called the subway pipe-bombing a 'terror-related incident'.
He also said, “This is NYC, we don't live in fear. But if you see something suspicious you have an obligation to come forward and tell us.”
"If you have any information on this individual or incident we ask you call the Terror Hotline at 888-NYC-SAFE,” Neill added, addressing the press.
A bomb exploded at the start of Monday morning rush hour at the city`s transportation hub and a man was arrested as a suspect.
The explosion struck the Port Authority bus terminal at 42nd Street and Eighth Avenue near Times Square, injuring four people and filled the passageway with smoke, authorities said.
A man is in custody, the New York Police Department said in a tweet. He is among the four people suffering non-life-threatening injuries after the blast and is in Bellevue Hospital, as per media reports.
Update regarding explosion at 42nd St and 8th Ave, in subway: One male suspect is in custody. No injuries other than suspect at this time. Avoid the area. Subways bypassing #PortAuthority and Times Square Stations. Info is preliminary. pic.twitter.com/bEAdjq8mYc — NYPD NEWS (@NYPDnews) December 11, 2017
Update: A total of 4 injuries reported at the scene of an explosion at Port Authority. All injuries are non-life-threatening — FDNY (@FDNY) December 11, 2017
The bus terminal was temporarily closed, the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey said in a Twitter statement.
The Port Authority Bus Terminal (@PABusTerminal) has reopened, following police activity due to an incident this morning. Bus customers are encouraged to contact their carrier for the most current information regarding their operations.https://t.co/KyTwzC5w6H — Port Authority NY&NJ (@PANYNJ) December 11, 2017
A large swathe of midtown Manhattan was also closed to traffic, between 45th Street to 40th Street and 7th Avenue to 9th Avenue, police said.
The incident has occurred less than two months after an Uzbek immigrant killed eight people by speeding a rental truck down a New York City bike path, in an attack for which Islamic State claimed responsibility.
In September 2016, a man injured more than two dozen people when he set off a homemade bomb in New York`s Chelsea district.
(With AFP and Reuters inputs)
The death toll could rise further as rescue operations continue in the two countries, which are reeling from massive floods and landslides
Published 11:40 PM, August 13, 2017
KATHMANDU, Nepal – Monsoon floods and landslides have killed at least 74 people across Nepal and India but officials fear that figure could rise sharply as rescuers search for dozens believed lost under mud and in submerged villages.
Authorities on Sunday, August 13, upgraded the death toll from flash flooding across landlocked Nepal to 49 as the water kept rising, forcing thousands to flee for higher ground.
"Another 17 are missing. Search and rescue works are underway but the water levels have not declined yet," said Shankar Hari Acharya, the chief of Nepal's national emergency center.
The Red Cross estimated a higher death toll of 53, with dozens more missing and injured and thousands of homes destroyed.
In neighboring India, rescuers were desperately trying to reach two packed buses swept into a gorge by a landslide so powerful it destroyed an entire stretch of highway.
The coaches had stopped for a tea break around midnight Saturday, August 12, in Himachal Pradesh when tons of rock and mud cascaded down a mountainside.
Twenty-five bodies have been recovered from the accident site in the Himalayan state, said Sandeep Kadam, a senior official at the scene, late Sunday.
But dozens were still missing somewhere at the bottom of the ravine, with soldiers and rescuers working into the night to reach those beneath the mud and rock.
"Around 200 meters of national highway washed away with two buses and more than 50 feared buried," said Indian army spokesman Colonel Aman Anand, who was helping coordinate rescue efforts.
Heavy toll
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi extended his condolences and prayers for those affected by the accident.
"Pained by the loss of lives due to landslide-related accidents in HP's Mandi district," he posted on Twitter, using the acronym for Himachal Pradesh state.
The disaster followed days of heavy rain, which loosens the soil on steep hillsides and threatens villages at the foot of mountains every monsoon season.
Hundreds have died across India in torrential rain, floods, and landslides since the onset of the wet season in April.
In Nepal the toll from this year's monsoon – which typically lasts from late June until the end of August – has already eclipsed last year, with more than 100 people confirmed dead.
Last weekend in the central lowlands, 4 girls from the same family drowned when they fell into a flooded roadside ditch.
Nepal's weather department warned that heavy rain was expected to continue for another day, following days of torrential downpours.
"There isn't a house without water," said Raghu Ram Mehta, a resident of the southern district of Sunsari which has suffered 9 deaths, the highest of any district.
"Hundreds of families are taking shelter in local schools."
Footage aired on Nepali TV showed villagers wading through waist-high water with their belongings and using boats to reach higher ground.
Families perched on trees with young children overnight as flood waters swept away homes in a village in the southern district of Chitwan, local media reported.
In the popular jungle safari resort of Sauraha in Chitwan, hotels were forced to shift their guests to higher floors as water rushed in.
A hotel owner said they used elephants to transport tourists to the nearest open highway and airport to help them return to the capital Kathmandu.
Biratnagar airport in the eastern district of Morang was closed after being submerged in a meter of water, authorities at the international terminal said.
"I have already instructed authorities concerned to rescue flood victims, move them to safer locations, and immediately provide relief to them," Prime Minister Sher Bahadur Deuba said in a video recording Saturday. – Rappler.com
New Delhi: As more women go out to vote in India while their male counterparts stay home, Prime Minister Narendra Modi is shifting attention and planning a raft of women-focused policies before the 2019 national election.
Following the popular roll-out of cooking gas for rural families that frees women from smoky woodfires, Modi is pushing to outlaw so-called instant divorce in Muslim communities. He's also keen to reserve seats for women in Parliament and backroom consultations have begun, according to two people with knowledge of the matter.
“Women emerging as a vote bloc would be a crucial factor in deciding the election”, though there is no sign that they vote for a party that picks their issues, said Sanjay Kumar, director of the New Delhi-based Centre for the Study of Developing Societies. Yet, “there is a trend to mobilize them. There is greater thrust on women's issues by Modi's government.”
Women outnumbered men at polling booths in half of India's states in 2014, but a Pew survey conducted this year showed they were also more critical of Modi's policies, including his handling of rising prices, pollution and communal tensions. His choice of a Hindu monk to lead one of the worst states for women in India have also raised some eyebrows.
“Does his acolyte, Swami Adityanath, really care about the status of women?” said Sumit Ganguly, professor at the Tagore Chair in Indian Cultures and Civilizations at Indiana University, Bloomington, referring to the chief minister of Uttar Pradesh who has voiced -- among other views -- that women need protection, not independence. “Rank paternalism in much of” the ruling party's leadership is constraining Modi's ability to effect significant change, Ganguly said.
Goddess of power
In a country that worships goddesses and boasts several top women bankers, Modi rarely fails to evoke women when speaking at public platforms. At a recent global meet attended by Ivanka Trump, daughter and adviser of US President Donald Trump, he said women are the incarnation of Shakti—the goddess of power—and “vital to our development”.
However, India's gender gap ranking has fallen 21 places from last year mainly due to poorer political empowerment, healthy life expectancy, and basic literacy for the bulk of women, according to a 2017 report from the World Economic Forum. The rate of crime against women is little changed since Modi came to power in 2014, and the share of women in India's workforce is declining from what was already one of the lowest among emerging economies.
“In the arena of women's workforce participation India has moved backward instead of forward in recent years,” said Alyssa Ayres, senior fellow for India, Pakistan and South Asia at the Council on Foreign Relations. “This is not just an issue of equality, which of course it is, but one that can have a major impact on the country's prosperity.”
India's gross domestic product in 2025 would be 60% higher if women attain equal status at work than if it stays at current levels, according to McKinsey & Co.
Bridging the gap
Modi is trying the bridge the gap. His next plan is to make punishable the act of triple talaq, in which a Muslim man can instantly leave his wife by saying the word “talaq”—which means divorce—three times. Modi is also reviving the Women's Reservation Bill, the people said, asking not to be identified as they aren't authorized to speak to the media. The move, which proposes to reserve a third of the seats in federal and state legislatures for women, has been pending for close to two decades due to lack of consensus among political parties.
Ranjana Kumari, director of the Centre for Social Research, said she doesn't expect major opposition if Modi's administration revives the reservation bill.
“In a deeply patriarchal society, to change the mindset is not easy, but definitely not impossible,” said Nandita Das, an actor-filmmaker and social activist, whose movies have addressed topics such as sexual abuse and the caste hierarchy. “We are seeing that the tipping point has come when issues of women have finally, at long last, taken centerstage.”
Not everyone is as optimistic.
“Women are half of society, so focusing on them is critical,” said Nikita Sud, associate professor of Development Studies at the University of Oxford. “However, one individual cannot initiate progressive change for half a billion people.” Bloomberg
—With assistance from Debjit Chakraborty
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
They are the ultimate Big Brother love story.
So fans of the reality TV show will be delighted that Grace Adams-Short and Mikey Dalton have welcomed their newborn baby daughter, this week.
Announcing the news via Instagram on Saturday morning - just 24 hours after the birth - the couple posted a snap of their new addition and revealed her name.
They captioned it: "Baby Allegra Portia Dalton born on 2.2.18 #proudparents #familyoffive #gorgeousgirl ."
(Image: WENN.com)
(Image: grace_adams_short/Instagram)
They even added that she weighed 8lbs 3.
Naturally, the black and white image snap racked-up hundreds of likes from well-wishers and a slew of congratulations.
The couple first revealed they were expecting their third child in January.
Breaking the news on social media, a glowing Grace simply said "34 weeks," alongside a picture of her baby bump.
They already have children Georgina and Spencer together and Grace regularly shares pictures of her son and daughter online.
The most recent being a sweet family portrait taken at Christmas.
(Image: Instagram)
(Image: Instagram)
Impressively, they pair have been together for 12 years.
The first met on the legendary 2006 series of Big Brother alongside Imogen Thomas, Aisleyne Horgan-Wallace and Nikki Graham.
Four months later Mikey proposed and they got married in 2009.
Mikey currently owns his own advertising company while Grace runs a theatre school.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A football loving parrot could well be Northern Ireland's biggest and loudest fan - but he's been banned from all the games.
Kelo the African Grey parrot is the team's newest mascot and has been delighting football fans on social media with his chants for his favourite team.
Owner Linda Corry, from Belfast, said the three-year-old parrot had picked up on the chants from the family who are avid Northern Ireland fans.
"It has all just developed from talking to him at home and us coming back from matches, he has picked things up," she told Belfast Live .
"We are big time Northern Ireland fans and would go to the matches and he just hears us singing, he is very good at picking things up."
(Image: BelfastLive WS)
But after going viral with his chants on Facebook, Kelo has been told that he won't be able to go to any games due to health and safety reasons.
He was supposedly originally invited to Northern Ireland's World Cup qualifier against Germany last night but was later told by organisers that he wouldn't be allowed in to Windsor Park.
Linda said he has become an unofficial mascot for Northern Ireland fans since they watched his video.
"He is a geg," said the mum-of-three.
"He talks away all day with me and says all different things, he is fantastic.
(Image: BelfastLive WS)
"In the mornings the kids would open his cage and he would come upstairs and tap on the bedroom door and come into bed with me.
"He is a very entertaining part of the family. African Greys are very smart and he will huff as well, if I go away for the day the next day he will not come to my hand.
"He is a huffy boy sometimes."
The family are now getting used to Kelo's new found fame and are glad the rest of the country can enjoy his quirks.
To follow more of Kelo's adventures, follow the Facebook page Kelo the African Grey by clicking here .
As though the dislocation unleashed by demonetisation and the introduction of the GST were not enough, the government is moving ahead with an FRDI Bill. Photo: Mint
While it is accepted that governments in general are not as methodical or as strategic as private corporations, it is galling to see method and deliberateness applied for the wrong ends, even if the intent is not to malign and the apparent method and deliberateness happen to be accidental consequences of forces that have already been in motion. Let me explain. As though the dislocation unleashed by demonetisation and the introduction of the goods and services tax (GST) were not enough, the government is moving ahead with a Financial Resolution and Deposit Insurance Bill. The FRDI Bill has raised anxieties in the minds of senior citizens and to-be senior citizens who have the bulk of their savings in bank deposits. Another round of economic uncertainty is the last thing that this government should be unleashing before 2019.
The concerns are legitimate and the government's clarifications are deliberately vague. That sows doubt and distrust. If one were to steer clear of attributing malign and sinister motives, then it would be safe to describe the proposed legislation as a context-free “copy and paste” job from other countries. Plainly, it is sloppiness. What the depositors need to hear in simple English (that is because the language of law in India is English) is that their deposits are safe and will not be part of the “bail-in”. It should be part of the provisions of the Bill. There is more than one good reason to offer this clarification.
The idea behind resolving the failure of a financial institution is to ensure that it does not bring economic activity to a grinding halt, endanger the rest of the financial system and affect the innocent bystander, the taxpayer. For the most part, the resolution mechanisms in India have satisfied two of these three criteria despite periodic epidemics of non-performing assets in the banking system, the most recent of which is still untamed.
That the taxpayer shall not be on the hook to bail out failed financial institutions and the costs, if any, should be first borne by insider-stakeholders is sound, in principle. But, in any resolution, when the market value of the liabilities of the failed institution exceed the market value of its assets, the first hit is to the current equity-holders of the institution. In terms of the hierarchy of claims, they are the most junior. In the case of the Indian banking system, the predominant owner is the government and hence, the taxpayer. Hence, in the Indian context, the taxpayer is the first to be bailed in! In other words, the principle that the resolution mechanism shall protect the taxpayer is a non-starter. Therefore, before bailing in depositors, the government must climb down from its occupation of the commanding heights of the banking system. The idea that one can apply a so-called market-economy solution to a government-owned banking system is risible. The sequencing is wrong.
The second principle is that those who stood to gain from the banks' profitable expansion of assets and operations should be prepared to lose from its failures. That is why equity-holders are first in the list of those to be bailed in. Then come bondholders. To a degree, they participate in the upside. If banks perform well, their bond prices rise and they gain from trading them for higher prices and from the higher coupons they get for accepting junior and subordinated claims compared to secured and senior bondholders. The depositor is already short-changed by the high average inflation rate in the Indian economy. Second, banks are willing to cut deposit rates faster than they cut lending rates when interest rates go down. Finally, bank depositors have no participation in the upside. Hence, to bail them in is against fairness and natural justice.
Third, for creditors to bear the consequences of bank assets performing well, they should have a say in the creation of those assets through participation in the banks' governance.
Fourth, financial repression and the casino-like nature of stock markets (not just an Indian phenomenon) ensure that senior citizens and others unschooled (God bless them) in the ways of the capital market have limited options for safe financial savings. To induce doubts about the safety of deposits when financial systems are rigged against the unsuspecting investor is not fair either.
Fifth, the stated goal of the government to encourage the public to use banking channels for commercial transactions flies in the face of the anxiety that the Bill creates in the minds of depositors. How would the deposits of micro and small enterprises be treated? Will Jan Dhan Yojana become Jan Dead Yojana?
So, what should the government do? Resolution schemes and corporations are non-starters as long as the taxpayer is the dominant shareholder in the banking system. Fix that before considering this Bill. In the meantime, redraft clauses 52 and 53 of the proposed Bill. Make their provisions prospective and, even then, exclude depositors. If depositors have to be bailed in, the deposit insurance limit must be raised substantially.
In 2014, Bare Talk advised the then new finance minister (“The Fourth Challenge For The Finance Minister”, 26 May 2014 and “Stop The Task Forces, Mr Jaitley”, 6 October 2014) to constitute a new Financial Sector Legislative Reforms Commission with terms of reference that do not allow market fundamentalism to determine the fate of the Indian banking and capital markets. It is not too late.
V. Anantha Nageswaran is an independent consultant based in Singapore. He blogs regularly at Thegoldstandardsite.wordpress.com. Read Anantha's Mint columns here.
Comments are welcome at baretalk@livemint.com
Fairhope, Alabama PRIVATE COMPANY TO INSTALL FOR FIRST TIME After a controversy about how it was done last year, at its last meetin...
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Arsenal midfielder Mesut Ozil's week just keeps getting better.
After putting pen to paper on a new deal worth a staggering £350,000 a week a few days ago - he got to celebrate with his 'lucky charm' popstar pal.
Arsenal hosted a very special guest for their impressive 5-1 victory over Everton on Saturday afternoon as global pop star Rihanna watched on from the stands.
Straight after the match, the German uploaded a snap of himself and the 'Umbrella' star with the caption: "She knows which football teams to support."
Ozil later added on Twitter: "Still unbeaten with Riri."
(Image: Instagram/m10_official)
And that's because they first met in Brazil during 2014's World Cup final when Ozil's international pals beat Argentina 1-0 in the showpiece event.
Always one for a party Rihanna helped the Germany squad celebrate after they lifted the biggest trophy in football.
(Image: Twitter/rihanna)
(Image: Twitter/rihanna)
Back in London and Arsene Wenger handed a debut to Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and the Gabon striker made an instant impact playing a crucial role in the game's opening goal.
Aubameyang flicked the ball on to Henrikh Mkhitaryan who then delivered a brilliant cross for Aaron Ramsey to slot home.
Laurent Koscielny then doubled the host's lead before Ramsey got his second of the game.
Aubameyang then got a goal of his own, linking up with old friend Mkhitaryan just before half-time.
(Image: Catherine Ivill/Getty Images)
(Image: AFP)
(Image: CameraSport)
Wales international Ramsey then wrapped up Arsenal's victory in the second half by completing his hat-trick.
After watching the game from the stands, Rihanna then went to meet some of Arsenal's biggest stars, including her old Ozil.
Here'a hoping he wasn't a Rude Boy.
About 2:30 a.m. Monday, Dallas police responded to a shooting in the parking garage of the Gables Villa Rosa in the 2600 block of Cedar Springs. Two male victims were transported to the hospital and are expected to live. The suspect or suspects fled, police said.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Under-fire Home Secretary Amber Rudd faces a fresh grilling from MPs over the Windrush scandal.
The top Tory, who has faced repeated calls to quit over the fiasco, is set for a two-hour roasting in front of the Commons Home Affairs Committee.
Labour MP Stephen Doughty, who sits on the Home Affairs Committee, said: “It is becoming very clear that the shocking Windrush scandal is just the tip of an iceberg for a department and ministers in chaos.
“When you introduce an extreme set of policies while slashing budgets, it is lawful decent British people and those who have the full right to be here who suffer.
“It also begs serious questions as to how on Earth they will manage to register 3.5 million EU nationals for Brexit .
“The Home Secretary and officials will have serious questions to answer from MPs tomorrow - but where is the Prime Minister?
“She's in hiding attempting to divert from her own responsibility in pushing the policy to its extremes during her time at the Home Office.”
Ms Rudd has apologised for blunders which triggered heartbreaking confusion for hundreds of Caribbean migrants wrongly threatened with deportation.
(Image: PA)
She has promised compensation for those who suffered, as well as waiving fees and language tests for anyone from the Windrush generation who wants to apply for UK citizenship.
Ms Rudd admitted moves to curb illegal immigration had triggered “unintended and sometimes devastating” consequences for Windrush migrants who came legally between 1948 and 1973.
Leading Tory Brexiteer Jacob Rees-Mogg blamed “the state” for the scandal.
“The Windrush issue came about because the state put the interests of the collective ahead of those individuals who had come here perfectly legitimately prior to 1973, and that it was more convenient for the Home Office just to make them prove who they were and show their papers,” he told the Open Europe think tank.
“I do not believe that the interests of the collective allow you to crush individuals who may get in your way.”
Shadow Justice Secretary Richard Burgon told the Commons: “The Windrush scandal is one of the cruellest examples of unaccountable state power targeting the vulnerable, the defenceless and the innocent that I can ever remember.”
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Some of the biggest stars in showbiz flocked to Coachella's Neon Carnival over the weekend.
As the festival wound down on Saturday night following Lady Gaga's set, the party was just getting started at the bash which was a short bus ride away from the main grounds.
Festival goers were partying with the likes of Leonardo DiCaprio, Drake, Rihanna, Diddy, Jamie Foxx and Selena Gomez.
Supermodel Alessandra Ambrosio, French Montana, Tinashe, Aaron Paul, Joe Jonas, Nina Dobrev and more were also spotted enjoying themselves as DJ Ruckus played tunes at the Levi's sponsored event with Tequila Don Julio.
(Photo: Splash News)
Drake, who had joined Future on stage for a surprise performance earlier in the night, was hanging out with French Montana at a VIP table, while Selena Gomez - who was earlier spotted packing on the PDA with boyfriend The Weeknd - later joined the pair.
Rihanna, who was far from incognito in a sparkling ensemble and dark shades also holed up on a table with a magnum bottle.
(Photo: GETTY IMAGES FOR NEON CARNIVAL)
(Photo: Instagram/selenagomez)
Other party highlights from the festival include Kendrick Lamar's set that closed out the long weekend on Sunday night.
The star released his new album DAMN days before his performance and and fans were also treated to guest appearances from Travis Scott for Goosebumps, ScHoolboy Q for That Part, and Future to perform Mask Off.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The latest attacks involving cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin are outsmarting even the biggest tech companies around. Cryptocurrency miners are finding ways to piggyback the computers of unwitting web users, all in a bid to profit from the Bitcoin phenomenon.
Cryptocurrencies are digital alternatives to traditional currencies such as Sterling. They're not tied to any bank or national economy, and they're fiercely encrypted to offer security for online transactions. The value of currencies, the most famous of which is Bitcoin, has gone through the roof, and that's what incentivises groups or individuals to ‘mine' for them online - including via the horsepower of other people's computers.
This article was compiled by the experts at Which? Tech Support who offer friendly one-to-one tech and computing advice from Which?
How your PC can be cryptojacked
(Image: Digital Vision)
While browsing online, you might suddenly hear your laptop's fans whirring into life and your PC slows to a crawl. A security scan might show no malicious files hiding in your PC. The problem goes away, and you move on. And yet, when you next come back to that same website, the problem starts again.
The cause could be a type of malware that's very hard to detect. In fact, when used legitimately, this software isn't considered malware at all. What's going on?
This kind of slowdown and processor surging can be caused by a browser-based cryptocurrency miner. Recent examples - most notably one called CoinHive - have already affected website users all over the world. The miner can be secretly embedded into websites and even YouTube video ads - land on them, and it will begin running in the background straight away.
Best antivirus software - see the Which? recommendations and reviews for 2018
Mining for cryptocurrency
(Image: Getty)
The miner uses your computer (and many others) to mine cryptocurrency at scale. It's using your processor to solve fiendish mathematical problems that can only be carried out by a computer. Once the problems, or ‘hashes', have been solved, the owner of the miner gets a small amount of their chosen cryptocurrency deposited into their account.
The perpetrators typically dig up only a tiny amount of cryptocurrency. But, using other people's hardware (and the electricity it all runs on) costs even less. At scale, this can be a viable strategy for earning money.
The big problem is that software such as CoinHive can be inserted into practically any webpage without your knowledge. It's so hard to detect that in January it was found to be hiding in adverts displayed on YouTube.
The good news is that these miners don't try and steal any personal information, don't install any programs on your computer and don't try and fleece you with ransomware. They are, however, inconvenient, make your computer run slowly and will increase your computer's power consumption, costing you time and money.
Used with permission, CoinHive is not considered malware because it actually serves a purpose. But when used without permission, it is most certainly an unwanted piece of malware, as detailed in a blog post from leading antivirus firm Symantec.
Spot the signs of a Bitcoin miner
(Image: AFP)
It's normally quite easy to tell whether a cryptocurrency miner is running on your computer. When you visit an affected webpage, your computer will probably run more slowly, especially if you're using a laptop, and you'll hear your cooling fans whining more than usual.
If you're using Windows, you can use Ctrl + Alt + Delete to open the Task Manager. On the Processes tab, and find your web browser, you'll see that the CPU column might show a high percentage of usage.
This doesn't necessarily mean your PC is being used as a miner, since some websites can be very hungry for your PC's resources anyway, but it's certainly a clue.
Often, miners hide in adverts and in some cases these ads show up as blank space, so look out for white space where you'd expect an advert to be.
How to protect yourself
(Image: Getty Images)
We always recommend having antivirus software installed, be it free or premium. Although CoinHive has outsmarted a few security measures so far, the anti-malware experts are always evolving their products. More often than not, good security software should protect against this sort of exploit.
Also, check for any ‘pop-under' windows – these are like pop-ups, but they hide behind your web browser in the hope that you don't find them.
In addition, only visiting websites you trust is always sound advice, although, as we've seen above, even the most trusted websites on the web can fall foul of miners.
Which? tests anti-virus software on a regular basis. We use thousands of strains of malware and online nasties to find the antivirus packages that are good enough to protect your computer. Read our reviews to find out which AV package is right for you.
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this Pause
2:01 Winter weather forecast for North Texas
1:24 Tony Romo says he showed he can be the same guy
1:08 Man opens fire at DC pizzeria over fake news story
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America's Team?
1:35 Police Athletic League starts boxing program
1:12 Man's best friend also becomes man's best colleague
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
1:01 Fuel City opening in Haltom City
Chinese Ambassador Yao Jing has said that the members of those Baloch militant organisations that opposed the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC) are “not true Pakistanis”.
Jing, during an interview with BBC Urdu, said, “Baloch militants should look after the interest of the country and work towards its progress if they are true Pakistanis.” He assured that the Gwadar port would become one of the best international trading hubs after a marked improvement was witnessed in the security situation of Pakistan in the last few years.
The Chinese ambassador also said that Baloch militants did not pose a big threat to the CPEC project. He also expressed satisfaction with the Pakistani government for providing fool-proof security to Chinese nationals working in different parts of the country.
On December 9, 2017, around 70 Baloch militants surrendered to the state and laid down their arms during a ceremony which was attended by former Balochistan Chief Minister Sanuallah Zehri and Commander Southern Command Lieutenant General Asim Saleem Bajwa.
Article Tools Font size – + Share This
AMY MARCHIANO / STAFF WRITER Schuylkill County District Attorney Christine A. Holman talks about common scams Wednesday during a Saint Clair Senior Citizens Group meeting at Alert Fire Company No. 1, Saint Clair.
SAINT CLAIR — Schuylkill County residents on Wednesday learned how they can better protect themselves against those who wish to take advantage of them.
Schuylkill County District Attorney Christine A. Holman spoke about scams at the Saint Clair Senior Citizens Group meeting at Alert Fire Company No. 1 in the borough.
“A lot of us are being taken advantage of,” Natalie Yurickones, president of the club, said.
For example, she said, she received three phone calls recently from someone saying she owed money on a store credit card she did not have. Wisely, she didn't fall for the scam.
Holman covered topics including the “can you hear me now” scam, overdue utility bill scam, grandparent scam, mystery shopper scam and medical alert scam.
“These are all right in our own backyard,” Holman said.
The district attorney has also received scam calls. Recently someone left a message claiming they were from the Internal Revenue Service, saying she owed money and an arrest warrant would be issued. She said the IRS will not call on such a matter.
“No one is ever going to call you on the telephone and tell you they have a warrant for your arrest,” she said.
She warned the seniors to be vigilant. One way to be vigilant is to check monthly credit card, phone and utility statements for any unauthorized or unknown charges.
Scammers have been getting more crafty in their attempts to carry out illegal acts. For example, one scam involves the caller asking if the person on the other line can hear them. If the person answers in the affirmative, the “yes” can be recorded by the scammer and used to buy items. She said that while it may seem impolite to hang up on a caller, it can do more good than harm if it seems to be a scam.
Holman said if something sounds too good to be true, it usually is.
“More than likely, it's going to be a scam,” Holman said.
Home improvement scams are also common. Residents should be wary of anyone who attempts to pressure a homeowner into agreeing to repair, does not have references, isn't registered or can't provide other relevant information.
A grandparent scam involves a call claiming that a loved one needs financial help. Another scam involves the caller asking for identification verification for the medical alert system. Do not provide that information over the phone, Holman said.
Holman said that anyone with questions about possible scams or those who think they have been the victim of a scam can call the Schuylkill County District Attorney's Office at 570-628-1350.
Those who think they have been the victim of a scam should also contact their local police department.
Other resources include:
• Pennsylvania Office of Attorney General, 800-441-2555
• Pennsylvania Department of State, Bureau of Charitable Organizations, 800-732-0999
• Federal Trade Commission, 877-FTC-HELP
• Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, 855-411-2372
• Internet Crime Complaint Center, www.ic3.gov
• U.S. Secret Service, Harrisburg, 717-234-0214; Philadelphia, 215-861-3300; Pittsburgh, 412-281-7825; Scranton, 570-346-5781
• IRS, 877-829-5500
Contact the writer: ; 570-628-6028
MANILA, Philippines (AP) — At least 24 people died Tuesday when their bus apparently lost its brakes and plunged into a deep ravine in a northern Philippine mountain town, in one of the country's deadliest vehicular accidents in years, officials said.
The rest of the estimated 45 passengers were plucked by rescuers who struggled with ropes to descend down the ravine to reach the bus wreckage in Nueva Ecija province's Carranglan town, disaster-response officer Mark Raymond Cano told The Associated Press.
Many of the passengers had serious injuries and were taken to a hospital, he said.
Carranglan police chief Robert de Guzman said the bus from northern Isabela province was on its way to Ilocos Sur, a tobacco- and rice-growing region also in the country's mountainous north, when it crashed shortly before noon.
Advertisement
Poorly maintained passenger buses, inadequate road safety features and weak enforcement of local transport laws have been blamed for many vehicular accidents.
In February, a sightseeing bus carrying college students on a camping trip lost its brakes on a steep downhill road and smashed into a concrete electrical post in Tanay town in Rizal province east of Manila, leaving 15 people dead.
What a return! From 5-1 to 5-6. The best! Grigor beat Goffin 6-4 7-6(5). Good luck at the SFs! @GrigorDimitrov #monaco #montecarlo #montecarlorolexmasters #tennis #GD #grigor #dimitrov #grigordimitrov @ROLEXMCMASTERS pic.twitter.com/JIXmM8xFsV
(WKRG) — A young boy sitting with Santa is going viral on social media for his silent message to his mom.
Kerry Spencer posted a photo of her little boy sitting with Santa on her twitter, @Swilua. She writes, “We taught our baby sign language. This is the sign for “help.” You're welcome.”
The photo has received over 6,000 shares and liked more than 24,000.
We taught our baby sign language. This is the sign for "help." You're welcome. pic.twitter.com/i6NkxBf4KP — Kerry Spencer (@Swilua) December 5, 2017
People tweeted back to Kerry saying her son was ‘mispronouncing' the word. Kerry responded back acknowledging his sign wasn't perfect, but it is the sign he makes when he needed help.
Chesterfield Philharmonic Choir will be singing carols at the town's Crooked Spire Church.
The concert on Sunday, December 17, at 2.30pm will include Honley Male Voice Choir and organist Jonathan Scott.Carols with the Phil
Tickets £12 (adult), £6 (unemployed, full-time students), available on door or from 01246 566604 or Visitor Information Centre, Chesterfield, tel.01246 345777/8). Free admission for 16 years and under.
BOSTON (AP) — The jury in the trial of four Teamsters accused of threatening and harassing the cast and nonunion crew of the TV reality show “Top Chef” has told the judge there is one juror who is “assuming guilt over innocence.”
The note came on the third day of deliberations.
In his note back to the jury, U.S. District Judge Douglas Woodlock said presumption of innocence “is a cardinal principle of our system of justice.”
The Local 25 union members are accused of using strong-arm tactics in an attempt to extort jobs as drivers with union-scale wages. The show's host, Padma Lakshmi, testified that she was “terrified” when a Teamster confronted her outside a Boston-area restaurant where the series filmed in 2014.
Lawyers for the men say they were merely demonstrating against the nonunion crew.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
‘Give 110 per cent' is officially the most annoying phrase. Picture: iStock
‘Give 110 per cent' is officially the most annoying phrase. Picture: iStock
EVER caught yourself "giving 110 per cent" or "thinking outside the box"?
If so, you might be making your co-workers cringe.
New research suggests that seven in 10 workers are guilty of using the most cringe-worthy phrases at the office - with "give 110 per cent" the leading offender.
The study, conducted by OnePoll in conjunction with a company called Jive Communications, looked at the communication behaviours of 2000 American workers and compiled a list of the 40 most cringe-worthy office phrases.
And if you have ever "hammered it out" or "circled back" then you probably had many a co-worker roll their eyes after a conversation with you.
Ever stood at the water cooler and stumbled into a conversation between two colleagues? Then you've probably heard some uttering awkward phrases like "let's ballpark this" and "run this up the flagpole".
What about "synergy"? Ranked at 13, this is a word that many people at the office can't stand to hear.
While we've all gone "back to the drawing board", 27 per cent of workers can't help but shut down and stop listening when anyone feels the need to use that phrase at the office.
According to 72 per cent of workers, these annoying words and phrases are used out of habit.
However, that doesn't mean that there aren't token office jokesters who use cringe-worthy phrases at work to test their workmates.
In fact, 29 per cent of employees uses these phrases for this exact reason, while 22 per cent use them for assimilation purposes.
"We've all been guilty of using these phrases, whether out of habit or not," senior vice president of Jive Communications John Pope said.
"While many of these phrases are helpful in conveying a message, I think this study will open a lot of people's eyes.
"It will help many of us to think twice about overusing phrases in the office, as well as the best way to communicate with or motivate those we work with."
And even though six out of 10 people can't even understand some of these annoying phrases, it doesn't seem like this trend is going to be ending any time soon.
As a result, while you may not understand what someone means when they say "blue-sky thinking" or "boil the ocean", you might just have to get used to hearing these phrases more often than not.
"These phrases definitely aren't going anywhere anytime soon," Mr Pope said.
"There's a reason they're so well-known and exercised within office spaces. However, overuse has diluted the meaning of many phrases.
"If you're constantly told to give a project '110 per cent', over time it will lose its power and effect. Our goal should be to use such jargon sparingly, and when the moment calls for it."
The Top 40 most cringe-worthy phrases:
1. Give 110 per cent
2. Think outside the box
3. Hammer it out
4. Heavy lifting
5. Throw them under the bus
6. Don't count your chickens before they've hatched
7. Pushing the envelope
8. Let the cat out of the bag
9. Let's circle back
10. Win-win situation
11. Blue-sky thinking
12. Boil the ocean
13. Synergy
14. Low-hanging fruit
15. Take it to the next level
16. Barking up the wrong tree
17. Going forward
18. Let's ballpark this
19. Run this up the flagpole
20. Back to square one
21. There's no I in team
22. Back to the drawing board
23. Paradigm shift
24. Elephant in the room
25. Raise the bar
26. Drill down
27. Best thing since sliced bread
28. Deep dive
29. Skin in the game
30. Reach out
31. Touch base
32. Play hardball
33. Don't reinvent the wheel
34. Kept in the loop
35. The bottom line
36. Down the road
37. I'll loop you in
38. Hit the nail on the head
39. ASAP
40. Team player
This story originally appeared on Fox News and was reproduced with permission.
Let's Play
Interracial marriage historically was illegal in most parts of the United States, and in 17 states it was not only unlawful, it was dangerous. This bleak and disturbing part of our history continued until June 12, 1967. During this period couples of different races fought not only to love each other but to have the right to marry and start a life together– even if it went against the moral fabric of society.
“Guess Who's Coming To Dinner” is an American comedy-drama film produced and directed by Stanley Kramer, and written by William Rose; it is about interracial marriage and the battle against racism. The infamous movie starred Spencer Tracy, Sidney Poitier, and Katharine Hepburn, it also featured Hepburn's niece, Katharine Houghton.
This storyline that was ahead of its time has been said by some to have helped the anti-miscegenation laws struck down by the Supreme Court in Loving v. Virginia in 1967; this ruling invalidated laws prohibiting interracial marriage.
It was nothing short of an incredible story during a time of turmoil. It was also one of the few films of the time to depict an interracial marriage in a positive light.
Playwright Todd Kreidler decided to take on this classic story, “Guess Who's Coming To Dinner” because it was so thought-provoking that it still resonates today. His stage adaptation brings race relations up close and personal.
The story is set in the 1960s in San Francisco, where Matt and Christina Drayton (Tim Hopper and Mary Beth Fisher) live a modern White, upper-class life; they discover that their secure life is about to change suddenly. This change occurs when their daughter Joey (Bryce Gangel) returns home with a renowned Black physician name John Prentice (Michael Aaron Pogue). To make matters worse, she's only known him for ten days, and she intends to marry him. All of a sudden their longtime broad-minded values of fairness to all seem small-minded when challenged on the front-line with their ideologies.
The Draytons, who are professed liberals, instilled in their daughter the idea of racial equality and now find themselves in a difficult situation with personal questions about the future of their daughter and their family; and Joey and John aren't the Drayton's only surprise guests coming to dinner.
The acting in “Guess Who's Coming to Dinner” was great, but we loved the parts played by Sydney Charles as Tillie and Dan Waller as Monsignor Ryan. Charles almost stole the show with her portrayal of Tillie. She was amazingly funny with her spot on performance and Waller was equally brilliant. We have had the pleasure of seeing Sydney Charles in several performances, and she is an exceptional actress worth taking a serious look at as a Jeff Award Winner for her role as Tillie.
The play was a delightful and fun production that will make you want to seek out and see the original movie. Sure, it veered a little away from the original and added a few comments while updating a few characters' persona with a little wit, but it worked out tremendously well.
Just like the movie, this play provides us with this greater than life African-American man that is far above most men in his education and accolades. Dr. John Prentice is the perfect catch until you open your eyes. Is an average Joe with a blacker hue not enough? Our love for the movie and the play seems to always go back to that question.
Unfortunately, we still live in a world where both sides frown on interracial marriages between Blacks and Whites. Maybe one day, we can all sit down and look at the character of the person. We genuinely look forward to this dinner.
We highly recommended seeing “Guess Who's Coming To Dinner” at Court Theatre. Hopefully it will do a little more than entertain you.
The cast includes:
Sydney Charles (Matilda “Tillie” Banks)
Mary Beth Fisher (Christina Drayton)
Bryce Gangel (Joanna Drayton)
Tim Hopper (Matt Drayton)
Michael Aaron Pogue (Dr. John Prentice)
Rachel Sledd (Hilary St. George)
Dan Waller (Monsignor Ryan)
Jacqueline Williams (Mary Prentice)
Dexter Zollicoffer (John Prentice, Sr.)
Also On The Chicago Defender:
Kaspersky rejects claims it was directly involved and asks why didn't the NSA report the alleged flaw
Russian hackers reportedly used Kaspersky Lab security products in a a highly damaging theft of US National Security Agency (NSA) data.
The ‘Russian government-backed hackers' allegedly stole highly classified NSA secrets in 2015, after an NSA contractor put information on his home computer.
The Russians were reportedly able to steal information about the NSA's ability to penetrate foreign computer networks and its protection measures against cyberattacks.
NSA Hacked?
The allegations that the Russians were able to hack the NSA was reported by two newspapers, firstly by the Wall Street Journal, and then the Washington Post, both of whom citing several individuals familiar with the matter.
It seems that the NSA contractor had taken classified material home to work on it on his home computer.
According to the reports, his home computer was running Kaspersky's AV software, flaws in which apparently enabled the Russian government-backed hackers to see his files. This case apparently took place in 2015 and was not made public at the time. It is still being investigated by federal prosecutors.
The NSA has reportedly declined to comment on the breach but the contractor at the heart of this story is said to be a US citizen born in Vietnam working at the NSA's Tailored Access Operations, an elite hacking division of the NSA that develops tools to penetrate computers overseas to gather foreign intelligence.
The contractor was ‘removed' from his job after the hack was discovered, but he is not thought to have acted maliciously (i.e like a spy), although taking highly sensitive material home was unlikely to have been sanctioned by NSA officials.
Where there is no doubt is that the theft of the NSA data was highly damaging, as it apparently allowed the Russian government to more easily detect and evade US government cyber-espionage operations, thwart defensive measures and track US activities.
Do passwords have a future in cybersecurity? Yes
Yes, but as a first line of defence
No, but they should not be phased out yet
No View Results
Loading ... Loading ...
Fuel To The Fire
The alleged use of Kaspersky's antivirus software adds fuel to an ongoing dispute between it and the US government. The company's products are not allowed on systems belonging to the US Department of Homeland Security (DHS) and the US military amid national security concerns.
Kaspersky Lab for its part has always adamantly denied working with or for the Russian government and CEO Eugene Kaspersky has offered to give American authorities access his company's source code in an attempt to dispel rumours about ties to the Russian government.
“Kaspersky Lab has not been provided any evidence substantiating the company's involvement in the alleged incident reported by the Wall Street Journal on October 5, 2017, and it is unfortunate that news coverage of unproven claims continue to perpetuate accusations about the company,” a Kaspersky Lab spokesperson told Silicon.
“As a private company, Kaspersky Lab does not have inappropriate ties to any government, including Russia, and the only conclusion seems to be that Kaspersky Lab is caught in the middle of a geopolitical fight.”
Eugene Kaspersky himself has described the allegations as “sensationalist” and akin to the “script of a C movie.” In a blog post defending his company and its commitment to protecting users from cyberthreats, he said it would be impossible for any rogue employee to infiltrate the company without being noticed.
He said that Kaspersky Labs' internal security team, along with bug bounty programmes, aimed to find flaws in its software, acknowledging that software can have mistakes and that no security vendor can guarantee there are no issues.
But if there was a vulnerability in its code, Kaspersky asked why the NSA didn't report it when it was discovered.
“If we assume that what is reported is true: that Russian hackers exploited a weakness in our products installed on the PC of one of our users, and the government agencies charged with protecting national security knew about that, why didn't they report it to us?” he queried.
“We patch the most severe bugs in a matter of hours; so why not make the world a bit more secure by reporting the vulnerability to us? I can't imagine an ethical justification for not doing so.”
What do you know about cybersecurity 2017? Try our quiz!
This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here
RONSE, Belgium — May 15, 2018 — Textile finishing expert, Devan Chemicals, launched its brand-new, patent-pending Moov&Cool technology at Performance Days (18-19 April) in Munich. Detailed as a ‘cool comfort technology', the innovation has the potential to improve the athletic performances of both amateurs and professionals alike by regulating core body temperature.
Moov&Cool, Devan's latest textile finish, consists of a multi-functional polymer technology that absorbs heat during performance and improves the moisture management properties of the fabric. Applied by either padding or spray, the treatment targets and regulates core body temperature and simultaneously reacts to sweat build up and heat emission.
Devan's technology has been brought to life in an effort to boost the performances of athletes. The company collaborated with the University of Leuven (Belgium) and the Bakala Academy to evaluate and prove the finishing technology. According to Devan, the first results look promising as they have seen an effect on heart rate and lactate levels. Furthermore, the first test results also highlighted a decrease in core temperature of around 0.4°C.
Devan will continue testing in order to evaluate the impact of Moov&Cool when applied to different fibre types and fabric structures. The company aims to provide different application levels to optimise the benefits of the technology for individual sporting activities where performance intensity may play a major role in the protection required.
Posted May 30, 2018
Source: Devan Chemicals
BATON ROUGE, La. (AP) — Rep. Steve Scalise, the House's third-ranking Republican, is known as much for his backslapping, hearty embrace of the lighter side as he is for his rock-solid conservatism and allegiance to the GOP.
Scalise is in critical condition following surgery, the hospital said, after being shot in the hip Wednesday during a GOP baseball practice in Virginia. The shooting stunned his home state and rocked the halls of Congress.
Nationally, Scalise is the party-line vote-getter for House Republicans and a fierce proponent of the GOP health care law. Back home, he's the kid from the Italian family who's become one of the most powerful men in Congress while remaining rooted in Louisiana.
When he campaigned for his leadership job, Scalise handed out commemorative baseball bats and served up a Cajun dinner.
An international report has used Winston Peters' rhetoric as an example of hostilities that Muslims face in New Zealand.
Washington's Pew Research Center confirms New Zealand's religious freedom. It functions without government interference. But some Muslims face social hostility.
It quotes a 2016 US State Department report on religious freedom. The report quotes Peters saying certain countries, “treat their women like cattle.” It says he said that every immigrant should be interviewed to screen their attitude before entering the country.
At the time Peters denied that he was referring to Muslim countries specifically.
The Pew group's research covers religions in 198 countries.
It finds that 83 countries officially restrict religions. The figures apply to 2016, the latest available.
The report says official restrictions vary. They include laws, policies and actions by officials against religious beliefs and practices.
In 2007, it found 58 countries officially restricting religions.
Worst countries
In the latest report, governments most hostile to religions were those of China, Iran, Indonesia, Russia and Egypt.
In social hostilities, the worst were India, Nigeria, Egypt, Bangladesh and Russia.
While in Asia, Christians felt the hostility, in New Zealand it was Muslims.
Europe and the USA mirror the social hostility found in New Zealand on a larger scale. It notes the increasing European nationalistic rhetoric as singling out Muslims.
As a result of nationalism, Pew found discrimination against Muslims in Australia. It says nationalist groups in Melbourne prevented Muslims from building a mosque.
Pew Research found harassment against Christians in 144 nations, much as Muslims faced it in 142.
Meanwhile, across the globe Christians, Jews and Muslims all faced hostility.
It seems in India, extreme Hindu groups tried to stop people eating meat because they claim it's an affront to Hindu gods. In some cases they beat or killed their victims.
This is the ninth year that Pew has produced its report.
Sources:
Image: Pew Center
News category: New Zealand.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ryan Giggs insists he will have no fear playing kids for Wales after his own ­stunning emergence as a teenager at Manchester United, writes James Nursey in Nanning .
The new Wales boss is preparing for his first game in charge of his country in the China Cup against the hosts here on Thursday.
It will also be the Old ­Trafford legend's first game in permanent, full-time management.
He has previously been a coach at United under David Moyes and Louis van Gaal from 2013-2016.
Giggs took charge of United's senior side for four games in April 2014 when he gave debuts to Tom Lawrence and James Wilson against Hull after Moyes was axed.
(Image: Getty)
He also helped coach ­Marcus Rashford, who made his debut in 2016 under Van Gaal after Anthony Martial got injured in the warm-up.
Giggs says he will ­always give youngsters a chance after making his United debut aged 17 in 1991 before going on to be PFA young player of the year twice.
Asked if he had any ­reservations about playing kids, Giggs said: “No. That is what I had, and even in my four games at United I gave Tom Lawrence his debut and James Wilson. I am not afraid to do that. I see it in training and then I want to see if they can do it on the pitch.
“It has never been a problem for me giving young players a chance.
(Image: AFP/Getty)
“Look at Marcus ­Rashford, I have seen him ­develop and he got a chance when someone got ­injured in the warm up.
“When I got my chance it was Lee Sharpe who got injured. I couldn't see a way into the first team. Sharpey had won PFA young player of the year and he was playing for England. I was thinking he is in my position.
“You get a bit of ‘Unlucky for Sharpey, lucky for me', but you take that chance.
“That is up to the young player – you give them a chance and they have to take it. The easy bit is getting in the team, the hard bit is staying in it.”
(Image: Daily Mirror)
Giggs was one of the ­Manchester United youngsters Alan Hansen was talking about in 1995 when he said “you can't win anything with kids.
Alex Ferguson's youth ­brigade of Giggs, Gary Neville, Paul Scholes, Phil Neville, Nicky Butt and David Beckham went on to win the league that ­season and Giggs ended up winning 13 Premier League ­titles, two Champions Leagues, four FA Cups and the League Cup three times during an ­incredible 24-year playing ­career.
Now as a boss is he excited about working with young Welsh talents in future such as David Brooks, Ben Woodburn and Ethan Ampadu.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Only Woodburn has travelled to China but Giggs believes their emergence can also help the senior players.
His advice to kids breaking through is: “Don't try to change anything - do exactly what you have been doing in your short life in your career and in the youth team.
“Young players as well as older players can give you that inspiration.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
“You go from getting a little bit of time on the ball in training to you have to up your game and you can't take two or three touches because they are on you, they are aggressive and you are looking over your shoulder — 'He is after my position' — so you need to raise your game.
“That is what I want to emulate, that competitiveness in training.
“From the feedback I have got off Osian Roberts, that is the case when Brooks came in, Woodburn and Ampadu in the last squad. That is good to hear and I want to keep that going forward.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak has spoken out about the future of the company, and predicted it'll be around for many years to come.
He likened the iPhone maker to IBM, suggesting it will be around for over a century.
"Apple will be around a long time, like IBM (which was founded in 1911)," Wozniak said, according to USA Today .
The Woz was giving a speech ahead of the Silicon Valley Comic Con event in which he was predicting what the technology scene would look like in 2075.
(Photo: Getty)
And it appears Apple will still be churning out iPhones.
"Look at Apple's cash ($246.1 billion, as of the end of its last fiscal quarter). It can invest in anything. It would be ridiculous to not expect them to be around. The same goes for Google and Facebook," he said.
As well as touching on Apple, Wozniak also suggested that technology would step in to help future humans deal with their health. Eventually, they may even replace doctors.
“Medical devices will enable self-diagnosis and doctor-free prescriptions,” he said.
(Photo: Reuters)
“The question will be ethical on whether we can eliminate the need for physicians.”
And, naturally, there's always the chance that we could get in touch with creatures from other worlds.
“There is a ‘random chance' that Earthlings will communicate with another race. It's worth trying but I don't have high hopes," Wozniak said.
Steve Wozniak co-founded Apple with the late Steve Jobs in 1976 but left the company in 1985, although he remains a shareholder.
A 40-YEAR-OLD man maintained his innocence in charges that he abducted and raped a four-month-old baby in Barangay Perrelos, Carcar City last Feb. 9.
Jonathan “Jojo” Marfe pleaded not guilty to criminal cases of kidnapping and serious illegal detention and statutory rape before Judge Ester Veloso of the Regional Trial Court Branch 6. Both cases are non-bailable.
The Office of the Carcar City Prosecutor indicted Marfe for statutory rape and kidnapping and serious illegal detention.
“After perusing all the evidence presented by the complainant, the undersigned finds sufficient basis to establish probable cause that the crimes were committed and that the respondent is probably guilty thereof,” Prosecutor Anabelle Robles said in the inquest resolution.
Marfe denied the allegations, saying he went home to join his live-in partner when the incident occurred.
But Robles said that physical evidence exist pointing to Marfe as the perpetrator of the crime.
“His actuation on that morning of Feb. 9, 2017 were testified to by witnesses, and the investigation of the police officers cannot be doubted,” she said.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
If you want to get fit, lose weight or keep track of your daily steps, a wearable activity tracker may be what you're looking for – and there are plenty of cheap Fitbit alternatives out there.
Track how far you've walked, calories burned and even heart rate to help motivate you to take the stairs over the lift.
The latest batch of affordable trackers offer options to help parents track their kids' health, head-worn gear that measures heart rate, and advanced sleep trackers that even help to rest.
These are the best budget activity trackers for 2017.
Track activity including swimming and running automatically as the Flex 2 recognises varying movements – that includes going to sleep too.
Get steps, calories burned, distance, active minutes and more all sent to your phone automatically. The Flex 2 will even remind you to move when you're inactive for too long.
Your connected smartphone notifications appear on the wearable thanks to vibration and LED light alerts which vary for calls and texts. All that should keep going for a full five days before needing a charge.
While the Misfit Ray is designed to look good, its aircraft grade annodised aluminium body is tough too. This wrist-worn tracker will measure swimming as well as the usual steps, calories and distance of daily activity.
The Ray connects to your phone to offer vibrating and light-up LED alerts plus its removable battery will last up to six months. There's also a button that can be set to control connected devices.
The child-friendly activity tracker uses a tough rubberised design with swim friendly build and one-year battery life.
All that means the Garmin Vivofit Jr. lets parents strap this to their little ones without worry. Monitor steps, sleep and even set goals using the connected smartphone app.
Thanks to a shared app, parents can give virtual rewards that the children receive in their version of the app – there's even an adventure trail game to be unlocked. Parents can also assign tasks from the app so children are reminded of their job for that day.
When it comes to sleep tracking, Jawbone offers more than most. Not only will the UP3 track light, deep and REM sleep but it'll measure heart health too.
All that is then used to offer relevant scientific research that will help you use tips shown on the app to sleep even better in the future.
The UP3 also tracks steps, distance and calories plus it'll auto track exercise, let you log food and uses a smart alarm that wakes you naturally when you're at the height of a sleep cycle.
(Photo: Withings)
For the more affordable trackers this offers a treat – a screen. That lets you quickly see your activity progress thanks to tracking of steps, distance, calories and more displayed on the low power E Ink display. As a result you get a hefty eight months before needing to swap out the cheap battery.
The Go can be worn on the wrist or clipped onto clothes or even thrown into a bag. Clip it to you at night for comfortable sleep tracking then view it all in the Health Mate app the next day.
(Photo: Moov)
The Moov HR offers a novel way to measure heart rate more accurately by sitting under a headband. This, the company claims, is the most accurate way to track heart rate, and when worn under a swim hat or sweat band offers a great discreet tracker.
The Moov HR also tracks steps, distance and calories burned. The free app offers smart coaching exercises you can follow as if you have your own robotic personal trainer who keeps you in the perfect heart rate zone for progress.
The MZ-3 is a chest-worn heart rate strap which can connect to multiple devices. That means you can train anywhere using your phone but go into a gym and it'll connect to machines too.
You can even join in with group classes where everyone's heart rate in shown on screen – keeping competition fair based on fitness ability.
This clip-on wearable takes running tracking to the next level. Track metrics like cadence, bounce, braking, pelvic drop and rotation for a detailed analysis of runs to help make improvements. It'll even offer pre- and post-run exercise recommendations personalised to performance.
The Lumo Run can be used without a smartphone but if you want running data like location and pace you'll need that too. The waterproof wearable lasts for 20-hours of run tracking or seven days on stand-by.
(Photo: Mi)
Despite the lower and low price the Xiaomi Mi Band 2 features step tracking, a super clear low-power OLED display, dedicated button control and even heart rate tracking.
The wearable automatically knows when activity has started and will vibrate to get the wearer moving if too stagnant.
The vivofit 3 features a backlit screen for clear feedback on steps, distance, calories burned, intensity minutes, time of day and more.
Vibration alerts keep the wearer active while automatic sensors record activities for a detailed view in the app later – all synced wirelessly and automatically.
The one-year battery life and waterproofing to five metres should mean this tracker rarely needs to be taken off.
The Fire Brigades Union (FBU) has announced plans for a public demonstration to voice its opposition to proposed staffing changes in Matlock.
Union members will be at Park Head in Crown Square on Saturday, February 10, starting at 10.30am to call attention to a public consultation by Derbyshire Fire and Rescue.
It asks residents to consider three options, which would all reduce the number of full-time firefighters at Matlock as part of changes to what are called duty systems.
FBU Derbyshire secretary Chris Tapp said: “We know all three proposals increase risks to the public, and to firefighters attending incidents.
“Response times will increase and members of the public will have to wait longer.
“The union can't let that happen without stating our opposition. Hopefully people will complete the consultation and oppose the plans with us, standing up for public safety.”
According to the consultation documents, service managers predict no change in response times.
Mr Tapp added: “We feel the current system is the most effective, and have raised our objections, but they have put three options forward which would all mean cuts.”
Fire bosses say the consultation has been prompted by a need to achieve a further £1.6million in savings by 2019-20, but the FBU dispute both that argument and the means to achieve it.
Mr Tapp said: “We've had reviews of operational cover across the county, and Matlock and Glossop are the two most efficient and effective stations in terms of cost to the authority and the taxpayer. They provide cost effective 24-7 cover, 365 days a year.”
He added: “The authority say they need to save £600,000 from frontline response, but we don't think that's accurate or fair. The financial forecast is changing and these cuts are unnecessary.
“We are looking at an increasing budget coming into Derbyshire, and are already making huge savings with the number of vacancies being left unfilled. We're chronically undercrewed.”
The union has also suggested that the changes are motivated by plans to sell crew housing on the station site.
Chris said: “It's short term thinking which will lead to the sale of long term assets. It doesn't make good business sense and would have hit firefighters who have families and are part of the community.”
He added: “We would encourage the public to ignore all three options and use the free text boxes in the consultation to say what is right for a service which they are paying for.”
For details of the consultation, visit www.derbys-fire.gov.uk/have-your-say.
Derbyshire Fire & Rescue did not respond to requests for comment.
3 injured in early morning school bus accident
Three people were taken to the hospital with minor injuries after an EISD school bus left the roadway and came to rest in a ditch just after 6:30 a.m. Tuesday morning near Alma.
Get the details on this story and more in Tuesday's edition of The Ennis Daily News…
Comments
comments
OTTAWA — A private member's bill aimed at ensuring Canada's laws are in harmony with the United Nations Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples has earned the approval of the House of Commons.
Bill C-262, introduced by New Democrat MP and reconciliation critic Romeo Saganash, won the support of MPs by a margin of 206 to 79 and is now en route to the Senate.
Saganash was among the original architects of the UN declaration, which was adopted by the General Assembly in September 2007.
Saganash says he believes his legislation is the most important bill Parliament has considered in a long time.
U.S. Rep. Rodney Davis says he was satisfied with President Donald Trump's original comments about the race-fueled violence in Charlottesville, Virginia, on Saturday.
But the Taylorville Republican said he's glad the president expanded his remarks Monday, specifically condemning the KKK, neo-Nazis and white supremacists.
“And that's where we have to come together as Americans and stop this hateful vitriol, stop this hateful rhetoric, that's become part our political discourse. What we saw in Charlottesville should not be something we see anywhere else. And we've got to stand together as Americans to make that happen," Davis said.
Rep. John Shimkus of Collinsville echoed Davis' remarks. The two downstate Republicans spoke Monday afternoon, as they toured the Hudson Technologies plant in Champaign.
Meanwhile, Rep. Darin LaHood, R-Peoria, issued a statement on Charlottesville.
"Hate and bigotry have no place in any of our communities across America. The senseless acts of violence out of Charlottesville today should be condemned in every sense of the word. My prayers go out to the victims of today's awful attack and it is my hope that our country can come together to heal any sense of division we may have," LaHood said on Facebook.
WGLT depends on financial support from users to bring you stories and interviews like this one. As someone who values experienced, knowledgeable, and award-winning journalists covering meaningful stories in central Illinois, please consider making a contribution.
Karachi Mayor Waseem Akhtar on Monday alleged the Sindh government was ignoring him in key decisions regarding the city.
Akhtar visited Shahrah-e-Faisal and reviewed development work underway. On the occasion, Akhtar talked to the media and criticised the chief minister (CM) for chairing a meeting of the apex committee today without asking him to participate.
He alleged the government for ignoring mayor's take on development projects in Karachi. Waseem Akhtar called for efficient policies and steps to restore peace and stability in the metropolis.
Photo: Mark Seliger
By Scott T. Sterling
Shery Crow has shared a new song, “The Dreaming Kind,” a tribute to victims of the Sandy Hook school shooting.
Related: Sheryl Crow Releases ‘Halfway There' Music Video
“The tragedy in Newtown 5 years ago and the countless lives lost in mass shootings since have weighed heavily on my heart,” Crow said of the song. “I felt compelled to write ‘The Dreaming Kind' for the incredible people at Sandy Hook Promise who work so hard every day to combat gun violence. The extraordinary work this organization does to educate and protect our nation from further bloodshed gives me hope for a better tomorrow. I hope this song will inspire the same feeling in those who hear it.
“Sandy Hook Promise is a national nonprofit organization founded and led by several families whose loved ones were killed at Sandy Hook Elementary School on December 14, 2012. In just 3 years, Sandy Hook Promise has trained over 2.5 million youth and adults across all 50 states with its evidenced-based Know The Signs gun violence prevention programs. The four programs – which include Start With Hello, Say Something, Signs of Suicide and Safety Assessment & Intervention – are offered free to schools and youth organizations across the country. These programs have helped stop multiple school shootings, suicides and other acts of violence, as well as reduced incidences of bullying and helped many young people get the mental health services they need.
“Every $1 you donate helps Sandy Hook Promise train one student or adult how to Know The Signs of individuals at-risk of hurting themselves or others and take action to get help. By training two-generations of Americans, we are creating a culture engaged in preventing gun violence, resulting in saving more lives and keeping our schools and communities safe, nationwide. Thank you so much for your support.”
Crow performed the song on Good Morning America today (Dec. 11), sharing the stage with her 12-year-old niece, Ava Crow, 12, who also appears on the studio version of the track.
“She's still very innocent and very wide-eyed. Her voice is pure and very touching,” Crow told People. “She came over, she sang it four times and it was perfect.”
Watch the music video for Crow's new track below.
New Delhi: One of the top most actors in Bhojpuri cinema, Ravi Kishan is back with a power-packed role in upcoming film 'Sanki Daroga'. The film has been directed by Saif Kidwai and is made under the banner of Ravi Kishan Productions.
'Sanki Daroga' shows Ravi in a tough cop's role play. The movie addresses the grave issue of rapes in the country. The superstar took to his Twitter handle and unveiled the first look poster of the film. The story of the film is also penned by the lead actor and it stars Bhojpuri 'hot cake' Anjana Singh opposite Ravi Kishan.
Check it out here:
Ravi Kishan is a popular name in Bhojpuri cinema and has worked in several Bollywood films as well. He was recently honoured with the Bhojpuri Ratna Samman at the Screen and Cine Bhojpuri Awards held at Kolkata. He had even participated in popular reality show 'Bigg Boss' season 1 where he was the most talked about contestants that year.
Many Congratulations @ravikishann on winning the best actor award at the #JharkhandInternationalFilmFestivalAwards for #KaashiAmarnath pic.twitter.com/dnEtfCDQZs — Purple Pebble Pictures (@PurplePebblePic) May 30, 2018
Recently, he was given the 'Best Actor Award' at the Jharkhand International Film Festival for 'Kaashi Amarnath'. The film was made under the production house of Priyanka Chopra, Purple Pebble Pictures.
How do you like the first look of 'Sanki Daroga'?
A A
CLEVELAND (AP) — Debris washed ashore near an airport where a plane carrying six people took off shortly before it vanished over Lake Erie near Cleveland, the city said Sunday.
Authorities received multiple reports of debris washing ashore east of Burke Lakefront Airport, where the plane departed late Thursday. Police also investigated a bag found earlier Sunday.
The debris had not yet been verified as coming from the missing plane, authorities said.
John T. Fleming, chief executive of a Columbus-based beverage distribution company, was piloting the plane. His wife, Sue, their two teenage sons, Jack and Andrew, and two neighbors were also aboard.
The aircraft was headed to Ohio State University Airport, northwest of downtown Columbus. The plane suddenly lost altitude about 2 miles out during a scheduled return trip to Columbus, according to a flight-tracking service.
Fleming's father has said the family and friends had been attending a Cleveland Cavaliers basketball game.
The Coast Guard began searching by air soon after the plane's disappearance. High waves and blustery conditions kept smaller boats from deploying Thursday night. A 140-foot Coast Guard cutter joined a search that covered 128 square miles of the lake on Friday.
Weather and water conditions didn't allow for recovery efforts to begin Saturday, but crews searched for the plane until darkness Sunday and planned to return Monday morning, weather permitting.
Dive teams are ready once the plane is located.
The mayor's office says four boats are equipped with sonar that can track underwater images and are searching a grid near the plane's last known location. A fifth boat is surveying the shoreline for debris that may have washed ashore.
The Federal Aviation Administration and National Transportation Safety Board continue to investigate.
TRUE legends give it their all in the rain and the mud, like today's players at the Legends of League.
Head to the Tewantin Noosa Pirate Fields to get amongst all the action of Noosa's top rugby players going head to head against Maryborough teams, before the main event tonight - Australian all stars versus Noosa all stars.
Some of Australia's best League players will go up against Noosa's legends, kicking off at 7.30pm.
NRL greats such as Prince, Civoniceva, Matua and Goldthorpe will have to dig deep if they wish to remain unbeaten against a crack Noosa Pirate side, made up of the 2008 Premiership Team.
Players the calibre of Zipf, Fitzgerald, Haslam and a host of others will show what it takes to be a Noosa Pirate.
There's a bar, hot food for sale and places to sit undercover, so don't miss this family fun event.
RAWALPINDI: The National Accountability Bureau (NAB) finalised a reference on Wednesday against Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) leader and former Sindh chief minister Liaquat Ali Jatoi.
According to sources, Jatoi is wanted in an ongoing reference pertaining to illegal appointments in Alternative Energy Development Board (AEDB) along with former prime minister Shaukat Aziz.
The former chief minister has already been granted bail before arrest by a high court, however, the accountability bureau will challenge the high court's decision for granting bail to Jatoi on July 12 in the Supreme Court.
In May, NAB chairman retired Justice Javed Iqbal had ordered the bureau to file a reference against Jatoi and Aziz over a case of alleged misuse of authority.—INP
The Joint Ministerial Council (JMC) meeting in London has wrapped up and once again pressure from the UK for the OT's to create a public registry mounted.
We managed to dodge another bullet, as Financial Services Minister Hon. Wayne Panton discusses.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Email
Print
By on
Libraries have long benefited from major donors that infuse dollars as well as strategic perspective at key junctures. The John S. and James L. Knight Foundation has stepped into that role with signature energy, most clearly illustrated by the Knight News Challenges, including two focused on libraries. By their very nature these call on libraries to speed new ideas to address big needs, and the robust response from the library arena has surfaced and celebrated a range of creativity.
Now the foundation has stepped up again at a critical moment, offering libraries more support via a new report on library innovation, plus funding to move forward five projects to the tune of nearly $1 million.
“Developing Clarity: Innovating in Library Systems” is based on deep dive conversations with 25 library leaders and others in the field. It explores the ability of libraries to innovate effectively and identifies barriers. It is also a tool to focus dialog around how to make our organizations and our personnel more capable of the work needed to refresh approaches and invent new ones.
LJ associate news editor Lisa Peet was one of the 25 people tapped to construct the paper. Her thinking about the origins of effective innovation was informed by her experience as a judge for the second Knight library challenge and the discussions convened around that. It comes down to thinking of innovation as an ongoing practice, not a single act of inspiration.
“There is a sort of top-down and bottom-up wish list in the report,” says Peet. “How library leaders view making change happen but also how to influence that among staff, inspire them, and get them to work for the greater good.” This, she adds, means the field may just need to “find a middle ground where theoretical thinking will mesh with the reality for the people on the staff.”
“Getting someone to think out of the box is kind of counterintuitive. Administrators don't always know how much time innovation takes. It is work,” Peet says. “You have to show up and, when you show up, be engaged.”
Knight, she noted, wanted her in the conversation because she talks to librarians. “For all the people I have interviewed who had great ideas, none of those ideas came in a blinding flash of inspiration. They came slowly, with boots not only on the ground but in the mud,” she says. “Coming up with the ideas involves being present, all the time.”
This leaves Peet with clarity of her own about what libraries need in this regard. “The only way to encourage innovation is to set people up to do their jobs and give them wiggle room to have ideas and provide a place to take those ideas at every stage.” In short, give them skills, time, and a functional process that supports development. That, of course, means resources. By releasing “Developing Clarity” in tandem with a round of funding, Knight reinforces its commitment to advancing the field.
“At a time of rising distrust of institutions, echo chambers, and concerns about the accuracy of information, libraries are more essential to American democracy than ever before,” said John S. Bracken, Knight's VP for technology innovation, in a March 30 statement. “The projects and research we're supporting today aim to advance this goal.”
Each funded project holds promise for replication and scalability—from the $250,000 to MIT for a residency program pairing public libraries and the university's Media Lab to the $35,000 for the Southwest Harbor Public Library, ME, to use data visualization to make its special collections more accessible, along with three others.
These grants signal important focal areas for libraries. And they come just as the library community faces a test of society's commitment to one of the primary institutions geared to fuel the development of vital new programs. Grants from the Institute of Museum and Library Services (IMLS) have long been critical drivers of effective change in libraries—and libraries have been excellent at making every investment count. The prospect of losing that mechanism is distressing, and it points out how very shallow is our bench of strategic support. We need to defend IMLS and develop more sources of funding earmarked for innovation. Without it, too often we'll be left chasing change instead of leading the way.
Last year there were rumors that LeBron James did not want Tristan Thompson's girlfriend Khloe Kardashian anywhere near the Cavs (which were contradicted shortly thereafter by her appearance at his Halloween party).
It's hard to read LeBron sometimes but in this instance that was taken from his Snapchat he seems, based on his tone, kinda amused by the whole deal (language NSFW):
#LeBron calls #KeepingUpWithTheKardashians film crew a "S*** show" A post shared by VladTV (@vladtv) on Oct 5, 2017 at 8:30am PDT
According to local Cleveland media, the KUWTK crew had access to the Cavs' training facilities this week. Given everything we think we know about LeBron's level of input with the Cavs' logistics, it's hard to imagine he didn't sign off on this.
It goes without saying that Khloe's reported pregnancy will be a storyline on television and platforms beyond.
The extent to which the Kardashian film crew will continue to get access to Cavs facilities remains to be seen.
“I don't really dream that much, you kinda get tired of them not coming true.”
Chicago hometown hero and artist, Chance The Rapper, channels the melancholy
HUMBLE, Texas (AP) — Court records show a Houston-area woman is accused of placing a plastic bag over the head of her 1-year-old son and sending video of the abuse to relatives because she was upset that the child's father had a new girlfriend.
Twenty-three-year-old Jamelle Peterkin of Humble (UHM'-buhl) appeared in court Monday on a charge of endangering a child and was freed on $15,000 bond.
The boy's aunt, Ra'Neicha Broadnax, told KTRK-TV (http://abc13.co/2oPAGkt ) that in recent days she received videos and pictures from Peterkin also showing the child being slapped.
Broadnax said Peterkin indicated she was angry about the father's new girlfriend. Records show Peterkin also placed a plastic bag in the boy's mouth.
Advertisement
The current condition of the child wasn't detailed in the report.
Online records don't list an attorney for Peterkin.
___
Information from: KTRK-TV, http://abclocal.go.com
New Delhi: It has finally been confirmed!
Ever since Virat Kohli asked the BCCI for a break in December, speculations have been doing the rounds about his future plans with his lady love Anushka Sharma.
Virat Kohli and Anushka Sharma have finally tied the know under the Tuscan sun today.
The couple got married in a private ceremony at Tuscany's (Italy) luxury heritage resort Borgo Finocchieto.
The announcement comes after Virat Kohli grabbed second position among the batsmen in the recently announced ICC Test Rankings, and he became the first international captain to hit six double centuries in Tests, surpassing Brian Lara's record.
Their marriage was earlier revealed by a Filmfare report, which has been reaffirmed by Virat and Anushka's Twitter account.
Today we have promised each other to be bound in love forever. We are truly blessed to share the news with you. This beautiful day will be made more special with the love and support of our family of fans & well wishers. Thank you for being such an important part of our journey. pic.twitter.com/Scobdiqk7l — Anushka Sharma (@AnushkaSharma) December 11, 2017
Today we have promised each other to be bound in love for ever. We are truly blessed to share the news with you.This beautiful day will be made more special with the love and support of our family of fans & well wishers. Thank you for being such an important part of our journey. pic.twitter.com/aobTUwMNAK — Virat Kohli (@imVkohli) December 11, 2017
The wedding reception will take place in the Darbar Hall, of Taj Diplomatic Enclave in Delhi, on 21st December, which will be followed by another reception in Mumbai on 26th December.
Here are some of the reactions from the world cricketing fraternity to their marriage:
Wishing @imVkohli and @AnushkaSharma all the best in the new innings of their life #viratanushka #congrats — Shoaib Akhtar (@shoaib100mph) December 11, 2017
Heartiest congratulations to this lovely pair. Wishing the couple a very happy married life. https://t.co/d1gd5vCkiw — BCCI (@BCCI) December 11, 2017
Jug jug jeeve eh sohni Jodi ..@imVkohli @AnushkaSharma rab hamesha khush rakhe pic.twitter.com/Xnb3APjpTa — Harbhajan Turbanator (@harbhajan_singh) December 11, 2017
Congratulations @imVkohli @AnushkaSharma on your wedding. May God Bless you two and give you happiness and a rewarding married life. — Shahid Afridi (@SAfridiOfficial) December 11, 2017
Best wishes to both of you on your wedding @imVkohli & @AnushkaSharma. Wishing you a life filled with all the blessings and joys of life. — cheteshwar pujara (@cheteshwar1) December 11, 2017
Spread over about 71,000sq miles2, the state of Washington is home to diverse climates, with the Cascade mountains dividing a temperate rainforest in the west and semi-arid steppe in the east. It is also home to a diverse aerospace industry – anchored by Boeing.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A single mum-of-two says her council home is so infested with damp and mould that her son's clothes smell and he constantly has coughs and colds.
Diane Straszewska said the mould covering the walls and windows in the one-bedroom flat she shares with her son Karys, aged two, and her daughter Amaya, one, has become "unbearable".
She said the situation is so severe that her son's nursery sent a letter to tell her that his clothes smell like mould and they are concerned about his health.
The worried mum said her daughter has been diagnosed with asthma and she is at her wits' end as she pushes for a new place to live.
Diane told Gloucestershire Live that the mould keeps coming back when she cleans it off, and she claims her local council hasn't done enough to help her.
(Image: Gloucestershire Live)
(Image: Gloucestershire Live)
Her children sleep next to walls with big patches of mould, which has spread throughout their home.
The mum, from Dursley, said: “The damp and mould in the house is unbearable now. I would say that I have decorated about four times over the past 12 months.
“My son had a letter sent home from nursery because they are concerned with how poorly he is and his clothes smell like mould.
“My youngest daughter has been diagnosed with asthma and my son constantly has coughs and colds."
(Image: Gloucestershire Live)
(Image: Gloucestershire Live)
Diane's landlord, Stroud District Council (SDC), have said they are aware of the mould problem and a meeting is scheduled to help her.
Council staff have visited the property, but Diane isn't happy with the way her complaints have been handled.
She claims she was informed that she could not be moved until her rent arrears of £190 had been cleared, and that she was told if she moved to her mother's while work was being done she would be making herself homeless and SDC would not be able to rehouse her.
(Image: Gloucestershire Live)
Can damp and mould affect my health? People who have damp and mould in their homes are more likely to have respiratory problems, respiratory infections, allergies or asthma, says the NHS. Damp and mould can also weaken the immune system. Who's affected? The NHS says some people are more sensitive than others and they should avoid damp and mould. They include: Babies and children
Elderly people
People with existing skin problems such as eczema
Those with respiratory problems such as allergies and asthma
People with a weakened immune system How does it affect your health? Moulds produce allergens (substances that can cause an allergic reaction), irritants and, sometimes, toxic substances, the NHS says. Inhaling or touching mould spores may cause an allergic reaction, such as sneezing, a runny nose, red eyes and skin rash, or an asthma attack. What are the causes? Excess moisture in a building can lead to mould and damp. Moisture can be caused by everything from leaking pipes to rain seeping in through a roof or window, or condensation. People who have damp or mould problems in their home should take steps to have it safely removed or take steps to limit moisture in the air. The work may have to be done by a professional.
Diane said: “I just do not know what to do. I have asked everyone I can think of for help. The fire service will be calling me back as I need the doors inspected as I feel they are a hazard and the health visitor is writing a letter as she is concerned as well.”
She has also asked for help from her local MP David Drew, who said: “We are investigating the circumstances and are working with the district council to get this resolved.”
Diane said: “I had the town councillor come out yesterday morning to have a look around with someone from the council.
(Image: Gloucestershire Live)
“They just looked around at the mould and said it doesn't help where I dry clothes in the kitchen and said about opening the windows a bit more."
She added: "I clean the mould off, and it just comes back. I've been told not to use bleach as it feeds mould. It's just so bad.
“I feel that the councils help is non-existent they don't keep me informed about meetings taking place about my flat and I end up ringing to find out the outcome because they don't contact me.”
A spokesperson for Stroud District Council said: “Ms Straszewska's ward councillor will be meeting with her on Monday to discuss her repairs issues and HomeseekerPlus application."
Just what the doctor ordered: ER's Cleo Finch is dropping by Fox's STAR in Season 2.
Michael Michele, who played Finch in Seasons 6, 7 and 8 of the classic NBC medical drama, has joined STAR as a series regular, Deadline reports. STAR follows the rise of three young female artists in the music business in Atlanta as they face the hurdles that come from starting from the bottom and rising to the top.
Michele will play Ayanna, the new owner of the girls' record label who is a businesswoman first and looking to keep the company profitable, no matter what. As the music business changes, she does whatever she can to make her label relevant.
Lee Daniels Insists He Never Saw STAR as Part of Empire
STAR also stars Benjamin Bratt, Queen Latifah, Jude Demorest, Brittany O'Grady and Ryan Destiny. The premiere will feature a two-part crossover with Empire, in which Empire's Jussie Smollett will head over to STAR and Latifah will drop by Empire.
Michele recently appeared in MacGuyver, Blue Bloods and The Following, and starred in Homicide: Life on the Streets before ER.
STAR returns Wednesday, Sept. 25 at 9/8c on Fox.
© REUTERS/Azad Lashkari
The US government has stopped paying Kurdish peshmerga fighters' salaries after a yearlong agreement expired over the summer, and there are no current plans to renew it.Under the deal negotiated by the Barack Obama administration in July 2016, the United States agreed to pay stipends to some 36,000 Kurdish fighters battling the Islamic State (IS) in Iraq."The department does not currently fund stipend payments for the peshmerga," Defense Department spokesman Eric Pahon told Al-Monitor.Peshmerga sources flatly accuse the Donald Trump administration of withholding support because of opposition to last month's nonbinding referendum.There was a plan to renew and sign a new similar memorandum of understanding, but the United States discontinued it because of the referendum, Brig. Gen. Hajar Omer Ismail, director of coordination and relations for the Ministry of Peshmerga, told Al-Monitor.Pahon declined to comment on what he called "internal business matters." He said theThe Pentagon in May released a budget request for fiscal year 2018 that assumed that the memorandum of understanding would be renewed this past summer. The request for the fiscal year that started Oct. 1 calls for $270 million for peshmerga stipends and $95 million for "sustainment," 26% more than the $289.5 million requested for fiscal 2017 during Obama's last year in office.The budget request says the cost estimate for fiscal 2018 assumes the Department of Defense and the Ministry of Peshmerga would extend the memorandum of understanding for sustainment of peshmerga force s involved in achieving key objectives to counter IS.That May request may be moot, however, now that the memorandum of understanding has expired. Pahon said the budget is "not a static entity" and is expected to go through "tweaks and changes to match current operating conditions" as the counter-IS campaign targets the militant group's last remaining holdouts in Iraq's Anbar province."The stipend is not the entirety, or even the bulk, of our support for peshmerga forces fighting [IS]," he said. "We are providing the necessary support to our partner forces, at the approval of the government of Iraq, for ensuring the defeat" of IS.Separately, the Trump administration authorized a military sale in April worth nearly $300 million to equip two peshmerga brigades and arm them with 36 howitzers and small arms.told Al-Monitor heand said remaining American-supplied ammunition stocks were "not enough" for the fight against IS.If the referendum does impact relations between Baghdad and Erbil, the Pentagon worries it could limit the fight against IS at a time when the militant group has lost more than 90% of its self-declared caliphate. In operations over the summer, Pentagon officials said, peshmerga fighters established a defensive line that ensnared or killed hundreds of IS fighters fleeing from Tal Afar."There are probably some hurt feelings," Michael Knights, a Lafer fellow at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy, told Al-Monitor.is Al-Monitor's Pentagon correspondent. Based in Washington, Detsch examines US-Middle East relations through the lens of the Defense Department. Detsch previously covered cybersecurity for Passcode, the Christian Science Monitor's project on security and privacy in the Digital Age. Detsch also served as editorial assistant at The Diplomat Magazine and worked for NPR-affiliated stations in San Francisco. On Twitter: @JackDetsch_ALM , Email: [email protected]
Instagram has gradually become one of the most widely used mobile apps by influencers, content generators, publishers and regular mobile users who share pictures to preserve memories. The social media platform has now announced a new tool to further enhance the user experience for commercial users.
Instagram issued a press release which says, "In the coming weeks, you'll see a new "Paid partnership with" sub-header on posts and stories when a commercial relationship exists between creators such as influencers or publishers and a business".
As per the information shared by Instagram, the new tool will allow a creator to quickly tag the business they have a relationship with. The post or story will appear with a sub-header that reads "Paid partnership with," followed by a tag to the business partner's account.
The social media platform further mentions that the process will make the nature of the relationship more transparent for the community. When the tool is used, both the creator and business partner will have access to Insights for that post, making it easier to share how followers are engaging with these posts.
And this seems just a start in a new direction as the press release also mentions, "This is the first step in a journey as we learn how the community engages with this new tool - and our focus is on gathering feedback".
Instagram is partnering with a small number of creators and businesses and will make these tools widely available in the coming months along with an official policy and enforcement guidelines.
New Delhi: Two-time defending champions Real Madrid face a 'Neymar-powered' Paris St-Germain outfit in a mouth-watering UEFA Champions League last-16 clash, even as three of five English teams got favourable draws.
In the draw for 2017-18 Champions League draw held on Monday at UEFA's Nyon headquarters, a record five English clubs featured, besides European giants like Barcelona, Juventus, Bayern Munich, etc.
Premier League leaders and Pep Guardiola's record-breaking side Manchester City got will play Swiss side FC Basel while Jurgen Klopp's Liverpool take on Portuguese outfit Basel.
Jose Mourinho's United also got a relatively easier draw in La Liga side Sevilla, but Tottenham Hotspur and Chelsea will need have Juventus and Barcelona as their respective opponents.
But the highlight of the last-16 fixtures will be that of Madrid vs Paris, clash which will witness a galaxy of global superstars taking on each other with Cristiano Ronaldo and Neymar playing the lead roles.
Here are the complete line-ups:
Juventus vs Tottenham
Basel vs Manchester City
Porto vs Liverpool
Sevilla vs Manchester United
Real Madrid vs Paris St-Germain
Shakhtar Donetsk vs Roma
Chelsea vs Barcelona
Bayern Munich vs Besiktas
The first legs will be played from February 13-21, with the return matches scheduled from March 6-14.
The final will take place in Kiev on 26 May.
The Atlanta Housing Authority Board of Commissioners elected Robert Rumley as its new chairman Wednesday following the resignation of Daniel Halpern, who served as board chair for nearly six years.
“I have big shoes to fill,” said Rumley after the board unanimously elected him chairman. “Daniel Halpern's stellar leadership on this board and his commitment to expanding affordable housing have been invaluable to the city of Atlanta.”
Rumley, a finance executive at Morgan Stanley, brings a wealth of knowledge and proven leadership ability. Appointed to the AHA board in 2016, Rumley is a graduate of Morehouse College and received a master's degree at Georgia State University. He serves as a member of the Board of Managers for the Andrew Young YMCA, former Trustee of The Galloway School, a regional board member of Operation Hope, a 2011 graduate of Leadership Buckhead, a 2012 Georgia Trend Magazine 40 under 40 Honorees and is an active community volunteer. He and his wife, MaKara, reside in Atlantawith their three children.
“The addition of Rob Rumley as board chair will help drive our mission of providing Atlantans with quality housing options that are affordable,” said Catherine Buell, president and CEO of AHA. “Rob's leadership comes at an exciting time for AHA. His years of experience and industry knowledge will serve as a valuable resource to help us accomplish our goals.”
As the agency works to achieve its goals, it has recently expanded its Real Estate division with the addition of key leaders in real estate, finance, regulatory and federal affairs.
“A key factor in the effectiveness of the Atlanta Housing Authority is the strategic talent expansion of the Real Estate division,” said CEO Buell. “Strong leadership at the board level and new strategic talent in our Real Estate division will help the authority accomplish its Vision 2022 Plan to create opportunities for people to live, work and thrive in safe and healthy neighborhoods.”
(ABC News) — The United States and South Korea have announced that their annual large-scale military exercises will begin on April 1.
U.S. officials had said previously that the anticipated meeting between President Donald Trump and North Korea's Kim Jong-un would not impact the timing of the Foal Eagle and Key Resolve exercises.
“Secretary of Defense James N. Mattis and the Republic of Korea Minister of National Defense Song Young-moo have agreed to resume the annual combined exercises including Foal Eagle and Key Resolve, which were deconflicted with the schedule of the Olympic Games,” the Pentagon said in a statement Monday. “The exercises are expected to resume April 1, 2018, at a scale similar to that of the previous years.”
“The United Nations Command has notified the Korean People's Army on the schedule as well as the defensive nature of the annual exercises,” the statement added. The Korean People's Army is the official name of North Korea's army.
Related Content: A look at what's ahead in a landmark Trump-Kim summit
The U.S. and South Korea previously agreed to delay the exercises until after the conclusion of the Winter Olympics and Paralympic Games held in South Korea. The Paralympic Games concluded on Sunday.
The tactical exercises that make up Foal Eagle will involve about 11,500 U.S. forces and approximately 290,000 S. Korean military personnel.
The computer simulated headquarters exercise known as Key Resolve will involve 12,000 U.S. forces and 10,000 South Korean personnel.
“The exercises include all services and are of the same scale, scope, and duration as previous years,” said Lt. Col. Christopher Logan, a Pentagon spokesman.
“Our combined exercises are defense-oriented and there is no reason for North Korea to view them as a provocation,” Logan added. “While we will not discuss specifics, the defensive nature of these combined exercises has been clear for many decades and has not changed.”
Original Story: Trump accepts offer to meet Kim Jong-un
In the past, North Korea has often condemned the Foal Eagle exercise and used it as an excuse for its provocative missile and nuclear tests.
But that appeared to have changed in the lead up to Kim's offer to meet with Trump.
Kim “understands that the routine joint military exercises between the Republic of Korea and the United States must continue,” South Korean national security adviser Chung Eui-yong told reporters on March 8 as he announced that Trump had agreed to meet with Kim.
North Korea has not publicly responded to Trump's decision and no date has been scheduled for a meeting between the two leaders.
WEST HAVEN, Conn. (WTNH) — The University of New Haven has become the first institution of higher learning to be named HEARTSafe by the Connecticut Department of Public Health.
“The HEARTSafe Workplace Program is designed to increase awareness of the signs and symptoms of sudden cardiac events,” stated Raffaella Coler, the Director of the Department of Public Health's Office of Emergency Services.
The designation comes as part of DPH's Heart Disease & Stroke Prevention Program.
In conjunction with the program, UNH installed 28 defibrillators across its campuses and has trained more than 140 employees how to respond to a possible heart attack.
Each year, more than 250,000 Americans die from cardiac arrest.
The HEARTSafe program will also offer health education and information on how to reduce the risks of heart disease.
The program has been run in partnership with the student EMS Club.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Scottish islanders are considering their options after the Brexit vote - including breaking free from Scotland and the UK to become independent.
Many residents have hoped for greater autonomy from the Scottish Government in the past, and were promised more powers in the event of Scottish independence.
And now more than half of Orkney's councillors have forced a motion demanding an investigation into possible self-determination for the islands after Brexit .
The islanders overwhelmingly backed remaining in the UK and the European Union at both referendums in 2014 and 2016.
A motion passed by 13 of Orkney Islands Council's 21 members has demanded the chief executive compile a report considering “whether the people of Orkney could exercise self-determination if faced with further national or international constitutional changes, or indeed to decide if more autonomy might be beneficial for the wellbeing of Orkney.”
The motion also says the report should look at what would be needed to “consider such opportunities for greater autonomy or self-determination” with both the UK and Scottish Governments .
(Photo: Google Maps)
Graham Sinclair, an independent councillor who drafted the motion, said: “I think the islands are more significantly different - both historically and culturally - from the rest of the country.
“It is a very preliminary shot. It is to consider whether there is the possibility of constitutional changes.”
Mr Sinclair said that an opinion poll might be carried out to determine how people living on the islands feel about the issue.
He added: “I don't have any preconceptions about where it might lead.
“My motion was accepted without anyone speaking against it and we are a council of independent councillors.”
Steven Heddle, leader of Orkney Islands Council, previously supported Scottish independence.
He was one of three island leaders to sign the Lerwick Declaration with then First Minister Alex Salmond.
The declaration set out greater powers for the islands in the event of Scottish independence.
Orkney, together with Shetland, were historically ruled by Norway and only came under control of the Kingdom of Scotland in 1468 and 1472 respectively.
It's feeding time at Brad Felger's farm in Washington's Skagit Valley. And he's about to feed 40 hungry falcons.
Yes, falcons.
They're an important, albeit often unseen, part of farming in some states, used as a defense mechanism to keep away pesky birds like starlings, which love to eat berries and apples.
Since age 12, Felger has had a self-described love for everything with feathers, scales or tails.
"Falconers are, what's the word I'm looking for ... eccentric," Felger says.
Now he runs Airstrike Bird Control as founder and CEO.
His business? Raptor abatement.
It's different than traditional falconry because rather than hunting quarry, he uses his falcons to scare off birds that can be bad news for crops.
In 2017, he employed about 30 falconers and used over 100 falcons (only about 25 of those are Felger's) to control troublesome crop-eaters.
According to research in the journal Crop Protection, in 2011 in Washington state alone, honeycrisp apple farmers lost nearly $3,000 per acre to birds eating their produce.
While nets can secure fruit trees and noisemakers can scare birds, there are drawbacks to each tool. Nets can be expensive, and birds can get used to noise-scare tactics.
But falcons?
"It's using nature against nature. And it's something birds never get used to," Felger says. "They never get used to an aggressive falcon flying toward them."
Felger's operation is non-lethal for the birds that the falcons scare away.
He flies his falcons all along the U.S. West Coast. In Washington, he starts with blueberry farms in May, then travels east, ending with vineyards in the Yakima Valley and Columbia Basin through the fall.
His operation is gaining popularity, especially with organic and eco-friendly farms.
Patricia Thompson is the falconry manager for the Washington Department of Fish and Wildlife. This season she permitted nearly 300 recreational falconers in the state. Thompson says she's noticed an uptick in this style of pest control.
"It feels like more people are getting into abatement falconry," Thompson said. "And it does seem to be more ecological to haze the birds off, rather than using pesticides."
Thompson isn't sure how many of those falconers practice abatement since the state doesn't offer those permits. That permit comes at the federal level through the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service.
All states except Hawaii allow falconry. In other states, abatement falconers also work with landfill sites, golf courses and warehouses where birds can be a nuisance.
Thompson is quick to point out how intense falconry can be. It starts with a two-year apprenticeship, followed by an exam, and even a site visit where wildlife department officials examine facilities. She calls it a real lifestyle because the birds take so much time to care for and are in hunting-working relationships with their falconers.
At Fegler's farm, breeding season has already started. Next month, Felger is hoping to add 40 baby falcons to his cast of the hardworking birds of prey. Soon these little birds will start training to become the next generation of fruit-saving predators, maybe protecting a blueberry field or apple orchard near you.
This story comes to us from Washington-based member station Northwest Public Broadcasting. You can hear the original story here.
Three college students were abducted and stripped naked and tortured by an influential person of the area in Gujrat's Rehmania neighbourhood, reported a private news channel.
According to details, the students, identified as Hasnain, Zain and Usama, were abducted after a scuffle broke out between two rival groups in their college and were subjected to the worst kind of humiliation. They were locked in a room and tortured after being stripped naked.
The suspects also filmed the whole episode.
A case was lodged after the news broke on the TV channel in the presence of Hasnain's father. Police have also initiated a search to arrest the culprits.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Lady Gaga has cancelled the last ten dates of her European tour after her chronic pain condition returned.
The singer suffers from fibromyalgia, a horrendous condition with symptoms that include pain, fatigue and irritable bowel syndrome.
Heartbreakingly, there is no known cure.
Gaga's Netflix documentary, Gaga: Five Foot Two, was supposed to look at her battle with severe pain but the Poker Face star opened up about her struggles back in September in a defiant Instagram post.
She said: "I have always been honest about my physical and mental health struggles. Searching for years to get to the bottom of them. It is complicated and difficult to explain, and we are trying to figure it out.
(Image: WENN.com)
(Image: Getty Images North America)
"As I get stronger and when I feel ready, I will tell my story in more depth, and plan to take this on strongly so I can not only raise awareness, but expand research for others who suffer as I do, so I can help make a difference. I use the word "suffer" not for pity, or attention, and have been disappointed to see people online suggest that I'm being dramatic, making this up, or playing the victim to get out of touring. If you knew me, you would know this couldn't be further from the truth. I'm a fighter.
"I use the word suffer not only because trauma and chronic pain have changed my life, but because they are keeping me from living a normal life. They are also keeping me from what I love the most in the world: performing for my fans. I am looking forward to touring again soon, but I have to be with my doctors right now so I can be strong and perform for you all for the next 60 years or more. I love you so much."
(Image: Getty)
(Image: GC Images)
Lady Gaga was on stage at the Genting Arena in Birmingham on Thursday and was due to perform at her first London gig tomorrow. Gigs have also been scrapped in Switzerland, Germany, Sweden, Denmark and France.
On Twitter, she said: "I'm so devastated I don't how to describe it. All I know is that if I don't do this, I am not standing by the words or meaning of my music.
"My medical team is supporting the decision for me to recover at home. We're cancelling the last 10 shows of my Joanne World Tour.
Charm City currently houses four statues: the Confederate Soldiers and Sailor Monument on Mount Royal Avenue, the Confederate Women's Monument on West University Parkway, the Roger B. Taney Monument on Mount Vernon Place, and the Robert E. Lee and Thomas J. “Stonewall” Jackson Monument in the Wyman Park Dell.
“It's my intention to move forward with the removal of the statues,” Pugh, frustrated that the process wasn't already further along, told the Baltimore Sun Monday.
The removal process was first initiated when former Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake commissioned a board of academics and officials to recommend what should be done with the monuments. The board suggested removing two of the four, but for some unknown reason, the process stalled nearly a year before Rawlings-Blake left office, Pugh noted.
While the statues were not taken down, Rawlings-Blake did add signs in front of the monuments that said the Confederate Monuments were “part of a propaganda campaign of national pro-Confederate organizations to perpetuate the beliefs of white supremacy, falsify history and support segregation and racial intimidation.”
Pugh, however, wants all four monuments gone. She noted in a press release that a working group to “lead the process for removing the Confederate Monuments” would be organized.
Hoping to relocate the statues to Confederate cemeteries in Maryland, such as the Washington Confederate Cemetery in Hagerstown and the Point Lookout Confederate Cemetery, Pugh shared with the Sun that once plans were finalized the specific date wouldn't be announced, in order to avoid a Charlottesville-like scenario.
In the press release, Pugh also notes that she reached out to New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu to learn about the Big Easy's process and costs — which totaled $2.1 million for the removal of their four monuments.
Baltimore Councilman Brandon Scott also announced he intends to introduce legislation on the topic at Monday night's City Council meeting.
Introduced in the early morning hours of Monday, Scott's resolution, citing the white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, calls for “the immediate destruction of all Confederate Monuments in Baltimore.”
“Monuments with ties to the dark side of America's past have come under increased scrutiny in recent years with cities across the country debating on whether they should be removed,” Scott's resolution stated. “Following the acts of domestic terrorism carried out by white supremacist terrorists groups in Charlottesville Virginia this past weekend cities must act decisively and immediately by removing these monuments. Baltimore has had more than enough time to think on the issue it's time to act.”
With several solidarity protests staged from Seattle to New York after one person died in the Charlottesville demonstration, activists in the Washington, DC, area also voiced their opinion as they marched on a statue of Albert Pike, a Confederate general, in the nation's capital.
— Nick Wing (@nickpwing) August 14, 2017
​”We feel that it is an affront to our humanity to have this symbol of racial terror in our city,” Sean Blackmon, an organizer with Stop Police Terror Project DC who was at the Washington rally Sunday, told Sputnik News. “These statues were erected to show that white supremacy is the order in this country. They are there as symbols of racial hatred and that's why we feel they should come down.”
Lexington, Kentucky, Mayor Jim Gray announced over the weekend that he had initiated the removal of statues John Hunt Morgan and John C. Breckinridge, two figures who violently opposed the abolition of slavery.
— Mayor Jim Gray (@JimGrayLexKY) August 12, 2017
​According to the Lexington Herald-Leader, Gray announced in a statement he would be asking the Lexington-Fayette County Urban County Council to ask the state military commission for permission to take down the statues.
For Blackmon, if America ever wants to come to terms with the role white supremacy has played in its birth, the nation needs to “acknowledge [it] at every single level of government and social life.”
© Wikipedia
Sputnik News
South Africa Today – World News – United States
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Cladding added to Grenfell Tower in a recent refurbishment - which experts believe may have contributed to the rapid spread of a deadly fire - was added to improve the building's appearance for neighbouring communities, it has emerged.
The external appearance of the building from nearby 'conservation areas' is cited in an official report among the reasons for adding the cladding to the 24-storey high-rise block.
Twelve people have been confirmed dead in the blaze which rapidly ripped through the building in the early hours of this morning and a further 78 have been treated for injuries, with 18 in a critical condition.
Some experts, including Grand Designs' Kevin McCloud, have speculated the new cladding was 'dangerous' and could be the reason the fire spread so quickly up the building.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The director of the company who refurbished the tower insisting it complied with health and safety guidelines, but admits he doesn't know what the cladding is made from.
A report published on the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea website in 2014 by the executive director of planning and borough development explains that the cladding was added to improve the tower's appearance from nearby neighbourhoods.
(Photo: Rex Features)
It reads: "The changes to the external appearance of the building will also provide positive enhancements to the appearance of the area, and the removal of the walkway and the canopy are welcome improvement."
Most notably, it references two 'conservation areas' from which Grenfell Tower is visible - Ladbroke Conservation Area and Avondale Conservation Area - which are made up of Victorian terraced houses.
Average property prices in these areas are in excess of £2million, according to Rightmove.
In one street, Kensington Park Gardens, picked at random from the Ladbroke Conservation Area map, the average price paid for a property is £2.4million.
A statement in the document said: "Due to its height the tower is visible from the adjacent Avondale Conservation Area to the south and the Ladbroke Conservation Area to the east.
"The changes to the existing tower will improve its appearance especially when viewed from the surrounding area.
(Photo: Rydon)
"Therefore views into and out of the conservation areas will be improved by the proposals in accordance with 'saved' policy CD63 of the UDP."
The document also listed other reasons for re-cladding the building - namely for the use of a new window and heating system.
A report explained: "The scheme proposes the re-clad of the building with zinc over-cladding with a new window system. For the new window system and heating to work efficiently the whole building is required to be over clad.
"With the installation of the new cladding and windows,the existing residents would have improved sound insulation and ventilation."
Investigations into the fire are ongoing and Met Police expect the death toll to rise.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
There was heartache for Ross Barton in tonight's Emmerdale as his attacker walked free from court.
Ross finally came face-to-face with the drug dealer who threw acid on his face before giving evidence about his ordeal in the dock.
Justice was seemingly going to be done until, in a cruel twist of fate, the judge revealed that a key witness for the prosecution had died.
The judge concluded that there was not enough evidence to prosecute and Simon was allowed to walk free from court.
Back home, furious Ross vowed revenge on his attacker in a bizarre ending that saw him appear to teleport back into the courtroom.
(Image: ITV)
Pete explained to girlfriend Rhona that the case had fallen apart and argued they could turn to other witnesses and push for a retrial.
He added: "This changes things. You need to talk to the police."
"Forget the police...," began Ross, before the action suddenly switched to back inside the courtroom mid-sentence.
On his own, staring menacingly at the back of his attacker, Ross continued: "...I know him and I know where he lives."
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
Emmerdale viewers were divided on the ending, with some left very confused.
One viewer said: "Who the hell edited that end segment ?"
Another added: "Did Ross imagine that last bit or something?"
However, one disagreed: "Loved the ending"
(Image: TV pic)
Rhona and Pete were left deeply unnerved as Ross vowed to track down Simon and finish things off himself.
This came after Ross realised that his attacker was Holly's drug dealer, but failed to make the connection back to Debbie Dingle.
But he started to despair when, after a commotion in the court, the judge explained that the only witness that would testify against Simon had died.
(Image: ITV)
The judge concluded that the prosecution could not rely on "hearsay" evidence as the witness could not be cross-examined.
He said: "Due to the overall lack of reliable evidence I have no choice but to urge the jury to give a not guilty verdict."
Will Ross stick to his word and hunt down his attacker?
*Emmerdale continues on Tuesday on ITV at 7pm
A foldable phone requires more than just a flexible screen as it can also be necessary for some of the internal components to be curved, which is probably one of the reasons we haven't seen one yet. It sounds like Samsung is close though, as the company has apparently created a curved battery suitable for such a phone.
We say ‘suitable', because Samsung SDI actually created a curved battery four years ago, but it only had a capacity of 210mAh. Now, though, it's created one that can be between 3,000mAh and 6,000mAh and which is set to be used in the folding Samsung Galaxy X according to ITHome, citing industry sources.
The upper end of that range would be far higher than most smartphone batteries, but then the Samsung Galaxy X might need it, as the phone may have a screen of around 7.3 inches, making it more like a small tablet when fully unfolded.
A curved Samsung SDI battery. Credit: ITHome
Coming soon... maybe
There's no other new information on the Galaxy X, but based on other recent rumors it sounds like the wait might almost be over, with sources suggesting it could go into mass production later this year and hit stores in early 2019.
That suggests it could be around the same time as the Samsung Galaxy S10.
But don't be surprised if there are more hold-ups, after all, this phone has been rumored for years now. And even when it does launch it probably won't have a very appealing price, with one analyst claiming it could cost around $1,850, £1,375, AU$2,400.
Via GSMArena
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Floyd Mayweather 's return to the ring against Conor McGregor could break the box-office record set by his previous clash with Manny Pacquiao .
That is the verdict of the men who have put together the £500m mega fight.
Mayweather and McGregor will touch gloves at the T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas on August 26 in a clash that will earn each man at least $100m (£78.5m).
In May 2015, 4.4m people paid almost $100 to watch Mayweather outpoint Pacquiao, while the fight set a new gate record of $72m.
But those records could be shattered this summer.
UFC president Dana White said: "I think this fight is bigger globally than Mayweather-Pacquiao was."
(Photo: Jamie Squire)
And Mayweather Promotions CEO Leonard Ellerbe added: "There's not one place that I go to, that Floyd goes to, that anybody affiliated or associated with Floyd Mayweather [goes to], that [we don't get] asked the question, ‘Floyd, are you gonna fight Conor McGregor?'
"This is a very, very hot fight and this is a fight that the fans want. It's gonna be a tremendous event. The fans wanted this fight.”
(Photo: Zuffa LLC)
And Stephen Espinoza, executive vice president of Showtime, said: "We've actually tapped into the audience that really doesn't follow either sport.
"This is such an unprecedented event, such a spectacle, that all of a sudden people who have never really been interested in MMA or boxing are interested in this event due to the nature of the competition and the nature of these two personalities.
"That's an untapped part of the market that not even Mayweather-Pacquiao touched.”
Griffin Sailing Team conquer inaugural Fareast 28R World Championship
Day 4 – Fareast 28R World Championship © Lasse Eklof Day 4 – Fareast 28R World Championship © Lasse Eklof
If you want to link to this article then please use this URL: www.sail-world.com/156415
by Icarus Sports today at 12:01 pmThe the best part of the Championship was kept for this last day. Winds up to 24 knots meant the boats flew across the sea. Griffin Sailing Team and Drake have their own fight for the World title, in this match race contest. Griffin Sailing Team dominated by scoring a second and a first – taking the title, leaving second place to Drake.There were many challengers for the third place. Take Care 2 scored a bullet in the first race to become the favorite – later scoring a fifth in the last race to win that third podium spot.The first ever Fareast 28R World Championship came to an end with the prize giving ceremony. The winners were awarded and everybody made an appointment for the next World Championship in China.
So by far the biggest story today is that which is happening in Italy. Even bigger than Roseanne! But I digress…
So it's Italy week, going into the Feast of Corpus Christi (Corpus Domini for my Italian readers). We continue our coverage of the “government forming” PROCESS.
Drilling down into why Italy is so SIGNIFICANT, I don't need to tell anyone that if the GLOBALISTS got Francis, the bishop of Rome and Head of State of a foreign country (Vatican State) involved and had him make a phone call to the sitting Italian President in order to subvert the will of the Italian electorate, this SIGNALLING EFFECT speaks for itself.
Tracing the external pressures, we know that Frau Merkel, the Head of another foreign State also made a call to Signor Mattarella, which led to the latter blocking the formation of a government whose representatives had an overwhelming majority of the votes.
Post-Modernism at it's best!
And just to place the post-Modernist cherry on top of the GLOBALIST'S Italian cake, we had this INCIDENT:
So what we are witnessing is nothing short of a concerted takeover of a “SOVEREIGN” country, the Republic of Italy in this case.
The invading forces are made up of an internal subversive element and an external force. The battlefield is the financial markets, and the Italian debt market to be more specific.
The end game of the invading forces is to make Italy a colony of the NEW WORLD ORDER. The Germans in this case, with their control of the European Central Bank, as per Oettinger statement, appear to be the “proxy army” through which this invasion of Italy is taking place.
And Francis, the bishop of Rome and his FrancisChurch are providing a large part of the psychological operations (in the guise of “spiritual” cover for the Italian el Presidente) for this overt coup d'etat.
So this is how the battlefield is arranged as of this writing…
Below is a post from the Zero Hedge website that explains the larger picture in the ECONOMIC (Monetary Policy) sub-set of the Visibilium Omnium. (see here)
What's more interesting though, is that the author, Raul Ilarge Meijer presents some UNIVERSAL observations about not only the state of the Republic of Italy, but also applicable to the situation of the Vatican City State and the Holy See. These observations your humble blogger will (comment) on, and include in the below text.
Welcome To The Hotel Europa…
Authored by Raul Ilargi Meijer via The Automatic Earth blog,
On Friday, in This is the End of the Euro, I said: The euro has become a cage, a prison for the poorer brethren. The finance minister proposed by 5-Star/Lega and refused by Italian president Mattarella, Paolo Savona, has called the euro a German cage. (Strikingly similar to the “spirit of the new springtime” cage?)
There are now stories spreading that the coalition, Savona first of all, were secretly planning an exit from the euro. A series of slides Savona prepared in 2015 on how to exit the euro is used as evidence of that secret plan. But the slides are not secret. Yes, he has said that it's good to have a plan to leave ‘if necessary'. (Yes, it is good to have a plan for the Restoration of all things in Christ) But that's not the same as secretly planning such a move.
Every country (…and the Holy Roman Catholic Church) should have such a plan, and you would hope they do. (Yes, indeed) A government that doesn't be being very irresponsible. But it's true, this is how both the EU and the euro (… and the “new springtime”) have been designed: not just as a prison, but as a prison without any doors or windows. No way to get out. And that will prove to be its fatal flaw. (3rd Principle -The Schmidberger Principle: Every abnormal situation inherently tends toward normalization. This is due to the nature of the matter.)
It has more such flaws, for sure. The inequality of its members, which allows for the richer to feed on the poorer, is a big one. The US founders were smart enough to provide for transfer payments from rich to poorer, the EU founders couldn't be bothered with that lesson. They must have studied it, though, and rejected it.
Credit were credit's due: Yanis Varoufakis said it best when he compared the EU to the Eagles' Hotel California. A few lines:
Mirrors on the ceiling
The pink champagne on ice
And she said “We are all just prisoners here, of our own device”
And in the master's chambers
They gathered for the feast
They stab it with their steely knives
But they just can't kill the beast
Last thing I remember
I was running for the door
I had to find the passage back to the place I was before
“Relax,” said the night man
“We are programmed to receive
You can check-out any time you like
But you can never leave!”
The EU was set up as some kind of eternal prison, a concept most familiar to us in the way Christian churches depict Hell (Post-conciliar church likewise), or the ancient Greek mythological story of Prometheus, who, as punishment for providing man with fire, was condemned by Zeus to being tied to a rock, with an eagle feeding on his liver every day, for eternity.(… or having to sit through the “liturgy of the word”)
Rule number 1 for any organization: there must always be an escape, a way out. (YES) If there isn't, that's what will break the whole thing in the end. Think Leonard Cohen's “There a crack in everything; that's where the light comes in.” Every system must always be designed with inbuilt redundancy. (VII definitely has that!)
Paolo Savona (Cardinal Burke) understands that, and he said there must be a way to leave the euro. For Brussels and Rome, that means he's not acceptable as a finance minister (Curial Head), no matter his competence, experience or credentials. It reeks of desperation on the ‘establishment' side more than anything. (YEP!)
And now the entire financial world is in panic and turmoil. It's ironic to see people decrying the sudden weakness in Italian “sovereign debt” at the same time they see pointed out, as if that were still necessary, that Italy is no longer a sovereign country. Think maybe there's a clue to be found somewhere in there?
Italian bonds (vocations) are falling so fast traders get vertigo. At what point will Mario Draghi (Francis) be held accountable for the enormous losses this causes on the ECB's (Church's) books?
But fear not: the elites simply blame the whole thing on the people elected in Italy. (Promethian neo-Pelagians one and all.) Yes, that means they blame democracy. For daring to provide an election result that threatens their powers. And no, there is no other way to define what is happening than as a coup. (Just like in the Catholic Church)
Italy will soon have all the characteristics of an emerging market (Protestant sect). Which is a market from which no one can emerge in an emergency (no salvific functionality), according to one Don Cowe. I read that the six largest Italian banks together have €143 billion in Italian debt securities on their balance sheet. Systemic banks in the rest of Europe, mainly France, Spain and Germany, have €137 billion of Italian debt on their balance sheet. God only knows how much Mario Draghi holds:
That is one scary chart. And no, that is not the fault of 5-Star/Lega. (Tradition) It's the fault of the European Union founders (Ionian/Pauline papal line), and of its present ‘leadership'. What 5-Star/Lega (SSPX, Ecclesia Dei, etc.) have done is exposed the stark-naked emperor. And the little boy who called out that sovereign (Bugnini) didn't undress him; he went out without any clothes on, all by himself.
Varoufakis (Archbishop Lefebvre) called out the naked emperor Brussels in 2015 (1968). Paolo Savona did so multiple times as well. The emperor's reaction? Shut up the little boy (Cardinal Burke), now get dressed. But the lesson contained in The Naked Emperor story is that there will always be another little boy (Cardinal Sarah) to call him out. Shutting up the boy doesn't solve the problem.
Greece and Italy are where western civilization was born. (The Holy Roman Catholic Church is the transmission mechanism for Western Culture) It appears wonderfully fitting to picture the EU at present as the German (Pagan) eagle picking at the southern European (post-conciliar) Prometheus's liver for eternity. All the more so because Prometheus in Greek mythology was the champion of man: he first made man from clay, stood against the gods in favor of mankind, stole fire to provide it to man, and got punished for eternity for it.
The EU and euro (and post-conciliar church and the FrancisChurch which subsists on it) cannot survive in their present state. But those who benefit most from both are also the ones who can stop either, from undergoing desperately needed changes. That's Hotel Europa.
Advertisements
The Fennex app uses Apple's AirPods to work as a personalized wireless amplifier.
What if a hearing aid could be replaced with a pair of wireless earbuds and a smartphone app?
A Swiss startup is trying to make this reality with an app called Fennex, recently released for the iPhone, that works with Apple's $159 AirPods wireless earbuds. Alex Mari, CEO of the startup of the same name, says that he chose Apple's devices and mobile platform for the app in part because of their popularity, but also because he thinks an Android phone would result in more latency when processing sound.
The Fennex app, currently free though it may eventually charge for certain features, is still in its earliest days. Mari says today's version functions like a “cheap hearing aid”: it simply tests your hearing in each ear and uses those results to act as a personalized, adjustable amplifier. If you're having trouble hearing in a class, for instance, you could place your phone near the lectern while you're sitting a few rows back and listening in on a pair of AirPods.
But upgrades are coming, Mari says: the app is slated to gain features that will help reduce unwanted noise and feedback. And beyond helping people who just want to hear better in some situations, the software could eventually work with with Apple's hardware to serve as a viable alternative to a regular hearing aid for people who have moderate hearing loss, he believes.
“We want to get as close as we can to hearing aid technology,” he says.
Fennex is latching on to a broader trend in using smartphones and earbuds to augment hearing, both for people with hearing loss and for those who simply want to adjust how they hear. Already, there are some similar apps that work with earbuds and smartphones, like Petralex, as well as specialized earbuds that work with their own smartphone apps, like Doppler Labs' Here One. Unlike hearing aids, which can cost thousands of dollars for a pair, these so-called hearables may cost up to a few hundred dollars on top of the price of a smartphone.
Fennex claims to be the only one designed for the AirPods specifically. And since Apple is clearly moving away from the traditional headphone jack—it cut it out of the iPhones released last year and included just its proprietary Lightning connector for charging—it is possible that in the coming years AirPods will become a lot common.
Subscribe to The Download What's important in technology and innovation, delivered to you every day. Sign Up Thank you — please check your email to confirm your subscription. Incorrect email format Manage your newsletter preferences
Larry Humes, a distinguished professor of speech and hearing sciences at Indiana University Bloomington, is optimistic that something like Fennex could take the place of a traditional hearing aid for those with mild to moderate hearing loss. He thinks the recent passage of legislation that orders the FDA to create a new class of over-the-counter hearing aids could help, too, as he expects it will lead to a range of hearing-related products that people can get without needing to visit a doctor.
However, as Mari knows, it's clearly a risk to focus on making software for one pair of earbuds, since Fennex can't control what Apple does with its hardware or the access it gives to developers who want to develop software that works with it.
There's also the issue of hearing delays. Fennex works by using the AirPods' microphones to record sounds in the world around you, after which it sends the audio to the iPhone app for processing and then back to the earbuds. The delay, for now, is 130 milliseconds, which might be fine for listening but is noticeable if you're trying to engage in a conversation.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy is in police custody as police investigate allegations of illegal Libyan funding for his 2007 election campaign, it was reported.
The 63-year-old was being questioned over suspected irregularities in the financing of his successful bid for the presidency, an official in the French judiciary said.
The probe related to alleged Libyan funding for his 2007 campaign, Le Monde newspaper reported.
Before he was killed during an uprising in 2011, Libya's former dictator Muammar Gaddafi had claimed he gave millions to Mr Sarkozy's first presidential campaign.
Sarkozy has previously denied the allegations, claiming they were an act of revenge by the Gaddafi family following the collapse of its regime.
(Image: Getty)
In January, French businessman Alexandre Djouhri, who was close to the former president, was released on bail after being arrested in London as part of the probe.
The 59-year-old was accused of being an intermediary in the alleged financing from Libya.
Mr Sarkozy's time in and after office has been married by political and financial scandal, as he faced accusations of illegal campaign funding and corruption.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
In July 2014, two years after leaving office, he was charged with corruption by French prosecutors.
Paris-born Mr Sarkozy was the leader of the Union for a Popular Movement political party when he was elected in May 2007.
He served as president until May 2012 when he was defeated by Socialist Party candidate Francois Hollande by a margin of just over three per cent.
Mr Sarkozy briefly retired from politics before returning in September 2014 and becoming leader of the Union for a Popular Movement again.
His bid to become president again failed when he was eliminated in the first round of voting in the French presidential primary in 2016.
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
You don't need to be Kay Burley to know an awful lot has happened in the world since last summer.
Donald Trump has eased into the White House and tried to start World War III.
Theresa May has activated Article 50.
Kim Jong-Un has been firing off missiles like a toddler who's just found an unguarded box of party poppers.
And George Michael has died and been laid to rest.
However, back on George's favourite soap EastEnders they are STILL banging on about Bingate.
Which is why I nearly kicked my TV down the road when the Mayor of Walford casually enquired “What is it about the bins?”
Oh I don't know, your ladyship. Try asking the scriptwriters.
It's either a backstage bet that got way out of hand or they are severely trolling any lingering viewers.
Still, there was some good news. The Mayor has promised to 'sort it aht'.
Then again, that vow only came after she was publicly barracked by Denise at the Bank Holiday fun day.
Well, I say fun day. But as far as I could see the only fun was Sharon's impromptu Carry On tribute - “Lovely blooms, Jane. Fancy having a go on my hook-a-duck?” – and the rare burst of linguistic creativity in that “The Fayre on the Square” backdrop.
Hey, maybe we should suggest some other rhyme-inspired storylines.
The harlot in the car lot, the naff in the caff, the upstart in the Minute Mart, the beast at Walford East, the hippie in the chippie…
All I need to do now is find something that rhymes with Vic for when Lee Ryan from Blue starts his stint behind the bar this Thursday.
(Markets Edition) The jobs numbers have been released and while the big news is a contraction of 33,000 jobs for September, we take a closer look at many factors, including the job growth the hurricanes spurred, promising car sales data and a drop in the unemployment percentage. Plus, Elon Musk wants to replace Puerto Rico's shattered electricity grid, and the GOP wants to reform intergenerational wealth transfer, dropping the tax on estates of more than 5.5 million per individual left behind.
Sales of gasoline, or petrol, were 4.8% higher from a year earlier at 2.12 million tonnes. Photo: Reuters
New Delhi: India's fuel demand rose 6.2% in November compared with the same month last year.
Consumption of fuel, a proxy for oil demand, totalled 17.41 million tonnes, data from the Petroleum Planning and Analysis Cell (PPAC) of the oil ministry showed.
Sales of gasoline, or petrol, were 4.8% higher from a year earlier at 2.12 million tonnes.
Cooking gas or liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) sales increased 6.7% to 2.00 million tonnes, while naphtha sales fell 6.1% to 1.01 million tonnes.
Sales of bitumen, used for making roads, were 16.4% up, while fuel oil use edged unchanged in November. Reuters
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Trisha Paytas has hinted she regrets quitting Celebrity Big Brother but also hinted that she struggled to be filmed by 24 hour cameras inside the house.
As a YouTube ‘sensation', the 29-year-old is well used to have total control over the image she presents to her fans.
However inside the house - and under the glare of non stop filming - fans may have seen a different side to the bubbly social media star.
Specifically, fans saw her lash out at fellow stars, mope around in bed, and look generally a bit miserable.
(Image: blndsundoll4mj/Youtube)
Quitting the show on Friday despite being rescued from eviction by the voting public, the star now appears to be on a desperate mission to reassure fans that the persona she presents on-line in videos and photos that she edits herself is the real her and not the one that was seen on camera on the Five reality show.
"It was really hard for me. I didn't fully understand the show going in. When you're in it's a head f**k,” she says in a lengthy YouTube update where she talks with her mouth full as she enjoys a Nandos for the first time.
"Now I'm on the outside I am like ‘oh my god, I should have stayed' but when you're in their the pressure is all about drama. I'm dramatic, but I don't like drama,” she insists.
"I'm just a different person. My entrance - that's 100% Trish. I'm so excited and happy. But just looking at stills of the house, I look miserable,” she added.
(Image: blndsundoll4mj/Youtube)
(Image: blndsundoll4mj/Youtube)
Trish - who dramatically exploded at fellow co-star Chad Johnson just because he talked to Sarah Harding - also revealed she was told off twice by Big Brother for offensive behaviour.
"I did get told off, reprimanded a couple of times by Big Brother for things that I said that wouldn't be offensive on YouTube or back in America at all,” she said.
"I do try to watch myself. I try not to say offensive things… They were minor things…,” the star added between mouthfuls of chicken and rice.
Celebrity Big Brother continues tonight on Five at 9pm.
© AFP 2017/ JOEL SAGET
Moscow will demand explanations from the United Kingdom in relation to London's statement concerning the results of the examination of the samples from the site of the alleged chemical attack in Syria's northwestern province of Idlib on April 4, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said Monday.On Wednesday, UK Ambassador to the United Nations Matthew Rycroft said at the UN Security Council that UK specialists had detected sarin or a sarin-like substance in samples taken from the site of the supposed chemical attack in Syria.He noted that the two fact-finding departments of the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons (OPCW) are headed by UK nationals, which "does not really comply with the principles of an international organization which envisages the structure of all the bodies as balanced as possible.""We will not let efforts taken for the political regulation in the Syrian Arab Republic be undermined," Lavrov stressed.Dozens of people are said to have been killed by the suspected chemical weapon attack in Syria's northwestern province of Idlib on April 4. The United Kingdom, as well as some other Western states, blame the attack on the forces of Syria's President Bashar Assad. Reacting to the incident, US forces unilaterally launched a cruise missile strike on Syria's government airfield overnight April 7.The Russian Defense Ministry said on April 5 that the airstrike by the Syrian air force had hit a terrorist warehouse that stored chemical weapons slated for delivery to Iraq, and called on the UN Security Council to launch a proper investigation into the incident.Assad said that his government had never used weapons of mass destruction, including chemical weapons, against the Syrians, and all the chemical weapons which had been stored by the government before the deadly incident in East Goutha in 2013 had been destroyed under the OPCW's supervision.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Dear Coleen,
We're having issues with our daughter and her boyfriend. About four years ago, since our eldest grandson was born – they also have a daughter aged 18 months – they've used the children to hurt us.
The boyfriend is a nightmare, if I'm honest, and terrible with money. He's always in and out of work, so my daughter's life with him must be fairly stressful.
He doesn't get on with his own family and I think they've washed their hands of him, so now he's turned his attention to ours to see what he can get out of us.
The most recent thing is that my daughter has asked us for a substantial amount of money to pay for various things, and added that she'll let us see the grandchildren more regularly.
I was so hurt by that – holding us to ransom so obviously and using her children to obtain money.
I can only imagine that her boyfriend has put the idea in her head, but what should I do? Despite my daughter's bad taste in partners and the fact she's hurt us very badly, I still love her.
Just as importantly, I don't want her or our grandchildren to suffer because of this man.
What's your advice?
Coleen says
Ouch, that must have hurt. It probably goes against all your instincts as a mother and grandmother, but I really don't think you can let your daughter blackmail you. If you do, she'll think she can do it again and again. Where will it stop?
It's heartbreaking for you and your grandchildren, but what I think you should say to your daughter is that you'll always be there to help with babysitting and childcare if either of them has to work or go for an ­interview, or if she needs a night out or some downtime.
However, make it clear that you can't afford to just hand over this kind of money at your time in life, especially when you don't know if they'll be able to pay you back.
I understand how angry you must feel about your daughter's partner, but be careful about criticising him because you don't want her to cut herself off. You want her to feel ­confident that she can come to you if things go wrong with him.
The bottom line is, there shouldn't be any conditions attached to seeing your grandchildren. If you can, try to see your daughter on your own as much as possible to strengthen the bond between you. Good luck.
More of our agony aunt Coleen Nolan's advice on your sex, family, health and relationship problems
UPPER SADDLE RIVER, N.J. -- Following the release of a video by a concerned citizen, pressure from a state assemblywoman and coverage from Daily Voice, Bergen County authorities have ordered builders to stop pumping muddy water into a nearby stream from a site slated for dozens of luxury homes in Upper Saddle River and Mahwah.
"A stop work order was made," Kerry Pflugh, director of the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection's Office of Local Government Assistance, texted Derek Michalski shortly after 5:30 p.m. Tuesday. "The only work they are allowed to conduct is securing the site so further run off would be prevented."
"This is what we wanted," said Michalski, whose video of the water being pumped by Toll Brothers from the site of the former Apple Ridge Country Club into Pleasant Brook mobilized citizens.
"Now the concern is who is going to pay to test the water and which body is empowered to order the work," Michalski said.
Residents have been concerned about contamination ever since high levels of arsenic and lead were found on the more than 100-acre property straddling both towns, on which Toll Brothers plans to build 78 luxury homes.
The chemicals came from pesticides sprayed on the former apple orchard, as well as treatments to the golf course that succeeded it more than 50 years ago, state authorities said. The contamination runs as deep as two feet.
“They were supposed to remediate the soil,” resident Erik Friis said. “Rather than remove it, the state DEP allowed them to blend it with cleaner soil and keep it in place, basically diluting the levels of toxins.
“But that isn't enough. Any runoff is going to carry those toxins.”
There's been plenty of runoffs, he said, mainly because 1,000 or so trees were cleared to make way for two-story Colonials – 44 in Upper Saddle River and 34 in Mahwah.
Residents had expressed concern following storms – including when heavy winds at the turn of the year blew silt onto their homes and property.
“Back during the rainstorms in November and December, rivers of mud were flowing into the streets and into the storm drains, which go directly into the streams,” Friis said. “Now we have it being pumped directly into the stream.”
Assemblywoman Holly Schepisi said authorities have told her the public shouldn't worry.
"Based upon all of the information I have received, there does not appear to be an environmental hazard that residents need to be worried about at this time," Schepisi told Daily Voice. "The state, the county and the borough are and have been closely monitoring the work being performed on this site.
"I have been assured by several separate agencies that there currently is no environmental risk to the residents of Upper Saddle River," said Schepisi, who got representatives of those agencies involved. "If any of the information provided to me changes I will be out in front demanding immediate action from the state."
CONTINUED: NJ Probes Pumping Into Stream From Mahwah/USR Construction Site
******
ALSO SEE: Upper Saddle River Mayor Joanne Minichetti responded Monday to a Daily Voice story about an investigation into the pumping of muddy water into a stream from a luxury-housing construction site at the former Apple Ridge Country Club by accusing a state assemblywoman of a conflict of interest.
http://northernhighlands.dailyvoice.com/news/usr-mayor-blasts-nj-lawmaker-for-probing-pumping-of-muddy-water-into-stream/736078/
Click here to sign up for Daily Voice's free daily emails and news alerts.
Cardiff: England captain Eoin Morgan insisted his side would stay true to their attacking style after an eight-wicket Champions Trophy semi-final thrashing by Pakistan.
Wednesday`s loss in Cardiff meant England`s wait for a first major ICC one-day international tournament triumph will continue until at least 2019 -- when they stage the next World Cup.
Since their woeful first-round exit at the 2015 edition, England had won plaudits for the dynamic way they had re-invented themselves as a `white-ball` side and they came into this match having won 11 of their previous 12 ODIs.
They were also the only team in the eight-nation Champions Trophy to have won all three of their group games.
But they failed to come to terms with batting on a used pitch after Pakistan captain Sarfraz Ahmed won the toss.
England collapsed to 211 all out, with no batsman making a fifty in an innings where they could not manage a single six.
Even usually big-hitting all-rounder Ben Stokes -- fresh from an unbeaten century against Australia at Edgbaston -- took 64 balls to make a 34 that, remarkably, did not include a solitary boundary.
Pakistan then cruised to their victory target, finishing on 215 for two with a massive 77 balls to spare.
But Morgan promised lessons would be learnt for two years` time.
"One of the huge contributing factors towards topping our table and playing very good cricket in the group stages is that we`ve stayed true to what we believe in and what`s worked for us the last couple of years, and I think that`s the continued formula for the future," the Middlesex batsman told reporters.
"I think it will have to evolve in whatever manner the game does over the next two years in the lead-in to the World Cup, but certainly I think we`re moving in the right direction.
"One of the things about knockout cricket is that you have to adapt to conditions," the 30-year-old former Ireland star added.
"It`s a big challenge jumping from venue to venue but we`re going to have to do that with the World Cup so it`s important for us to go through games like today for our experience."Morgan, however, did give credit to Pakistan for their victory by saying: "I thought they bowled really well. They adjusted to conditions extremely well."
But he indicated the nature of the pitch made it more like a sub-continental surface than a British one.
"I think, going into today`s game knowing that we were going to play on a used wicket potentially brought Pakistan`s game closer to their home (conditions)," he said.
"So it was a big challenge and one that was too far for us."
Pakistan captain Sarfraz Ahmed had a simpler explanation for Wednesday`s outcome, saying: "We played very well. That`s why we won."Meanwhile England coach Trevor Bayliss reckoned a semi-final exit was consistent with an ODI ranking of fourth.
"All credit to Pakistan today, they were too good for us," Bayliss told Sky Sports.
"Two hundred and fifty or 260 would have been a good score and then it would have been a different run chase," the Australian added.
"Our bowlers probably tried to chase the wickets too much and served up too many half-volleys.
"There`s a number of our guys who haven`t been at this level before and it is a learning curve.
"Finishing third or fourth, I think that`s about right where we sit in world cricket at the moment.
"We`ve got a long way to go until we reach the level we want to get to and a level I believe we`re good enough to get to."
Warner Bros. brought back shades of its retail past and spotlighted its treasury of cartoon characters with today's launch of an "experiential" pop-up at 107 Grand Street in the SoHo section of Manhattan.The pop-up, called "The Get Animated Invasion," is a collaboration with Warner Bros. Consumer Products, content provider Boomerang and BoxLunch, the retailer that donates meals to the needy and sells Warner Bros. licensed merchandise.Danielle DiFerdinando of the Danielle Nicole brand is the featured designer in the pop-up, which showcases her line of whimsical and colorful character handbags, including a Tweety Bird cross-body minibag; a Bugs Bunny bucket bag with a carrot on the handle, and a Marvin the Martian backpack, among other handbag styles. She's also designed one of the several Marvin the Martian helmeted space clones on display. Hers has a fur plume, LED lights and jewelry. "I'm playing with textures, cutouts, metallics and glitter," the designer said."As a child watching Looney Tunes, the idea of bringing the animation to life always fascinated me," she said. "With a keen sense of retaining the characteristics of each character, we created a line of urban, edgy street style with a modern twist...while still staying true to the Danielle Nicole brand."[caption id="attachment_11022617" align="aligncenter" width="400"] Danielle Nicole cartoon character handbags, designed by Danielle DiFerdinando.[/caption]The cartoon handbags are for sale in the pop-up's shop, which also sells licensed T-shirts, hoodies, hats, pins, jewelry, wallets, backpacks and gifts, with products designed by such brands as Trunk, Junk Food, New Era and other firms. Adjacent to the shop is a Flintstone's ice cream bar with custom flavors from Milk & Cream, nearby on Mott Street, and Post Cereal.The Warners Bros. pop-up is not a standard pop-up format focused on selling merchandise. It "reimagines" the brand's famed cartoon characters situated in scenes from the cartoons, like Daffy Duck by a bed of carrots, the falling anvil on Wile E. Coyote's turf, and Bugs Bunny in the forest. There's also a Jetson's screening room, Scooby-Doo's spooky woods and Tom and Jerry's house. The sets, sprinkled throughout the 4,500-square-foot space, are photo-ready and Instagrammable. There is also a fleet of Marvin the Martian Funko Dorbz customized by DiFerdinando and other designers. The Dorbz will be auctioned off for charity.[caption id="attachment_11022619" align="aligncenter" width="400"] The Dorbz designed by Danielle DiFerdinando.[/caption]“The Get Animated Invasion pushes the boundaries of fan engagement, blurring the lines between art, content and commerce,” said Pam Lifford, president of Warner Bros. Consumer Products. The pop-up, open only through Sunday, has been timed in conjunction with New York Comic Con.Boomerang is a video streaming service launched in April through a partnership between Time Warner's Turner and Warner Bros. BoxLunch sells licensed Warner Bros. merchandise at its 74 retail doors and online.Warners Bros. had a 10-year run in high-flying retail until early 2001 when it said it would close its New York flagship, which was on the northeast corner of Fifth Avenue and 57th Street, where Louis Vuitton now stands, and also close the rest of the 130-unit chain in the States. Three years ago, Warner Bros. Consumer Products and Eight O'Clock Coffee partnered on a pop-up in Manhattan re-creating the Central Perk coffeehouse from the "Friends" sitcom.
© REUTERS
Five people, including two Girl Guides, have died in freak accidents as violent storms hit Poland amid a heatwave.The two girls, aged 13 and 14, were crushed by falling trees while sleeping in a tent when a storm hit the campground for Girl Guides and Boy Scouts in the northern village of Suszek.Another 20 children were said to have been injured.A woman died when a tree hit her house in the northern village of Konarzyny.In a nearby village, a man sleeping in a tent also perished after being hit by a tree brought down by high winds.Authorities in the same region also confirmed the death of a fifth victim, a 48-year-old man, crushed by a tree.A total of 28 people were reported injured.Power was cut to around half a million homes and businesses as violent winds downed trees and ripped off roofs in northern and southern regions.An unusual heatwave saw peak temperatures soar to the high-30s Celsius across Poland in recent days.However, milder weather is expected this weekend when the mercury is forecast to dip to the mid-20s in most regions.
By BRIAN JENNINGS
STAFF WRITER
The Blue Knight lacrosse team needed one win to clinch a playoff berth, but Coach Ron Chase knew going in that it would be an uphill battle. With a 19-2 loss to Glastonbury on Tuesday, May 22, Southington's season came to an end.
But the Knights were in a meaningful game at the end of the season, and that's a good sign to come.
“Glastonbury's one of the best teams in the state,” said Chase. “It's tough to beat a team like that, no matter how good you are. Southington hasn't beaten them in like 20 years. I don't know the exact date, but it's been a long time.”
Chase said that his team could have avoided needing one win to qualify for the Class L Tournament against one of the top teams in the state in their regular season finale. Earlier in the year, the Knights suffered three losses by a goal and one two-goal defeat, including an overtime loss.
“If we win that overtime game, we're in the playoffs,” said Chase. “That was pretty frustrating, but I give our guys a lot of credit. We asked the freshmen to do a lot for us and put a lot on their shoulders this year. We also had kids that changed positions.”
The Tomahawks never really gave the Knights a chance from the get-go and led by nine at the half. The Tomahawks pulled away with eight goals in the third quarter and finished with 13 different scorers.
“They just seem to keep getting better every year,” said Chase. “If you look at their roster, a lot of their kids are younger as juniors and sophomores. They've got a good future ahead of them.”
Angelo Plantamuro and Evan Johanns netted Southington's two goals. Seth Bogoslovski contributed with an assist.
Chase said that starting goalie Garrett Brown did not play, due to illness. Jacob Cardozo filled in for Brown in the cage and finished with 17 saves.
Chase said that every one of those kids on Glastonbury's team play lacrosse year-round. Even those that play other sports still play lacrosse year-round.
“That's something that we started this year,” said Chase. “We hired guys to coach them in the winter time and fall. We're trying to go in that direction. From youth league on up, they're always the best of the best, and it's tough to compete against them no matter how good you are.”
Looking forward to next season, Chase said that the program has a bright future ahead of them.
“We have a good core of guys coming back next year,” said Chase. “It's just about doing what it takes in the offseason to get us where we need to be. There's only so much that us coaches can do in the offseason.”
Southington finished the regular season at 6-10 (2-8 in the CCC).
For more in depth coverage, see our weekly print edition. To contact sports writer Brian Jennings, email him at BJennings@SouthingtonObserver.com.
By BRIAN JENNINGS
STAFF WRITER
One run in the top of the seventh inning separated the sixth-seeded Lady Knights from their 18th CIAC Class LL title.
Southington had just erased a one run deficit in the bottom of the sixth, but they weren't able to deliver twice. After falling behind by a run for the second time in three innings, Southington's postseason run came to an end with a 4-3 loss to No. 9 Trumbull in the championship game.
The Knights rarely committed errors throughout the season, but on Saturday, June 10, they made five against the Eagles.
“I really believed in the girls and thought that we were going to come through, especially after coming back and tying it up in the sixth,” said Southington coach Davina Hernandez. “But you can't really make five errors and expect to win a state championship.”
Maighread Scafariello gave the Knights an early advantage after leading off the bottom of the second with a home run, and Southington held a 1-0 lead into the top of the fourth inning.
“It went over the fence of the field, and then it went 30 feet over the fence of the complex,” said Hernandez. “It actually left the complex, bounced once, and hit the school. It was one of the furthest home runs I've ever seen in high school, if not the farthest.”
Then trouble started for Southington. Trumbull's Alexandra Szabo led off the fourth with a single, and a throwing error from third to second that ricocheted into the outfield put Courtney Fairfield on first.
An out later, Julia Huzi got on base with a bunt that resulted in a fielder's choice, and Erica Fluskey put the Eagles up by a run, 2-1, with a base hit that scored two. A Taylor Brown solo homerun in the sixth extended Trumbull's lead to two. But the Knights answered.
With two outs and the bases loaded in the sixth, Hernandez made switch in the lineup that paid off. Gabby Verderame-Malachowski pinch-hit twice before Katie Semmel saw her first appearance at the plate.
Hernandez plugged Semmel into the lineup in the sixth, and she came through with a clutch single that drove in a pair of runs to give the Knights the lead back, 3-2.
“Katie has done a really good job making contact this year,” the coach said. “She's a small girl, and I was looking for a big power hit when I had  for her during her second at-bat. When it came around to her third at-bat, I just had a feeling that she was going to step up, and she did.”
Alexa Adinolfi led the seventh off for the Eagles and struck out. However, the pitch was dropped, and she was safe on an errant throw to first. A sacrifice bunt moved Adinolfi over to second, and Szabo hit a hard single down the first-base line to score the go-ahead run.
Trumbull's pitcher, Szabo, got the Knights to pop up for the first two outs of the bottom of the inning, but Abby Lamson and Scafariello managed to get on base with a single and walk. However, Szabo struck out the next batter to end the game.
“Sometimes the ball doesn't bounce your way,” said Hernandez. “We played great defense the whole year, but unfortunately, we just did not play the best defense tonight. I was really happy for Trumbull because they deserved it, but the girls still had a great year though.”
Southington finished with seven hits and stranded nine runners on base. Kara Zazzaro (20-3) threw a complete game on the circle with nine strikeouts, allowing five hits, two earned runs, and two walks.
Southington is now 17-5 all-time in the Class LL championship game after making its 22nd appearance on Saturday night. For the Eagles, it was their first time in the Class LL title game, as Trumbull made it there by defeating No. 5 Stamford, 3-0, in the semifinals.
The Knights finished the season at 22-3 overall.
Semifinals
JUNE 8—A late, fifth-inning rally propelled the Knights into the final of the state tournament for the first time since 2015 with a 6-2 victory over No. 2 Cheshire at DeLuca Field in Stratford on Thursday. Cheshire's pitcher, Abby Abramson, had a perfect game going with eight strikeouts through the first four innings, until the Knights erupted with six runs off six hits in the fifth.
After the first two batters walked and advanced to second and third on a double steal, Frankie Ferrante put the Knights on the board with a bunt single that scored a run. Chrissy Marotto followed with another bunt single that scored a run, and Zazzaro loaded the bases with a base hit.
Verderame-Malachowski pinch-hit for Semmel and drove in a run on a sacrifice fly. Michelle Woodruff continued the offensive onslaught by bringing in another run with a slap hit for a single, and a batter later, Amanda Delorme capped off the rally with a base knock that scored a pair of runs. But Abramson didn't go away quietly.
With a leadoff runner on first in the bottom of the inning, she responded by putting the Rams on the board with a two-run home run. However, she wouldn't get any help from her teammates for the remainder of the game.
Zazzaro allowed the first two Rams to reach base in the bottom of the seventh with a walk and hit batter, but managed to regain her composure by striking out the next three. Zazzaro went on to throw a complete game with nine strikeouts, allowing seven hits and three walks.
Southington finished with eight hits, while Cheshire stranded nine runners on base. Neither team committed an error.
For this week's box scores, click here: (southingtonobserver.com/2017/06/13/weekly-scoreboard-for-the-june-16-edition). To contact sports writer Brian Jennings, email him at BJennings@SouthingtonObserver.com.
The resolution professional for Essar Steel had invited a second round of bidding after the bids of ArcelorMittal and Numetal were rejected in the first round. Photo: Bloomberg
Mumbai: Lenders to Essar Steel Ltd are evaluating inviting fresh bids as current ones are pegged against the liquidation value, far lower than the fair value of the firm.
The committee of creditors (CoC) is expected to meet in the next three days to discuss whether bids should be invited from new resolution applicants considering only 30 days are available to assess the eligibility of the bidder, said two people close to the development.
“We only have a month to assess the eligibility of the new bidder which is very less. Moreover, the current bidders are open to negotiations. So we need to take a call whether we should renegotiate or open the ground for new firms as well,” one of the two persons said.
The decision to reject the bids comes after the National Company Law Tribunal directed the CoC to reconsider the resolution plans submitted by Numetal Mauritius Ltd and ArcelorMittal Netherlands NV in the first round. The lenders had earlier rejected the bids of these companies on the basis of the related party clause of the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code (IBC).
The tribunal has also asked both the bidders to clear debts in defaulting companies where they hold stakes before bidding for Essar Steel.
“One of the bidders has offered 60% of fair value while the other bidder has offered 40%, both of which are below the CoC's expectation,” the two people cited above added.
Meanwhile, JSW Steel Ltd has written to the CoC to consider its application in case a fresh round of bids is called.
The resolution professional for Essar Steel had invited a second round of bidding after the bids of ArcelorMittal and Numetal were rejected in the first round. JSW had agreed to partner with Numetal in the second round in case Numetal's resolution bid was considered eligible.
Namkeen, bhujias and potato chips should attract 5% tax and not 12%, as per a demand put before the GST council. Photo: Bloomberg
New Delhi: From helmets to granite slabs, hybrid cars to namkeen, the GST council is flooded with requests for tweaking tax rates on a variety of commodities.
The council, the highest policy-making body on the goods and services tax (GST), has received requests for changes in tax rates on as many as 133 different products from an array of stakeholders, official sources said. India moved to a GST regime on 1 July after the council fixed over 1,200 products in four tax slabs of 5, 12, 18 and 28%. However, some are not happy with the brackets and have sought changes, sources said.
These include slashing GST on IT products to 12% from 18% as it provides huge employment to skilled persons. On IT hardware, a tax cut from 28% to 18% has been sought. GST on helmets has been sought to be cut from 18% to 5%, on textiles to nil from 5%, on tractors to 5% from 12 per cent and on granite slabs to 18% from 28 per cent currently.
Namkeen, bhujias and potato chips should attract 5% tax and not 12%, as per a demand put before the council. Tax cuts have also been sought on sweetmeats, kulfi, wet dates, Isabgol, and a variety of sugar confectioneries like peanut chikki. Moreover, a request has been made for a cut in tax on macaroni/ pasta/noodles to 5% from 18% as vermicelli is taxed at 5% and there should be uniform tax on all products manufactured through the same set of machines and equipment.
A demand has been made to cut tax rate on packaged drinking water sold in small pouches and refill cans with a 20 litre capacity to nil from the present 18% as GST implementation has seen a sudden rise in their prices. Also, tax on hair pins, LPG stoves, umbrellas, writing instruments, wet grinders, weighing machines compressors, textile machinery parts, chewing tobacco, multi-function printers and handmade carpets comes under the reduction category. GST on chutney power has been sought at 12% from 18% and on pickle to 5% from 12%.
On motorcycles with an engine capacity of more than 350cc and up to 500cc, the 3% cess on top of the 28% tax rate has been sought to be removed as such vehicles are used for commuting. Also, only Royal Enfield makes vehicles of 350cc and above and fulfils the ambition of “Make in India”. A demand has been made to reduce cess on hybrid cars to 3% from 15% currently. The cess is levied on top of the total tax rate of 28%. The reason behind the demand is that these cars are environment-friendly and are required to be encouraged.
GST on sanitary pads has been sought to be nil from 12%. Sources said that the GST council refers some of the tax change requests to the fitment committee to see if there is any merit in the demands and upon recommendation of the committee takes up for approval any changes. GST on dried fish has been sought to be cut to nil from 5%, on plastic scrap to nil from 18%, on fishing nets to 5% from 12%, on furniture to 12-18% from the current 28%. The requests also include cutting 12% tax on agriculture implements to nil or maximum 5%, on raw granite to 5% from 12% and on finished granite to 12% from 28%.
A nil duty has been sought for fly-ash and fly-ash bricks from the current 18% and 12% respectively, to popularize the use of the otherwise environmental pollutant. To help cut reliance on imported oil, duty on bio-diesel or bio fuel extracted from non-edible oilseeds has been sought to be cut to nil or 5% from the current 18%.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlains' World Cup dream looks to be over.
The Liverpool midfielder damaged knee ligaments early in the game against Roma, and Anfield medics fear it is a serious tear...which would keep him out for months.
It is a crushing blow for the former Arsenal man, who was in the form of his life and was hoping to use the Champions' League as a springboard to confirm his place in the England squad that will travel to Russia for the finals.
The midfielder was desperately unlucky as he produced an innocuous challenge on former City man Aleksander Kolarov out on the touchline after just 15 minutes of the contest.
(Image: REUTERS)
But his knee buckled and it seemed to snap, and he was eventually taken away on a stretcher after a lengthy delay.
Liverpool will wait to see the scan results before they confirm the worst, but the feeling within Anfield last night was that their star midfielder will not play again this season.
(Image: AFP)
Jurgen Klopp was asked to provide an injury update after Liverpool's 5-2 victory over Roma.
The Reds boss told BT Sport: "It is probably a really bad injury. If you can say that before the scan, it's never good news."
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
(Image: AFP)
Mohamed Salah bagged a brace in the first half of the semi-final before turning provider to set up Sadio Mane and Roberto Firmino, who made it four.
Firmino netted Liverpool's fifth as the scoreline became embarrassing before Roma bagged two away goals courtesy of Edin Dzeko and Diego Perotti.
× Mariah Carey rep: Dick Clark Productions ‘set her up to fail'
NEW YORK — Mariah Carey's botched New Year's Eve performance is turning into an even bigger controversy.
Carey's team is blaming Dick Clark Productions, the production company behind the annual “New Year's Rockin' Eve” special on ABC, saying the company “set her up to fail.” And Dick Clark Productions is firing back.
“As the premier producer of live television events for nearly 50 years, we pride ourselves on our reputation and long-standing relationships with artists. To suggest that DCP, as producer of music shows including the American Music Awards, Billboard Music Awards, New Year's Rockin' Eve and Academy of Country Music Awards, would ever intentionally compromise the success of any artist is defamatory, outrageous and frankly absurd,” Dick Clark Productions said in a statement provided to CNN.
The statement continued: “In very rare instances there are of course technical errors that can occur with live television, however, an initial investigation has indicated that [Dick Clark Productions] had no involvement in the challenges associated with Ms. Carey's New Year's Eve performance. We want to be clear that we have the utmost respect for Ms. Carey as an artist and acknowledge her tremendous accomplishments in the industry.”
Their response comes after Carey's team spoke to Billboard magazine and claimed that Carey, who had attended a rehearsal earlier in the day, had alerted Dick Clark Productions that her ear piece was not working. Carey's publicist, Nicole Perna, said that her client “was not winging this moment and took it very seriously” and added, “A shame that production set her up to fail.”
Perna separately said to CNN, “There was a production issue. Technical difficulties. Unfortunately there was nothing she could do to continue with the performance given the circumstances.”
As for Carey singing along to a track, a source close to her said: “It is not uncommon for artists to sing to track during certain live performances.”
Carey took the stage shortly before midnight for a three song set, first performing “Auld Lang Syne” before moving to her own song, the 1991 hit “Emotions.” That's when things started visibly going downhill. While the track played, Carey told the audience that a proper sound check had not taken place and opted to let those in the crowd sing her lyrics. After walking off stage in a huff after attempting to sing her hit, “We belong together,” Carey took to Instagram to post a meme with the caption: Sh** happens. Have a happy and healthy new year everybody! Here's to making more headlines in 2017.”
For most of the Buccaneers OTA practices over the last few weeks, there was a question that kept coming up during the voluntary workout.
“Where is DeSean Jackson?”
Jackson got a few practices in with the team, but was also absent from a good amount of them. Because of the nature in how he was acquired and how much of a high profile player he is, there were obviously some eyebrows raised from the media and the fans. However, we tried to settle the scuttle and remind people that it was completely voluntary, and that Jackson had been working out with both Winston and Evans long before the OTA began.
For the start of mandatory mini-camp, Jackson, along with all other 89 players on the roster, were present and accounted for. Before the second mini-camp practice in the middle of the week, Jackson addressed the media for the first time since getting to practice with his new team. He said the welcome he and the other new players have received has been warm.
“From day one, being able to come and build relationship with these guys, new teammates coming into a new place, always being a familiar face, it's been nothing but open arms from these guys here,” Jackson sad. “Open arms since I came in from me as well, it's vise versa for me being able to be in these rooms with some of the younger guys helping out with some of the knowledge I have. It's been great. It's still a ongoing process everyday day in and day out we take pride in what we do coming out working hard on the field translating that to the meeting rooms and being accountable and given it your all.”
The talk of the town is what the Bucs offense will look like with both Jackson and Mike Evans on the same team at the same time. Jackson, a veteran wide receiver in the NFL, was asked what he thought of Evans compared to other receivers he's played with.
“I don't like to try to compare guys,” Jackson said. “I think everyone has their different talents to the game. I'm not taking away no credit from my past receivers in my time, but [Evans] is obviously a freak of nature. He can still can get down the field and make big plays on defenders. Having that combination with a bigger guy and a speedy guy, it's going to be interested to see how it goes during the season. I'm excited about that as well. I know he is, too. I know a lot of fans is, too, so we are ready to get down and strip down and get ready for training camp and August into the season.”
Of course, you couldn't go a full Bucs player interview without being asked about Jameis Winston, but for Jackson is certainly a necessity. He was asked what he is like the most about his new quarterback, and the connection they could have as friends and teammates.
“I have been around some great quarterbacks in my time, but Jameis is special young cat,” Jackson said. “He comes out and works hard, and he asks us to do the same. That's a great quality to have. He's going to be here, he's going to be very accountable and vocal and he gives out what he wants back in.”
And underrated bonus of Jackson's signing is how it will help the Buccaneers defensive backs. Brent Grimes is a veteran, and has seen plenty of top talent over the years, but most of the other cornerbacks are young and still learning the NFL game. For them, it's not only a once a week thing that they see top NFL talent they go up against. This season it will be every day in practice. Jackson talked about that “iron sharpens iron” aspect of coming aboard.
“It's a give and take,” Jackson said. “We got some good players that are being competitive and aggressive, so that's within the game, so it's just a grind. We got another practice left, two practices left until we go away for a little bit of time and regroup and get situated for training camp. I think everyone is taking the right steps to move forward to becoming who we want to become.”
New Delhi: The Supreme Court will on Thursday hear a petition challenging the Centre's notification banning the sale and purchase of cattle for slaughter – a move that backfired and received flak from various quarters.
A Hyderabad-based lawyer, Fahim Qureshi, who had filed the petition, had claimed that the Centre's order was discriminatory and unconstitutional, as it prevented cattle traders from earning their livelihood.
On May 25, the Centre through an order imposed a ban on the sale of cattle, including cows, for slaughter and restricted cattle trade solely to farm owners.
Minister for Environment, Forest and Climate Change Harsh Vardhan ordered that the ministry has notified the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (Regulation of Livestock Markets) Rules, 2017 to ensure that the sale of cattle is not meant for slaughter purposes.
Regulating animal trade is a state business but animal welfare is a central subject, thereby providing the window for the ministry to notify the rule.
In lieu of this, there was widespread opposition of the order, with many states openly denying accepting the notification.
Kerala govt led by Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan and some other northeastern states last month opposed the move and announced that they would not comply with the centre's ordwer.
Vijayan said he would call for a meeting of all the Chief Ministers, asserting that the Union Government does not have the right to issue such an order on cattle slaughter ban.
Vijayan further said that the Centre's new rule is an impermissible encroachment into the domain of the State Legislatures which is a clear 'violation of the spirit of federalism.'
On June 1, the students of the Indian Institutes of Technology (IIT- Madras) staged protest against the same.
With the police deployed in front of the IIT campus, the students protested at the main gate and raised slogans against the Centre's controversial notification.
With ANI inputs
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
As the sun sets, it casts a stunning glow across the face of the Dolomites, Italy.
The photo was taken by Kevin Grace, from Dublin, and highly commended in the International Society of Nature and Wildlife Photographers' Weather Watch photo competition.
The 49-year-old said: “It was taken in northern Italy at a place where my wife and I love to hill walk.
“It is a most beautiful and picturesque place and so, as an enthusiastic landscape photographer I am very drawn to the region.
“The image was taken at Passo Giau, a place I have photographed many times, but on this particular evening, all the conditions were right for a beautiful sunset.”
A lack of lighting, however, in this bluebell scene, below, is what made Ceri Jones' snap such a hit with the judges.
The beautiful photo of a bluebell woods in the mist was taken in Oxfordshire.
(Photo: Ceri Jones / SWNS.com)
Another contender, this time on the continent, was Anita Hummel's cloud formation near Freibug, in Germany.
(Photo: Anita Hummel / SWNS.com)
Meanwhile a church hidden under a blanket of snow, in Vuoksa River, Russia got snapper Igor Sherman commended.
(Photo: Igor Sherman / SWNS.com)
This stormy sea scene may look like something out of a film, but it was actually taken on our shores in Anglesey.
Pro photographer Antony Zacharias captured the scene while storms brewed at the Penmon Lighthouse.
(Photo: Antony Zacharias / SWNS.com)
Wind may be a pain in the best of times but this windswept scene, taken by Gareth Norman, in East Sussex showed that it can indeed be beautiful.
(Photo: Gareth Norman / SWNS.com)
The Northern Lights are always a spectacle for those lucky enough to witness them but they were made the more special in this photo taken by Peter Jones.
(Photo: PW Jones / SWNS.com)
(Photo: Nick Jackson / SWNS.com)
Standing in front of the aurora, Abisko, Sweden, by Nick Jackson
(Photo: Antony Zacharias / SWNS.com)
Talisker Bay storm, Isle of Skye, by Antony Zacharias
(Photo: Carl Crumley / SWNS.com)
Canyonlands Sunset Thunderstorm, Utah by Carl Crumley.
(Photo: Hamish Scott-Brown / SWNS.com)
Sunrise over Flecknoe, Warwickshire, by Hamish Scott-Brown
The overall winner from hundreds of entries was a foggy sunrise in Flecknoe, Warwickshire, captured by 52-year-old snapper Hamish Scott-Brown.
Hamish said: "I know there are the die hard landscape photographers who'll camp up all night in a one-man tent and get the ultimate shot - but I'm not one of them. "I'd seen the weather was going to be a foggy day on that December morning.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Ever since discovering I was vain, aged five, I've had a complicated relationship with my sight.
It started in the first year of primary school when I was prescribed glasses and instinctively vowed there and then never to wear them in public.
My vanity meant that at school anything on the black/white board, and in most text books, was a blur.
During one memorable parents' evening, my mum asked how I was getting on with my glasses.
“Glasses?”, my teacher quizzically responded. “Fiona doesn't wear glasses.” A habit I've continued to practise.
It means that over the years I've ignored countless people who've apparently waved to me from across the street, I've missed spectacular goals at my boys' football matches, not to mention Premier League games.
Ridiculously, I read papers – on the tube, train, in cafes etc – in which I can only make out headlines and pictures.
(Image: Getty)
My husband has to read out the menu in restaurants and decipher small-print in the supermarket. Who said romance was dead?
Career-wise I've survived by winging most speeches at conferences, charity galas, award ceremonies etc, as well as making my TV day job a lot more precarious than it should be.
Especially the years of ‘live' breakfast TV, when I'd often have key interview questions, written while wearing my glasses, that I couldn't make out once I was on the sofa without them.
‘Winging it' is the story of my blurred-vision life so far. Luckily for my husband, family and friends, though, there are some advantages – my poorly peepers have always, for example, presented them in a very attractive light.
On Monday that all changed when I nipped off to Specsavers and skipped home with soft, monthly, disposable contact lenses, which previously, because of my prescription, hadn't been available to me.
It's like a whole new world. I'm writing this without the aid of my glasses, for instance. It's a world of wonder and delight. Apart from the horrific realisation that I have a face I don't recognise any more.
In my previous, cosy, blurry world I was ageless. Now, I'm confronted with a woman who's clearly had one hell of a life and buckets of red wine.
I thought I still ‘had it'. It turns out I've had it.
And, following a recent perusal, it seems my husband has too.
What's the old saying? ‘Beauty is in the eye of the beholder'? I'm thinking I'd rather the version I once beheld, rather than the one I now behold.
Now, where did I put those glasses?
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Brighton chairman Tony Bloom has promised to back manager Chris Hughton in the transfer market following their promotion into the Premier League but will not break the bank as they look to cement their position in the top flight.
The south coast club is celebrating their return to the top tier in English football for the first time in 34 years and are now bracing themselves for a financial windfall.
Promotion into the Premier League is worth an estimated £200million and Hughton will want to bring more experience into his squad as they look to compete with the big guns next season.
(Photo: Rex Features)
But with Brighton having a history of financial problems and Bloom having settled the club with his successful business model, he has no plans to jeopardise the club's future once again.
Bloom said: “The amounts of money in the Premier League does equalise things a bit.
“Money is spent every season at every single club. We have to strengthen, that goes without saying. But we're not looking to spend huge amounts.
(Photo: Getty Images Europe)
“We'll do things on a gradual basis as we have done. We have good players already and we want to strengthen from that position.”
Bloom also made it clear that the club will do everything to keep star midfielder Anthony Knockaert following his superb displays this season.
The French winger was named Championship Player of the Year and the Brighton supremo has no intentions of letting him leave during the summer.
(Photo: PA)
Bloom added: “He'd been a player we'd followed for a while. He wasn't settled at Standard Liege and wanted to come back to England.
“We knew how brilliantly he'd done at Leicester and, in the last 18 months it's been a pleasure watching him. He scores goals and creates goals. He has that X-factor.
“Anthony Knockaert loves Brighton and loves playing for this club. We wanted to keep him and that was one of our easier ones.”
(Photo: Getty Images Europe)
Bloom had special praise for one of the best coaches in England.
Hughton arrived at Brighton when they were struggling near the bottom of the Championship but has worked his magic to help them achieve their dream of gaining promotion back into the flight.
Bloom said: “'He is one of the most respected managers in football. He gets a lot of respect and huge amount of credit from me.
(Photo: Rex Features)
“Everyone is impressed with the job he's done at Brighton. Should he get more credit? I don't know. But he deserves the respect and credit.
“He has done a magnificent job. We were in a bad position when he came in. The first stage was got us to stay up. He did that.
“It wasn't pretty or easy, but even the biggest clubs in the world have bad seasons.”
Get money updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
With many of us off work over the Christmas break, it can be the perfect time to get all those odd jobs around the home sorted out.
Especially if you need to make way for all those new gifts you've received.
But with many DIY stores operating different opening times to normal over the festive period, it's important to make sure you know exactly when your local home improvement store is open - or you may be left disappointed.
To make life a bit easier we've rounded up all the opening times for Wickes , B&Q , Homebase and Argos below.
DIY store opening times
(Image: Getty Images)
Over the Christmas break Wickes will be operating with reduced hours. Double check specific times for your local store using Wickes' online store finder .
Christmas Eve - All Wickes stores will be open from usual time - 4pm.
- All Wickes stores will be open from Christmas Day - All Wickes stores will be closed.
- All Wickes stores will be Boxing Day - All Wickes stores will be open from 10am - 5pm .
- All Wickes stores will be open from . New Year's Eve - All Wickes stores will be open from 6am - 4pm.
- All Wickes stores will be open from New Year's Day - All Wickes stores will be open from 10am - 4pm.
(Image: Getty)
The opening times listed below apply to B&Q stores in England, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland unless specified. Double check specific times for your local store using the B&Q online store finder .
Christmas Eve - All B&Q stores will be open from 10am - 4pm. All stores in Scotland open 9am - 6pm. All stores in Northern Ireland open 1pm - 5pm. Jersey store will be closed.
- All B&Q stores will be open from All stores in Scotland open All stores in Northern Ireland open Jersey store will be Christmas Day - All B&Q stores will be closed.
- All B&Q stores will be Boxing Day - All B&Q stores will be open from 10am - 4pm . Jersey store will be closed.
- All B&Q stores will be open from . Jersey store will be New Year's Eve - All B&Q stores will be open from 10am - 4pm. All stores in Scotland open 9am - 6pm. All stores in Northern Ireland open 1pm - 5pm. Jersey store will be closed.
- All B&Q stores will be open from All stores in Scotland open All stores in Northern Ireland open Jersey store will be New Year's Day - All B&Q stores will be open from 10am - 4pm. All stores in Scotland will be closed.
(Image: PA)
The popular DIY store will be open over the festive break but some stores will be operating reduced opening hours. Customers are advised to check before heading out by using the store finder tool on the Homebase website .
Christmas Eve - Homebase will be open from 7am - 5pm.
- Homebase will be open from Christmas Day - Homebase will be closed.
- Homebase will be Boxing Day - Homebase will be open from 10am - 5pm .
- Homebase will be open from . New Year's Eve - Homebase will be open from 7am - 5pm.
- Homebase will be open from New Year's Day - Homebase will be open from 10am - 4pm . Scotland and Eire stores will be closed.
(Image: PA)
Whether you need some batteries for the kids new toys, a new lightbulb or a few bits in the sales, Argos will be on hand during the festive break for all your shopping needs.
But before heading out it is always advisable to double-check specific times for your local store using the Argos store locator here
The Nigerian community in South Africa on Sunday confirmed the death of a Nigerian and the abduction of another member in that country.
Mr Ikechukwu Anyene, the President of Nigeria Union, South Africa, told the News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) on telephone from Pretoria that both incidents had been reported to the Nigerian Mission in that country.
He alleged that one Victor Nnadi, a native of Orlu in Imo, was suffocated to death on Thursday by the Metropolitan Police in Cape Town.
Anyene claimed that eye witnesses saw the police handcuff the victim and suffocated him to death.
“When the people saw what happened, they raised an alarm and confronted the police.
“The union`s chapter in Cape Town is already on top of the situation and trying its best to facilitate the release of the detained brother of the deceased,” he said.
Anyene, however, urged the Federal Government to persuade the South African government to put measures in place to stop the killing of Nigerians.
The union, he said, also got information on Dec. 24 that one Austin Agunwa, a native of Umuawulu, in Awka South Local Government Area of Anambra, was abducted by unidentified persons at Rustenburg, North West Province.
He said Nigerians in the province raised a search team which later found the victim`s car abandoned, after a crash near a bridge.
Anyene, however, said the vehicle had no blood stain.
“As we speak, we don't know his whereabouts and nobody has claimed responsibility for his abduction.
“We have directed the union`s chapter in the area to report the incident to the police and open a case on the missing Nigerian,” he said.
Anyene also said that the union`s national body would liaise with Nigeria's High Commission to visit Rustenburg over the incident.
“We have also advised our people to be calm and remain law abiding as the union and the Nigerian Mission are handling the situation,” he said.
Comments
comments
In June, Sebi had put in place a new framework for consolidation in debt securities as part of its efforts to deepen the corporate bond market. Photo: Mint
New Delhi: Capital market regulator Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) will work on developing a liquid and vibrant corporate bond segment to make the Indian securities market a “good source” of debt financing, its chairman Ajay Tyagi said.
“Developing a liquid and vibrant corporate bond market further is an important agenda for enhancing the role of the Indian securities market in channelising long term finance. Sebi will work with all stakeholders for this,” Tyagi said in annual report's message.
“The securities market can be a good source of debt financing only in the presence of a liquid and vibrant corporate bond market,” he said further. Going forward, development of the corporate bond market through trading of securitised receipts and increased participation of domestic institutional investors will continue to engage the attention of Sebi.
In June, Sebi had put in place a new framework for consolidation in debt securities as part of its efforts to deepen the corporate bond market. In order to increase liquidity as well as ensure that an issuer's ability to raise funds through debt securities is not curtailed, Sebi focused on minimising the number of ISINs (International Securities Identification Numbers).
Under the new framework, an issuer will be permitted a maximum of 17 ISINs maturing per financial year. A maximum of 12 ISINs maturing per financial year will be allowed only for plain vanilla debt securities. Within the limit of 12, an entity can issue both secured and unsecured non-convertible debentures while no separate category of ISINs will be provided to them.
Furthermore, an entity can issue up to five ISINs every fiscal “for structured debt instruments of a particular category”. ISINs code, which has 12 characters, is used for uniquely identifying securities like stocks, bonds warrants and commercial papers.
According to Sebi, trading of corporate bonds in the secondary market has increased in recent years and stood at Rs14.7 lakh crore in the last financial year. The amount was just Rs1.48 lakh crore in 2008-09. However, liquidity in the secondary market for these bonds has not picked up much, especially in comparison with primary market issuances.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A heartbroken mother has revealed the contents of a cryptic note found among her daughter's possessions - just hours after finding out she had died.
The body of Maisie Cousin-Stirk, 16, was found in woodland near her home in Misterton, Nottinghamshire.
Her older sister Amy Cousin, 27, found a note on top of a set of drawers in her bedroom.
Her distraught mum, Helen Cousin, 46 – who was identifying Maisie's body at the mortuary at the time – believes her 16-year-old daughter was depressed and took her own life.
And she has now revealed the tragic contents of the note in a bid to help other teenagers speak out about their mental health.
(Image: PA Real Life)
Viewed one way, the note read: "I'm fine," but tragically, when the piece of paper was turned upside down, the note read: "Help me."
Admitting she had no idea Maisie was depressed, Helen said: “I never thought she would do this. We were very close and she was always by my side. I really thought she could talk to me about anything.
“I had no idea she was hiding these feelings and I hope that I can just help other teenagers now to speak to someone before it is too late.”
Maisie, who was deciding whether to go to college and complete a childcare course or go to sixth form to do her A-Levels, died six weeks ago, on June 19 – just days after completing her GCSE exams, the results of which her mum will receive later this month.
(Image: PA Real Life)
It was the day of her school leavers' assembly, but she had decided not to go.
“Normally I would have a chat with her before work, but I thought she'd want to lie in on her first day off,” recalled Helen. “ Just before I left, she shouted out to me and I said a quick goodbye.”
In the days before her tragic death, Helen, Maisie and her younger brother Oliver, 12, had been planning for their family holiday together at the beginning of August to Crete.
Helen said: “We had such a lovely day on the Saturday before she died. The sun was shining and we went to the optician to get Maisie her first pair of prescription sunglasses. She was really excited about going away. We were making plans for the summer.
“I remember walking through town behind Maisie and Oliver and just thinking how lucky I was.”
(Image: PA Real Life)
Maisie, a high achiever who was expected to get A*'s, A's and B's, had finished her exams and decided not to go to the leavers' assembly at school as it was optional.
On June 19, Maisie spent the morning with Amy and her children Joel, three, and Scarlett, nine months.
Helen said: “She loved her nieces and nephews and they couldn't wait to spend time with her. Her older brother Luke, 24, also has a little girl called Esme, one.
“Maisie spent most of her free time with them and wanted to work with kids when she was older. It breaks my heart that there are three little people who won't have auntie Maisie anymore.”
Maisie told her sister she was going to the shop to buy some cookies but, instead, she went home and took the family dog Diesel for a walk.
(Image: PA Real Life)
Helen caught sight of her at around 3pm that afternoon, heading home from her walk across the fields around the primary school where she works, just behind their family house.
But when she got home at 5.30pm, after working extra hours helping with cleaning, she realised Maisie was not home and assumed she was still with her sister.
“She was a 16-year-old so she was used to doing her own thing,” Helen, who is no longer with Maisie's dad, Mick, 51, continued. “I just thought she was spending time with her niece and nephew, or maybe she was at her dad's.”
Helen took Oliver to youth club, but on her way home at 6.30pm, she received a message from Maisie's best friend, asking if she had spoken to her, as she hadn't heard from her all day.
Concerned by the message, Helen rang Amy, but Maisie was not with her.
(Image: xxxxxxxxxxx)
She also called Mick, who lives nearby, but he hadn't seen her either.
Anxious, as she ran out of places to check, Helen phoned the police, reporting Maisie missing.
Within an hour of posting about her daughter on Facebook, the community formed a search party - scouring fields and streets, looking for Maisie.
Helen said: “I had all sorts of things running through my head. It was really hot that day and I thought maybe she had passed out somewhere. I never imagined she would do anything to hurt herself.”
Sadly, around 5am, Amy's partner Liam Hunter, 24, was on the phone to Helen, when he discovered Maisie's body in a lane, only a few minutes from their house.
(Image: PA Real Life)
Helen said: “I just screamed and screamed. I couldn't believe this had happened to us.
“I had no idea that Maisie was feeling so bad that she felt she had to do this. I don't know why and I don't think I ever will.”
The next day, Helen and Mick travelled to Nottingham to identify Maisie's body.
Trying to feel closer to her sister, Amy looked through the things she had left in her bedroom and discovered the note, carrying the two opposing messages – showing it to her mum when she got home.
“I couldn't stop thinking about the note,” Helen said. “There are kids out there, like Maisie, who don't talk about their problems or seem to be upset. This summed it up for me.
“I woke up in the middle of the night and realised I wanted to use her doodle to do something positive.
“I looked at a few companies then and emailed the Lapel Pin Company about creating some badges, carrying the same message, and in the morning I woke up to a response them.”
(Image: PA Real Life)
As they prepared for Maisie's funeral at Misterton on 13 July, 750 of the badges arrived and Helen shared them with friends and family.
Within days, they had all gone and Helen decided to do something positive with the raised by their sale and a justgiving page set up in Maisie's memory, using her cryptic note as the logo for her campaign.
The family are also raising money through Justgiving to create a sensory garden at the primary school where Helen works.
In addition, Helen is fundraising for the suicide prevention charity Papyrus, who she hopes to work with to train teachers and school staff across the country in how to deal with depression and suicidal thoughts in young people.
And, despite still struggling to come to terms with her grief, Helen is determined to speak out to help other children.
“Maisie was a fantastic daughter. She was doing well at school. She didn't have loads of friends, but I think she wanted it that way and she had a few very close friends. I know they had fallings out and there were stresses and worries but I thought those were just normal teenage things.
“She didn't leave any letters or anything explaining why. I have so many unanswered questions but now I just want to raise money and awareness so maybe I can stop another family having to go through this.”
For more information about Maisie's campaign, visit the Facebook page here .
If you're struggling to cope with mental health issues here are some of the ways you can access help.
Samaritans (116 123) operates a 24-hour service available every day of the year. If you prefer to write down how you're feeling, or if you're worried about being overheard on the phone, you can email Samaritans at jo@samaritans.org.
Analysts on average had expected Coal India to post a profit of Rs2,662 crore in the June 2017 quarter. Photo: Indranil Bhoumik/Mint
Bengaluru: Coal India Ltd, the world's largest coal miner, said its first-quarter profit fell 23%, missing analysts' estimates.
Profit fell to Rs2,351 crore ($366.7 million) for the three months ended 30 June, from Rs3,065 crore a year earlier, the state-run company said on Monday.
Analysts on average had expected the company to post a quarterly profit of Rs2,662 crore, according to Reuters data.
Coal production of the Kolkata-based company, which accounts for more than 80% of the country's output, fell to 118.84 million tonnes in the quarter from 125.67 million tonnes a year earlier.
click to enlarge Provided
From a distance, it might look like a pile of wooden rubble lying in the middle of the floor at the Gibbes Museum of Art. But then, as you get closer, you realize that there's a conscious shape to the wreckage; the broken timbers seem to rise like a wave at one end, and there's a small ship entangled in the wood at the lowest ebb. And then as you get even closer to the sculpture, which is called Storm At Sea and was created by a multi-disciplined Atlanta artist named Radcliffe Bailey, you realized that these jagged wooden shards are piano keys, ripped from their former instruments and placed among the debris.
This is the centerpiece of Bailey's new exhibit at the Gibbes, called Pensive, and it forms the spine of the exhibit. Tangled in the broken wood is a deeply resonant message about 400 years of slavery in America, the toll it took on African-American families, and the lives it destroyed.
"It's certainly the centerpiece of the exhibit," says Pam Wall, the curator of exhibitions at the Gibbes. "In part because of its physical presence, and the fact that it's a site-specific installation."
The piano keys are a recurring theme in Bailey's work, and Wall says that they're meant to represent a sense of displacement.
"That's something that carries through his work," she says. "A number of his pieces include piano keys, and I think that while the sculpture simulates this idea of the ocean and these turbulent waves, the keys themselves have a history. They were pulled from a piano. They are things that were displaced and taken out of their original form, and in that form, they carried music. So there's this cultural aspect, and a history that is a part of those keys that ties into his message of exploring the transatlantic slave trade and the people who were displaced and torn from their homes and sent on this horrible journey across the Atlantic."
The Gibbes has been working with Bailey for almost 20 years, starting when they acquired one of his large prints in 2000. In 2010, he was awarded the 1858 Prize For Contemporary Southern Art by the Gibbes. The prize awards $10,000 to an artist whose work contributes to a new understanding of art in the South.
And Bailey's work most definitely has a Southern perspective, even if it often touches on parts of the South's history we might not be as comfortable with.
The Pensive exhibit includes everything from a cast bronze statue of civil rights activist and author W.E.B. Du Bois as Rodin's "The Thinker" to The Windward Coast, a disturbing piece in which a man's head, covered in black sequins, bobs in a sea of wooden debris. The themes of history even come up in the materials Bailey chooses; he often works with worn canvases or weather-beaten tarps or vintage photographs to create a sense of the harshness of the past.
click to enlarge Provided
"We're an American art museum with a focus on the Southern region of the country," Wall says, "and Radcliffe's work so powerfully ties into the history of the South. He draws on that history that we've struggled with for so long, but he has such a unique voice. And there's this beautiful poetry to his work. I think it's so powerful when you view it in person, that's why we're so excited to have the opportunity to show a large exhibition of what he's created."
Bailey himself has spoken in the past about how personal and spiritual the experience of creating his art is for him, and the Pensive exhibit will actually offer people a chance to hear about his process. Bailey will be hosting an artist-led tour of the exhibit before it opens on Friday, where he will talk about the creation of the various pieces. Wall says that with an artist whose work often relies heavily on symbolism and metaphor, the chance to hear him lay out his ideas is invaluable.
"He talks about how the creation of these works is a way of grappling with these questions and issues," she says, "and it's this act of finding this beauty in history and working through the issues as he creates the work. So this tour is a really great opportunity to hear what he was thinking about and what was inspiring him when he created these works. Because some of it is so subtle, and you might have a lot of questions when you look at it. To be able to be in the space and experience the artwork with the artist is always meaningful, particularly with Radcliffe. There's such depth to his work that hearing him talk about it is a wonderful experience."
Both amateurs and professionals of all ages are nowadays using nutritional supplements to enhance their physical performance. If you are looking for essential protein shakes, amino acids and vital supplements, you can always count on Defendo Protein for quality and affordable prices. Defendo Protein is a leading sports supplement company that has earned itself a name for providing a variety of protein shakes, energy gels and weight management supplements at the best prices. Many champion bodybuilders across the globe have used Defendo Protein supplements to increase their muscle mass, strength and endurance.
One of the senior executives at Defendo Protein said, “We are offering a wide range of protein shakes and powders in different flavours for the bodybuilders and athletes. Some of our popular products include Total Skin Care Cream, Best Whey Protein for Beginners in India, Pure Whey Protein Powder, Buy Protein Powder At Best Price in India, Best Protein Supplement in India, Best Protein Powder in India, Best Whey Protein for Building Muscle in India, Bodybuilding, Skin Care, Fairness Cream. Available in a wide range of delicious flavours, this supplement contains 100% whey protein and all the amino acids you need to sustain intense physical workout. Moreover, we are offering 10% discount on this Pure Whey Protein Powder.”
Defendo Protein offers all its products at extremely reasonable prices. The company manufactures all the supplements in strict compliance with the international biotechnology and sports medicine standards, and the legislative requirements in India. The company has received several awards for its efficient work organization, products quality and highest standards of customer service. Defendo Protein works in close collaboration with nutrition experts, fully integrated laboratories, sports physicians and famous athletes to create the best quality supplements for the professionals.
Speaking further, the senior executive added, “We strive to provide high quality products at the most competitive prices to our customers. If you want to lose weight, you can try our quick weight loss pills. You can experience significant weight loss by combining our weight loss pills with a healthy diet and regular exercise. Our weight management supplements have helped many customers lose their extra fat. One of our best selling weight management supplements is Pure Whey Protein Powder, which is highly effective against subcutaneous fat.
Defendo Protein supplements are quite popular with the athletes, bodybuilders, weightlifters, and others sportspersons. For those who are looking to lose weight faster, Defendo Protein weight loss pills are a great option. If you want to find the best ways to lose weight, you can visit.
About Defendo Protein
Defendo Protein is a reputed and reliable sports supplement company that offers a huge selection of products, which include protein shakes, fat reducers, energy enhancers, amino acids, carb products, testosterone booster and many other vital supplements. All the bodybuilding supplements offered by the company contain the best quality active components in high doses. One of the best selling Defendo Protein products is the Pure Whey Protein Powder. If you want to Try Pure Whey Protein Powder to build muscles quickly, you can visit https://defendoprotein.com/
Contact Details
Defendo Protein
Mumbai office:
8-9, KerkoBhai Indi. Estate, Kheli Pada, Near Dhaisar Toll Naka, Dhaisar (East), Mumbai – 400068
Jaipur Office:
FS-2, Gaytri Nagar A, Maharani Farm, Jaipur – 302018
Customer Care No. – +91 8080980903
Email: info@defendoprotein.com
Website: https://defendoprotein.com/
Related Coverage Milford Police warn parents to keep kids on dirt bikes, ATVs off public roads
WEST HAVEN, Conn. (WTNH) — A warning was issued to West Haven parents from the town's police department.
Officers are now addressing kids who are illegally and dangerously riding their bikes in traffic.
The police department's Facebook page recently posted a picture showing kids popping wheelies in front of a car.
Related Content: Milford Police warn parents to keep kids on dirt bikes, ATVs off public roads
Police say parents should talk to their kids about this dangerous and illegal behavior.
Otherwise, officials say they will need to get involved and confiscate the bikes before someone gets hurt.
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The PlayStation 4 game Detroit: Become Human took flack last week because its trailer included footage of a father's abusive behaviour towards his young daughter .
On first appearances it seems like an inappropriate subject for a video game.
However, this question — of what games can and can't include — is revealing of the place games currently hold in wider culture.
Unlike reading books or watching films, we happily divide the world into those who game and those who don't. In spite of the size of the industry, games are considered by many to be just entertainment for a niche audience.
For those that play them, however, they are more than just a lifestyle choice. Video games offer new and compelling way to tell stories, experience different perspectives and even make sense of the world.
Game makers too, treat games as cultural objects. They create spaces where the sorts of subjects we find in novels, TV dramas and movies can be addressed in powerful ways. It's this, more than technological advancement, or adrenaline thrills, that makes them such an exciting medium.
(Image: Sony)
But this disconnect — between what games are and what they are generally thought to be — makes it difficult to find a balanced way to talk about controversial games in the mainstream media.
As Iain Simons, Director of the National Videogame Arcade, put it recently. “Video games speak culture with ever increasing fluency. The problem is that cultural policy doesn't speak video game – yet”. The recent outrage to the Detroit: Become Human trailer is testimony to this.
Let's be clear, though. The trailer is a shocking piece of video game footage.
A beautiful android housekeeper tries to protect a young daughter from her belt-wielding aggressive father. Initially she fails to do this and the girl appears to be killed. As the footage continues, though, we are shown that multiple outcomes are possible: flee with the daughter, lock him out, confront his behaviour, hide the daughter or grab a gun.
Those literate with these types of video games, understand these scenes through a grid. They know that the game isn't about being a child abuser, or glorifying that scenario. Like the difficult subjects we appreciate being included in soap operas, books and films, there's an expectation that it is appropriately handled, but ultimately it's a positive experience for adults.
To those unfamiliar with what games are becoming, this seems distasteful. Everyone would agree that for a medium that's sole purpose was entertainment it would be inappropriate to use this topic as an ill-advised novelty. But that's not all games are.
Dame Esther Rantzen told The Mail on Sunday : “Violence against children is not entertainment. It's not a game… The makers of this game should be thoroughly ashamed. I think it's perverse. Who thinks beating a child is entertainment?”
(Image: NSPCC/Childline)
She is right, no one thinks this is entertainment. But she has wrongly assumed that entertainment is all games can be.
I spoke to Andy Phippen, Professor of Children and Technology at Plymouth University, who identified the confusion well: “Once again we have a moral outrage because a video game is depicting something that happens in real life. There is no indication that the abuse of the child in the game is portrayed in a sensational or light hearted manner. Games such as Detroit Become Human have more in common with morally complex and challenging films such as Oldman's Nil By Mouth than Space Invaders and Pac-Man.”
Andy Burrows, of the NSPCC, added to concerns in the article that “any video game that trivialises or normalises child abuse, neglect or domestic violence for entertainment is unacceptable.” Tory MP Damian Collins, Chairman of the Culture, Media and Sport Select Committee, agreed. “It is completely wrong for domestic violence to be part of a video game regardless of what the motivation is.”
Again these are good points, if the medium of video games was restricted to only fun and entertainment. But this simply isn't the case any more.
Including these difficult subjects in the games we play can, actually, have positive outcomes. Phippen highlighted some of these benefits. “As we have seen from key story lines in soaps like East Enders, bringing these issues into the public consciousness, using dramatic vehicles, there is increased likelihood that those who have suffered from abuse will speak up. They often feel no one will believe them, and abusers are very good at isolating victims, so to see dramatised stories and events they can relate to, they are reminded they need not suffer in silence.”
Another challenge to the game's inclusion of the abuse scenario was that children may play the game. Games sold in the UK have a rating that is legally enforced at the point of sale. It's illegal for anyone under the stipulated age to buy a game that is rated PEGI 12, 16 or 18. It's not illegal for a parent to buy the game for their underage child though, which caused some to suggest games like this should be banned.
I spoke to Gianni Zamo, Communications Officer for the Video Standards Council who administer video game ratings in the UK. He said that “Detroit: Become Human has not yet been submitted to us for a rating and we cannot, therefore, comment on whether it will attain a release certificate or otherwise. We are rightly obliged to be objective and non-partisan in the matter of rating video games and we will invariably come to a considered judgment ultimately.”
(Image: Sony)
Specifically on whether some subjects should be considered off limits for video games, Zamo continued, “the representation of domestic violence/child abuse themes in a video game is not something we would consider to be ‘forbidden' unless it is presented in such a way that we conclude it is likely to generate significant harm to the consumer and contravenes the legislation under which we operate. It is also worth mentioning that many cinema films and videos dealing with these themes have been released over many years without subsequent ill-effect upon the consumer.”
Phippen takes this one step further, highlighting how banning games masks the real issue. “Calls to ban unpalatable games is not going to tackle any of the real problems we, as a society, face. Banning a game like Detroit: Becoming Human will not prevent domestic violence against children, it has been happening for far longer than videos games have existed.”
As you can tell, I'm suggesting that these knee-jerk reactions are not only inappropriate but also unhelpful. That's not to say video games are perfect, or unproblematic. They often have a too-cosy relationship with violence and tendency to make shooting people in the head entertaining.
However, rather than outrage and banning, this should cause us to press the games we play to deal with these difficult subjects in a genuinely mature way.
Anne Longfield, Children's Commissioner for England, makes a salient point here in the Mail on Sunday article: “Whatever the makers' motivations it seems to end up in a clumsy, inappropriate and graphic game play that is no more than an unpleasant exploitative way of making money off the back of real suffering”.
This is a much better challenge for game makers like Quantic Dream's David Gage. Can games like Detroit: Become Human find the maturity and nuance to do justice to including such difficult and delicate subjects.
(Image: Sony)
We need to ask better questions of games like Detroit: Become Human. What is it about? How does it deal with this theme coherently? What does it teach us about its subject matter that books and film could not. Does it take its interactive nature seriously? What can we learn about ourselves and our society from playing the game?
As with films, books and theatre, there are plenty of examples of video games including shocking scenes for no better reason than to generate headlines. But also, there are plenty of games that shine new light on tough subjects.
The Last of Us is a strong example. Although hugely violent, for adult players it offers a unique study of the relationship between parents and their children and does so in a way completely distinct to how a book or film can address the subject.
The question for Detroit: Become Human is not whether it should be allowed to exist but how well it can live up to the scenes in this trailer. This way of introducing itself has certainly set the bar high, but it's within its grasp to meet this topic with maturity and nuance.
We need to grant the developer space to complete their work as a whole before jumping to conclusions from one troubling scene.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Loose Women and This Morning viewers were outraged after the usual TV shows were cancelled due to the General Election.
The second half of This Morning and all of Loose Women were both cancelled after the Prime Minister Theresa May announced she's going to hold a snap general election on 8th June.
The ITV shows will be back on as normal tomorrow, and the planned guests will be scheduled in for another show.
Announcing the news on their Twitter, Loose Women wrote: "Due to @Number10gov making the general election announcement today, Loose Women will NOT be on air as @itvnews brings you all the latest.
(Photo: Rex Features)
(Photo: AFP)
"We'll be back on air tomorrow lunchtime as usual!
"Due to the general election announcement, today's guests - @MeganOMullally & @jimmyconstable - will appear on the show at a later date."
Loose Women viewers were furious as their show was pulled off the air.
One said: "First @thismorning gets pulled off the air and now @loosewomen as well If I wanted to watch the news all day I would turn to news channels!"
(Photo: ITV)
Another added: "Great so #thismorning taken off air now #LooseWomen..how many times can we be told there's going to be an election ..."
A third agreed: "Why have they're not showing lose women who care about the news we know what is going on now (sic)."
Some viewers even suggested they move Loose Women to ITV2.
*Loose Women continues on ITV1 tomorrow at 12.30pm
Imagine Nation, A Museum Early Learning Center located at One Pleasant St. in Bristol was awarded a $4,000 grant from the McPhee Foundation to support a monthly program for children and families.
The program, Sensory Saturday, occurs on the second Saturday of each month at Imagine Nation, A Museum Early Learning Center. Imagine Nation opens early at 9 a.m. for children with special needs or children with sensory processing disorders.
The 12 multi-sensory interactive museum studios invites children to touch, discover and create. This environment is modified into a sensory- friendly space with lowered lighting and sound, said a press release from the museum.
“Our museum mission is to provide inquisitive and imaginative life-long learning for all children, and give them a place where they are comfortable to explore and be more creative. We are most appreciative of the McPhee Foundation for their support of this unique program,” Coral Richardson, director, said in a press release.
Complimentary admission is provided for this program through the generosity of the McPhee Foundation through June 2017.
April 12 China United Travel Co Ltd :
* Says it plans to invest 1.5 million yuan to set up a Hubei-based equity investment JV with partners and hold 30 percent stake in JV
* Says it will contribute capital of 23.5 million yuan to establish sport industry investment buyout fund, equivalent to a 9.4 percent stake
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/9SUIg7
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
ALBANY — Nassau County Republican Chairman Joseph N. Mondello on Tuesday endorsed Dutchess County Executive Marc Molinaro for governor, providing further momentum for Molinaro over his GOP primary opponent, Sen. John DeFrancisco (R-Syracuse).
“Marc Molinaro has a proven track record as Dutchess County executive,” Mondello said. “He's a young, dynamic candidate who will bring a great deal of energy and enthusiasm to this year's Republican ticket.”
Last month, Suffolk GOP Chairman John Jay LaValle backed Molinaro at a meeting of GOP party leaders.
There was no immediate comment from DeFrancisco, who has noted Molinaro appears to be gaining support among GOP leaders.
Molinaro has the support of leaders of the state Conservative Party, which has been essential for Republicans to have a chance to win statewide office in a state dominated 2:1 by Democratic voters.
On the Democratic side, two-term Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo faces Working Families Party candidate Cynthia Nixon, an activist and actress.
“Our state is heading in the wrong direction,” Mondello said in defense of Molinaro. “New Yorkers are burdened with some of the highest taxes in the nation. Businesses continue to flee our state taking good-paying middle class career opportunities with them. Without a dramatic change in course, New York's middle class will be decimated and our once great Empire State will be home to only the very rich and very poor.”
Molinaro had no immediate comment.
PHOENIX (AP) — Kristi Toliver scored 30 points, Tianna Hawkins had 13 points and a career-high 12 rebounds and the Washington Mystics beat the Phoenix Mercury 103-95 on Wednesday night.
Rookie Ariel Atkins added a season-best 21 points in her first start for Washington (5-1), which was without star Elena Delle Donne for a second straight game due to an illness. Toliver made 10 of 16 shots from the field, and the Mystics went 11 of 17 from 3-point range.
Toliver scored 15 points in the first half to help Washington build a 49-43 lead. The Mystics started the second half on a 6-0 run and led by at least 10 points throughout the fourth quarter.
Brittney Griner scored 27 points on 13-of-16 shooting and DeWanna Bonner added 25 points for Phoenix (2-3), which has lost three straight. Diana Taurasi picked up three fouls in the first half and finished with nine points.
Comments
comments
Scientists “too frightened” to tell truth on climate impacts
By Paul Brown . This article was produced by the Climate News Network
Professor Peter Wadhams says peers are failing in their duty, and warns China is planning huge land grabs as warming hits crop production
Scientists "know" dangerous levels of climate change is happening, but they do not want to alarm people, says Wadhams. "It is bordering on the dishonest" (Pic: Pixabay)
China is protecting itself against future food supply problems caused by climate change by buying or leasing large tracts of land in Africa and South America, a leading UK climate scientist says. Professor Peter Wadhams, an expert on the disappearing Arctic ice, says that while countries in North America and Europe are ignoring the threat that changing weather patterns are causing to the world food supply, China is taking “self-protective action”. He says that changes in the jet stream caused by the melting of the ice in the Arctic are threatening the most productive agricultural areas on the planet. “The impact of extreme, often violent weather on crops in a world where the population continues to increase rapidly can only be disastrous,” he warns. “Sooner or later, there will be an unbridgeable gulf between global food needs and our capacity to grow food in an unstable climate. Inevitably, starvation will reduce the world's population.”
Professor Wadhams, former head of the Polar Ocean Physics Group at the University of Cambridge, says China has already realised this is a threat to its future stability and has been taking over large areas of land in other countries to grow crops to protect its food supply.
The drawback, he says, is that the Chinese are introducing industrial agricultural practices that damage the soil, the water supply and the rivers.
“But China is positioning itself for the struggle to come − the struggle to find enough to eat,” he says. “By controlling land in other countries, they will control those countries' food supply.”
Professor Wadhams, who is a former director of the Scott Polar Research Institute in Cambridge, is the UK's most experienced sea ice expert.
In his new book, A Farewell to Ice, he describes a number of serious threats to the planet resulting from the loss of Arctic ice. These include much greater sea level rise than estimated by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change(IPCC), resulting in the flooding of cities and of low-lying deltas where much of the world's food is grown.
He says China has seen the unrest in parts of the world caused by food price increases in 2011 during the Arab Spring, and has sought to guard against similar problems at home by buying land across the globe.
His warnings are echoed in Brazil, where there are concerns about Chinese plans to build a 3,300-mile (5,000km) railway to get soya, grain and timber to the coast to supply China's needs.
But fears over land grabs by China are only a small part of the changing world that will be created by the loss of ice in the Arctic discussed by Wadhams in his book.
He attacks the last four British prime ministers − John Major, Tony Blair, Gordon Brown and David Cameron − for talking about climate change and doing little. And he says his fellow scientists on the IPCC are failing in their duty to speak out about the full dangers of climate change.
Professor Wadhams told Climate News Network that colleagues “were too frightened of their jobs or losing their grants to spell out what was really happening”. He said it makes him very angry that they are failing in their duty through timidity.
Based on his own measurements and calculations, he believes that summer ice in the Arctic will disappear before 2020 – which is 30 years before the IPCC estimate.
He also believes that sea level rise has been badly underestimated because the loss of ice from Greenland and the Antarctic was not included in the IPCC's estimates.
“My estimates are based on real measurements of the ice in the Arctic – the IPCC rely on computer simulations. I know which I believe.”
He is also concerned about the large escapes of methane from the Arctic tundraand the shallow seas north of Siberia – again, something that has not been fully taken into account in the IPCC's calculations on the speed of warming.
Bordering on dishonest
“They know it is happening, but they do not want to frighten the horses
[alarm people]. It is bordering on the dishonest,” he says.
Professor Wadhams has concluded that there is now so much carbon dioxide in the atmosphere that dangerous warming is inevitable unless more drastic action is taken. He says reducing emissions will help, along with planting forests, but it will never be enough.
“What is needed is something that has not been invented yet − a large-scale method of passing air through a machine and taking out the carbon dioxide,” he says.
“In the long run, only by taking carbon out of the air can we hope to get the concentrations down enough to save us from dangerous climate change.
“It is a tall order, but if we spend enough money on research we can find a way. Our future depends on it.”
© Erik Mcgregor/Global Look Press via ZUMA Press / www.globallookpress.com
A former Oklahoma City mayor has drawn the ire of the LGBTQ community after controversial comments made on a political talk show.During a heated discussion on Sunday about the slew of sexual harassment and assault allegations within the world of US politics, Co-Chairman of Oklahoma University's Board of Regents Kirk Humphreys challenged guest co-host, and Democratic representative, Emily Virgin.While discussing the case of disgraced Democratic Senator Al Franken, Virgin said she didn't think homosexuality was wrong, to which Humphreys replied: "Well I do." He then muddied the waters with a non sequitur by alluding to former US representative Barney Frank, an openly gay politician.Humphreys said on NBC affiliate KFOR Visibly taken aback, Virgin replied: "I'm unclear on what Barney Frank did other than being a homosexual. Are you saying there was some inappropriate conduct on his part? Because I'm not aware of that."Humphreys went on:Humphreys is chairman of the board for Oklahoma Gas & Electric Company and the CEO and chairman of the Humphreys Company, a real estate development firm. He was also the mayor of Oklahoma City from 1998 to 2003. He was appointed to the board of regents of Oklahoma University, of which he is an alumnus, in 2012."Mr. Humphreys expressed his personal views on Flashpoint," OU's press secretary Matt Epting said in an email, as cited by OU Daily . "He was not speaking on behalf of the University of Oklahoma." When asked for clarification after the show, Humphreys said he had no additional comment at the time."Flashpoint has been on the air for more than 20 years. Every possible subject has been discussed over the course of those decades. What has remained consistent is the policy regarding that political affairs program... Neither the host, nor the analysts nor the guests speak for KFOR," the station wrote in an online statement , distancing itself from the controversy.Troy Stevenson, executive director of Freedom Oklahoma, an LGBTQ advocacy group, said in a statement : "Mayor Humphreys statements on Flashpoint this morning were completely shocking. To compare gay men - and specifically Congressman Barney Frank - to pedophiles and sexual predators is a step way too far."The Dean of Oklahoma University denounced Humphreys remarks saying, "Regent Humphreys' comments are not only disrespectful, they are entirely unacceptable."During his time as mayor, Humphreys had at least one high-profile battle with the LGBTQ community."We are not talking about free speech here. We are talking about paid advertising," Humphreys said in 2001 regarding a proposed city ordinance preventing banners being hung from city utility poles and bus benches by the gay rights advocacy group The Cimarron Alliance, reported WTVA In 2002, the Cimarron Alliance, which would later become part of Freedom Oklahoma, won a lawsuit against the city with banners reading: "For a Fair and Just Oklahoma," hung along the city's main boulevard's shortly after the victory."We cannot have leaders who have small-minded, inconsiderate ideas," Student Government President J.D. Baker said in the statement. "Instead, we must have thoughtful, deliberate and respectful leaders who understand the value that each person brings to our institution. Right now, is the time we must ask, will the university be able to 'Live On' with a leader who possesses such insolent ideas?"
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Do I believe Everton should have been awarded a penalty when striker Dominic Calvert-Lewin went down under a challenge from Liverpool's Dejan Lovren on Sunday?
No, I don't.
Calvert-Lewin took a step to the right to bump off the Croatian and that legitimised the fall.
So I can understand why Jurgen Klopp was frustrated.
But what he should have said in his post-match interview after the 1-1 draw was, ‘That wasn't a penalty, we tried to play the game in an open and honest way.'
(Image: Liverpool Echo)
(Image: Liverpool Echo)
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: EPA-EFE / REX/Shutterstock)
Instead, he lost face by having a go at Sky Sports' Patrick Davidson and telling him he “only wanted to talk to people who have a little bit of understanding about football” after the reporter had given his opinion that it was a “soft penalty”.
What Klopp didn't realise was that the pundits back in the studio, with something like 600 caps and five Champions Leagues titles between them, had agreed with their colleague.
It was cowardice on Klopp's part and he should not have done it.
When managers vent at like that they are basically taking their frustrations about an official, their players, opposition players or managers out on a convenient target.
(Image: Liverpool FC via Getty)
And in this instance there was an element of the mask dropping and the side of Klopp we rarely see behind that big laugh and smile revealing itself.
He came across as spiteful and completely unprofessional, and perhaps he'd have been better served explaining properly why he'd left out Philippe Coutinho and Roberto Firmino than getting caught up in a debate about the penalty.
It's bizarre that a player can score a hat-trick in midweek — having played brilliantly the previous Saturday — and then find himself on the bench for the derby, as Coutinho did.
(Image: EPA-EFE / REX/Shutterstock)
And I don't care which manager made that call — Klopp, Pep Guardiola, Jose Mourinho, Arsene Wenger or Mauricio Pochettino — it struck me as someone trying to reinvent the wheel.
If I'd been in Coutinho's position, then my manager would have seriously upset me if he told me I was out of the clash with our local rivals. And he'd have needed a wagon and horses to drag me away from the stadium.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Anyway, I digress, because Klopp wasn't the only manager misbehaving at the weekend, with Mourinho having a pop at Michael Oliver after the Manchester derby.
The Portuguese was just fudging the issue completely rather than being honest and saying, ‘We lost to the better team on the day'.
You'd have had a lot more respect for that.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
It isn't just those two guilty of excuse-making, because you can guarantee Sam Allardyce would have said the same as Klopp had the foul been on a Liverpool striker by an Everton defender.
All bar one of them will say, ‘That was a foul' one week and, ‘Never!' the next.
Get the Daily Mirror free for a month with our tablet edition You can get a whole month of Britain's most loved newspaper free of charge… if you simply sign up for the tablet edition. The app - which automatically downloads the full paper to your tablet - is ready for you each morning. All new users can take advantage of a FREE one month trial. Download it now! The offer is available on… The iTunes store Google Play Kindle Fire Available to new subscribers only.
(Image: Getty)
Burnley's Sean Dyche is the only manager who'll say, ‘Yep, we were awful today', or ‘Actually, we were great' — and how refreshing that is.
The rest of them deflect from their own inadequacies and it's like being in the playground rather than listening to a professional interview with a Premier League manager.
BOSTON (AP) — Federal fishing regulators say a species of food fish caught by U.S. fishermen in the Atlantic Ocean has become overfished.
The National Marine Fisheries Service says red hake have become overfished in its southern Georges Bank and mid-Atlantic stocks. The service has informed the New England Fishery Management Council that it needs to craft a plan to end the overfishing and rebuild the stock.
Red hake is a species of whitefish that has been brought to land from Maine to North Carolina over the years. The catch has fallen from more than 3.6 million pounds in 2001 to about 1 million pounds in 2016.
Most red hake come to shore in Rhode Island, Massachusetts, Connecticut and New York.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
School Districts are still struggling to understand what the Governor's amendatory veto of the school funding formula bill last week means for them. But, Unit Five Superintendent Mark Daniel says it's not great. And schools still have no idea when they'll be getting state payments, however much those might be. Plus an update on the readiness of Unit Five's bus company as the school year begins, the status of the opioid addiction in McLean County, and the music of the Supersuckers.
Silicon 360: Do you agree with our cloud panel on the evolution of the cloud?
One of the conclusions from our Silicon 360 panel was that cloud strategies have matured in the past few years as organisations acquire a greater understanding of the cost, cultural and technical aspects – but do you agree?
Research from the Cloud Industry Forum suggests nine tenths of all UK organisations will use at least one cloud service in 2017 but issues like security and privacy persist.
Read More: Silicon 360 – The final barriers to cloud
Cloud strategies
Our panel said that whereas a few years ago, cloud-able businesses might have elected to throw every single application at one public cloud vendor just because it was on trend – organisations were taking a more considered approach.
While our panellists disagreed on how far along these plans were – particularly with reference to privacy and cost – there was a consensus that things had changed.
You can see this discussion, and many more, on our Silicon 360 microsite, but we want you to get involved. So let us know in our poll below!
Are cloud strategies more mature than they were 18 months ago? Yes
No
Don't know View Results
Loading ... Loading ...
Quiz: What do you know about the cloud in 2017?
A Peterhead man and an Aberdeen film director have joined forces to launch a KickStarter campaign for their first comic.
Cliff Hughes (above right) and Nicci Thompson describe ‘Toy-Z: The Ballad of Mr Huggles' as Toy Story meets The Walking Dead.
The comic is set in a world similar to that of Disney/Pixar's Toy Story, after an apocalyptic event has turned most mankind into zombies. Toys, Kitty-Kat and Robert the Robot find themsleves thrown together in a world where humans have no need for them anymore. In the first issue of the ongoing series, the pair meet Mr Huggles, which triggers a chain of events that will change all of their lives forever.
With less than a week of their fundraisng campaign gone the pair have raised almost 20% of their £2,500 KickStart target.
Cliff said: “We have some very cool pledge rewards on offer - the chance to have a character named after you in a future comic and another where you can get a walk-on part in the film.”
To donate to go to www.kickstarter.com/projects/blackwingcomics/toy-z-the-ballad-of-mr-huggles
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Emmerdale's Charity Dingle is set for New Year heartbreak when her secret son arrives in the village.
Charity, who has been involved in some of the ITV soap's biggest storylines, will come face-to-face with her son after giving him up as a baby.
His arrival will open up old wounds as Charity is forced to relive her harrowing rape ordeal which resulted in her son being conceived.
Feisty Charity, played by Emma Atkins, will show a more fragile side as her demons finally catch up with her in a dramatic storyline.
The arrival of her secret son will cause rifts between the Dingle family, as Charity struggles to cope with his presence and juggles dealing with her other children.
She discovers that the child she gave birth to as a teenager after being raped has moved near her home in the Yorkshire Dales.
Charity couldn't face bringing up the child she conceived in such awful circumstances and made the tough decision to give him up when he was just days old.
A show source told The Sun : "Charity's entire world will be rocked when her son is introduced in the New Year. Things have settled for her in terms of her personal life after three kids and as many husbands but this will change everything again.
“She gave up her son, which she's never revealed before, just days after he was born because he was conceived during a rape. It is going to open up a load of old heartbreak for her.
“It will be tough to watch for viewers — and only someone as good as Emma could pull off the scenes."
(Image: ITV)
Charity is known to be a bit of a maneater, but the arrival of her long lost son will force her to put her love life to one side as she builds a relationship with him.
She has continually struggled to stay on good terms with the rest of the Dingle family, but they will all pull together in her hour of need.
Daughter Debbie will also be shocked by the arrival of her half-brother, who will also get to meet his young brother's Noah and Moses.
* Emmerdale continues on Tuesday on ITV at 7.00pm
New Delhi: India`s oil imports from Iran have fallen to their lowest since June 2016, shipping data shows, in possible retaliation for Tehran not awarding a gas field development to Indian companies.
India, Iran`s top oil client after China, shipped in 487,600 barrels per day (bpd) in May, about 9 percent less compared with April and nearly 40 percent less than a peak registered in October, according to ship tracking data obtained from sources and data compiled by Thomson Reuters Oil Research & Forecasts.
Most Western-led sanctions against Tehran`s nuclear programme were lifted in January last year, and India`s Iranian crude imports began climbing two months later in March.
In the fiscal year to March 2018, though, India has said it plans to order about a quarter less Iranian crude due to a snub over development of Iran`s Farzad B gas field.
"We stood by them in difficult times. We still buy substantial amounts of oil from them, and we expect reciprocity from Iran," Indian oil minister Dharmendra Pradhan told reporters on Wednesday when asked if India was still hopeful of getting the development rights for the Farzad B field.
Following years of seeming rapprochement over the field, Iran has likely reached an agreement on the concession with Russia`s state-controlled gas giant Gazprom, Russian and Indian media have reported.
Iran last month said India had not offered an acceptable proposal on the Farzad B development.
Sri Paravaikkarasu of energy consultancy FGE said India`s lower Iran imports were a "reaction of Iran`s decision to award the gas field to Russia and the availability of cheaper grades like those from Russia."
India was one of four countries - China, Japan and South Korea being the other three - that continued to import large amounts of Iranian oil after sanctions were toughened in 2012.
Some of the drop in imports from Iran may be due to lower demand. Overall, India imported about 4.2 percent less oil in May, compared with April, due to a shutdown of the 180,000-bpd Bathinda refinery for upgrades.
In the first five months of 2017, India`s oil imports from Iran still jumped about 64 percent, the data showed.
While Iran`s oil exports to India are stalling, supplies to Europe and Turkey hit their highest level since the lifting of sanctions in 2016.
Iraq continued to be India`s biggest oil supplier for the second month in a row in May, followed by Saudi Arabia.
Middle Eastern oil in May accounted for 65 percent of India`s overall imports, compared to 71 percent a year ago, while the import share of Africa and Latin America have risen, the data showed.
The shift is likely a result of an effort led by the Middle East-dominated Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) to cut production to prop up oil prices.
Cardiff: An unpredictable Pakistan today stunned England by eight wickets to enter their maiden Champions Trophy final, continuing their sensational run in the tournament.
Pakistani bowlers produced another professional performance to restrict the formidable England batting line-up to 211 after Sarfraz Ahmed opted to bowl on a used surface.
The star with the ball was once again pacer Hasan Ali, who Ended up with a three wicket-haul for the third time in as many games.
It seemed Pakistani batsmen were batting on a different pitch during the chase as they cruised to complete the target in 37.1 overs, after openers Azhar Ali (76 off 100) and Fakhar Zaman (57 off 58) provided a perfect start.
The duo shared an 118-runs stand off 127 balls ensuring Pakistan gets home comfortably.
The remarkable result also made a mockery of pre- tournament talk and predictions as the eighth-ranked Pakistan pummeled title favourites England to reach the final at The Oval on Sunday.
Pakistan surprised many by bouncing back brilliantly from their heavy loss against India in the tournament opener to beat South Africa and Sri Lanaka enroute to the last four.
They have always been an unpredictable side but England, the only undefeated in the league stage, were expected to get past the sub-continent squad with little difficulty.
The same England batsmen, who batted with flair and finesse through the tournament, came a cropper in a high stake semifinal. They found it hard to keep the scoreboard ticking and losing wickets at regular intervals made life tougher for them. Not a single six was hit in their innings.
Pakistan, on the contrary, came out for the chase with a plan.
Ali batted solidly while Zaman attacked from ball one despite being tested with a lot of short balls.
Zaman, playing only his third ODI, went for the big shots and even though he mishit a lot of them, kept on playing in the same vein. The southpaw ended hitting seven fours and a six, that came off a top edge over the wicketkeeper.
Thanks to openers' first hundred stands of the tournament,
The inconsistent Pakistan middler order was not tested much.
Number three Babar Azam played sensibly for his unbeaten 38 off 45 balls and so did Mohammad Hafeez (31 off 21), who hit the winning boundary to spark wild celebrations.
Earlier, Pakistan seamers dished out a superb bowling effort to finish the England innings in 49.5 overs at the Sophia Gardens.
Besides Ali (3/35), the other bowlers who impressed were Junaid Khan (2/42) and debutant Rumman Raees (2/44).
Young spinner Shadab Khan (1/40) scalped one wicket, while Imad Wasim (0/16) and Mohammad Hafeez (0/33) also bowled well.
England rode on useful contributions from top-order batsmen -- Joe Root (46), Jonny Bairstow (43) and captain Eoin Morgan (33) -- but they kept losing wicket at regular intervals due to sustained pressure created by Pakistan bowlers.
In the end, Ben Stokes, who played an unusual knock of 34 off 64 balls, helped England cross the 200-run mark.
England were dealt an early blow when Hales was sent back by Raees with Babar Azam taking the catch in the sixth over.
Bairstow, who was brought in the playing XI in place of Jason Roy, and Root helped England reach fifty in 9.4 overs.
However, Bairstow top-edged one off Ali and Hafeez took an easy catch at deep square leg, leaving England at 80 for two.
Skipper Morgan then joined Root and the duo batted with purpose to bring up the hundred in 21.4 overs. The 48-run stand for the third wicket was broken by 18-year-old spinner, Shadab Khan, in the 28th over.
Looking to cut the ball, Root nicked it to wicketkeeper Sarfraz, as England were reduced to 128 for three.
Morgan, too, perished in the 32nd over - while looking to belt it down the ground, he ended up giving a simple catch to the keeper.
Seamer Junaid Khan then struck successive blows, dismissing Jos Butler (4) and Moeen Ali (11) in the 35th and 39th over, respectively, as England slumped to 162 for six.
Adil Rashid was back in the hut after a direct hit from substitute Ahmed Shehzad at the non-striker's end.
The plum blossoms may only just be poking their heads out, but Starbucks released the first wave of it's annual sakura cherry blossom-themed line of cups and tumblers today.
The 20 item product line has been named “Harmony” to express “the harmony of the Japanese race”. It's to be followed on March 1 with 17 more in a line called “Purity”. The Harmony line doesn't only feature cherry blossoms in its designs, but other spring flowers too.
Here's the Harmony full line up (as shown above) with prices released February 15, 2017.
Full bloom create your tumbler 473ml ¥2900
Double wall sunny bottle (Pink) 473ml ¥2500
Full bloom stainless steel tumbler 355ml ¥3600
Full bloom stainless bottle 480ml ¥4400
Full bloom stainless bottle 355 ml ¥3600
Full bloom double wall glass 355ml ¥2400
Full bloom stainless sunny bottle 500ml ¥2900
Frosted tumbler 473ml ¥1900
Full bloom tumbler 355ml ¥1700
Double wall sunny bottle green 473ml ¥2500
Stainless combination bottle 350ml ¥4000
Combination mug 355ml ¥1700
Gradient mug 237ml ¥1700
Starbucks sakura cards ¥620
Full bloom glass 296ml ¥2400
Heat resistant combination mug glass 355ml ¥1500
Full bloom beverage card ¥620
Combination beverage card ¥620
Stainless mug (Pink) 355ml ¥3200
Stainless mug (White) 355ml ¥3200
These sakura lines are getting ever more popular so you shouldn't hang around. Most of them are already sold out in the Starbucks online store.
We won't be too surprised to find a few of these making their way onto auction sites.
© Dado Ruvic / Reuters
Appearing in a prison jumpsuit in a Boston federal court on Tuesday, Patrick Keogan pleaded guilty to charges that include the arson threat, owing firearms despite a prior felony conviction, and child pornography.Superimposed over the image were the words, "Burn your local mosque," and "hello scumbags."Investigators also found posts on Keogan's Facebook profile condoning the burning of mosques, dating back to 2013.Keogan's attorney argued that there was a fine line between threats and free speech under the First Amendment, and that his client had been drunk at the time. No fire was ever set and no one was injured as a result of the Facebook post.Garland pointed to a history of threats and violent conduct of which out that Keogan has been convicted,The statutes under which Keogan was charged provide a sentence no greater than ten years in prison, three years of supervised release and a fine of $250,000 for each offense, according to the Department of Justice.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Another game, another crucial goal — and yet more proof that Harry Kane is one of the best strikers in the world.
This time, his 94th-minute winner against Slovenia clinched England's place at next summer's World Cup .
It also ensured the Tottenham predator was one of the few Three Lions players who could leave Wembley with his head held high.
It is now 14 goals from 12 club and country games for Kane this season — even though he didn't net once in August. Eight from his last four matches for the man who just cannot stop scoring.
Big players respect him, clubs even bigger than Spurs covet him.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
At a time of widespread disillusionment over Gareth Southgate's failure to unlock England's potential, Kane remains in the most prolific form since he was turning out for his childhood team, Ridgeway Rovers, in north London.
Asked to recall the last time he felt so formidable in front of goal, he said: “Maybe when I was younger — when you scored six or seven a game! Probably not in my professional career.
“I feel great — physically great. Every game I expect to score and want to score. I just want to keep it going.
“September was fantastic for me personally. Hopefully October can be even better.
(Image: Tottenham Hotspur/Getty)
(Image: AFP)
(Image: AFP/Getty)
“That's the great thing about it, to keep improving. We've got a busy month ahead of us again — let's see what happens.”
Not since Wayne Rooney was in his pomp have England had such a potent weapon up front in the shape of the Premier League's dual Golden Boot winner.
As England's players left Wembley on Thursday, Gary Cahill sounded a note of caution, warning it would be dangerous for the team to rely solely on Kane's goals.
“He's been fantastic for us, but you don't to go into a tournament with everything on Harry Kane,” said the Chelsea captain.
“We want him to be in fantastic form, but we want everyone to contribute. Going into the tournament, we want everyone to have the kind of confidence he's showing at the minute.
“The fearless mentality. That's the way he is at the minute.
“At this moment in time I see him being one of the best in the world in terms of form. He's at a fantastic age and his finishing is unbelievable.”
Cahill played with Diego Costa, whose goals helped Chelsea to two titles in the last three seasons, and believes Kane is every bit as good as the Spain international.
“He must be gushing with confidence," he added. "He must feel like he's going to score every time he takes the pitch. Not even one (goal), it's like, ‘How many am I going to get today?!' He must have that kind of mentality.”
Kane, however, relishes the pressure of carrying the team on his shoulders.
(Image: Getty)
“It doesn't really bother me,” he said. “We know what we want to achieve as a team, so for me it's just about doing my job.
“No matter what anyone says or what you guys (the media) talk about, it doesn't distract me from what I need to do – work hard for the team, work hard in training, work hard off the pitch and just get ready for every game that comes.
“Hopefully I can keep performing the way I am and keep improving.”
His place would appear to be nailed on given his success in proving that class is permanent.
But Kane is taking nothing for granted.
“Hopefully I can just continue what I've been doing over this last month or so,” he added. “That would be amazing.
“It will be hard not to think about the World Cup. But obviously there are a lot of games between now and then and a lot can happen.
“I've just got to keep my head down for the team, working hard for club and country. It's an exciting season.
“So from now, the World Cup has to be put to the back of my mind.
“There's the Premier League to play for, the FA Cup and Champions League. That's what is most important at the moment.”
Rome, July 4 - Interior Minister Matteo Salvini on Wednesday signed a decree starting testing of Tasers by the police in 11 cities across Italy. The electrical stun guns will be tested in Milan, Naples, Turin, Bologna, Florence, Palermo, Catania, Padua, Caserta, Reggio Emilia and Brindisi. "It is a non-lethal weapon of dissuasion and its use is an important deterrent especially for security operators who patrol the streets and who may find themselves in borderline situations," Salvini said.
CENTENARY, Ohio — No drama this time around.
After escaping South Point with a narrow 59-57 victory on Jan. 9, the Gallia Academy boys basketball team completed the season sweep of the Pointers on Friday night in Gallia County, as the Blue Devils defeated their Ohio Valley Conference guest by a 68-49 tally.
GAHS (15-2, 9-2 OVC) never trailed in the game and fought through just one tie, at 2-2. The Blue Devils led 19-to-9 after eight minutes of play, with sophomore center Zach Loveday scoring 17 of his game-best 37 points in the opening quarter.
The Blue Devils pushed their lead as high as 13 in the second quarter, but South Point (7-10, 3-4) closed the half with a 5-to-2 run, making the GAHS lead 30-20 at the break.
The Pointers pulled within nine points by the midway point of the third quarter, but GAHS went on a 10-to-5 run to end the period with a 46-32 advantage.
The hosts stretched their lead to a game-high 23 points, at 66-43, with 1:40 to play and cruised to the 68-49 victory.
“We were 17-for-60 from the floor against Coal Grove, and we were 2-for-24 from the three-point line, so our focus for the last two days of practice has been to get the ball inside,” GAHS head coach Gary Harrison said. “We found out that Rock Hill's two post players had 28 and 20 against South Point, so we knew that Zach could have a big game tonight.”
In the win, GAHS shot 27-of-48 (56.3 percent) from the field, including 3-of-8 (37.5 percent) from three-point range. Meanwhile, South Point was 18-of-47 (38.3 percent) from the field, including 2-of-12 (16.7 percent) from beyond the arc.
At the foul line, the Blue Devils shot 11-of-15 (73.3 percent) and the Pointers shot 11-of-13 (84.6 percent).
Gallia Academy claimed a 35-to-13 edge in rebounds, including 11-to-4 on the offensive end. The hosts also held a 20-to-7 advantage in assists, while the Pointers picked up a 7-to-6 steals advantage. Both teams blocked three shots in the contest.
GAHS committed 14 turnovers in the win, while SPHS gave the ball away 10 times.
En route to his career-high 37 points, Loveday made 14 two-pointers, one trifecta and a 6-of-9 free throws. Loveday was responsible for 20 of his team's first 22 points and also came up with a game-best 16 rebounds.
“The last time we played them, they couldn't stop him,” Coach Harrison said of Loveday. “We knew he had gotten better since a month ago, they just had no answer. That's our game, we want to throw the ball inside. If they can't stop him, teams are going to be in for a long night. Our guards did a great job of feeding him and spacing, so it's a credit to everybody.”
Fellow GAHS sophomore Logan Blouir scored nine points for the victors, Justin McClelland added five points, while Caleb Henry and Cory Call each had four. Bailey Walker contributed three points to the winning cause, while Cole Davis, Evan Wiseman and Blaine Carter chipped in with two points apiece.
Wiseman had team-highs of five assists and two steals for the hosts, while Loveday, Call and Blouir each blocked a shot.
Tayshawn Fox led the guests with 23 points, followed by Chance Gunther with nine and Jared Whitt with seven. Austin Webb had six points and a team-best seven rebounds for SPHS, while Derek McCarty and Marcus Malone scored two points apiece.
Webb and Gunther each had two assists in the setback. Gunther also led the South Point defense with three steals, while Fox blocked two shots.
The Blue Devils are back on their home court on Tuesday when they welcome league-leading Fairland.
“We've been waiting,” Coach Harrison said about Fairland. “They're good, they humbled us last time. We're going to be up to the challenge, I think this place will probably be sold out. It's going to let us know where we're at. I'm sure Fairland knows where they're at, we're going to find out where we're at. We could eventually see these guys down the road in the tournament. We'll use these next two days to prepare and Tuesday night will be fun.”
The Dragons were responsible for Gallia Academy's first loss of the season, as they claimed a 97-50 decision in Lawrence County on Dec. 19.
Gallia Academy sophomore Zach Loveday slams home a dunk for two of his game-high 37 points, during the Blue Devils' 68-49 victory on Friday in Centenary, Ohio. http://www.mydailytribune.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/42/2018/02/web1_2.4-GA-Loveday.jpg Gallia Academy sophomore Zach Loveday slams home a dunk for two of his game-high 37 points, during the Blue Devils' 68-49 victory on Friday in Centenary, Ohio. Alex Hawley|OVP Sports GAHS junior Blaine Carter (left) shoots a layup in front of teammate Zach Loveday (32) and South Point's Larry Fox (center), during the Blue Devils' OVC win on Friday in Centenary, Ohio. (Alex Hawley|OVP Sports) http://www.mydailytribune.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/42/2018/02/web1_2.4-wo-GA-Carter.jpg GAHS junior Blaine Carter (left) shoots a layup in front of teammate Zach Loveday (32) and South Point's Larry Fox (center), during the Blue Devils' OVC win on Friday in Centenary, Ohio. (Alex Hawley|OVP Sports) Alex Hawley|OVP Sports GAHS junior Cory Call (22) shoots a two-pointer over South Point's Dustin McCarty (33) during the Blue Devils' 19-point win on Friday in Centenary, Ohio. (Alex Hawley|OVP Sports) http://www.mydailytribune.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/42/2018/02/web1_2.4-wo-GA-Call.jpg GAHS junior Cory Call (22) shoots a two-pointer over South Point's Dustin McCarty (33) during the Blue Devils' 19-point win on Friday in Centenary, Ohio. (Alex Hawley|OVP Sports) Alex Hawley|OVP Sports Gallia Academy senior Evan Wiseman (3) drives past a SPHS defender during Friday's Ohio Valley Conference boys basketball contest in Centenary, Ohio. (Alex Hawley|OVP Sports) http://www.mydailytribune.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/42/2018/02/web1_2.4-wo-GA-Wiseman.jpg Gallia Academy senior Evan Wiseman (3) drives past a SPHS defender during Friday's Ohio Valley Conference boys basketball contest in Centenary, Ohio. (Alex Hawley|OVP Sports) Alex Hawley|OVP Sports
By Alex Hawley ahawley@aimmediamidwest.com
Alex Hawley can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2100
Alex Hawley can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2100
EE has launched a new home broadband offering to connect up thousands of rural homes across the UK to superfast internet.
The company is upgrading its 4GEE Home Router to boost internet speeds in remote locations, with as 580,000 rural homes across the UK could be connected up to its superfast 4G network, letting customers experience speeds of over 100MBps for the first time.
EE says that the new offering has been designed specifically as an alternative for those in rural communities that have yet to be connected with traditional fixed line broadband access – or where customers can only receive slower fixed broadband speeds.
The company's 4G network which currently covers 90 per cent of the UK, with the company aiming to boost this to 95 per cent soon.
Speedy
“As our network continues to expand into some of the most remote parts of the UK, we've seen the amazing impact that 4G connectivity can have on rural communities," said Max Taylor, EE managing director of marketing.
"Our newest 4G home broadband router and antenna takes this one step further, ensuring thousands of families in rural areas across the UK could enjoy the benefits of superfast broadband inside their home for the very first time – whether video-calling the grandparents or streaming their favourite TV series.”
The new service will be available from today to EE customers, with introductory packages starting from £35 to £60, with a 4GEE Home Router included. Any current EE pay monthly customers signing up to the new offering will get an extra 5GB of mobile data per month.
WARSAW, Poland (AP) — Environmentalists are protesting Poland's plan to allow hunters to shoot bison, while authorities say it is necessary for the well-being of the herd and will earn money for its upkeep.
Greenpeace had gathered well over 7,000 signatures by Monday afternoon on a letter asking Prime Minister Beata Szydlo to stop the plan. They say Europe's largest mammals, which live in old-growth forests in northeastern Poland, are protected by law and a symbol of Poland's nature.
Environment authorities have allowed the hunting of 10 bison in the Borecka forest, saying the herd there is too large and threatened with tuberculosis. They say limited hunting allows for a controlled elimination of weak animals, while earning funds to support the others.
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
Smartphones have emerged as a major gaming platform in the last few years. However, trying out every new game is not easy as users have to go through the time-taking process of downloading and setting up the games first. Google is trying to address it with a new program called Play Instant which allows users to try out new games without having to download them. It is built on the same premise as the Instant Apps program for Android apps, which was released last year and is currently available to users in 40 countries including India.
Play Instant works by allowing users to run a small part of the game online via the Play Store even if the game is not installed on their smartphones. The gameplay will be limited to a few minutes only. However, in those few minutes users will get to play the real game and see if the controls, visuals, gameplay are worth downloading the original game. Game developers have been offering demos of console and PC games for years, providing users with limited access to certain elements only, but it was enough to help users make a decision. Instant Apps can be leveraged by developers to provide a similar experience to users on Android smartphone.
This can come in handy for premium games with a hefty price tag. The other advantage of Play Instant is that it doesn't waste time on downloading the entire game or setting up the profile or avatar. Games with large file sizes can take a long time to download and if the phone is running low on memory, some other games or apps need to be removed to create adequate space.
Games which support Play Instant show a Try Now button right before the Installation button.
Games which support Play Instant show a Try Now button right before the Installation button. Tapping on it will load a part of the game online. This part will be stored on the Play Store. So if users open the same game for the second time they won't have to wait for the Instant version to load again.
Play Instant is still a beta program and only eight games are available on it right now.
Hothead Games's Mighty Battles, a strategy-based shooting game with a file size of 97MB; Supercell's Clash Royale with a file size of 95MB and similar style of gameplay as Mighty Battles; and the mobile version of Final Fantasy XV: A New Empire with a file size of 55MB are some of the popular games which are already leveraging the new program. However, it will be more relevant only when big games with a file size of over 1GB or premium games are available on it.
How to Create a Trust Seal on Your Checkout Page
By Neil Patel
Trust is everything.
If you can't earn consumers' trust, you're fighting a losing battle.
And what's a specific area that makes many consumers wary?
That's simple. It's the way in which businesses handle payment information.
In fact, a lack of trust in credit card processing is one of the top reasons for checkout abandonment.
Research from the Baymard Institute found that “18% of American shoppers abandon the checkout because they don't trust the website with their credit card information.”
This means you can kiss one out of every five shoppers goodbye.
And I totally get it.
I completely understand why some shoppers feel uncomfortable sharing their credit card information.
Identity theft and cyber crime are on the rise. This is people's money and identity we're talking about! I don't blame people for being super cautious.
A study from Javelin Strategy & Research found that identity fraud hit a record high in 2016.
More specifically,
$16 billion was stolen from 15.4 million U.S. consumers in 2016, compared with $15.3 billion and 13.1 million victims a year earlier.
In the past six years, identity theft thieves have stolen over $107 billion.
Here's what that looks like in graph:
It has become a serious problem.
If you haven't been the victim of identity theft yourself, there's a good chance you know someone who has.
Just look at the increase in the number of identity theft and fraud complaints between 2012 and 2015:
This means one thing.
Most people don't want to hand over their credit card information to just anyone.
They want to know for sure that the company they're doing business with is taking every possible security precaution to ensure that their sensitive information doesn't wind up in the wrong hands.
And I definitely understand where they're coming from.
I know I avoid doing business with any website that looks sketchy and where security could be a potential issue.
In fact, I've found myself abandoning the checkout page several times on account of this.
It's just not worth the risk.
How can you gain the trust of your online shoppers?
This puts modern business owners in a bit of a quandary.
You need to come up with an effective way to put shoppers' minds at ease and let them know they're in good hands when they do business with you.
What can you do?
There are several factors that shoppers take into consideration when determining whether or not they trust a particular website.
Some examples include:
How professional the site looks
How quickly it loads
Whether a trusted friend or colleague has used the site before
Whether the site contains well-known brands or products
Whether it has easy-to-find contact information
But there's one factor that reassures shoppers above all else.
And that's a trust seal.
In fact,
a survey conducted by Econsultancy/Toluna confirmed the power of trust seals when it asked participants which factors help them to decide whether or not to trust a website.
Just think about it.
How many times have you had your fears or doubts quelled when you saw a trust seal when you're checking out?
I know this puts me at ease.
And there's evidence that shows just how big of an impact trust seals can have.
Research on trust seals
This great article from ConversionXL tackles the topic of checkout optimization and the way trust seals affect security perception.
The post includes data from a study that used eye tracking to determine the exact impact trust seals have.
Here's a screenshot of what this study entailed:
Participants then saw one of the following six trust seals:
As you can see, there are trust seals from several notable companies such as McAfee, PayPal, the BBB, and so on.
And here are the observational patterns (the patterns respondents' eyes followed):
By examining these findings, it's easy to see that trust seals are huge.
After shoppers initially look at the logo and “payment method” section, their eyes inevitably shift to the trust seal at the bottom.
This goes to show that it's an integral factor in whether a shopper decides to go through with the checkout process and actually make a purchase.
It makes sense that displaying a trust seal on your checkout page will increase trust, thereby boosting your conversion rate.
Are some trust seals more trusted than others?
You may be wondering whether shoppers respond more favorably to certain trust seals than others.
This chart shows us the specifics:
As you can see, the “PayPal Verified” seal was noticed the most, at 67%.
This was followed by the “Google Trusted Store” seal at 63% and “Norton Secured” seal at 59%.
It's also important to note that survey respondents remembered certain trust seals more than others:
However, ConversionXL reports that the differences were fairly minimal.
According to them,
it's clear that there weren't huge differences between trust seals. Using eye tracking, we confirmed that all trust seals are equally noticeable.
In other words, it doesn't make a massive difference which specific trust seal you use.
As long as you have one from a fairly reputable company, it should have a positive impact in terms of gaining the trust of your shoppers.
If you haven't yet installed a trust seal on your checkout page, I highly recommend that you do so immediately.
This can have a tremendous impact on your conversion rate and overall revenue.
Want proof?
Look no further than a split test performed by Blue Fountain Media.
Here's what their original checkout page looked like before they added a trust seal:
Here's their checkout page with a Verisign seal:
Guess what impact this had?
Sales increased by a whopping 42%!
Notice that nothing else on the page changed—except for the “Your Privacy” section, which got replaced by the Verisign seal.
This isn't to say that your sales will instantly jump up by 42%, but I can pretty much guarantee some type of increase.
Just imagine what a trust seal could do for your long-term profits—it could be major.
How do you create a trust seal?
Here's how the general process works.
You choose a company, such as McAfee or Norton, and choose the plan you want (some basic plans are free, and more robust plans cost money).
They perform testing on your site.
Assuming everything looks good and your site passes the test, they will certify your site.
You install the trust seal.
It appears on your checkout page, and you're good to go.
Of course, this is an oversimplification of things, so let me walk you through the process step by step.
I'll just use McAfee as an example because I'm familiar with it.
The specific steps may vary slightly depending on the security company you choose, but the overall process should be basically the same.
Step #1 – Sign up
Visit McAfee SECURE to check out plans and pricing.
In the case of McAfee, it's very straightforward.
There are two plans to choose from: “Free” and “Pro.”
Here's how the two plans break down:
FYI, “Pro” costs $29 per month as I'm writing this.
Next, install the McAfee SECURE plugin on WordPress.
You can find it by searching the “Plugins” section of your WordPress dashboard:
Click on “Add New:”
Now type in “McAfee” in the “Search Plugins” search box:
Here we go:
Click on “Install Now:”
Then “Activate:”
Once you've activated the plugin, visit Settings > McAfee Secure to configure it.
You'll see this screen:
Fill out the information:
At this point, McAfee will run some tests on your site:
Because you've already installed the McAfee SECURE plugin, the trust seal will automatically appear on your site.
That's it.
It's really quite easy.
As long as your website passes, you'll have a trust seal installed on your checkout page in no time.
If you would like to see a video tutorial on this process, check out this post from WPBeginner.
Conclusion
Online security has arguably never been more important than it is today.
And the fear and skepticism so many people have is by no means unfounded.
They have a very good reason to be concerned and even a little paranoid.
As a business owner, you must address these concerns and put your customers' minds at ease.
People want to know they're not putting themselves at unnecessary risk by completing a transaction on your website.
According to research, one of the best ways to do this is by installing a trust seal on your checkout page.
This lets shoppers know that your site has been thoroughly tested and meets today's security standards.
As a result, they can complete a purchase with confidence, which should bring about a higher conversion rate and an overall increase in customer satisfaction.
Fortunately, installing a trust seal on your checkout page is fairly simple, and some basic plans can be set up for free.
Find the security company that's the best fit for you and complete the necessary steps to have a trust seal installed.
How big of a factor is a trust seal when you're deciding whether you want to complete a transaction?
Source:: http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/Quicksprout/~3/_7eWznNanQI/
GALLIPOLIS, Ohio — Good things don't always come in threes.
The Ohio Valley Christian boys basketball team suffered its third loss of the season to Calvary Baptist Academy by way of a 86-43 defeat on Friday night in Gallia County.
The Defenders (4-15) fell behind early in the contest and were unable to recover, as the Patriots (19-3) utilized a 29-10 first quarter run to set their course to a 43-point victory.
CBA further widen its lead in the second quarter, as they manufactured a 17-5 run to enter the locker room leading OVCS by a score of 46-15.
The Blue and Gold made only 4-of-22 shots from the field, including 3-of-8 from beyond the arc in the first half. The Defenders mustered only nine rebounds and turned the ball over 18 times.
Calvary Baptist connected on 19-of-36 shot attempts for 53 percent, including 7-of-17 from three-point range for 41 percent. The Patriots pulled down 21 rebounds and committed 10 turnovers.
The Defenders slipped further behind in the third period as they visitors widened the deficit to 33 points as they entered the finale holding a 61-28 advantage.
The Patriots closed out the final eight minutes of play on a 25-15 run to earn a 43-point win. The victory served as a season sweep for CBA as they defeated the Defenders on Nov. 17, 2017, by a final of 74-17. The other came on Dec. 12, 2017, by a final of 82-29 in Hurricane, W.Va.
OVCS was 13-of-50 from the field for 26 percent, including 5-of-17 form three-point range for 29 percent. The Defenders totaled 26 rebounds and 31 turnovers for the contest.
Bryce Gruber and Justin Beaver led the way with 12 points apiece. Miciah Swab and Asher Peck were next as they chipped in five markers each.
Arden Peck, Andrew Dubs, Jeremiah Swab and Conner Waller each finished the game with two points apiece. Rounding out the scoring for OVCS was Christian Higginbotham with one marker.
Calvary Baptist made 29-of 68 shots from the field for 41 percent, including 8-of-28 from beyond the arc for 28 percent. The Patriots collected 39 rebounds and committed 14 turnovers.
Luke Ponley finished with a game-high 25 points. Cole Kirkpatrick was next with 16 markers, while Roger Clutter and Isaac Massie finished with eight points apiece.
Robert Clutter followed with seven markers and Dimitri Daniels chipped in with six points. Larson Blake and Jordan Ruby each provided five points, while Zach Richards and Seth Workman each had four markers.
Rounding out the scoring for CBA were Bryce Sexton and Jonah Tincher with two points each, respectively.
Ohio Valley Christian freshman Bryce Gruber (11) attempts a shot against a Calvary Baptist Academy defender the first half of the Defenders 86-43 loss on Friday night in Gallipolis, Ohio. http://www.mydailytribune.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/42/2018/02/web1_2.03-OVC-Gruber.jpg Ohio Valley Christian freshman Bryce Gruber (11) attempts a shot against a Calvary Baptist Academy defender the first half of the Defenders 86-43 loss on Friday night in Gallipolis, Ohio. Scott Jones|OVP Sports Ohio Valley Christian junior Andrew Dubs (22) attempts a shot against a Calvary Baptist Academy defender the second half of the Defenders 86-43 loss on Friday night in Gallipolis, Ohio. (Scott Jones|OVP Sports) http://www.mydailytribune.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/42/2018/02/web1_2.03-OVC-Dubs.jpg Ohio Valley Christian junior Andrew Dubs (22) attempts a shot against a Calvary Baptist Academy defender the second half of the Defenders 86-43 loss on Friday night in Gallipolis, Ohio. (Scott Jones|OVP Sports) Scott Jones|OVP Sports Ohio Valley Christian junior Justin Beaver attempts a free throw during the second half of the Defenders 86-43 loss on Friday night in Gallipolis, Ohio. (Scott Jones|OVP Sports) http://www.mydailytribune.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/42/2018/02/web1_2.03-OVC-Beaver.jpg Ohio Valley Christian junior Justin Beaver attempts a free throw during the second half of the Defenders 86-43 loss on Friday night in Gallipolis, Ohio. (Scott Jones|OVP Sports) Scott Jones|OVP Sports
By Scott Jones sjones@aimmediamidwest.com
Scott Jones can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2106.
Scott Jones can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2106.
Kellyanne Conway, yet another one of Trump's embattled advisors making noise this week (Flynn is out; Omarosa reportedly threatened a reporter; etc.), tweeted a love note to a young person who has love for white nationalism on Valentine's Day. Awwwww.
After Conway appeared on NBC's Today show on Valentine's Day to talk about National Security Adviser Michael Flynn's abrupt and potentially devastating resignation over contact with Russian diplomats and lying about it, Conway took to Twitter to lick her wounds saying she serves at the “pleasure of the POTUS.”
I serve at the pleasure of @POTUS. His message is my message. His goals are my goals. Uninformed chatter doesn't matter. — Kellyanne Conway (@KellyannePolls) February 14, 2017
In response, a Twitter user going by the handle Lib Hypocrisy praised Conway— her “strength and resiliency in face of vile hatred, bigotry, & sexism of the unhinged Left. Love you!”
Lib Hyprocrisy, whose profile includes the words #WhiteIdentity, #Nationalist and the icon of Pepe the Frog — an emoji associated with the alt-right movement—was retweeted by Conway, who said “Love you back” while also wishing a happy Valentine's day to her “Hapless Haters.” (since deleted.)
Lib Hypocrisy, by the way is just as white as she wanna be, even comparing her “white identity” to Black Lives Matter.
@mikenothnagel @KellyannePolls
I'm white and I believe in nationalism and white identity. As is my right just like BLM. Not about supremacy — Lib Hypocrisy 🐸 (@TrumpTrainNoBrk) February 14, 2017
After being asked about her new friend, Conway told BuzzFeed News she had no clue who may have retweeted from her account.
“I denounce whoever it is,” she said. And then, “everybody makes mistakes.”
Indeed. And Conway has been making a lot of public ones. In the last few weeks, she has been slammed for using the words “alternative facts” to describe the discrepancies about Trump's inauguration numbers; cited a fake terror attack called the “Bowling Green massacre” and had to apologize about promoting Ivanka Trump's Nordstrom line, prompting a condemnation from the U.S. Ethics Office and faces a possible disciplinary action.It's like amateur night at the Apollo with these folks.
SOURCE Buzzfeed News
SEE ALSO:
Kellyanne Conway Doubles Back on Falsified “Bowling Green Massacre” Claim
Sean Spicer: President Trump Ordered Michael Flynn's Resignation
Also On The Chicago Defender:
Get Chelsea FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Antonio Conte is “still a candidate” for the Italy job despite claiming he will finish his 18 month contract at Stamford Bridge.
Alessandro Costacurta, who will help appoint the new Italy coach, has said Under 21 boss Luigi Di Biagio will take charge for next month's friendly with England.
But the former Milan defender said: “Conte said he had 18 months left on his Chelsea contract and would respect it? We'll see, he's still a candidate.
“We heard from (Roberto) Mancini last night, but it was by chance.
"Now we have some time to think things through.”
Former Premier League managers Carlo Ancelotti and Claudio Ranieri are also in the running to take the job this summer.
(Image: AFP)
Earlier today Conte insisted he wasn't interested in returning to the national team job.
The former Juventus coach has looked increasingly unhappy in London with results on and off the pitch.
Costacurta intends to start interviewing coaches for the Italy job Conte held at Euro 2016.
But Conte said: “I can tell that Costacurta is a friend and we played together in the national team in 1994. Maybe he forgot that I still have 18 months left on this contract and I intend to respect this contract.”
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
Conte is still expected to leave this summer after two seasons at Stamford Bridge – if he is not sacked first. Roman Abramovich has dismissed three coaches mid-season in the past.
But the Italian said: “The speculation doesn't affect me. I hope you are starting to know me. This season always the same. A lot of pressure. I ask myself why. This is Chelsea – this is the only answer. The pressure is normal. For me the pressure is life
If I stay without pressure, I dont like. I like to have pressure. I like this sort of station. No pressure is not good for me, not good for the players.”
Chelsea face Watford on Monday but Conte said new signings Olivier Giroud and Emerson Palmieri would not start. Thomas Christensen is out with a hamstring strain but Willian could return.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Arsene Wenger has been handed a triple injury boost ahead of Arsenal's trip to Watford.
The Gunners were in impressive form before the international break, winning four games on the spin in all competitions.
And Wenger looks set to be able to recall three players for the trip to Vicarage Road, reports Football.London.
Francis Coquelin has already returned to full training following the hamstring injury he sustained during the Carabao Cup success against Doncaster Rovers last month.
And Danny Welbeck is due to return to full training on Monday having recovered from the groin strain he suffered late on during the 0-0 draw at Stamford Bridge.
(Image: Stuart MacFarlane)
(Image: David Price)
Mesut Ozil is also set to link up with the first-team squad on Monday in a further boost to Arsene Wenger after the German's knee injury cleared up.
Laurent Koscielny is targeting a return for the Watford game, but is not yet ready to join up with his teammates due to his troublesome Achilles problem.
Meanwhile, Arsenal's hopes of one day landing long-term target Adrien Rabiot have been boosted.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
The Gunners have chased Rabiot for some years now, with Wenger a big admirer of the 22-year-old Paris Saint-Germain star.
There were suggestions the Gunners boss made another move for the midfielder late on in the summer window, but nothing ever materialised.
Rabiot has now hinted, however, that a move to England in the future is a distinct possibility - although he also revealed he was a Liverpool fan as a youngster.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
“I think I would like to experience something else [outside Ligue 1],” said the France international.
“There are a lot of very good championships, it's also very rewarding to go elsewhere.
“I would love to play in the Premier League, not necessarily one club in particular, even though I was very fond of Liverpool when I was young.”
It seems that everywhere we turn today, marketers are jumping into the “subscription box” marketing strategy as a new way to engage customers and prospects. The data indicates today's shopper craves a direct relationship with brands they know and trust. The appeal of connecting on this deeper level with brands and taking advantage of services that deliver products and services direct to our homes saves time and effort in the very busy lives of today's consumer. More and more brands are understanding that a digital connection provides the customer with a level of flexibility, ease of shopping and procuring products versus traditional transactional channels of brick-and-mortar storefronts.
As an example, we have seen the rise of innovative brands like Stitch Fix and others who are transforming the way consumers shop for clothing by leveraging subscription relationships with their customers that are cutting edge. The brand provides the equivalent of a “personal shopper “ that comprehends the consumer's likes, dislikes and preferences to build an ongoing relationship between the brand and customer by delivering garments that match the real-time profile of their customer.
Wall Street has been quick to make note that success in the “subscription box” channel is much more than earning the initial order and/or engagement with a prospective customer. Many brands have mistakenly believed that once the consumer accepts the introductory offer, the subscription offer goes on autopilot as the consumer will remain engaged with little or no “care and feeding” of the relationship. The quality and the success of any customer to business relationship takes a great deal of nurturing and relevant contact. Without it, today's consumer will ultimately start to look for a brand that is vital and engaging.
Here are several tips how a brand can maintain a solid relationship with your customers and benefit from the commensurate value that can be achieved within the subscription box marketing channel.
Be a Student of Your Competitors: Don't ever fall into the trap of believing your own marketing spin. Like it or not, your brand is operating in a highly competitive arena. It's likely that those brands you compete with each day are doing all that they can to find ways to either steal away your customers and/or out maneuver your efforts to acquire new customers. Make sure that you have someone on your team monitoring the strategies and offers that your competitors are using to wage battle with you. You cannot have a less than competitive offer out in the market. Today's shopper is smart and likely to be looking for the best deal/relationship. Create your unique selling proposition grid and use it.
Don't ever fall into the trap of believing your own marketing spin. Like it or not, your brand is operating in a highly competitive arena. It's likely that those brands you compete with each day are doing all that they can to find ways to either steal away your customers and/or out maneuver your efforts to acquire new customers. Make sure that you have someone on your team monitoring the strategies and offers that your competitors are using to wage battle with you. You cannot have a less than competitive offer out in the market. Today's shopper is smart and likely to be looking for the best deal/relationship. Create your unique selling proposition grid and use it. Build a Personal Relationship: The subscription box customer desires a relationship with your brand that is highly customized and relevant to them. Make sure that all your communications with the customer is on a first name basis and leverages all profile data you have to build highly engaging conversations. Today's consumer enjoys a brand relationship if you don't continually upsell. Develop a messaging cadence that is hyper-relevant and at times purely conversational to deepen the engagement of the subscriber. The customer wants to understand how much you care about their needs and are willing to provide them a service level that addresses those needs.
The subscription box customer desires a relationship with your brand that is highly customized and relevant to them. Make sure that all your communications with the customer is on a first name basis and leverages all profile data you have to build highly engaging conversations. Today's consumer enjoys a brand relationship if you don't continually upsell. Develop a messaging cadence that is hyper-relevant and at times purely conversational to deepen the engagement of the subscriber. The customer wants to understand how much you care about their needs and are willing to provide them a service level that addresses those needs. Leverage Multichannel Data: Consumers today can lose patience and loyalty to brands quickly and expect you know a great deal about them based on the products purchased over time as a customer. Within the subscriber box model, the shopper expects that your brand will tailor offerings based on their profile. Don't make “vanilla” recommendations that don't match the real-time profile of the customer. Best subscription box players are leveraging consumer data from all retail intersections so as to be more exact and refined in their suggestions and recommendations.
Consumers today can lose patience and loyalty to brands quickly and expect you know a great deal about them based on the products purchased over time as a customer. Within the subscriber box model, the shopper expects that your brand will tailor offerings based on their profile. Don't make “vanilla” recommendations that don't match the real-time profile of the customer. Best subscription box players are leveraging consumer data from all retail intersections so as to be more exact and refined in their suggestions and recommendations. Take Time to Listen: Your customer wants a regular relationship with you. This is a great indication of just how much they appreciate what you are offering in terms of a brand promise. It is mission critical in today's competitive arena that you find time and means to connect with your loyal customers and understand the dynamics of their ongoing needs. Don't be afraid to poll them often to learn more about what they like, dislike and would like to see more. It is this level of connection and confidence that will demonstrate that you are really interested in “filling their box” with only items that truly help them and/or excite them. Not enough marketers do this and it is a huge opportunity to build greater affinity and loyalty.
Your customer wants a regular relationship with you. This is a great indication of just how much they appreciate what you are offering in terms of a brand promise. It is mission critical in today's competitive arena that you find time and means to connect with your loyal customers and understand the dynamics of their ongoing needs. Don't be afraid to poll them often to learn more about what they like, dislike and would like to see more. It is this level of connection and confidence that will demonstrate that you are really interested in “filling their box” with only items that truly help them and/or excite them. Not enough marketers do this and it is a huge opportunity to build greater affinity and loyalty. Recruit Brand Ambassadors: Many of your customers are spending more time today within social media venues exchanging ideas and preferences with their friends in real time. It's important that you monitor these congregation areas to learn more about the tone and substance of their conversations as it relates to your brand experience. You need to make sure that any issues you have regarding customer service and/or gaps in the overall customer experience are dealt with immediately as these kinds of situations can spread ill will like wildfire within social media community. Conversely…you will always want to do all you can to recruit social media ambassadors; a select group that enjoys your brand so much that they routinely spread great news about their subscription and level of service you provide. These evangelists can work wonders in building your subscriber base and business.
There is a tremendous opportunity for many brands to take huge advantage of the exploding subscription box consumer channel. In order to achieve this goal, there is a significant amount of work involved in building a relevant and valuable relationship with customers. For many that have operated in the retail channel for years, this is a new awakening in terms of skill set. It's time to think like your customer and optimize your brand promise so that it resonates well with customers and prospects.
Jim Fosina is founder and chief executive officer of Fosina Marketing Group.
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Planning officers are recommending councillors give the go-ahead for Bentley Motors to build two four storey office blocks on Pyms Lane in Crewe.
Members of the council's strategic planning board are due to discuss the application at a meeting in Macclesfield tomorrow (Wednesday).
In a report due to be submitted to the meeting a planning officer states: “This proposal would bring economic benefits and investment in an area with a long-standing association with the manufacture of motor vehicles. Bentley Motors are a major employer located within one of the principal growth areas of the borough where national/local plan policies strongly support such development.
“The proposal is compatible with the surrounding development and the design, scale and form of the buildings would not appear incongruous within their context owing to the character of the area and the construction of a similarly designed building to the east of the site.”
The officer adds: “The impact on neighbouring residential amenity would be acceptable owing to the low impact nature of the use, the generous separation with neighbouring properties and having regard to the context of the area as a centre for automotive manufacturing.”
The two 7,200sqm proposed buildings would occupy the site of a previously proposed five storey engineering technical centres approved under a previous planning application.
The site comprises part of the former council waste transfer depot which is primarily hard surfaced land and several industrial/storage units which are presently undergoing demolition.
Tomorrow's meeting takes place at 10.30am at Macclesfield Town Hall.
Rome, July 4 - The Carabinieri police's NAS health division said Wednesday that it seized over 100 tonnes of 'organic food' that failed to meet legal requirements following 186 checks conducted in March and May. The health cops said around 1,500 packages of food were found to be unfit for sale for reasons linked to labelling, hygiene and sell-by dates, among others. They found irregularities at 31 businesses and retail outlets and uncovered 49 regulation breaches for fines totalling 55,000 euros.
Considering it costs just £1,200, the 55XE8596 manages to cling on to a startling amount of relatively high-end features - including, most notably, Sony's excellent X1 picture processing system. This joins a much-improved backlight system in making the 55XE8596 not just much better than its 2016 predecessor, but one of 2017's biggest bargains to date.
Sony's 2016 flagship televisions, the Sony 65ZD9 and XD9305, were two highly regarded big screens last year and were among our favourite TVs in the company's AV arsenal. And though they were fantastic to stare at, the problem with Sony's flagships were their exorbitant price tags.
Sony is still offering pricey screens this year in the form of the A1 OLED and new XE9305 TVs, however it's also offering great budget sets like the XE8596 as well.
So how does Sony's budget series stack up to its more expensive competition? Surprisingly well, actually.
Design
The KD-55XE8596 cuts a pretty pleasant dash in your living room. Its bezel is trim, its desktop stand is mounted in the centre for easy seating on even narrow bits of furniture, and the stand's open frame design gives it a ‘barely there' look that leaves you free to focus on the on-screen action.
The black frame features an attractive sliver of silver running through its centre too, and the chassis is pretty slim round the back for such an affordable model - especially over its top six inches or so.
Connections are pleasingly numerous for such an affordable TV, with highlights of four HDMIs, three USBs, and both Wi-Fi and wired network options. It's great, too, to find Sony providing a highly effective cable management system built into the desktop stand.
The only problem with the design is that it's a bit flimsy. The TV's bodywork turns out to be much more lightweight and plasticky than it looks, while the stand flexes quite alarmingly until the TV has been fully attached to it. I should stress, though, that the TV isn't wobbly or unstable once it's all put together. Also, the flimsy build isn't really noticeable from a typical viewing distance.
Screen sizes available: 55, 65, 75 inches | Tuner: Freeview HD | 4K: Yes | HDR: Yes | Panel technology: VA LCD with frame dimming | Smart TV: Yes, Android TV and YouView | Curved: No | Dimensions: 1232 x 717 x 57mm (W x H x D) | 3D: No | Inputs: Four HDMIs, three USB, Ethernet, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, headphone jack
Design TL;DR: The 55XE8596 is attractive, trim, and distinctively Sony, but you can't help notice when you're putting it together that its build quality is nothing to write home about.
Smart TV (Android TV, YouView)
The 55XE8596 deploys two separate smart TV systems. The main one is Google's Android TV service, which continues to strike us as pretty much completely the wrong approach to smart TV design. Its full-screen home screen is cluttered and messy, and shows little or no evidence that it understands where TV user (as opposed to smartphone user) priorities lie.
You can't customise it much either, and its recommendations system is about as intelligent as a brick. It's also prone to crashing and runs sluggishly - as well as seeming to slow the TV's general operation menus down.
Much more effective as a smart TV system is YouView. This provides access to the catch-up services of the UK's main terrestrial TV channels via a simple seven days back/seven days forward electronic programme guide.
YouView also gives Sony a way of getting round Android TV's failure to support all of the main UK broadcaster catch-up services. That being said, Sony has additionally made sure that the 55XE8596's Netflix and Amazon Video apps both support 4K and HDR – perfect for demonstrating the performance of the set.
Smart TV TL;DR: While Android TV certainly isn't short on apps, it's questionable how many of them are of much use to TV users. Luckily YouView is on hand to save the day (for UK users, anyway).
HD/SDR Performance
The 55XE8596's shift to a contrast-rich VA panel from the low-contrast IPS panels used in last year's X85 models combines with Sony's X1 video processing to deliver an excellent HD and standard dynamic range performance.
The X1's upscaling engine for remapping HD images to the screen's 4K resolution works ridiculously well for such an affordable TV. It adds plenty of sharpness without making the image become gritty or causing thin lines and edges to look stressy, and it also does an uncanny job of calculating the best colour tones for each of the millions of extra pixels it's creating.
There's no sense of smearing over motion with the upscaled pictures either. In fact, they don't look processed at all.
It's worth pointing out that step-up Sony TVs that use the X1 Extreme processing chipset deliver even more insight and purity in their upscaled HD images. Compared more fairly with other TVs in its price point, though, the 55XE8596's upscaling efforts are exemplary.
Considering that the 55XE8596 copes (as we'll see) pretty well with high dynamic range sources, it's no surprise to find it doing brilliantly with the relatively narrow demands of standard dynamic range images. Dark scenes reveal deeper blacks than I'd expect to find for £1200, as well as impressively little distraction from backlight clouding or striping issues.
Colours with SDR content look both punchy and natural - not least because the presence of Sony's Triluminos processing helps the screen serve up a fantastically nuanced range of tones that gives you a new appreciation for what SDR is capable of.
HD/SDR TL;DR: Thanks in no small part to its X1 processing system, the 55XE8596 is an outstanding performer with the HD/SDR content that will still occupy the majority of your viewing time.
4K/HDR Performance
The 55XE8596 does a genuinely spectacular job of maximising the impact of its native 4K/UHD resolution. Thanks again in no small to measure to the many different areas of expertise covered by the X1 chipset, no pixel in a good quality 4K source feels like it's being wasted or ‘lost' behind such common affordable LCD issues as softness, noise or poor colour resolution. That all-important ‘window on the world' effect I look for with 4K screens is delivered on in spades.
Even more impressively for the 55XE8596's price point, the native 4K crispness hardly reduces at all when there's a lot of motion in the frame.
Sony's Motionflow processing isn't quite as accomplished in the X1 version here as the X1 Extreme version that kicks in with Sony TVs from the XE93 on up, but you can still use it on its Standard setting to reduce judder without it creating many unwanted side effects.
Should you be a devout motion processing hater, though, fear not; the 55XE8596 still looks more natural and clean with motion than most rivals even with Motionflow turned off.
Sadly, the situation is a bit more complex when it comes to the 55XE8596's handling of high dynamic range images from Ultra HD Blu-rays, Netflix and Amazon (plus one or two other streaming services if you're in the US): Looking at the bad news first, the 55XE8596 isn't very bright by HDR TV standards. We measured just under 450 nits of light output from the screen when feeding it a 10% white HDR window. That's barely a third as bright as Sony's own XE9305 TVs, and only just over half as bright as Sony's A1 OLED TVs.
While this is probably to be expected at the 55XE8596's price point, such a brightness level can't deliver that ‘real world' intensity of light that HDR was really created to reproduce (see Planet Earth II in particular). Most HDR content, after all, is mastered to a peak brightness level of 1000 nits or 4000 nits.
The 55XE8596's brightness limitation also prevents it from delivering HDR's lovely peak light highlights and extra shadow detail refinements in dark areas.
The 55XE8596 additionally doesn't have enough brightness to give the sort of colour volumes (the term used to describe the impact of different levels of light on colour tones) we're increasingly starting to look for with HDR TVs. And there's no doubt at all that the 55XE8596's relatively low brightness can make watching HDR - or, at least, dark HDR scenes - in a bright room problematic.
Despite all this, the 55XE8596 is certainly not an HDR disaster. Its HDR brightness levels are still roughly double those of its SDR ones, so you certainly get a genuine sense of extra impact from HDR sources.
The 55XE8596 maximises the impact of its available brightness, too, by providing really impressive black levels for such an affordable TV. There's less general greyness over parts of the picture that should look black than we had expected, plus, even better, there's seldom any significant backlight clouding over dark areas - even when a bright object appears against a dark backdrop.
The 55XE8596 also delivers more than a sense of the wide colour ranges associated with the vast majority of HDR content. This is thanks in no small measure to the prowess of Sony's Triluminos processing technology, which here manages to achieve tonal saturations, intensities but also, crucially, subtleties that elude most similarly priced rivals. Including some sets that on paper at least appear to be brighter.
One last 55XE8596 performance element to cover is its input lag, i.e. the amount of time a screen takes to render its images is of critical importance to gamers, so it's great to find Sony's set only suffering just over 20ms of lag on average. It's worth pointing out that this mean figure is averaged from fluctuating measurements that go as low as 10ms but also (rarely) as high as 50ms.
UHD/HDR Performance TL;DR: The 55XE8596 showcases every pixel of a good native 4K image beautifully - even during action scenes. A lack of brightness limits its HDR abilities, but excellent colour and light management ensures that HDR pictures often look better than those of some, if not many, brighter rivals.
Sound Performance
With its plasticky build and slender design it's hardly surprising that the 55XE8596 is hardly a stand-out audio performer. Its speakers, for instance, come up way short of the sort of bass depth good film soundtracks like to deliver, leaving action sequences sounding thin and trebles tending to hit the ear rather harshly.
Before you all start adding the cost of a soundbar to the 55XE8596's aggressive price, though, it's far from an audio disaster. It's capable of plenty of volume without the speakers breaking down into distortions or crackles, it handles day to day non-movie audio tracks cleanly and crisply, and it manages to create a wide, deep and immersive sound stage despite the minimal bass.
Sound performance TL;DR: Bass is thin during action movies, but otherwise the 55XE8596 sounds better than expected.
Other panels to ponder
In terms of 2017 TVs, Samsung and Panasonic are likely to be Sony's biggest rivals in the 55XE8596's space, particularly with the 55-inch UE55MU7000 and 50-inch TX-50EX750. We hope to bring you reviews of these soon.
Regarding rival sets we have already tested, your best bet is to look at star 2016 TVs currently enjoying serious price cuts. The LG OLED55B6 and OLED55C6 are outstanding performers - at least for dark room movie viewing - currently retailing for under £1,500 on some online sites.
Panasonic's 2016 TX-58DX802 LCD TV now gives you three inches more screen and a built-in soundbar for just £1,149 too, while Samsung's strong (and very bright) 2016 UE55KS9000T LCD TV can currently be had for around £1,400.
Verdict
By introducing its exceptional video processing further down its TV range than ever before and being brave enough to dial down the brightness a bit to deliver a more even, immersive backlight experience, Sony's struck mid-range gold with the 55XE8596.
Sure, in an ideal world we'd get a bit more brightness to go with its impressive, even black level response. And we'd also get a more efficient, effective smart TV engine than Android TV. Ideal worlds, though, are hard to come by.
The simple fact is that few TVs we've seen in recent times have balanced price, contrast, brightness and colour quite so all-round effectively as the 55XE8596.
A National League Division Series game one watch party is planned for Friday outside Wrigley Field as the Chicago Cubs take on the Washington Nationals.But even though the game is in Washington, D.C. security around Wrigley will be tight.As preparations for the large crowds began Friday morning, public safety and security remained a concern in the wake of the mass shooting in Las Vegas earlier this week.The Chicago Police Department plans to deploy more officers over the weekend to assist with the event, city officials said.Despite the security challenge, Sports World Chicago owner Brad Rosen said he wasn't worried."We've been waiting all year, and we just can't wait for the playoffs to start again," Rosen said. "The energy in the neighborhood is exciting."The watch party is a ticketed event and will open about an hour before game time.First pitch for Friday's game will be thrown by House Majority Whip Steve Scalise at 6:30 p.m. in Washington, D.C.Saturday's game begins at 4:30, also in Washington.The series arrives in Wrigley for games on Monday and Tuesday before heading back to Washington Thursday for game five if necessary.The Chicago Cubs announced their National League Division Series roster Friday morning.Pitchers on the roster are Carl Edwards Jr., Kyle Hendricks, Brian Duensing, Jon Lester, Justin Wilson, Mike Montgomery, John Lackey, Pedro Strop, Jake Arrieta, Jose Quintana, and Wade Davis.Infielders are Tommy La Stella, Ian Happ, Javier Baez, Kris Bryant, Ben Zobrist, Addison Russell, and Anthony Rizzo.Outfielders are Albert Almora Jr., Kyle Schwarber, Jason Heyward, Leonys Martin, and Jon Jay.Also on the roster are catchers Willson Contreras and Alex Avila.
DC's Legends of Tomorrow is staging a reunion of Titanic proportions.
Billy Zane is set to appear in Season 3 of the superhero series, reuniting him with Victor Garber, who also starred in the James Cameron blockbuster. According to EW, the great Zane will play Barnum & Bailey Circus founder P. T. Barnum for just one episode, unfortunately.
"Obviously, we couldn't resist putting Victor Garber and Billy Zane back on screen for the first time since the Titanic," executive producer Phil Klemperer said, also noting that this upcoming season will feature more historical figures like Barnum.
"But I've wanted to bring Billy onto Legends ever since I saw him in a friend's comedy pilot. I'm not sure that people know how funny Billy is, although we cast him as P.T. Barnum because we knew that he would be able to find the soul beneath the larger-than-life showman," he added.
After Zane's memorable appearance in Zoolander and starring in the short Billy Zane Thinks Zayn Tweets Are About Him, we have a pretty good idea of his comedic chops.
His lengthy list of screen credits also includes Back to the Future, Dead Calm opposite Nicole Kidman, the 1996 superhero flick The Phantom, Twin Peaks, the supernatural series Charmed and Avril Lavigne's music video for "Rock N Roll."
DC's Legends of Tomorrow returns to the CW this fall.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Conor McGregor's proposed mega-fight against Floyd Mayweather WOULD be allowed to take place in Las Vegas.
The Irishman has landed in Sin City amid reports he and Mayweather had agreed terms for their historic cross-over fight.
McGregor does not yet have a boxing license in the state of Nevada but the commission's executive director has said that will not be a barrier.
"That's certainly a fight that we would approve and have in Vegas," Bob Bennett told USA Today . "Who wouldn't want to regulate the two best fighters at 150 pounds in their respective unarmed combat fields? Mayweather's a phenomenal fighter, and so is McGregor. Sure, that's a fight we would approve.
"He's a phenomenal athlete. He's arguably one of the best strikers from the UFC. He's in great shape; he's hardcore, he trains hard, fights hard.
(Photo: @TheNotoriousMMA)
"Mayweather is arguably one of the best fighters of all time because he doesn't believe in getting hit. But let's not forget Floyd (will be) 40 and Conor is 28, so it'd make for a great fight."
McGregor had a meeting with the commission on Tuesday in order to seek a fresh hearing to discuss the bottle-throwing incident with Nate Diaz last August.
The UFC's featherweight champion was originally fined $75,000 and ordered to film an anti-bullying video, but McGregor felt the punishment was harsh.
The commission will discuss his request on March 22 with a positive outcome paving the way for him to apply for his license.
Odell Beckham reeled in another ridiculous one-handed grab during today's New York Giants practice. The guy yelling “hell no” in the video sums it up quite nicely.
So this just happened at #GiantsCamp 👀🔥 pic.twitter.com/w3kFtK7gbK — New York Giants (@Giants) August 14, 2017
Giants coach Ben McAdoo, however, was nonplussed.
How does Giants coach Ben McAdoo react to Odell Beckham's spectacular, one-handed catches? "I like two hands on the ball better than one." — Ralph Vacchiano (@RVacchianoSNY) August 14, 2017
There is, of course, no way McAdoo didn't react internally to Beckham's one-handed snag. It'd be tough for any human coach — even a non-believer — to resist looking to the sky and basking in their good fortune.
One has to treat coachspeak like a bad summer blockbuster: all disbelief must be suspended or the absurdity of their comments become clear. Like, we can't really be expected to take McAdoo at his word. And no one does.
Oddly, as a society, we've just agreed to let coaches say outlandish things like this and look the other way without calling b.s. so they can make vague points about the importance of fundamentals. Or not looking ahead, taking things one game at a time, and any other cliché.
Otherwise we might get a headache thinking about how McAdoo finds this:
… to be superior to this:
It's probably the best Giants fans not think too hard about the whole thing because they'll inevitably be struck by the memory of David Tyree. Wouldn't want them to be unable to enjoy it.
click to enlarge
Halfway into a tasting of LaRue wines, I need wine charms—those shiny little baubles that are supposed to attach to the base of the glass—to tell them apart. Even the last in the lineup, typically the boldest and darkest wine of the lot, is just as luminescently raspberry-red as the first.
Winemaker Katy Wilson (pictured) makes Pinot Noir from the westernmost part of the Sonoma Coast appellation. True, her 2014 Emmaline Ann Pinot Noir winks at darker aromas of smoky oak and leather, and has the savor of lingonberry instead of cool cherry or raspberry candy. Still, light, bright Pinot Noir all around. So is this what we can expect from Pinot from this region?
Not the whole story. At a tasting of Pinot Noir from the Coastlands Vineyard, all from the same vintage but different wineries—some of which Wilson also consults for—each wine was distinct, she says, showing a range of Pinot characteristics from bright-red berries to dark, cherry-cola flavors.
The winemaker brings a lot to the barrel, says Wilson, and that's why she wanted to start her own brand, even when she's already busy making wine for a roster of other wineries, including Claypool Cellars. For LaRue, Wilson does nearly everything herself, including punch-downs and toppings. It's hard to say that any one quotidian task stamps the wine as being hers alone. But in the end it is. Content to make just 500 cases a year, Wilson says that growing a big winery with her name on it isn't the point—besides, she named LaRue after her great-grandmother, Veona LaRue, who advised Katy she could do anything she wanted in life.
Wilson wasn't sure what she wanted to do until she learned in ag 101 at Cal Poly that making wine was an option—she was in. Having grown up on a walnut orchard ("small by Central Valley standards"), Wilson is happy to go off on a tangent about nut pricing and the arcana of dairy shares with the same personable enthusiasm she brings to talking about fine wine. Although five appointments is a big week at the "fancy booze caboose," the funky tasting-room-in-a-train-car she shares with Claypool Cellars in Sebastopol, she doesn't mind showing visitors around the vineyards, and then stopping at Freestone for pastries—it's all part of what she does for her wine.
LaRue Wines, 6761 Sebastopol Ave., (Gravenstein Station), Sebastopol. Tasting by appointment, $15; vineyard tour, $45. Wines are priced at $60 to $75. 707.933.8355.
Adam Christopher Borg hides from reporters outside Maroochydore Courthouse after pleading guilty to crashing into a family's car while more than five times the limit.
Adam Christopher Borg hides from reporters outside Maroochydore Courthouse after pleading guilty to crashing into a family's car while more than five times the limit. Chloe Lyons
WHEN Katrina McKenzie's family car was hit while returning home from going shopping, the lives of her husband and four children in the back seat flashed before her eyes.
After her husband removed their children from the car he went over to help the other driver, not yet knowing the crash was the result of gross intoxication.
Mrs McKenzie can no longer drive or work, her children still suffer from nightmares and are terrified to get into cars.
Drunk driver walks free from court : Adam Christopher Borg hides from reporters outside Maroochydore Courthouse after pleading guilty to crashing into a family's car while more than five times the limit.
But, Adam Christopher Borg, 28, who smashed into the family's car while more than five times the limit, won't spend a day behind bars after a Magistrate determined the community would be "better served" by Borg remaining free.
On August 5, 2017 Borg was speeding along Bli Bli Rd when he over corrected twice and hit the McKenzies' oncoming car.
Katrina McKenzie and her family were hit by Adam Christopher Borg in a serious traffic crash. Contributed
The family suffered from minor injuries and shock, but the psychological impact of the crash continue to haunt them until this day, according to Mrs McKenzie.
"I've got three kids still having nightmares, they won't sleep in their own rooms," she said outside the Maroochydore Courthouse.
"I won't drive... in my eyes it's too dangerous."
Crash victim talks outside court: Katrina McKenzie speaks to the media outside court after the man who crashed into her family's car while more than five times the limit was told he wouldn't spend a day behind bars.
When Borg was put in the back of the ambulance, he began to flail and yelled at a paramedic, "I'm going to kick you in the face", before lifting his legs up and kneeing them in the left eye.
Borg had to be sedated and when blood tested while in hospital, he returned a blood alcohol concentration reading of .267.
Just 14 days later, Borg was back at it again when he crashed through a fence on Hospital Rd, Nambour and fled the scene.
The scene of a Bli Bli Rd crash where a drunk man hit a family car on August 5, 2017. Clayton's Towing
He today pleaded guilty in Magistrates Court to single counts of failing to drive with due care and attention, failing to remain at the scene of an accident, dangerous operation of a vehicle, driving under the influence, dangerous operation of a vehicle while intoxicated, serious assault of a public officer and contravening a police direction.
Lawyer Nathan Turner told the court Borg hadn't eaten anything that day and had been drinking after work, about an hour and a half before the crash.
Magistrate Chris Callaghan said while Borg's offending was "serious", he wanted to see him contribute to the community by working at his full-time job.
Katrina McKenzie talks outside the Maroochydore Courthouse about the crash that changed her family's lives. Chloe Lyons
Borg was given a head sentence of 18 months' imprisonment with immediate parole, was disqualified from driving for 12 months and fined $600.
Borg attempted to avoid waiting reporters by covering his face with his shirt before sprinting away.
× Expand Image courtesy Firehouse Theatre
A nonstop 24-hour theater production has only been tackled twice before: once in Philadelphia, once in New York. Now, director Jeff Cole is bringing the challenge to Richmond with his rendition of “The Bald Soprano”— an hour-long anti-play on a loop. The cast won't be given breaks for food or sleep, but they will switch roles.
“Every few hours the show will change significantly due to the passage of time and exhaustion,” Associate Director Todd Labelle says.
The show and its actors will be pushed to their limits at Firehouse Theatre starting at 7 p.m. on April 21. Tickets are $10; food, blankets, coffee and cots are provided.
firehousetheatre.org
THE first of 10 people killed in the Toronto van attack has been identified.
Anne-Marie D'Amico worked at the Canadian headquarters of US-based investment firm Invesco, located near the 2.2-kilometre stretch where Alek Minassian allegedly ploughed a rented van into a lunch-hour crowd, killing 10 people and injuring 15.
Camera Icon Anne Marie D'Amico is the first victim to be named of the 10 people who were run down on a Toronto street in a senseless massacre on Monday. Picture: Supplied
Peter Intraligi, president of Invesco Canada, confirmed D'Amico's death to Canadian news outlet CBC.
“Our thoughts and prayers continue to be with all those impacted by this tragic event,” Intraligi said.
“I can now confirm that unfortunately one of our employees has succumbed to her injuries. Out of respect for her and her family, we will not be providing any further comments.”
D'Amico's colleague at Invesco, Jon Tam, said she was “full of life, loved to travel, loved to help volunteer.”
“She was a very warm, friendly presence in the office. Always smiling,” he told CBC's Metro Morning.
Camera Icon D'Amico was described by a colleague as “a very warm, friendly presence in the office. Always smiling.” Picture: Supplied
Abdullah Snobar, the executive director of Ryerson University's Digital Media Zone, told CTV news he knew D'Amico from when she studied there.
He said D'Amico, who he thought was about 29, was a “shining light” and incredible, incredible human being.”
“One of the happiest and cheerful people you will ever meet,” he said.
“I had the privilege of being around her for many years and never did I see her down or sad, [she was] usually the one that was lifting people up to find their best and be their best.”
Mourners have been paying their respect to the victims at a makeshift memorial set up across the street from where the van first mounted the curb. An evening vigil was held on Monday night, hours after the horrific event unfolded.
“It was like he was playing a video game, trying to kill as many people as possible,” Panna Patel, 42, who stopped by the memorial and had been at the scene a day earlier, getting cash from an ATM as it occurred, told AP.
“He was looking people directly in the eye, making eye contact, it was so scary. He wasn't remorseful at all.”
Camera Icon Farzad Salehi consoles his wife, Mehrsa Marjani, who was at a nearby cafe and witnessed the aftermath when a van ploughed down a crowded sidewalk. Picture: AP
Minassian appeared in a Toronto court the morning after the incident and was charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 counts of attempted murder.
First degree murder carries a life sentence in Canada. He will reappear in court on May 10.
An elderly man sat silently in court with tears running down his face as Minassian appeared.
He was mobbed by a large media pack as he left court. When asked if he had any message to Toronto, he quietly said “sorry”.
Camera Icon The driver, 25-year-old Alek Manassian, has been charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 counts of attempted murder. Picture: News Corp Australia, LinkedIn
There is still no indication of a motive for yesterday's attack, which left a 2km path of destruction down one of Toronto's busiest streets.
Authorities continue to play down any connections to terrorism.
Camera Icon The van the driver used to speed down a busy Toronto footpath at lunchtime, killing 10 people and injuring 16. Picture: AFP
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau dismissed the possibility of terrorism, saying that authorities see no national security element in the case.
He told a news conference that the incident “hasn't changed the overall threat level in Canada,” though it occurred as Cabinet ministers from the G7 nations were meeting in Toronto.
The stretch of Yonge Street where the victims were struck remains closed to traffic and was expected to stay blocked off for several days as police continue what is likely to be a lengthy investigation.
by George Looby, DVM
Huntington's Disease is a genetic disorder in which the symptoms appear in mid-life usually between the ages of 35 and 50. The onset is insidious with mental signs often appearing first followed by generalized physical deterioration. Treatment is supportive with no specific medication available to counteract the symptoms. Once diagnosed the patient faces a slow downhill course as all bodily functions are lost.
There is now a glimmer of hope that may offer some promise in treating this dreadful disease.
The cause of Huntington's Disease is a deficiency of a molecule named GM1 ganglioside. There is a fine line with this molecule — too much is not good and a lack or deficiency can lead to conditions such as Huntington's. Humans and animals alike have GM1 ganglioside in their systems, some in their nervous systems and some in other tissues of the body. Mother Nature has provided most individuals a checks and balances system which controls the amount of this substance, accomplished by an enzyme.
The easy answer to help control Huntington's would be to find a way to produce GM1 ganglioside.
Dr. Larry Holler, a veterinarian and faculty member at South Dakota State University, has selectively bred a line of sheep that lack the enzyme which controls the production of GM1 ganglioside. These sheep have a condition called GM1 gangliosidosis which causes them to make far more of the molecule than is necessary to meet their needs. Dr. Hollar has been breeding this line of sheep for over 20 years after figuring out the genetics necessary to maintain this unusual trait. GlycoScience Research is the name Dr. Holler has given to his production facility.
Lambs born with this condition produce up to 40 times the amount of GM1 necessary to sustain life. It is a condition that is incompatible with life and affected animals ultimately die. This disease will affect one in every four lambs born to carrier parents. Carrier parents will produce one lamb that is affected, two that are carriers (they show no symptoms) and one lamb that is normal. A test has been developed to determine the genotype status of each individual animal as an aid in selecting breeding stock that will allow for flock expansion. And it is these lambs that may serve as the source for the product that may help control Huntington's.
Affected lambs are slaughtered and their nervous system tissue is harvested and frozen. At this point in the research the use of the carcass is not approved for consumption but based on current information it should be considered edible.
The flock maintained by Dr. Holler has been in the USDA Export Monitored Scrapie Certification Program for many years and has operated as a closed, high health sheep flock for the past 20 years. He currently has a flock of 450 carrier ewes with an additional 50 normal ewes. The normal ewes are used as recipients for embryo transfers and for the production of additional carrier animals.
The search for this potentially beneficial material is not new. In the late 1980's and early 1990's a firm was working with cattle brains as a source of GM1 and found that the quantities which could be extracted from them were enough to be commercially viable. At about this time Mad Cow Disease came on the scene rendering further study on cattle of no value. Other workers doing research on mice found that they could reverse the symptoms of Huntington's in the species using GM1. It was at this time Dr. Holler came to realize that his sheep might help Huntington's patients.
For any drug to find its way onto the market to treat disease in humans it must undergo a rigorous series of trials by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) before being approved for such use. Dr. Holler has been working with Dr. Steven Hersch, clinician and researcher at Harvard/Massachusetts General Hospital, to work this drug through the system and it has met with some success. In January 2015, the FDA approved sheep as an acceptable source of GM1 to progress towards an Investigative New Drug (IND) application which would lead to human clinical trials. As is so often the case the big hang up is funding. At this time, money available for research is very tight and the competition for available dollars is intense.
Another factor that has to be considered is the number of sheep with the condition that are actually available to supply GM1 in the quantities needed for a pharmaceutical company to set up a production line that would be economically viable. It is estimated that it would take one to two lambs to supply the quantity of drug necessary to supply the needs of one patient for one year. Given the number of patients with Huntington's and other possibly treatable diseases such as Parkinson's, the number of sheep required would be very large.
The word of this progress has not been lost on the sheep breeders. Many of them have made inquiries as to how to develop programs in their own flocks that would have the potential to add significant income to their operations. At this time, some 17 additional flocks have signed on to the program which amounts to about 5,000 additional ewes.
The further development of this exciting program should encourage all of those afflicted with Huntington's and related neurological diseases that hope is on the way. It is the further hope of those who have worked so long in the development of these advances that their efforts will be rewarded in a very real way.
For more information about GlycoScience Research and Dr. Holler's work, visit www.glycoscienceresearch.com.
If that is true of northern Utah, it is meteorological gospel for the state's southern redrocks, arroyos and high deserts. Saturday promises temperatures in the mid-80s for Utah's Dixie, up a few degrees from Friday's forecast. Sunday, too, will see highs well into the 80s for the St. George area.
Mt. Pleasant City Council Meets 4-25-18
The Mount Pleasant City Council will meet in regular session Wednesday, April 25, 2018 at City Hall, 307 E. Monroe Street, second floor meeting room at 5:30 pm.
A G E N D A
Roll Call.
Consent Agenda: To the Public – All items with an asterisk (*) are routine
by the City Council and will be enacted by one motion and a roll call of the Council-
members. There will be no separate discussion of items unless the Mayor, a Councilmember
or citizen so request, in which event the item will be removed from the Consent Agenda and
will be considered in its normal sequence on the Agenda.
Receive & file communications- Kristi Ray, Area Development Commission; request to
vacate alley adjacent to 1011 E. Henry;
Approve agenda.
*5. Approve minutes of previous meeting.
*6. Approve payment of bills.
*7. Receive reports of Officers –
Old Business – 3rd reading/adoption of proposed ordinance rezoning Robin Run (north of Ashford Park) from B-3 to R-4 (Modular, Manufactured& Mobile Home District).
Change Order on Jay Street Sewer Reconstruction project.
Amendment on S. Main & Jefferson Reconstruction Engineering Agreement.
* d) Renewal Application for Class C Liquor License for Keo's Grill & Back Bar at 121
North Jefferson Street.
* e) Request to close a portion of parking along Main Street for Car Cruise on May 11.
* f) Renewal application for Class Liquor License for Pizza Hut at 900 North Grand Ave.
New Business a) Review site plan for Robin Run (north of Ashford Park/Sunnybrook Assisted
Living)
b) Approve contract for sewer cleaning (Municipal Pipe)
c) Resolution approving FY18/19 salaries for Seasonal Employees.
d) Resolution approving city employee wages for FY18/19.
e) Resolution approving FY18/19 wages for Fire Dept. personnel.
Resolution awarding contract for Saunders Park Road improvements.
Approve Engineering Services Agreement for Saunders Park Road.
Resolution setting date for public hearing on Rec trail at Linden Dr. & S. Iris Street.
Resolution waiving Council review for county V6 Subdivision.
Resolution approving final plat for Pin Oak Subdivision
Approve contract for demolition of house at Mt. Pleasant Airport.
Set hearing/letting on sewer lining project.
Set hearing/letting for sanitary sewer spot repairs & manhole replacement project.
Approval of Engineering Services for Central Business District.
Public Forum
New Delhi: Bhojpuri sensation Rani Chatterjee enjoys a huge fan following—all thanks to her blockbuster hits and amazing videos on social media. The actress recently took to Facebook and shared yet another mind-blowing video.
Rani Chatterjee took to Facebook and shared a small sneak-peek video of her dance performance from the Garuda Mahotsav.
Watch it here:
The actress made her foray into Bhojpuri film industry in 2004 with 'Sasura Bada Paisawala'. It featured Manoj Tiwari in the lead and was directed by Ajay Sinha. The film turned out to be a blockbuster hit at the Box Office and was also the highest grossing Bhojpuri film that year.
Rani then went on to star in several hits such as 'Sita', 'Devra Bada Satawela', 'Rani No. 786', 'Ganga Yamuna Saraswati', 'Nagin' to name a few. In fact, she bagged the 'Best Actress of the year' award at the 6th Bhojpuri Awards 2013 for her performance in Nagin.
She will next be seen in films such as 'Ye Ishq Bada Bedardi Hai', 'Sakhi Ke Biyah', 'Chor Machye Shor', 'Rani Ki Hukumat', 'Jab Jab Khoon' etc. She even released her first music video titled 'I Love You' on YouTube a few days back. The romantic track has been sung by Kalpana Patowary. In the video, Rani can be seen romancing actor-model Saurabh Roy.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
England have been told to look at themselves rather than the clubs before playing the Six Nations blame game.
The deposed champions are smarting from their worst championship finish for 35 years, with many saying they looked tired and jaded.
An awful campaign was capped by news on Monday that Anthony Watson 's season – including England's summer tour to South Africa – has been ended by a torn Achilles suffered in the weekend loss to Ireland.
Much is made of players in the English game – unlike those in Ireland – having to serve two masters, as the clubs are their principal employers. And former Red Rose coach Sir Clive Woodward reckons Maro Itoje was “out on his feet” on Saturday.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
(Image: PA Wire)
But Nigel Wray, chairman of Itoje's club Saracens, defended the way players are looked after by the European champions and said the problem lies away from the clubs.
Wray added: “The number of club games hasn't gone up, the number of international games has soared. The pressure's only coming from one direction.
“England are having more and more time, that the clubs have given them, with the players. I would ask how much more time do England want players for?
“They've had them for the best part of two months. How many more weeks do you need before you have a good side?
(Image: Getty)
“I don't think another two weeks, stuck in some hotel in the middle of nowhere, is going to do them any good at all personally, though obviously we need a better solution than we've got at the moment.”
England coach Eddie Jones has not used fatigue as an excuse. He knows he works the players hard and that the system was delivering well enough when the side had lost only one in 25 before losing to Scotland last month.
Wray added: “If you ask me what the fundamental reason is, having watched virtually every single England game, it's that, at the moment, we're not good enough.”
The perfect evening bag gets you from the car to the party to the after-party. It holds the essentials—lipstick, phone, passport—and not much else, uniting the practical with the luxurious. Every CR it-girl has one hidden away for the holiday season, and it's her secret weapon for pulling together any look. We've rounded up 16 of our favorite party pouches to ease the stress of never knowing quite what to wear.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Davy Klaassen has moved a step closer to completing his £26million move to Everton by agreeing personal terms.
Klaassen has shaken hands on the terms of a long-term contact at Everton and is now expected to undergo a medical.
The Dutch playmaker's signing could be completed in days and will only add to the uncertainty over Ross Barkley's future at Goodison Park.
Blues boss Ronald Koeman is a huge fan of Klaassen and feels the Ajax skipper will add goals and creativity to the team's midfield.
(Photo: Getty)
(Photo: REUTERS)
Klaassen, 24, scored 16 goals and made 10 assists last season as Ajax reached the Europa League Final and finished second in the Eredivisie.
Klaassen continues Everton's busy summer, which will be their biggest yet in the transfer market.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
They have agreed a £30million fee with Sunderland for Jordan Pickford and are favourites to land the £25million-rated Michael Keane.
Everton are also targeting Malaga striker Sandro Ramirez as Koeman attempts to build a side capable of challenging for the Champions League places.
Michael Ray is keeping the Get to You Tour going, extending the trek for a third leg that starts March 22 at the Majestic Theatre in Madison, Wisconsin. Along the way, th...
Welcome back to The Cambridge News live blog this afternoon where we will be bringing you all the latest traffic and travel updates for Cambridgeshire.
See below for the latest news on the accidents and congestion on major roads, including the A14, M11 and A10, that might affect your route home from work.
Delays and cancellations on the trains, affecting commuters heading into and out of London, and across Cambridgeshire, will also be updated in the blog.
For the latest news visit http://www.cambridge-news.co.uk/news/.
Get all the big headlines, pictures, analysis, opinion and video on the stories that matter to you.
Follow us on Twitter @CambridgeNewsUK - the official Cambridge News account - giving real news in real time.
We're also on facebook.com/cambridgenews - for must-see news, features, videos and pictures throughout the day from the Cambridge News.
INGERSOLL, Ont. — The union representing about 2,500 striking workers at GM's CAMI assembly plant in Ingersoll, Ont., says the two sides remain far apart on job security and economic issues.
The members of Unifor Local 88 walked off the job Sept. 17 as negotiators worked to have GM designate the plant as the lead producer of the Equinox SUV, which is also produced at two plants in Mexico.
The union says it has been meeting with the automaker daily since Sept. 27 and have "worked through a lot of the contract language" but is awaiting a response from GM on the outstanding issues.
Unifor says the two sides have agreed to pause the talks over the long holiday weekend and reconvene next Tuesday, but will be ready to resume bargaining "at a moment's notice" should GM respond sooner.
GM Canada did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the ongoing negotiations.
Economic Development Minister Brad Duguid said Friday that he had spoken with both GM Canada President Stephen Carlisle and Unifor President Jerry Dias in the last 48 hours.
Neither had asked for government support to keep the Equinox lines in Ontario, he said, while urging both parties to reach an agreement.
"I know they're working very hard and I hope they'll be working over the weekend to find a resolution to this collective bargaining dispute," Duguid said. "It is rippling through our supply chain economy in Ontario."
Last Sunday, Dias dismissed GM's latest contract offer as "fluff," saying it still allows the company to shift its resources away from the Ingersoll plant.
He said the union will not back any deals unless they're confident that more jobs won't be shifted to Mexican plants.
A nation that continues year after year to spend more money on military defense than on programs of social uplift is approaching spiritual doom.
Trevor Sikkema is the Tampa Bay Buccaneers beat reporter and NFL Draft analyst for PewterReport.com. Sikkema, an alumnus of the University of Florida, has covered both college and professional football for much of his career. As a native of the Sunshine State, when he's not buried in social media, Sikkema can be found out and active, attempting to be the best athlete he never was. Sikkema can be reached at: trevor@pewterreport.com
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A victim of a man who trafficked vulnerable people from the Czech Republic to the UK to work for next to no money has spoken of his horrendous ordeal.
Rudolph Csorba was trafficked by Miloslav Bily who is now starting a prison sentence for bringing five men over to work for him, keeping them in squalid conditions and pocketing their wages.
Mr Csorba, 52, has given an emotional video interview where he talked about his experiences.
The video also shows CCTV footage of Mr Csorba arriving in the UK with nothing but the clothes he is wearing but is still made to carry Bily's bags.
The trafficker had travelled to the country to recruit workers.
(Image: Derby Telegraph/BPM Media)
Mr Csorba said: “In a nutshell, while I was working for him, we had to go to work from 9am to 7pm.
“We had to go to work every single day, except Sunday. When we refused, he said we had to because he needed more people.
“It seemed like he knew a lot of people around Derby who could offer the work. When he showed me my room I could see that the room was unfurnished with just three or four mattresses.
(Image: Derby Telegraph/BPM Media)
“There were three of us altogether," he continued. "One of us had a perfect room, in my view, because it was furnished.
"The other two...we had to live in rooms where there were just these mattresses. The whole house was dirty.
“We weren't paid a single penny. When I had been there for about 20 days, I asked him where is the money I have been earning. He said he didn't have any.
“But when I went to work that day, I could see he was paying cash in hand to someone. So I asked him to stop the car because I was in pain.”
Mr Csorba said he felt scared when he realised what was happening to him at the property in Derby.
He said: "When I saw this, I could see the situation I was in but I couldn't do anything and I was terrified of what would happen.
(Image: Derby Telegraph/BPM Media)
(Image: Derby Telegraph/BPM Media)
(Image: Derby Telegraph/BPM Media)
“I had no money on me so there was nothing I could do," he continued.
“I wasn't happy in the house because it was so unhygienic so I asked to stay in the caravan instead. It wasn't great but at least I could have a shower.
"One day, when he was taking us to work, I confronted him again about money and he said he didn't have any and I got out of the car and started walking.
(Image: Derby Telegraph/BPM Media)
“A Ukrainian woman found me and got me some water and said she was going to call an ambulance.
"When the paramedic saw me, she said she recognised what had happened to me and she called the police.
"They came straight away and I told them what had happened to me. When I was with the police, I didn't feel frightened anymore."
Judge Cooke jailed Bily for 45 months, describing him as a “parasitic individual” and the crimes as “corrupt and manipulative”.
He said it was not “not low pay, it was no pay”.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Claude Puel has been sacked by Southampton.
The Frenchman guided the club to eighth in his first season in charge.
Southampton were also beaten by Manchester United in the EFL Cup final but that wasn't enough for Puel to keep his job.
The search now begins for his successor as Southampton seek their fourth manager in the last five seasons.
Here are the candidates to replace Puel.
Thomas Tuchel
(Photo: REUTERS)
Tuchel is the favourite to replace Puel after leaving Borussia Dortmund.
The 43-year-old spent two seasons with the Bundesliga club and won the DFB-Pokal last term.
He had been linked with Bayer Leverkusen but ruled himself out of the running.
Tuchel would be a major coup for Southampton, if they can lure him to St Mary's.
Odds: Evens
Frank de Boer
(Photo: Sunday Mail)
The Dutchman has been linked with a host of Premier League clubs in recent years.
He lasted just a few months with Inter Milan last term but has been linked with Southampton and Crystal Palace.
De Boer has reportedly held talks with Palace.
Odds: 9/2
Mauricio Pellegrino
(Photo: REUTERS)
The former Liverpool defender and coach is another name to be linked with the post.
Pellegrino is on the lookout for a new role after leaving Alaves at the end of last season.
Like De Boer, he has been linked with the vacancy at Selhurst Park.
Odds: 8/1
Jaap Stam
(Photo: Ian Walton/Getty Images)
The former Manchester United defender enjoyed a fine season with Reading.
A play-off final defeat to Huddersfield saw the campaign end on a sour note but the Royals will be up there next term.
Could Stam be in the Premier League before that?
Odds: 12/1
Paolo Sousa
(Photo: AFP)
Sousa is currently without a job after leaving Fiorentina.
The ex-Swansea and Leicester boss has been replaced by Stefano Piolo at the Serie A club and could be lured by a return to England.
An outsider for the post having never managed in the Premier League.
Odds: 14/1
New Delhi: Amid unpredictability and shocks cluttering the ICC Champions Trophy 2017, defending champions India takes on a rather rejuvenated Bangladesh team at Edgbaston, today, to join Pakistan in the finals.
Looking at stats and numbers and teams and glancing through the history books, Indians are the obvious favourites when they head into the crucial encounter. But with English pitch rewriting history, bringing forth the uncertainties, much can turn today in Bangladesh's favour, especially after two tigers - Shakib Al Hasan (114) and Mahmudullah (104) - scripted a heroic comeback to upset New Zealand.
Amid the skipper-coach rift, India flew down to England as title favourites. They crumbled down current finalist Pakistan by 124 runs in the opening match, but failed to emulate the same against the Sri Lankans. However, in what was called as a virtual quarter-final, Virat Kohli's men shut the door on the World no. 1 South Africa to storm into the semi-final round.
A win would definitely be overwhelming, although not as much as that of when beating Australia or Pakitsan, may be. However, a loss could draw ample controversies and criticisms.
Bangladesh, started off with an eight-wicket humiliation at the hands of the host nation, England. But courtesy to rain, as their encounter with Australia ended in a wash-out tie and also added onto the concern of the latter, who were struggling with rain ruining their title intentions. Interestingly, a superb Ben Stokes ton against Australia, send the minnows into the semi-final.
Heading into the game, much is to see as to whether skipper Mashrafe Mortaza would intend to still go with four pacers, or will he bring back spinner Mehedi Hasan. Much will be expected from Mustafizur Rahman, who is having a rather quiet tournament. His lethal off-cutters had stunned the Indians in 2015 home series which Bangladesh won 2-1. Also, the Tigers would be delighted if Shakib and Mahmudullah once again step up to the occasion and deliver the same alongside opener Tamim Iqbal.
For India, Jasprit Bumrah has had a rather topsy-turvy campaign in England. However, he did bounce back to register figures of 2/28 against South Africa and earned the Man of the Match award. Question also arises whether Ashwin will retain his position in the playing XI or will Umesh Yadav could mark a return.
As for the rain gods, well, they have rather calmed down there at Birmingham and no such prediction of an intervention has been made so far.
Squads:
India: Virat Kohli (captain), Shikhar Dhawan, Rohit Sharma, Yuvraj Singh, Mahendra Singh Dhoni, Kedar Jadhav, Hardik Pandya, Ravindra Jadeja, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Jasprit Bumrah, Umesh Yadav, Ajinkya Rahane, Ravichandran Ashwin, Dinesh Karthik, Mohammed Shami.
Bangladesh: Mashrafe Mortaza (captain), Tamim Iqbal, Imrul Kayes, Soumya Sarkar, Sabbir Rahaman, Mahmudullah Riyadh, Shakib Al Hasan, Mushfiqur Rahim (wk), Rubel Hossain, Mustafizur Rahaman, Taskin Ahmed, Mehedi Hossain Miraz, Mossadek Hossain, Sunzamul Islam, Shafiul Islam.
When is the ICC Champions Trophy match between India and Bangladesh?
The ICC Champions Trophy match between India and Bangladesh is on Thursday, June 15.
At what time will the live coverage of the ICC Champions Trophy match between India and Bangladesh start?
The live coverage of ICC Champions Trophy match between India and Bangladesh will start at 3:00 pm IST.
Where will the ICC Champions Trophy match between India and Bangladesh match be played?
The ICC Champions Trophy match between India and Bangladesh match will be played at Edgbaston, Birmingham.
Which are the TV channels that will do a live telecast of the ICC Champions Trophy match between India and Bangladesh?
Star Sports 1, Star Sports HD 1 and Star Sports 1 Hindi, Star Sports 1 Hindi HD 1 are the channels that will do a live telecast of the ICC Champions Trophy match between India and Bangladesh.
Where can one watch the live streaming of the ICC Champions Trophy match between India and Bangladesh?
One can watch the live streaming on Hotstar. For live scores, updates, and analysis, you can follow zeenews.india.com/cricket.
For 29-year-old Katheren A. Raphael, the new Flipkart headquarters in Bengaluru's Bellandur area is a huge change. Raphael, who has been working with the company since she finished her postgraduation six years ago, had been shuttling between the 10 smaller offices the company used to lease in the city till a month or so ago. Scheduling meetings and getting to other locations on time—despite the company's shuttle service—was time-consuming, and spontaneous catch-ups were rare. The new campus, housing three 10-storey buildings with seating capacity for more than 7,000 employees, 300 meeting rooms and over 200 “huddle spaces”, has ended these commuting woes. “It definitely promotes collaboration,” says the assistant manager, special projects and events.
Close encounters: Raphael's work involves collaborating between departments as diverse as engineering, merchandise, design and communications. This would often involve shuttling between offices for meetings. Often, they would hold meetings on Google Hangouts or collaborate via Google Docs. “Now I can just walk across to the next building or meet people at Chai Point or even do ‘walking meetings' where we do a quick-catch up while taking a stroll,” she says, adding that the “positivity” of the space has inspired her to be more creative and spontaneous.
Functional and fun: “A lot of thought has gone into the design and how to make it a fun and comfortable space for employees,” Raphael says. “I love the fact, for instance, that there are USB charging ports at every workstation, so I don't have to carry a bulky charger, or that there's a pantry where we can grab a quick breakfast of bread-butter-jam with tea or coffee if we miss breakfast at home.”
The meeting rooms with their outrageously alliterative names bring a smile to her face. “I love scheduling meetings in this room called ‘Khula Aasman' because I love nature, and the name seems so full of possibilities.... Another room, called ‘Paapi Passion', makes me giggle and roll my eyes, like, what were they thinking?” says Raphael, breaking into a wide grin.
Breezy vibe: An outdoorsy person, Raphael likes to make her way to the rooftop play areas or the café-style seating area in the wide connecting bridge between two buildings when she is free. The creative use of space, with huddle areas and silent zones in corners and dead ends, is also something she loves, along with the use of natural light. “The meeting rooms are in the centre and workstations around the periphery, which makes them bright and airy,” she says.
Open office: The flat structure of the workspace inspires her. “There are no cabins, not even for Sachin (Bansal; executive chairman and co-founder), Binny (Bansal; group CEO and co-founder), or Kalyan (Krishnamurthy; CEO and co-founder). They have workstations like ours,” she says. Pointing to a workstation in her bay, she adds, “That's where Binny sits.”
“I've seen Sachin waiting patiently outside meeting rooms for the current meeting to get over,” says Raphael. “The process to book a room is the same for all of us. There is just no hierarchy—everyone is accessible.”
The Work Tour is a series which looks at how people are engaging with office design and how it impacts their productivity and positivity at work.
CHAPMANVILLE, W.Va. — During the regular meeting of the Town Council Monday February 13, councilors voted to hire attorneys to represent them in a case against drug distributors.
Many other government bodies throughout West Virginia have also signed on to sue drug distributors.
The town of Chapmanville will join the list of places filing suit against drug distributors including Logan County Commission, The McDowell County Commission, the town of Welch and the town of Kermit.
Chapmanville mayor Raamie Barker explained, “You recall at our last meeting…we had two law firms that came and asked us to sign on as litigants in the national drug litigation case to recover our losses sustained as a government caused by drug companies and some providers.”
When the Logan County Commission filed suit, they cited numbers saying 35 million prescription pain pills had been shipped to Logan County between 2007 and 2012 — enough for every person in the county to have each consumed around 950 prescription pail pills during that time period.
Like other government bodies involved in the suits, the Logan County Commission said the drug problem had created a public nuisance in the community.
Barker noted the town would hire the Chafin Law Firm to represent them in the matter saying, “I asked Mr. Kuenzel to review those proposals. He's made a recommendation to me that he felt our best direction would be to award the contract to the Chafin Law Firm…”
The town of Chapmanville recenlty voted to join the list of places filing suit against drug distributors including Logan County Commission, The McDowell County Commission, the town of Welch and the town of Kermit. http://loganbanner.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/02/web1_IMG_1958-copy-CMYK.jpg The town of Chapmanville recenlty voted to join the list of places filing suit against drug distributors including Logan County Commission, The McDowell County Commission, the town of Welch and the town of Kermit. Owen Wells | TLB
By Owen Wells [email protected]
Owen Wells is a reporter for Civitas Media. He can be reached at 304-752-6950 or by email at [email protected]
Owen Wells is a reporter for Civitas Media. He can be reached at 304-752-6950 or by email at [email protected]
TORONTO — Ontario's newly elected Progressive Conservative government has halted changes to sports and concert ticket price legislation that would have capped resale values for events across the province.
A spokesman for the Tories confirmed today that the law passed by the previous Liberal government to address escalating ticket prices will not immediately move ahead.
The Tories say the law attempted to put a cap on ticket resale prices but had no mechanisms to enforce the measure.
The new government, which was officially sworn on last Friday, says it will review the section of the consumer protection law that deals with ticket resale.
This week, Sies Marjan has released an editorial featuring its Fall 2017 collection. Some of the looks have already appeared on the runway, while others are shown here for the first time as part of an early delivery.
The house's creative director Sander Lak often works with collaborators throughout the development of each season. Last Spring, Lak worked with fine art photographer Nigel Shafran to photograph intimate photos of some of his close friends wearing the collection.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Courtesy of Sies Marjan
For this coming Fall, Lak has teamed up on a more spontaneous project with photographer Roe Ethridge and stylist Marie Chaix. The imagery was taken prior to the collection's runway show last February. “It happened pretty organically,” Lak reported while on set for another shoot. “I love his projects with Marie, and we wanted him to document the process of our styling sessions in an editorial way as we were going along—no makeup, no distractions—just to see how things look outside of ‪the showroom/styling context, on great girls with an amazing photographer. A lot of what we did on that shoot ended up dictating what happened on the runway.” The designer sites these projects as a way for him to document his process as it unfolds.
As far as that process goes, Lak's is an interesting one—he no longer works with a theme or muse, and says that he has not done a single sketch since starting Sies Marjan. “After years and years of working in that way—thinking of a theme, finding inspiration, sketching, and then making—I felt like I wanted to break that mold and challenge myself. We don't talk about themes, we make clothes, we buy clothes and work with them. We talk about color a lot and about how colors feel. It's almost as if color is our method of theme and creating.”
It's not all about tapping into feelings though; there's a practical force that drives a Sies Marjan collection towards completion: deadlines. “Rather than starting with a specific inspiration, we start with deadlines and see how we can create clothes to meet those deadlines. The first step is deciding on the color card so we can order fabrics and then we have to work on knitwear and shoes and only after that the actual collection evolves and develops from that point. This way we are not limited by a theme or a specific look. I love to keep it all as organic and open as possible.” Flipping through the Sies Marjan color palette instantly reshapes your mood—get on the same page with hot pink, muted greens, pastels, and burnt browns for Fall.
The early delivery of Sies Marjan's Fall collection is available now at barneys.com and matches.com.
Courtesy of Sies Marjan
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Courtesy of Sies Marjan
Courtesy of Sies Marjan
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Courtesy of Sies Marjan
Courtesy of Sies Marjan
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Courtesy of Sies Marjan
Courtesy of Sies Marjan
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Courtesy of Sies Marjan
Courtesy of Sies Marjan
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Courtesy of Sies Marjan
Courtesy of Sies Marjan
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Courtesy of Sies Marjan
Courtesy of Sies Marjan
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Courtesy of Sies Marjan
Courtesy of Sies Marjan
LONDON (AP) - Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are striking a different note with the music for their upcoming wedding, mixing gospel with choral works as the soundtrack for what they pledge will be a joyful occasion.
Kensington Palace said Tuesday that Harry and his American fiancee "have taken a great deal of interest and care" in selecting the wedding music. The palace says there will be performances by the St George's Chapel choir and Karen Gibson and The Kingdom Choir, a gospel group from southeast England.
The performers include 19-year-old cellist Sheku Kanneh-Mason, who says he was "bowled over" when Markle called to ask him to play during the ceremony.
The couple has revealed details of their May 19 upcoming wedding over several weeks, with more to come.
___
For complete royal wedding coverage, visit https://apnews.com/tag/Royalweddings
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A desperate mum jumped onto railway tracks to rescue her baby when this pram rolled off the platform.
Heart-stopping CCTV footage showed the woman was distracted as she helped another child at West Ryde station in New South Wales, Australia.
Video released by transport chiefs show the parent wheel the pram out of a platform lift accompanied by two young children.
The mum's attention then becomes drawn to one boy who finds himself stuck inside the lift when he is too slow to leave.
(Image: transport.nsw.gov.au)
(Image: transport.nsw.gov.au)
But as the woman turns and lets go of the buggy, it rolls towards the platform edge before it falls onto the tracks.
Realising what has happened, the woman runs towards the pram and jumps on the line to try to retrieve it.
The two children watch on as a man hops down to help the woman and bring the pram back on the platform.
(Image: transport.nsw.gov.au)
(Image: transport.nsw.gov.au)
Crowds of commuters gathered to watch the dramatic incident unfold before a train pulls in at the station just moments later.
The footage was released by New South Wales transport chiefs to highlight safety issues on public transport as it was revealed there were 5,000 "safety related" incidents across Australia last year.
The country's Transport Minister Andrew Constance said more than 2,000 travellers fell over on public transport when they were distracted by their mobile phones or from rushing.
He said: "We take the safety of our customers and staff very seriously.
"There are around 12 million customer journeys on trains, buses, light rail and ferries each week and the vast majority of these are completed safely."
Several young adults make money mistakes owing to lack of knowledge, which can in turn result in financial insecurity. Photo: Ramesh Pathania/Mint
Late 20s and early 30s are life-changing. It is exciting (because you are financially independent) and at the same time daunting to keep pace with these changes. However, it is in your 20s when you start experiencing real responsibility for the first time. Most of these responsibilities are related to money. Like it or not, know it or not, you have to deal with it. Several young adults make money mistakes owing to lack of knowledge, which can in turn result in financial insecurity.
According to our research, an average individual can't make more than three major financial mistakes. However, there are cases where the same mistake is repeated very often resulting in a catastrophe. Here are the three common financial mistakes which should be avoided for a smooth financial journey towards your goals.
Mistake 1: Buying a wrong financial product
Most people decide to buy a financial product without understanding if it fulfils the need for which it is being advised. Common mistakes here can be—investing in different asset classes and products without understanding their risk profile, not mapping investments to goals, buying common product for insurance and investment that dilutes the basic purpose of insurance, making you pay a high premium for a lower life cover, taking a high-cost loan for a depreciating asset that leads to higher interest payments and liquidity problems. If you have made this mistake, fixing it is the only remedy. Going back and checking products that you own is important. Hanging on to products that are not conducive leads to more damage as time progresses.
Mistake 2: Seeking advice from wrong people
Wrong financial decisions can prove to be very costly and these wrong decisions are owing to wrong advice. Most people tend to seek advice from friends, families or agents.
It has been observed that 90% of Indians fall into the trap of buying financial products such as insurance from an agent who is only trying to maximise his commission.
Around 85% of people admit that following the advice their friends give has not improved their financial lives. They could be your worst advisors. They would tell you how well they have done for themselves. What they would not tell you is the costly mistakes they have made. Financial advice should be comprehensive, covering every aspect of your life, including family and goals. This can be provided only by professional and qualified financial planner.
Mistake 3: Delaying the obvious
People tend to delay financial decisions, which could prove to be costly. Retirement goal is a common financial decision that is neglected and kept for a later day. In the future, the retirement age could come down from the current 55 years to 45 years.
If the decision is delayed, one would not be able to build a retirement corpus. Someone who starts investing early in right instruments would build a higher corpus by investing a lower amount as the power of compounding is on your side.
Nitin Vyakaranam is founder and CEO, ArthaYantra Corp. Pvt. Ltd
By The Associated Press
NEW YORK (AP) — It was one of New York City's most enduring mysteries, but a jury may have written the final chapter in the 1979 disappearance of 6-year-old Etan Patz (AY'-tahn payts).
After a lengthy trial, jurors on Tuesday convicted 56-year-old Pedro Hernandez of luring the boy into a basement and killing him.
Hernandez was a stock boy at a convenience store along Etan's morning walk to the school bus.
Hernandez confessed years ago to choking the boy, but his lawyers say that admission was a figment of his imagination.
Jurors say they believe Hernandez has a mental illness, but is not delusional and can tell right from wrong.
Hernandez's lawyer says he will appeal the verdict.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man has died after getting trapped under a bus in a car park at Chester Zoo .
Emergency services were called to the coach park outside the tourist attraction at 12.30 this afternoon, the Manchester Evening News reports.
First aid teams from the Zoo and emergency services tried to help the man but he was pronounced dead at the scene.
The age of the man and where he is from is not yet known.
Chester Zoo confirmed ‘with real sadness' in a statement that a man had passed away.
(Photo: Chester Chronicle)
It added that its thoughts were with the man's family and all involved.
Mark Pilgrim, the zoo's chief executive officer, said: "We can confirm with real sadness that a man passed away in our public coach park earlier today.
"First aid teams and other zoo staff assisted the emergency services but sadly the man died at the scene.
"Our thoughts and sympathies are very much with his family and all involved."
A Cheshire Police spokesperson said: "Officers attended the scene and found that a man had become trapped under a double decker bus on the coach car park outside the zoo.
(Photo: Liverpool Echo)
(Photo: Liverpool Echo)
"The bus is believed to have been empty at the time the incident occurred.
"North West Ambulance Service attended the incident and sadly the man was pronounced dead at the scene.
"A police investigation into the circumstances surrounding the incident is currently under way and the Health and Safety Executive has been informed.
"Police, Fire and ambulance remain in attendance at the scene and, as a result of the incident; a small section is currently screened off from public access. Officers are also in the process notifying the man's next of kin."
The ABC hit drama "Once Upon A Time" is back tonight for its seventh season.The residents of the Enchanted Forest will face their greatest challenge yet.So what's ahead for season seven?Henry is all grown up - and the Evil Queen is back.Lana Parrilla, who plays the Evil Queen, gave an inside look at the upcoming season."Once Upon a Time" season seven premieres Friday at 7 p.m. on ABC7.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A brave wife has shared the loving support she received from her husband after health issues left her feeling "broken".
Samantha Caracci has had complications since the birth of her second child. She says she's been dealing with painful ovarian cysts after having her left ovary and fallopian tubes removed.
After a recent date night, Samantha ended up in hospital. It left her feeling "ugly, scarred, and completely broken."
But Samantha says in a powerful Instagram post that her husband Rob offered her some beautiful support.
She writes: "Since having my youngest and last child my body has been a mess. I've been getting ovarian cysts every 2-3 weeks and doctors can't tell me why.
"I've tried so many different birth controls and nothing is slowing them down. I've had my left ovary, and both Fallopian tubes removed. As well as my gallbladder that crapped out on me because of all the birth control I've tried.
"Well, a few weeks ago I found out I have a huge ovarian mass on my right ovary. I go to see a specialist about what it is and how to proceed with treatment. So fast forward to last night. Rob and I were supposed to have a date night but I ended up in the ER in so much pain and spotting.
"They said the mass was still there and I really need to see a specialist. When we got home from the hospital I was crying and upset with my body. I felt like it was ugly, scarred, and completely broken, I felt like it has failed me.
"Rob said 'Come here babe, let me take your picture so I can show you the things I think are beautiful about your body.'
"We sat and he proceeded to tell me all the wonderful things about my body. Ladies, that's the kind of man you deserve. A man that will pick you up when you're down, comfort you no matter what, endlessly tell you how perfect you are."
Samantha says she wants to raise awareness of the difficulty of living with ovarian cysts. Dozens have offered her support on the app, with many readers saying they'd been brought to tears by her story.
One reader said: "Thank you. Thank you for raising awareness. Thank you for being so raw. Thank you for your honesty and your truth. This problem hurts so much.
"I have been told to 'get over it' and 'it's just cramps' many many times but this I will share and show to those that dont go through what we do. You get it and for that you are amazing."
Samantha told Pop Sugar : "[People] need to understand just how painful this is for the women that deal with this every day. And for the women that will never have a baby due to this, awareness needs to be raised for this medical condition in order to help others."
Police are searching for 15-year old Jadee Eccleston.
John Gray High School staff called police around 9:30 a.m. Friday (2 February) to report she had left school and staff could not find her, according to a police statement.
Police say they later learned she had gone home briefly around Noon but had left her residence on Capt. Joe and Osbourne Road, in West Bay, shortly thereafter.
Ms. Eccleston is of fair complexion and was last seen with her hair in one ponytail. She was wearing dark blue uniform pants, white John Gray High School uniform shirt and a black hoodie.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Theresa May is accused of breaking her vow to end “burning injustices” after leaving a poverty watchdog empty for at least six months.
The Prime Minister has still not replaced her Social Mobility Commission after the entire team dramatically quit in December.
Alan Milburn quit as Commission chairman, along with his three fellow commissioners, saying he had “little hope” of a fairer Britain.
Now ministers have admitted they will only interview candidates to replace him in “early May”.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
And the other Commissioners will only be recruited after the new chair has been chosen - suggesting a delay of months more.
Shadow Education Secretary Angela Rayner said the delay “tells us everything we need to know about the Tories' real priorities.”
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
She added: “It is hard to escape the suspicion that they are desperate to avoid being held to account on their own promises.
“I warn them now that another government crony simply will not command confidence or respect.”
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
Ms Rayner obtained confirmation of the delay from Tory Education Minister Nadhim Zahawi.
Mr Zahawi wrote: “The recruitment of a new Chair of the Social Mobility Commission is underway and applications closed on 30 March.
(Image: PA Archive/Press Association Images)
“Interviews are intended to take place in early May. This is a public appointment, and the process, including the interviews, will be completed following the procedures set out in the Public Appointments guidance.
“We plan to begin the recruitment process for new Commissioners as soon as possible after the new Chair has been appointed, to allow him or her to be involved in the process.”
Former Labour minister Mr Milburn resigned complaining the government did not have the “bandwith” to match its promises with reality.
He wrote in his resignation letter: “I have little hope of the current Government making the progress I believe is necessary to bring about a fairer Britain.”
By The Associated Press
KNOXVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — Jurors in a murder trial involving the 2015 death of a Tennessee high school football player who shielded friends from gunfire heard an interview in which one defendant tells police he fired shots in the air without aiming at anyone that night.
Jurors on Monday saw Knoxville police violent crimes investigator A.J. Loeffler's interview with Christopher Drone Bassett on the night that 15-year-old Zaevion Dobson died. Bassett, Kipling Deshawn Colbert and Richard Gregory Williams III face first-degree murder charges.
Bassett initially denied accompanying cousin Brandon Perry to the Lonsdale area of Knoxville where Dobson was shot. Bassett eventually says he saw Perry fire shots, got scared and later fired “maybe five” shots in the air.
Perry died in a separate shooting later that night.
Bloomberg Businessweek is unveiling a relaunch on Thursday — seven months after revealing other major changes to the title.
The print weekly, which the company bought from McGraw-Hill in 2009, was viewed as somewhat of a loss leader that nonetheless garnered a good deal of attention for playful covers showing a sensibility that set it apart from the straightforward style of news stories meant to be read by the financial world on Bloomberg Terminals between trading.
In mid-November, Businessweek editor-in-chief Ellen Pollock, who had replaced Josh Tyrangiel the previous year, left (she has since gone on to become the editor of The New York Times' business section) and was succeeded by Megan Murphy, a former Financial Times reporter who ran Bloomberg's Washington, D.C., bureau during the election.
Since Murphy took the reins, changes have included integrating the editorial staff into the Bloomberg newsroom and turning luxury title Bloomberg Pursuits from a stand-alone print magazine into a digital property. As part of Businessweek's new look, Pursuits will be integrated into the print product. To coincide with the magazine's relaunch, it rethought its digital presence, which includes a redesigned app and an afternoon newsletter. Additionally, Pursuits will become the back of the book for the weekly magazine.
Murphy talked to WWD about her transition to editor-in-chief, running Bloomberg's D.C. bureau and what to expect from Businessweek:
WWD: How will the magazine change?
Megan Murphy: There were very clear ideas about making the design clearer and simpler. The most important thing was to take the book and make it a more premium, upmarket product. We are not blind to the fact that print advertising is not so great, and is declining. But we still very much believe in the value of a print magazine and what that can deliver for readers….If you are sitting around on a Saturday, we want to be there. Look at the brands that have been successful at setting up paywalls, whether that's the FT or The Economist or The Wall Street Journal or The New Yorker — we believe that we are in that space. I just don't believe that we have showcased that we are in that space as much as we could have. And that's a big part of the relaunch, to make sure that people know just how premium our content is. We also need to be relevant on a daily basis, which is why we redid the web site and app.
WWD: What was it like being Bloomberg's Washington Bureau chief during the election?
M.M.: It was a tough situation — and I don't think I'm telling tales out of school by saying that. The political venture at Bloomberg was incredibly bifurcated. There was a New York operation, there was a Washington operation. There was no cohesive vision for what kind of coverage we wanted to do and a lot of the staff were fairly junior, so much of that job was organizing those reporters to cover the election. It was intense. I would get up and start on TV at 5:30 a.m., because the TV person left and we never hired a replacement. And then we'd still be line editing at 11 at night.
WWD: And what was it like to go from that to being the editor-in-chief of Businessweek?
M.M.: The transition was hard. It was a situation where we had made this change and made it fairly rapidly after the election, and people were kind of grappling with this new reality. These people didn't know me from Adam. And oh, by the way, we are asking you to keep doing the book but also radically reinvent the vision of what you are going to be in the future. So I am really so grateful for the way that people just put their heads down and did the work and got this done.
One of the things we did first when I came in as editor in November was that we moved the reporters at Businessweek onto the teams at Bloomberg. That's designed to better leverage what we have at Bloomberg. We want to use those assets.
WWD: What about Pursuits, which will now be the back of the book?
M.M.: I was always a big believer of Bloomberg's ability to expand in the luxury space because it's just a no-brainer for our brand. I think Emma [Rosenblum] and Emma's team does it a lot differently, in that they tell these luxury narratives in a very beautiful, compelling way that is a natural fit for what we do at Businessweek. Look, we all work really hard and the world can be a difficult place. So we want to give people a little bit of escapism at the back of the book.
Read more:
Changing Times at Bloomberg's BusinessWeek Amid Editorial Upheaval
Media People: Bloomberg Media's Justin B. Smith
Ellen Pollock to Lead New York Times Business Coverage
Bloomberg to Launch Luxury Lifestyle Magazine
Emma Rosenblum Takes Helm at Bloomberg Pursuits
Josh Tyrangiel, Businessweek's Boy Wonder
By @GeorgeJFox
One bite. Everybody knows the rules. Dave “El Presidente” Portnoy, the founder of Barstool Sports, started off with the audacious goal of reviewing every pizzeria in Manhattan, but it doesn't stop there.
As the Michigan / Michigan State rivalry week is heating up — Team Portnoy is in town presumably for the game and to pick up some additional pizza reviews.
Buddy's Pizza, a Detroit staple is on the menu in a video posted Thursday. His co-star in this edition of the series is Fox 2 reporter Kellie Rowe.
The first minute and a half of the video centers around Portnoy's digression about Escapade unexpectedly playing outside the restaurant. “Who sings this? Madonna? Yeah Madonna,” said Portnoy.
Rowe throwing a small amount of shade said, “I don't know. That's a little bit more your era.” Eventually, cameraman Frankie Borrelli comes in like a champ with the right answer, Janet Jackson.
Rowe's score comes in at 9.9.
“That's a ridiculous score,” said Portnoy who gave it a 7.6 out of 10. Which fans of the review series will know is a very respectable score.
It was clear that nobody gave Portnoy a primer on what exactly Detroit style pizza is. “It looks like Chicago deep dish, right?”
Related: 5 Things In Detroit That Exist Nowhere Else In The US
For the record, the key feature of Detroit-style pizza is its distinctive chewy yet crispy crust. Buddy's puts their spin on it by adding dollops of sauce on top.
Some MSU / U-M football predictions round out the video.
Pornoy predicts a Michigan win, but it will be close as State will cover the 10.5 spread.
Rowe picks the Spartans to win by 7 and they agree to wear the other school's colors and post them all over social media if their team loses.
Plus according to Portnoy, MSU hockey player Torey Krug has agreed to wear a U-M Portnoy jersey to practice if MSU loses.
Interesting.
Bengaluru: Amazon India indicated that it is witnessing rapid growth from its Amazon Prime membership programme amid a healthy increase in the number of new users from second and third-tier cities and towns, even as the e-commerce giant prepares to launch a new digital payments service soon in India after getting the go-ahead from the Reserve Bank of India to do so.
In an interview on Wednesday, Amazon India head Amit Agarwal said that spending from the existing base of paid Prime users has doubled since the beginning of the year. Mint had reported in April that Amazon's Prime membership programme was driving 30% of all orders on its platform.
“One out of three units that are shipped by us are ordered by Prime customers—so, we've reached a point where we see a healthy loyalty that is allowing people to buy more and more. Just the Prime spend between January and May increased 100%—so our loyal base is buying more and we're getting healthy customer inflow. If I look at the sale event in January versus May, it shows they're shopping more,” said Agarwal, who was promoted to senior vice-president earlier this year.
ALSO READ: Amazon said to be in talks to buy BigBasket
He added that 50% of orders shipped on Prime are being driven by buyers in tier-II and tier-III cities.
The latest growth figures from existing Prime users is significant, as it indicates that the volume of spending from existing e-commerce users—a key metric to track the health of the broader online retail market—is growing steadily and showing signs of bouncing back, after the online retail market barely grew in 2016.
Amazon India, which has now completed four years of operations in India, is also working on a new digital payments service, but Agarwal declined to share details on what form the service might finally take. Mint reported on 13 April that Amazon India had already received the RBI approval to launch its own digital wallet service in India.
Amazon India, which had applied for what is called a prepaid payment instrument (PPI) licence nearly a year ago, is soon expected to launch the new digital payments service that will be broader in scope than its Pay Balance service and will not be restricted to Amazon-based transactions.
“All these areas are very early in their life cycle...Our most important priority for our payment investments has been to improve the experience of customers on Amazon. In that sense, this licence allows us to provide a more cashless experience and a more convenient experience to our customers...this will allow us to move customers away from a cash-based or payment on delivery-based segment to a more prepaid digital segment. That's our primary priority. Of course, we'll try different experiments and see what happens,” said Agarwal.
He said that Amazon, which has committed to investing $5 billion to build its India business, will continue to invest heavily in key areas such as infrastructure and technology, as part of a broader strategy to expand the e-commerce market in India and tap the next 100 million users.
Currently, about 75% of Amazon India's new customers come from lower-tier cities, while 65% of its active customers are new users, Agarwal said. Amazon India currently sells more than 100 million products and the company is adding nearly 100,000 products on its marketplace every day, he added.
“If I look at the last four years, almost half of our investments have been in infrastructure, which is a large amount. Infrastructure will continue to be one of our key investment areas,” said Agarwal, who has overseen Amazon's rapid strides in India, which the e-commerce firm sees as arguably its most important international market after it lost out in China to Alibaba.
Amazon entered India in June 2013, years after Flipkart (2007) and another rival Snapdeal (2010) started out, but the American online retailer is running neck and neck with market leader Flipkart.
On 7 April, Mint reported that Amazon India posted an 85% increase in gross sales volume in the three months to March from the year-ago period, growing much faster than the overall market.
Mumbai: In a major setback to the Subrata Roy-owned Sahara Group, the Bombay High Court on Monday put up its prestigious Aamby Valley property in Maharashtra for a public auction.
The Official Liquidator (OL) for the Aamby Valley City in Lonavala has put up a reserve price of Rs 37,392 crore, as part of efforts to partially recover the pending dues to various lenders.
The development came three days after the Supreme Court declined to entertain the Sahara Group`s plea to postpone auction of the prime hill station property nestled in the lush green Western Ghats in Pune district.
Bombay High Court OL Vinod Sharma issued notices in prominent media on Monday for the public auction of "sale/lease" on an "as-is-where-is-whatever-there is` of the Aamby Valley City, around 90 km from here.
In view of the huge quantum of properties to be disposed, the auction would be conducted in two phases spread over two days, the OL said.
The property comprises an integrated hill-city township called Aamby Valley City Development, which was the first of its kind Megalopolis, spread over 6,761.64 acres, land measuring 1,409.87 acres surrounding this project and another 321.66 acres within adjoining Satara district.
Describing the property for the prospective bidders, the OL said it is situated over a verdant expanse, nested amidst the picturesque environs of the great Sahyadri Mountain range.
"The ultra-exclusive chartered city has residential options ranging from the Timber Chalets to fabulously modern and customized villas in distinct architectural styles and several amenities such as gold course, airport, hospital, adventure sports, retail, entertainment, international school and hospitality," the OL`s auction notice said.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Selena Gomez has reportedly completed a two-week treatment programme for depression and anxiety.
The former Disney starlet is said to have sought treatment following a stressful year, according to US reports.
A source told People: “She felt like she needed to get away and focus on herself with no distractions.
“She came back feeling very empowered.”
(Image: Splash News)
They went on: “She wants to go again later this year. She feels and looks great. She's still working on new music and is excited about it.”
People also reports that while her on-off boyfriend Justin Bieber was supportive of her decision, she "did this for herself".
The Blast first reported that the singer - who was spotted attending church with Bieber on Wednesday - completed the two-week programme in New York.
(Image: Getty Images)
It's been a roller coaster year for the star, who underwent a kidney transplant and split with The Weeknd before getting back with Bieber.
She's also thought to have fallen out with her mum Mandy Teefy over her reconcilliaton with her childhood sweetheart, with the pair unfollowing each other on Instagram just before Christmas.
(Image: REUTERS)
The former Disney star also endured a tough 2016, calling time on her world tour to complete a 90-day stint in rehab.
"Everything I cared about, I stopped caring about. I came out, and it felt like, 'OK, I can only go forward,'" she previously said of her time out.
"And there are still days. I go to therapy. I believe in that and talking about where you are. But I'm in a really, really healthy place.”
President-elect Donald Trump watched four F-35s fly over the Army-Navy Game at M&T Bank Stadium in Baltimore, Maryland. Forty-eight hours later, he fired off a tweet that would cost the company that built the F-35 nearly $4 billion.
Trump's tweet called into question the F-35 program saying the “cost is out of control. Billions of dollars can and will be saved on military (and other) purchases after January 20th.”
The Monday morning tweet sent Lockheed Martin's stock tumbling before a late day rally recovered some of the value lost.
Advertisement
The company headquartered in Maryland is the latest target to suffer from one of Trump's morning tweets. The previous week, Trump took aim at the Air Force One program headed by Boeing. Similarly, Boeing's stock suffered the following day and left Boeing executives scrambling to issue statements saying they will respond to changes requested from the Trump administration.
Trump's tweets signal the president-elect has his eye on military spending as a potential target where he can save money, said Michael Hoffman, executive editor for Tandem National Security Innovations. He's certainly not the first to suggest the F-35 program has gone over budget. Countless congressional hearings have been held to criticize the Pentagon's most expensive weapons program in history for a misuse of tax payer's money.
However, Trump's 140-character attack is the highest profile condemnation the the program has received in recent years.
More importantly, Trump's recent critiques make some in the defense industrial world question whether a Trump administration will result in the financial windfall many expected when he was elected.
Defense analysts have said the greater Washington region stands to receive a substantial boost from increased defense spending. With a Republican president saying he wants to build more ships and planes, many expect significant increases to the military budget with a Republican Congress.
However, Trump has used his social media bullhorn to criticize the Pentagon and defense industrial complex for over spending on current weapons programs. Trump has shined a light on defense acquisition programs that don't typically get much national attention.
Defense companies and Republican members of Congress have supported acquisition reform. The Obama administration made it a priority but their efforts have resulted in modest gains.
Trump has announced he will appoint retired Marine Gen. James “Mad Dog” Mattis as his secretary of defense. Mattis is known for his lack of patience for bureaucracy and it will be interesting to see how he tackles spending on big ticket weapons programs.
If Trump wants to build as many ships and planes as he promised on the campaign trail, he will need the help of Boeing and Lockheed Martin. If the president-elect matches his words with contracts, those two defense titans will be happy to oblige.
Uniqlo, the Japanese fast fashion brand, is paying $300 million over 10 years to replace Nike as Roger Federer's kit sponsor. Photo: AFP
At first glance, it seems like something of a mismatch. Uniqlo, the Japanese fast fashion brand, is paying $300 million over 10 years to replace Nike Inc. as the kit sponsor for Roger Federer.
The Swiss might be the greatest male tennis player ever, but at 36 his best years are behind him. From a commercial perspective, he seems to have aced it. And Uniqlo looks like it's paying an awful lot for a sportsman who isn't too far off from retirement.
A less cursory look tells a different story. Uniqlo parent Fast Retailing Co. Ltd. is enduring slowing growth in its home Japanese market, which accounts for more than half of all revenue. It's therefore accelerating a push into both international markets, which it wants to overtake Japanese sales this year, and e-commerce.
The problem for the $18 billion-revenue company is that, as much as it wants to present itself as a big-data whiz kid, the price it charges for its products rules out a fully digital response.
It can cost about $25 to acquire a new customer with a digital advertisement push or paid search results. For the likes of Hugo Boss AG, whose cheapest t-shirts can still cost $40, that cost is relatively easier to stomach. For Uniqlo, whose t-shirts sell for as little as $6, it's harder to make the economics of a digital campaign add up.
Of course, Fast Retailing will still use digital ads, but it will get the most bang for its marketing buck when it can get customers specifically to seek out Uniqlo, not just a generic white t-shirt in an internet search. Instead, as it tries to expand in North America and Europe, Uniqlo needs to build brand awareness and a desire to visit its stores or website. That's where Federer comes in. Even in the twilight of his career, ESPN ranks him as the world's fourth most famous sports star.
Also read: Uniqlo to open first store in Delhi in 2019
His deal pales in comparison to some others for athletes at the top of their games. Cristiano Ronaldo and LeBron James have both signed so-called “lifetime” deals with Nike. The LeBron deal was conservatively estimated to be worth $500 million, with others placing it as high as $1 billion. Ronaldo's is believed to be similar. Nike sells pricey football- and basketball-specific gear which can generate more value than a tennis shirt. Ex-basketball player Michael Jordan's eponymous sneaker line, admittedly the pinnacle of such efforts, drove $3.1 billion in sales for Nike last year.
As a slice of Fast Retailing's 808 billion-yen ($4.9 billion) international sales last year, $30 million for Federer is insignificant. Uniqlo doesn't at present make tennis shoes or rackets, helping explain Federer's lower price.
And a retirement inside the next five years ought not to be a major concern: sprinter Usain Bolt still sits at number 7 in ESPN's fame rankings a year after he retired.
You might wonder why a lower-end mass market retailer would go for a tennis star, given the lower rates of viewership compared to football. But it's actually a good fit. Tennis fans spend more money than football followers, and as a group have a more equal gender balance than football followers. And he's more likely to attract buyers of the smart-casualwear that Uniqlo stocks, whereas LeBron and Ronaldo don't match up here so well—though they're a great fit for attracting buyers to Nike's urbanwear.
It really is a case of love-all for these mixed doubles.
The rapid growth in streaming music services has led to a recovery in fortunes of the global recorded music industry. Photo: Reuters
London: Online streaming services such as Spotify and Apple Music have become the music industry's single biggest revenue source, overtaking physical sales and digital downloads for the first time, a global industry body said on Tuesday.
The rapid growth in streaming music services has led to a recovery in fortunes of the global recorded music industry, which enjoyed its third year of positive revenue growth, according to a report by industry trade group IFPI. By 2014, music sales had fallen by 40% to $14.3 billion in the 15 years since 1999, when the rise of music file-sharing service Napster ravaged sales of CDs and the development of download services like Apple iTunes failed to offset declines.
Last year, subscription-based streaming revenue accounted for 38% of all recorded music, up from 29% the year before, IFPI said.
IFPI's Global Music Report 2018 shows revenues for 2017 at $17.3 billion, with an increase of 8.1% from the previous year.
Industry leaders say the rise of music streaming is enabling the market to reach new regions, while helping weaning a generation of music fans away from free or pirated music. “We estimate only half the world's population lives in a thriving music environment and we want to bring the streaming revolution to all of it,” Stu Bergen, from Warner Music Group, said. Reuters
HARTFORD, Conn. (WTNH) — Members of the Coalition for a Safe and Healthy Connecticut, as well as staff from State's Departments of Consumer Protection, Public Health, and Energy and Environmental Protection, held a press event on Wednesday to announce the launch of a new initiative by the agencies to identify and list chemicals often found in consumer products that pose a risk to children.
The Department of Consumer Protection will have a dedicated website where consumers can find valuable information on the health impacts of chemicals, the criteria for listing chemicals and helpful information to assist in purchasing decisions.
“This announcement is an exciting milestone for all Connecticut residents” stated Anne Hulick, RN, MS, JD, Coalition Coordinator. There is an overwhelming body of research linking exposure to chemicals of concern from products from
products commonly used for children to very serious health issues including cancers, reproductive disorders and learning and behavioral disorders.”
“As a mother of two young children and a nurse, I've always been deeply concerned about research linking toxic chemicals to serious diseases, particularly for developing babies and young children. The recent consensus statement for the
TENDR project stated that the prevalence of neurobehavioral disorders in children is rising at an alarming rate and chemicals found in our homes and in the environment, and likely contributors” said Hacah Boros, RN, MSN Environmental
Coordinator, CT Nurses' Association.
Louis Burch, a spokesperson for Citizens Campaign for the Environment also said “The public has a right to know when there are toxic chemicals in the products we purchase for our families. Now, thanks to this forward-thinking program,
Connecticut residents can make educated decisions about the goods we buy. This creates accountability in manufacturing and helps avoid household exposures to dangerous chemicals in the home environment. It's a big step in the right
direction for consumer protection, and we call on other states to follow Connecticut's lead.”
THE DOCUMENTARY "Bobby Kennedy for President" WHEN | WHERE Starts streaming Friday on Netflix.
WHAT IT'S ABOUT This four-hour film by Dawn Porter (“Gideon's Army”) tracks Robert F. Kennedy's career as U.S. attorney general through to his run for president, which began March 16, 1968, and ended nearly three months later, when he was assassinated at the Ambassador Hotel in Los Angeles by Sirhan Sirhan. Along with the footage — some never seen before — this includes interviews with a handful of key RFK allies, including William vanden Heuvel, Rep. John Lewis, Marian Wright Edelman, Peter Edelman and Dolores Huerta, co-founder of the National Farmworkers Association. Sirhan's younger brother, Munir, is also interviewed.
MY SAY Porter and executive producer Laura Michalchyshyn have clearly collected a mountain of archival footage, much of which has been pared down to a hill. Cameras tended to follow the Kennedys everywhere, so mountains may not have been necessarily hard to come by. The real trick is that hill and "Bobby Kennedy for President" appears to have its scale just about right.
Those eighty-three days in 1968 were tumultuous, as well as the years leading up to them, so the visual affect of “Bobby Kennedy for President” is one of near ceaseless action, culminating in the third hour where chaos takes over. Always in the tumult, or beyond it, there's a glimpse of Bobby's shoulders, his hair, those eyes — “the saddest face I'd ever seen in my life,” recalled William Arnone, a campaign aide.
As the years go by, the jostling picture slowly morphs from black-and-white to color, but Kennedy remains the focus. There's an aloneness to this figure in the surging crowd, and only one moment where he seems genuinely happy, when meeting up with brother Teddy, on a street in Washington. They both laugh, sharing a bond only these two brothers could possibly have. His smile is dazzling in this instance. Usually it's just a rictus.
“Bobby Kennedy for President” aims for immersion and, for the most part, the aim is true. But something is still missing, and ultimately someone, too: To an extent, that would be Kennedy himself. All the pictures in the world can't glimpse into his heart, nor all the admirers — and a small crowd of them are relied upon here. That aloneness still remains after all these years.
For some reason, Porter declined to interview family member, which feels like an intentional oversight, but a regrettable one from a viewer standpoint. Kennedy was a devoted father and husband, by most accounts, including those here. In 2012, daughter Rory Kennedy produced an excellent film for HBO on her mother, Ethel, who had plenty to say about these years – all of it informative. There are merely glimpses of Ethel in “President,” but nothing remotely substantive.
RFK largely disappears by the fourth hour, which is consumed with longtime aide and friend Paul Schrade's attempt to find out exactly what happened on that tragic June night so long ago. Schrade, now 91, stops short of using the word "conspiracy," but it's clear he believes there was a cover-up of some sort. He does seem to find peace, however, when Juan Romero turns up at his door. Now an old man himself, Romero was the busboy who cradled the dying senator at the Ambassador just after midnight on June 6, 1968. His voice hoarse, his eyes tearing, he says, “Bobby gave me hope.” It's the single best tribute of the program.
Subscribe to the Entertainment newsletter By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
BOTTOM LINE Exhaustive, admiring, comprehensive and richly documented, “Bobby Kennedy for President” nevertheless doesn't feel especially revelatory.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A blundering lorry driver is alleged to have damaged a 300-year-old house after getting his vehicle wedged in a narrow lane.
Locals in Bruton, Somerset, were steaming after the John Lewis delivery driver blocked St Catherines Hill.
They alleged he ignored signs handmade by residents to stop their town grinding to a halt when something like this happens.
James Hood, a local town councillor said: "The lorry has taken a corner off one of the nearby buildings and brought a lot of rubble down with it too.
"There are plans between the town and county council to put bollards in the road to deter HGV drivers.
(Photo: APEX)
(Photo: APEX)
Bruton is no stranger to such incidents.
Last October a lorry driver, following a direction from his satellite navigation system, caused the 24-hour closure of Bruton high street after his vehicle became wedged in a narrow street.
After several attempts to release the lorry it was eventually freed, damaging a 300-year-old house in the process.
Galway face Cork this Saturday in the All-Ireland Senior Camogie Semi-Final at the Gaelic Grounds in Limerick.
The Galway captain is Heather Cooney. She has been speaking to Darren Kelly
Finally, the Star Wars Battlefront game is coming back for the second time, will it be up to the standard, well going on the video above, sure it will. This video has it all and it follows in the footsteps of a top stormtrooper called Iden. There are familiar characters in there too, so watch out for your favourite, it was good to see a glimpse of Luke Skywalker in there. Star Wars Battlefront II from EA will be available for the PlayStation 4, Xbox One, and PC from November 17th this year.
Watch the full length reveal trailer for Star Wars™ Battlefront™ II from Star Wars Celebration. Live the untold Star Wars story of Iden, an elite Stormtrooper, in an original single-player story. Battle on land and in space in an expanded multiplayer experience with iconic heroes and villains, thrilling space battles, and a deep progression and customization system.
#StarWars #Battlefront #StarWarsBattlefront #Iden #Stormtrooper
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Emmanuel Macron has said he wants US and France to commit to finding a deal on Iran nuclear agreement.
The French President said he had very frank discussions with Donald Trump on the Iran nuclear agreement and believes the two countries should begin work to forge a new accord to address concerns about Tehran.
Macron told a news conference that four issues needed to be addressed: including blocking any Iranian nuclear activity until 2025, putting an end to Iranian ballistic missile activity and finding a political solution to contain Iran in the region.
"This is the only way to bring about stability," Macron told a news conference with Trump.
It comes after Trump railed against the Iran nuclear deal calling it "insane" and ridiculous" while Macron, who had been hoping to salvage the international agreement, looked on.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Macron's remarks in the press conference suggest that the US President has won out with talk of a new deal rather than reinvigorating the agreement negotiated by the Obama administration.
At the conference Donald Trump also said he wanted to withdraw American troops from Syria "relatively soon" but not before their mission is completed, adding that negotiations over the crisis there should be part of a larger deal regarding Iran.
"We want to come home. We'll be coming home. But we want to leave a strong and lasting footprint, and that was a very big part of our discussion."
© Simon O'Connor/Stuff
It's known as a smile in the sky, and somebody up there must be happy because there were two grinning down on New Plymouth during Saturday afternoon.The upside down rainbows - captured here above the Wind Wand by photographer Simon O'Connor - are officially known as circumzenithal arcs, or Bravais arcs.They are formed by sunlight refracting off ice crystals in the air high above, rather than light hitting raindrops, which is what causes an ordinary rainbow.Still, after the stormy weather that hit New Plymouth this week, complete with a 3.8 metre king tide at the lee breakwater and residents evacuated from homes near the sea at Waitara, hopefully this smile above is a happy sign of warm days to come.
Nanoscale-level imaging of living cells has become a reality in the past few years using transmission electron microscopy and sealed sample holders that keep cells alive in a liquid environment. But do the high-resolution images obtained using these tools truly reflect the structures and functions of cells, or do they show cells damaged by the high-intensity electron beam used in transmission electron microscopy?
"We really have had no way of knowing if what we see in images obtained through liquid cell transmission electron microscopy show the natural state of cells, or if the morphological changes we see are actually the result of radiation damage," said Tolou Shokuhfar, associate professor of bioengineering at the University of Illinois at Chicago College of Engineering.
Shokuhfar and colleagues describe a device that works with most transmission electron microscopes that would significantly reduce the exposure of live samples to the electron beam used in transmission electron microscopy. They report their results in the journal Science Advances.
Transmission electron microscopy produces incredibly detailed images of cells that can show structures as small as one or two nanometers across. But for a long time, samples used in transmission electron microscopy had to be dead or frozen because the sample chamber of a transmission electron microscope is a vacuum.
The new field of liquid cell transmission electron microscopy emerged in recent years enabling scientists to study biological, chemical and materials science samples in their near-native environments. This is achieved by placing the sample in liquid inside a tiny sealed chamber that protects it from the high vacuum environment to allow dynamic imaging.
However, currently-available devices that hold samples only allow for a single chamber to be placed under the microscope at a time. "Because you place just one sample at a time under the microscope, you need to perform your pre-imaging focus and setting adjustment on that one sample," said Trevor Moser, a graduate student at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory in Richland, Washington and a co-author on the paper. "By the time you are ready to take pictures, the sample has already been exposed to significant amounts of radiation, so you just never know if the pictures you get show the unaltered cell, or if what you see on the pictures is because of damage from the electron beam," continued Moser, who has previously worked in Shokuhfar's lab.
The research team solved this problem by developing a device with 25 transparent windows rather than the single window sample holders currently provide. With more windows, the researchers expose samples to less radiation by getting closer to the settings and focus they need using one of the windows and then switching to another window where cells haven't yet been exposed to the radiation from the microscope's electron beam. Researchers still need to focus on samples in the 'fresh' window, but they don't have as many adjustments to make, significantly limiting total exposure to the electron beam before images are taken.
Next, the researchers proved that their device could prevent alteration of samples caused by overexposure to electron radiation. They imaged a bacterium called Cupriavidus metallidurans, a small single-celled organism that produces solid gold nanoparticles from aqueous gold tetrachloride, a potent heavy metal toxin to most organisms.
First, they imaged the bacteria by exposing it to increasing levels of radiation over the course of focusing and adjusting their settings before taking pictures. Then, they imaged a second batch of bacteria using their novel 25-window device. The images they produced showed significant differences.
"The images of cells exposed to higher levels of radiation were clearly different from cells imaged with no previous radiation exposure," said James Evans, a senior scientist at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory and a co-author on the paper. "This proves that damage caused by being in the electron beam too long can cause artifacts that can yield false information. We saw much more pristine, undamaged cells using our multi-chamber device."
Shokuhfar, a corresponding author on the paper, said the new device will also enable higher-fidelity imaging of nanoparticles using transmission electron microscopy. "Nanoparticles are also susceptible to damage from radiation, so this device will let us observe more accurately, how nanoparticles grow and change under different conditions, which has application in areas of new materials, nanoparticle interactions and medicine," she said.
###
Hardeep Mehta and Ryan Kelly, from the Environmental Molecular Sciences Laboratory; and Chiwoo Park of Florida State University, are also co-authors on the paper.
This work was supported by the Department of Energy's Office of Biological and Environmental Research Molecules to Mesoscale Bioimaging (project no. 66382) and was performed using Environmental Molecular Sciences Laboratory. Shokuhfar was supported by the National Science Foundation (CAREER Award DMR-1564950).
Almost got sad…
Honestly! How could you leave me? . Honestly! How could you leave me? .
by John Curnow today at 4:24 amMatt Allen and the crew of Ichi Ban got the IRC win with the TP, which may go some way to helping get over the delays with the Nomex out of Germany for the new boat. She won't be ready for Hammo, so expect the blue screamer to be the weapon of choice. With the ocean stick in her, they'll be hoping for a blow, perhaps something like a few years ago, and nothing like a few weeks ago, of course!
And so there was the segue into that most glorious time of year, Boat Watching Season. They are ready and very keen to see us, ocean and land mammals alike, so don't change your plans if you booked already, and do book if you have not done so by now… you know you want to, and they are doing all they can to be ready and offer you all the joy and wonder of the season.
Closer in on the calendar, and for some the geographic measure as well, are the Beneteau Cup on Pittwater on May 13, and then the premier OD class in the land, the Etchells take to Mooloolaba from 8-11 June. Both are ready to deliver the usual great times on and off the water for their respective audiences, and the latter is working hard to keep on raising the bar (of awesomeness) for they do not want to make it harder for you to get a drink. (Argh. Argh. Argh!)
So if we have zoomed in, then maybe it is an opportune time to zoom out and perhaps pan around a little. Many were disappointed to see sailing removed from the Paralympic roster for Tokyo. We certainly had a lot to complain about, given the sterling efforts of our team at Rio, but it was ISAF (as it was then known) that was well and truly caught asleep.
The signs were there, and in the end, when you do not attract enough countries to the sport, what did you think was going to happen? It was almost as if it there were just enough for a parley around a table, so it is utterly heart warming to see that many are working on seeing sailing return in the future. Let us hope it does come to pass, and that the strategy provides for less fortunate countries to participate and offer sailors of all abilities the chance to be on the world's stage. Now more than ever it would seem some joy on the TV is a brilliant thing to have going on…
So with the inclusion flag being waved so vigorously, I guess it was no surprise that the matter of the Coady family returned to the news. It was divisive at the time, and has been a complete barrage of Molotov cocktails ever since. The latest used vodka bottle to be lobbed in is available here. Back in the day we wrote enough about it, and also pointed out that the 470 may indeed go Open again sooner rather than later, to join the Nacra. Time will tell on that one…
However, brilliant Irish sailor, Damian Foxall, summed up the latest thinking for many in his terrific piece on Scuttlebutt, and we were not the only ones to think so. The world is now a VERY different place to 1980, but Foxall could well have nailed it with these remarks, “Maybe ALL male only events should be OPEN as in 1980, or are the guys too afraid to be beaten by a girl?” Then also, “To highlight a positive example, the creation of the mixed class Nacra 17 class in the last Olympics seems to have been a success, as showcased in such an amazing way by the Santiago Lange and Cecilia Carranza Saroli (ARG) winning gold after a heart-stopping Medal Race.”
The subsequent thread contains many wonderful comments on the nature of it all, from history to future, participation to glory, and of course, a healthy dose of why the hell not? Yes, it is all so very thin presently at the elite level, but as you go down, participation and results improve dramatically. Perhaps after Tokyo the classes will be rationalised and no doubt head towards even more athleticism, but of course that does not automatically preclude participation by anyone who can make the standard. You can make your own mind up, and yes Robbie, you do have my number…
Finally, we lost John Clarke. Now that IS sad!!! To be able to deliver your lines with no costume, make up or wigs, take us into your world, and give us such merriment is a skill par excellence. Well done you! We have one nautical themed session for you to watch.
Now if you would like to receive the Sail-World newsletter each week, then please go to the 'Newsletter' button at the top of the Sail-World home page and enter your details. Simples...
If you want to link to this article then please use this URL: www.sail-world.com/153098
Vladimir Putin made the announcement during a surprise visit to Russia's Hmeymim air base in Syria. Photo: AP
Moscow: President Vladimir Putin ordered “a significant part” of Russia's military contingent in Syria to start withdrawing on Monday, saying Moscow and Damascus had achieved their mission of destroying the Islamic State (IS) in just over two years.
Putin, who polls show will be re-elected comfortably in March, made the announcement during a surprise visit to Russia's Hmeymim air base in Syria, where he held talks with President Bashar al-Assad and addressed Russian forces.
The Kremlin first launched airstrikes in Syria in September 2015 in its biggest West Asia intervention in decades, turning the tide of the conflict in Assad's favour, while dramatically increasing Moscow's own influence in the region.
Syrian state television quoted Assad as thanking Putin for Russia's help, saying the blood of Moscow's “martyrs” had been mixed with the blood of the Syrian army.
Russia's campaign, which has been extensively covered on state TV, has not caught the imagination of most Russians. But nor has it stirred unease of the kind the Soviet Union faced with its calamitous intervention in Afghanistan in the 1980s.
The use of private military contractors, something which has been documented by Reuters but denied by the defence ministry, has allowed Moscow to keep the public casualty toll fairly low.
Russia's “mission completed” moment in Syria may help Putin increase the turnout at the March presidential election by appealing to the patriotism of voters.
Though polls show he will easily win, they also show that some Russians are increasingly apathetic about politics, and Putin's supporters are keen to get him re-elected on a big turnout, which in their eyes confers legitimacy.
“The motherland awaits”
Putin, who has dominated Russia's political landscape for the last 17 years with the help of state television, told Russian servicemen they would return home as victors.
“The task of fighting armed bandits here in Syria, a task that it was essential to solve with the help of extensive use of armed force, has for the most part been solved, and solved spectacularly,” said Putin.
Wearing a dark suit and speaking in front of a row of servicemen holding Russian flags, Putin said his military had proved its might, that Moscow had succeeded in keeping Syria intact as a “sovereign independent state” and that the conditions had been created for a political solution.
Putin is keen to organize a special event in Russia—the “Syrian congress on national dialogue”—that Moscow hopes will bring together the Syrian government and opposition and try to hammer out a new constitution.
“I congratulate you!” Putin told the servicemen.
“A significant part of the Russian military contingent in the Syrian Arab Republic is returning home, to Russia. The motherland is waiting for you.”
Putin made it clear, however, that while Russia might be drawing down much of its forces, its military presence in Syria was a permanent one and that it would retain enough firepower to destroy any IS comeback.
Russia will keep its Hmeymim air base in Syria's Latakia province and its naval facility in the Syrian Mediterranean port of Tartous “on a permanent basis”, said Putin.
Both bases are protected by sophisticated air defence missile systems.
Separately, Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said Putin and Turkish counterpart Tayyip Erdoğan would discuss a possible political resolution to Syria's more than six-year-old war when they meet later on Monday in Ankara, as well as preparations for the work of the Syrian congress on national dialogue. Reuters
Why Do We Talk In Our Sleep?
American shot in Istanbul could have been saved b
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This video selfie shows the Istanbul nightclub shooting suspect SMIRKING before 39 people were killed on New Year's Day.
The suspect stares into the lens as he films himself in the popular meeting area Taksim Square before an ISIS-inspired killer massacred dozens.
The man is pictured wearing a black hooded jacket as he films himself, making it clear exactly where he is.
The footage was released the day after Islamic State claimed responsibility for the attack at the popular Reina club, when a man with an AK-47 fired at least 180 bullets at the crowd.
Istanbul police tonight carried out an operation at a home in the city's Zeytinburnu neighbourhood tonight, according to Haber Turk news channel, but no one was arrested.
Special operations officers and a police helicopter were launched after authorities received a tip-off today, but the manhunt for the killer continues.
(Photo: AFP)
At least 12 people have been arrested in relation to the incident.
Initial police reports suggest the killer may be aged 25 and come from Uzbekistan or Kyrgyzstan.
For the latest updates read our live blog here : Turkey 'terror' attack: Live updates as gunfire reported in Istanbul nightclub on New Year's Eve 'injuring 50'
Officers are also investigating the possibility that the attacker may be from Xinjiang in eastern China.
CCTV footage believed to show the gunman handing over identification documents at a bureau, has also been revealed.
(Photo: REUTERS)
The suspect, dressed in a black jacket with a red hood over a black top, is shown handing over documents before entering the country at an unidentified date and location.
According to specialists who examined CCTV footage of the IS militant rampaging into the nightclub, he looks professionally trained on how to use the weapon and could have injured his foot.
Anti-terror expert Abdullah Ağar said: “The attacker is determined, faithful, practical, coldblooded, expert and knows how to get results.
“He probably fired these bullets before in real clash zones. He had no hesitation in shooting at innocent people. He is absolutely a killer and he most probably shot at humans before.”
(Photo: AFP)
Police claim to know the identity of the attacker, but are refusing to release it to protect their investigation.
A woman spoke today about how she was forced to watch her friend murdered during the horror attack on January 1.
(Photo: Instagram/volnovanatasha)
Natasha Volnova thought fireworks were going off when the killer burst into Reina nightclub with an AK-47 and shot at New Year's Eve revellers.
The 22-year-old dived under a table as the murder sprayed almost 200 bullets around the packed venue.
Speaking to Mirror Online today, she said: "We all thought it was fireworks, then I saw people fall down."
(Photo: Facebook)
Miss Volnova desperately tried to hide as she saw the gunman running into the club and begin shooting.
She said: "I saw only his back, on his head was a black cap."
Her friend was tragically killed in the attack.
On Friday afternoon three historic figures to the University of Providence were honored at this year's Argo Hall of Fame ceremony.
The Class of 2017 included Dr. Gene McAllister, a school administrator from 2003-20-15, Malta native Michael French, a three-time All-American wrestler, and Rob Spear who was twice the team captain of the men's basketball team.
A number of family and friends, coaches, assistants, teammates, and members of the current Argo administration were all there to share stories and provide insight into what each hall of fame inductee meant to the school.
Rob Spear was an All-Frontier Conference player from 1978-1979, and the team's MVP during those years as well.
"I'm very honored to be a part of this. It brought back a lot of memories," Spear said. "I haven't been back here in a long time so to be able to walk the halls and reminisce was cool."
Michael French was the 2011 NAIA runner-up at the national tournament, a two year captain, and served for three years as an assistant coach at what was then University of Great Falls.
"To be able to compete here in my home state for so long and to come back and still witness them competing and see the good things that they're doing is special," he said.
Dr. McAllister was at the forefront of increasing enrollment at the school. As an administrator he grew the number of athletic programs from three to 17.
He also increased enrollment to 1,100 students.
"We put our hearts into this university. And to know it's in good hands and to know it's going to get better and better is so heartening."
© Toby Melville / Reuters
Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair was funded by a wealthy Arab state while serving as Middle East peace envoy, leaked emails seen by the Sunday Telegraph reveal.Blair's official role in the Quartet, a group comprising the US, EU, Russia, and the United Nations (UN) seeking to find a peaceful solution to the conflict between Israel and the Palestinians, was funded by the United Arab Emirates (UAE).A spokeswoman for Blair dismissed the claims, insisting he "never used his Quartet role to pursue business interests" and "did no commercial work connected with the Israeli/Palestinian issue."Blair took on the peace envoy role shortly after leaving office in June 2007. He was tasked with helping to develop the Palestinian economy and improve governance, but allegations suggest he was too close to the Israelis.He resigned in 2015 after eight years in service."You [the Palestinians] cannot seriously build an economy under occupation but he never once rattled the cage and dared to speak out," Chris Doyle of the Council for Arab-British Understanding said at the time of Blair's resignation.Doyle added that Blair had failed in his duty as a peace envoy because of the extensive business interests he had in the region."The vital thing is that the new envoy is given a much meatier mandate because the major issue is still impasse between Israel and the Palestinians."Blair suffered from a perceived conflict of interests with his considerable array of business contacts, with governments and organizations and companies in the Middle East."That also limited his time and availability for this critical issue. This is a full-time not a part-time role."
File photo. US Congress last year approved a sale of as many as 72 F-15 jets in an agreement valued at as much as $21 billion, providing authorization for the deal completed on Wednesday. Photo: Reuters
Washington: Qatar will sign a deal to buy as many as 36 F-15 jets from the US as the two countries navigate tensions over President Donald Trump's backing for a Saudi-led coalition's move to isolate the country for supporting terrorism.
Qatari defence minister Khalid Al-Attiyah and his US counterpart, Jim Mattis, completed the $12 billion agreement on Wednesday in Washington, according to the Pentagon.
The sale “will give Qatar a state of the art capability and increase security cooperation and interoperability between the United States and Qatar,” the defence department said in a statement.
Congress last year approved a sale of as many as 72 F-15s in an agreement valued at as much as $21 billion, providing authorization for the deal completed Wednesday. But that was before Qatar's neighbours, including Saudi Arabia and United Arab Emirates, severed diplomatic, trade and transport links last week in a move they said was aimed at isolating the country for its support of terrorist groups and Iran.
The F-15 sale highlights the complex position the Trump administration finds itself in, forced to balance its focus on fighting terrorism against regional rivalries between key allies. Qatar hosts the regional headquarters for US Central Command, which includes a state-of-the-art air base the US depends on to target Islamic State.
Decision ‘confusing'
“It is confusing, and the worst thing you want to do in a heated, delicate situation like this is to give mixed messages,” Paul Sullivan, a Middle East specialist at Georgetown University in Washington, said of the Pentagon announcement.
Qatar's defence ministry said the deal would create 60,000 jobs in 42 US states while reducing the burden on US forces. The F-15 accord will lead to “closer strategic collaboration in our fight to counter violent extremism and promote peace and stability in our region and beyond,” the ministry said Wednesday in a statement.
After the Gulf countries moved against Qatar, secretary of state Rex Tillerson initially declined to take sides in the crisis, but his cautious stance was overshadowed almost immediately by Trump, who sent a series of tweets that appeared to take credit for and praise the decision.
The US position was further muddied last Friday, when Tillerson called on Saudi Arabia to ease the blockade, only to have Trump, at a White House news conference hours later, say the move had been the right one.
“The nation of Qatar, unfortunately, has historically been a funder of terrorism at a very high level,” Trump said in a speech at the White House last week. “We ask Qatar, and other nations in the region to do more and do it faster.
Tillerson has since sought to mediate the dispute from Washington, meeting with Saudi Arabia's foreign minister on Monday. He was scheduled to meet the foreign minister of the UAE—another member of the Saudi coalition—for dinner Wednesday night.
“I would characterize the mood and the approach to that as being one that is hopeful, that believes that the worst is behind us,” State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said Tuesday.
US presence
While Trump appeared to back Saudi Arabia and Tillerson took a more neutral tone, the defence department underscored its relations with Qatar, saying the US was grateful to the country for its support of the US presence there.
“We encourage all our partners in the region to work towards common solutions that enable regional security,” Lieutenant Colonel Damien Pickart, a spokesman for US Air Forces Central Command, said in a statement when the crisis began.
Last year, after the State Department approved the jet sale, the Defence Security Cooperation Agency issued a report saying that the proposed sale “enhances the foreign policy and national security of the United State by helping to improve the security of a friendly country and strengthening our strategically important relationship.”
“Qatar is an important force for political stability and economic progress in the Persian Gulf region,” the agency said. Bloomberg
TaoTronics TT-DL13 LED Table Lamp features an incredibly adjustable stand which allows you to position the light exactly as needed for working at your desk, playing a Switch on the couch, or reading a book before bed. The lamp is constructed of a premium alloy casing with anodized aluminum better heat dissipation and a longer life. The design is modern and will work well in most rooms of your home.
The stand rotates 90 degress at the base, this allows the base to point striaght while having the power cable run down the back of the table, but allow the lamp to rotate to point the light in the right direction. In terms of the dual-hinge, then opening allows you to control how much ambient light is emitted. This can slant back up to 150 degrees and the top section rotates another 135 degrees. If this isn't enough, the lamp LED surface itself can also rotate 45 degrees in either direction.
The sheer number of configurations this lamp can be positioned in is simply astonishing and that's a result of very careful design that understand users have complex environments. It may be that you want to bend the light around other objects on your table, or to setup the right angle to bounce light in just the right way, but ultimately, you're in control here.
5 different colour modes range from the Cool white to a Warm glow. While I loved the crispness of the white light, I found as the night rolled on, my eyes loved the warmer tones.
Our review unit came in white, but the same lamp is also available in black, so depending on your decor you can choose what suits. Either go for the white on white desk to blend in, or the black lamp on white desk to contrast the two surfaces. Given other devices like keyboards, mice, microphone and monitor stands are also typically black, I think the black would be my pick of the two.
THE HAGUE, Netherlands (AP) — The tough final climb up the Cauberg hill has been cut from this year's Amstel Gold Race cycling classic, with organizers saying the move should create a more open race.
Climbing specialists often wait until the short but steep Cauberg shortly before the finish line to make their move in the race that passes through the rolling hills of Limburg province.
Race director Leo van Vliet says he now hopes “to create a more open race, which leads to more potential winners and the attacking riders will have more chance.”
Fans of Dutch climbs will still get the chance to see riders going up the Cauberg – the racers have to climb it three times during the April 16 event.
A former mayoress of Kenilworth celebrated her 100th birthday last week.
Barbara Watts, the widow of former town councillor and mayor Joseph Watts, was visited by current deputy mayor Cllr Mike Hitchins and by St Nicholas School pupils at a party held at Kenilworth Grange care home on Friday December 8.
Pupils from St Nicholas Primary School with Barbara
Born on December 8, 1917, Barbara was born and raised in Coventry. Growing up, Barbara was a keen Coventry City fan and would often go to games as she lived near the club's old Highfield Road stadium.
She sometimes made money from the games - Barbara would offer to look after fans' bikes while they watched the match in exchange for a fee.
Barbara was also a talented dressmaker and used to make all her own clothes.
After meeting Joseph, the pair got married and moved to Kenilworth. They had one son, John, who now lives in Australia. Barbara helped out at Joseph and John's DIY shops in Kenilworth.
Barbara and Joseph (right) meeting the Queen and Prince Philip at Kenilworth Railway Station in 1963
Joseph was elected to what was then known as Kenilworth Urban District Council as an independent councillor in 1955, and was made mayor in 1963.
The highlight of this was Barbara and Joseph meeting the Queen and Prince Philip at Kenilworth Station in 1963 as part of a royal visit.
Barbara still remembers this moment fondly and has a photo of the occasion.
She was delighted to receive a telegram from the Queen upon turning 100.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
For the Tories to abolish A&E waiting time targets that are regularly missed is crass ­dishonesty on a dangerous scale.
The dilution, sidelining and abolition of National Health Service goals is the political equivalent of chopping down the mast in the hope nobody spots the white flag.
Because the Tories are surrendering in the battle to improve the NHS.
Instead they starve hospitals and doctors of precious funds while privatising chunks of the service to line the pockets of fatcats.
A&E units, at times, resemble war zones due to chronic underfunding and staff shortages – years of Tory neglect coming home to roost.
Axing targets does not improve care but the Tories know its harder to pin on them when they are going so badly wrong.
Fiddling figures is an old Conservative trick, Margaret Thatcher doing it to unemployment statistics and now Theresa May with the NHS.
Patients know the truth. Tories are fools to try and pull the wool over people's eyes.
Here is the list of delays and cancellations for January 2, 2017:
Energy Northwest: Closed for the day for all non-essential employees (this includes all training). Only essential Energy Northwest employees should report at their normally-scheduled shift time.
Hanford Operations: Closed. Only essential employees needed to maintain minimum safe operations are to report to work at the usual time.
Schools:
Morrow County (Oregon): 2-hour delay. This includes all schools in Boardman, Heppner and Irrigon.
North Franklin School District: 2-hour delay, No AM preschool
​Coconut Alcohol Market: Overview
The coconut tree, also known as tree of life, is a perennial food supplier, as the tree provides fruit throughout the year. The coconut fruit is edible at any stage of its development. It provides not only solid food but also a large amount of safe and healthy water. The fruit is the source of several products such as coconut milk/cream, desiccated coconut, coconut chips, nata de coco, coconut oil, and copra. Apart from these, the unopened inflorescence of coconut can produce coconut sap or toddy, which can be processed into high-value and nutritious food products. Coconut sap (toddy) is sweet exudate from the tapped unopened spathe or inflorescence of coconut. It is one of the highly used food products of coconut. It is marketed as an alcoholic drink (4%–6% alcohol) too. Fermented beverages exclusively produced from coconut water and a blend of black grape juice with coconut water exhibit characters of wine. They can be classified under wine beverages and termed as coconut water wine and blend of grape juice and coconut water wine. Wines from both the sources (exclusively produced from coconut water and a blend of black grape juice with coconut water) are suitable for human consumption. Vinegar obtained from both these fermented beverages can be effectively used in different food and industrial applications.
Get Research Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/coconut-alcohol-market.html
Coconut Alcohol Market: Dynamics and Trends
Production of alcoholic beverage exclusively with coconut water is carried out after collection and filtration of coconut water. Using hand refractometer, sugar concentration is determined as brix Total Soluble Sugars (TSS %). The final sugar concentration is adjusted to 15 brix by using sucrose. Then, the coconut water is subjected to pasteurization.
Coconut water fermented (withLactobacillus sp.) products are readily available in the market, but they are non-alcoholic. On the other hand, coconut water fermented alcoholic beverages are produced purely with the help of yeast. They are at a nascent stage of commercialization. Ethanol content is one of the major parameters for classifying the fermented coconut alcoholic beverages into different types. The coconut taken for fermentation and having 15% of sugar produces ethanol content close to 8%.
Coconut Alcohol Market: Segmentation
The coconut alcohol market can be segmented by type (beer, wine, vinegar, traditional toddy, and others) and by region (North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and Middle East & Africa).
Coconut Alcohol Market: Region-wise Outlook
Asia Pacific and Latin America are the leading markets for coconut alcohol. Government targets, policy support incentives such as feed-in tariffs, tenders and competitive bidding for coconut farming in the coastal areas in the two regions are factors likely to drive the coconut alcohol market in APAC and Latin America in the next few years.
Get PDF Brochure for more Professional & Technical industry insights: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=20387
Coconut Alcohol Market: Key Players
Key players operating in the global coconut alcohol market include Hunter Distilleries, Island Distillers, St. Lucis Distillers Group of Companies, and Demirara Distilleries Ltd.
About us:
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a U.S.-based provider of syndicated research, customized research, and consulting services. TMR's global and regional market intelligence coverage includes industries such as pharmaceutical, chemicals and materials, technology and media, food and beverages, and consumer goods, among others. Each TMR research report provides clients with a 360-degree view of the market with statistical forecasts, competitive landscape, detailed segmentation, key trends, and strategic recommendations.
Contact us:
Transparency Market Research
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany
NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/
Watch: Rylan and Alison team up for This Morning
Are you ready for the new car tax rules?
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Paul Nuttall's press officer has taken the blame and offered to resign over damaging false claims that he “lost close personal friends” at Hillsborough.
The UKIP leader was forced to admit the claim posted twice on his website was wrong after he was challenged during an interview with Radio City Talk in Liverpool.
“I haven't lost a close personal friend, I've lost someone who I know,” he told presenter Dave Eason, adding: “I haven't put that out, that is wrong.”
Now his press officer, Lynda Roughley, has said she was "entirely responsible" in a late-night statement issued on her behalf by Ukip.
She offered to resign - but that offer is believed to have been turned down, a Ukip source said.
Ms Roughley's statement said: “Paul is a man of great integrity and would not say something he knew to be untrue. It's me who has made this mistake, and one I feel absolutely terrible about.
“I am frankly mortified at the distress this issue has caused Paul and may have caused to anyone involved with the Hillsborough tragedy.
“I have today offered my resignation. I could not be more sorry.”
Mr Nuttall faced a storm yesterday over the claim, which was made in two separate posts on his website.
The first in 2011 said "close personal friends of mine" were among the 96 Liverpool FC fans who died in the 1989 stadium crush.
(Photo: Getty)
(Photo: Bob Thomas/Getty Images)
The second in 2012 said: "I lost close friends at the match and understand as well as anyone how deep the scars of that tragedy go."
Despite Ms Roughley's statement last night only referring to "the website post", a Ukip spokesman today said it referred to both the posts from 2011 and 2012.
In a separate statement last night, Mr Nuttall said he was “appalled” when he found out what had happened but he did not write the web posting.
“This was an article that I did not write and did not see prior to it being posted by a member of my staff,” he said.
(Photo: Radio City Talk)
(Photo: Radio City Talk)
“Of course I take responsibility for those things that are put out under my name, but I was genuinely taken aback when this claim was brought to my attention and am both appalled and very sorry that an impression was given that was not accurate.”
Mr Nuttall is trying to wipe out Labour's 5,000 majority and become Stoke-on-Trent Central's new MP in a crunch by-election next week.
He has angrily hit out over an article in The Guardian which aired doubts over his claim that as a 12-year-old fan he was present in the stadium when the disaster happened.
Previously he has also denied responsibility for claims he was a footballer for Tranmere Rovers and had a PhD.
Police were investigating after Mr Nuttall listed a house in Stoke as his address before moving in.
One of the children phoned Triple-0.
One of the children phoned Triple-0. Max Pixel
A LABOURER from Mackay was charged with his fifth breach of a domestic violence order after one of his children managed to phone 000 during a volatile screaming match.
The actions of the youngster resulted in the 32-year-old pleading guilty to an aggravated contravention of the order protecting his partner.
He was brought into Mackay Magistrates Court from Mackay Watch-house on Monday after the breach on Sunday.
Magistrate Damien Dwyer said the man had been "getting on the grog and started bluing again", chiding him for his behaviour.
The man, who can't be legally name, and his partner took their son, aged five, out to a sporting event before grabbing alcohol for he and his wife, the court heard.
"They got into an argument over the children misbehaving," defence solicitor Danny Yarrow, of Legal Aid, explained.
"His child heard the argument and called police. The complaint was made by one of the children (aged 10 months, three and five)."
Mr Yarrow noted the man had not been physically violent and had been staying at the residence.
The man was described as having a "flippant attitude" to orders by Mr Dwyer but he did dodge jail-time.
Mr Dwyer sentenced the man to two months' jail, suspended for two years.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A woman mauled by her pit bull wants to send out a warning to other pet owners after her "gentle" dog suddenly turned on her - causing her to lose her arm.
Traumatised Yasmin Adam, 45, was left lying in a pool of blood and fearing for her life after her beloved pup Sir Hinkles launched the unexpected attack.
The brutal assault took place after Yasmin attempted to break up a play fight between Sir Hinkles and her two other dogs.
The previously good-natured pooch, who was even permitted to sleep in Yasmin's bed, suddenly started barking before launching himself at her, biting her ear and tearing flesh from her arms.
(Image: Yasmin Adam / SWNS.com)
(Image: Yasmin Adam / SWNS.com)
(Image: Yasmin Adam / SWNS.com)
WARNING: GRAPHIC IMAGES BELOW
Yasmin says Sir Hinkles, a nine-year-old red-nose pitbull, chewed on the bone in her left arm for nine minutes before police arrived and shot him dead.
The former quality control technician had recently moved to Fort Lauderdale, Florida, USA, from Greenville, South Carolina, with her pets when the attack happened.
Pit bull terriers or pit bull type dogs are banned in the UK.
Yasmin said: "I guess there was tension after the other dogs were fighting. Next thing I know he jumps up and bites my ear.
"I knew what was going on but I didn't feel any pain. I guess I was in shock.
"Sir Hinkles went back in his cage then, but all I can think of was that he got a taste of
blood because he came right back out and bit me on my right arm.
"After that he attacked me on and off for nine minutes. The dog ripped all the meat off my lower left arm, and that's gone now.
"I just stopped fighting the dog. I figured I was going to die. He kept trying to pull the bone out of my arm."
(Image: Yasmin Adam / SWNS.com)
(Image: Yasmin Adam / SWNS.com)
(Image: Yasmin Adam / SWNS.com)
Fortunately, a friend who was also living in the apartment, alerted the police, who pepper sprayed the vicious dog before shooting him.
Doctors at Broward General Hospital, Florida, battled to save Yasmin's left arm for three weeks before it was decided that amputation was the only way forward.
She said: "It was the most painful thing I've ever experienced in my life.
"I could see the bone clear as day. Eventually, they amputated it from just above my
elbow on December 26.
"I'm just working on getting my right arm functional again. He ripped that arm apart too, but not as badly.
(Image: Yasmin Adam / SWNS.com)
(Image: Yasmin Adam / SWNS.com)
"I can't move my wrist and I have limited movement in my fingers. To be honest I thought I was going to die so to have just lost my arm I feel lucky."
Yasmin, who is unmarried, was in hospital for six months after the attack and during her time there, her two other dogs were put down.
While Yasmin was upset she couldn't save them, she now warns people about the dangers of owning this breed of dog as, prior to the attack, Sir Hinkles had never shown signs of aggressive behavior.
She said: "I loved him so much. He slept with me in my bed, he never was out of line.
"He was always so gentle with children and really friendly. He never snapped at cats or little kittens, he never touched a kitten.
"I didn't even have to put him on a leash because he was such a good-natured dog.
(Image: Yasmin Adam / SWNS.com)
(Image: Yasmin Adam / SWNS.com)
(Image: Yasmin Adam / SWNS.com)
"I loved Hinkles, I had him for nine years but he turned on me in nine minutes. Now I warn people against these types of dogs.
"People always say 'It's how you raise a dog that matters', and I was one of those people.
"And I do believe to a certain extent that's true. But animals have an instinct they can't overpower and that's what happened with my dog.
"I thought he would never do anything like that and look at me now.
"Don't be tricked into thinking they aren't capable of doing something like this."
In the UK, people are banned from owning pit bull terriers under the Dangerous Dogs Act.
Ownership of the Japanese Tosa, Dogo Argentino and Fila Braziliero is also prohibited.
It's also illegal to sell, abandon, give away or breed a banned dog.
© Agence France-Presse/Paul J. Richards
All statecraft and politics is notoriously deceptive and duplicitous to a degree. It's part of the Machiavellian game and even at times, arguably, can be paradoxically key to success for good outcomes.Take CIA director Mike Pompeo. Last week, he gave a big interview to Britain's state broadcaster, the BBC, in which he reiterated serious claims that Russia hacked into the American presidential election in 2016.Further, he forewarned that Russian state agents were planning to repeat their alleged meddling in the forthcoming mid-term Congressional elections later this year.However, within days of making such dire accusations against the Kremlin, the American spymaster was reportedly holding meetings in Washington DC with two senior Russian intelligence figures - Alexander Bortnikov and Sergei Naryshkin. The two men represent Russia's federal and foreign intelligence services, the FSB and SVR, respectively.There was apparently nothing untoward about the top-level meeting. The American and Russian spy chiefs were reportedly exchanging views on counter-terrorism, which arguably is a positive thing. After all, a foiled terror attack in St Petersburg recently was thwarted by Russian security services reportedly following up on a tip-off from the American CIA.Not only that, but the two Russian intelligence chiefs in question have been put on an American government sanctions list and travel ban purportedly over Russia's "annexation" of Crimea and "aggression" in Eastern Ukraine.So, if American official concerns about alleged Russian subversion in the US and abroad are as vexed as they are made out to be in public announcements, then how does that square with Mike Pompeo greeting his Russian counterparts in a convivial professional setting?When the CIA director was challenged by Congressional Democrats about his meeting with the Russians he responded by claiming there was nothing incongruous about their cooperation in Washington, and, he said, it was tough-talking encounter."You and the American people should rest assured that we covered very difficult subjects in which American and Russian interests do not align," stated Pompeo in a written reply to lawmakers."We vigorously defend America in these encounters and pull no punches," he added.Still, there does seem to be something weirdly misplaced about the official words and actions of the CIA chief, and Washington's political class in general, with regard to Russia.On one hand, the CIA and large sections of the US political establishment, including prominent news media outlets have been harping on about grave allegations of Russian meddling in American democracy for more than a year. Some Republican politicians have even gone as far as describing Russia's supposed interference as "an act of war" by Moscow.On the other hand, however, the head of the CIA seems to have no problem holding professional meetings with the Russian "arch enemies" right in the seat of American democracy.No bigger discrepancy perhaps is the fact that the American head of state, President Donald Trump, maintains that the allegations of Russian collusion and interference are "fake news" - or at least overblown. That puts the country's leader completely at odds with his head of foreign intelligence.They seem to have shot their own credibility to pieces.In his BBC interview, Pompeo also warned that North Korea was capable of a missile attack on the US "within months".This lack of American credibility and the danger of a catastrophic war are correlated.America's credibility problem is much bigger than President Trump or his CIA chief. It encompasses the entire American political class.This past week, the Trump administration released a so-called "Kremlin Report" which impugned 210 leaders of Russian politics and business. The figures included Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev, as well as Foreign and Defense Minister Sergei Lavrov and Sergei Shoigu. The Washington report, drawn up by the Treasury Department, stems from the claims of Russian interference in US politics.No credible evidence has ever been presented to substantiate the "Russiagate" claims. Moscow has repeatedly rejected the claims as baseless.Indeed, there is plausible evidence - buried by the US mainstream media - that the alleged hacking of Democratic party computers during the 2016 election campaign was not a hack but rather was a leak from within the party by a staffer disgruntled with candidate Hillary Clinton's dirty tricks against rival Democratic nominee Bernie Sanders.It is also now emerging that the agencies which quite possibly interfered in the presidential election were not Russian, but rather America's own "finest" secret services, the FBI, CIA and NSA, who were allegedly trying to sabotage then Republican candidate, and future president, Donald Trump.For over a year, the provocative and reckless accusations of Russian interference in American democracy, and additionally in European democracy, have run and run without relent. Even though those accusations have no legs of credibility. Just this past week, as noted, the head of US intelligence solemnly reiterated those claims and is warning of more Russian meddling.Washington's political class and America's supposed bastions of journalism have indulged this dubious narrative to brain-numbing saturation point.But when Washington shows such rampant duplicity and inconsistency that's not just a problem of unfortunate public relations. It conveys a profound crisis of credibility, authority and legitimacy for the entire edifice of government. That is fatally corrosive to the essence of government and American democracy.And guess what? It has nothing to do with "Russian enemies". It is a credibility crisis made solely in America by its own morally and politically bankrupt system of governance.Paradoxically, a day of reckoning could be good for renewing American democracy, eventually.There again it also makes the world a very dangerous place. Because war, for example a US military strike on North Korea, is a proven Machiavellian escape route for political scoundrels facing a dead-end.
Rome, July 4 - Giuseppe Mineo, a former judge for the Sicilian Administrative Justice Council (CGA), was arrested on Wednesday in relation to a corruption probe by Messina prosecutors, sources said. Mineo is accused of favouring legal appeals made by two companies controlled by Frontino construction group, Open Land Srl' and 'AM Group Srl', against the Siracusa superintendency and the city council. The Open Land and Am Group cases led to the arrest in February of former Siracusa prosecutor Giancarlo Longo and lawyers Piero Amara and Giuseppe Calafiore, both allegedly linked to the Frontino family.
By The Associated Press
Yard Rush Pass New England 4958 1447 3511 Kansas City 4419 1351 3068 Pittsburgh 4411 1237 3174 L.A. Chargers 4357 1119 3238 Jacksonville 4266 1793 2473 Houston 4187 1404 2783 Oakland 4014 1120 2894 N.Y. Jets 3948 1282 2666 Tennessee 3894 1465 2429 Denver 3784 1288 2496 Cleveland 3703 1270 2433 Buffalo 3557 1464 2093 Indianapolis 3552 1189 2363 Miami 3511 1016 2495 Baltimore 3462 1386 2076 Cincinnati 3370 962 2408
DEFENSE Yard Rush Pass Jacksonville 3390 1385 2005 Pittsburgh 3536 1186 2350 Denver 3547 1104 2443 Baltimore 3735 1352 2383 Cleveland 3927 1163 2764 Tennessee 3942 1034 2908 Cincinnati 4009 1485 2524 L.A. Chargers 4025 1557 2468 Miami 4079 1398 2681 Houston 4086 1257 2829 Oakland 4152 1259 2893 N.Y. Jets 4242 1436 2806 Buffalo 4339 1445 2894 New England 4508 1449 3059 Indianapolis 4560 1301 3259 Kansas City 4586 1553 3033
NATIONAL FOOTBALL CONFERENCE OFFENSE Yard Rush Pass New Orleans 5209 1761 3448 Atlanta 4725 1519 3206 Philadelphia 4621 1720 2901 L.A. Rams 4472 1382 3090 Minnesota 4445 1474 2971 Seattle 4304 1233 3071 Washington 4197 1204 2993 Tampa Bay 4196 1057 3139 Detroit 4045 939 3106 Dallas 3944 1665 2279 Carolina 3944 1533 2411 Arizona 3931 919 3012 San Francisco 3927 1209 2718 Green Bay 3671 1303 2368 N.Y. Giants 3520 1069 2451 Chicago 3309 1386 1923
DEFENSE Yard Rush Pass Minnesota 3469 932 2537 Philadelphia 3518 817 2701 Carolina 3571 1063 2508 Seattle 3854 1180 2674 Arizona 3964 1194 2770 Chicago 3998 1346 2652 L.A. Rams 4001 1474 2527 Washington 4081 1412 2669 Dallas 4111 1294 2817 Atlanta 4158 1408 2750 Green Bay 4258 1343 2915 San Francisco 4263 1487 2776 New Orleans 4304 1486 2818 Detroit 4323 1379 2944 Tampa Bay 4627 1419 3208 N.Y. Giants 4690 1568 3122
AVERAGE PER GAME AMERICAN FOOTBALL CONFERENCE OFFENSE Yards Rush Pass New England 413.2 120.6 292.6 Kansas City 368.2 112.6 255.7 Pittsburgh 367.6 103.1 264.5 L.A. Chargers 363.1 93.2 269.8 Jacksonville 355.5 149.4 206.1 Houston 348.9 117.0 231.9 Oakland 334.5 93.3 241.2 N.Y. Jets 329.0 106.8 222.2 Tennessee 324.5 122.1 202.4 Denver 315.3 107.3 208.0 Cleveland 308.6 105.8 202.8 Buffalo 296.4 122.0 174.4 Indianapolis 296.0 99.1 196.9 Miami 292.6 84.7 207.9 Baltimore 288.5 115.5 173.0 Cincinnati 280.8 80.2 200.7
DEFENSE Yards Rush Pass Jacksonville 282.5 115.4 167.1 Pittsburgh 294.7 98.8 195.8 Denver 295.6 92.0 203.6 Baltimore 311.2 112.7 198.6 Cleveland 327.2 96.9 230.3 Tennessee 328.5 86.2 242.3 Cincinnati 334.1 123.8 210.3 L.A. Chargers 335.4 129.8 205.7 Miami 339.9 116.5 223.4 Houston 340.5 104.8 235.8 Oakland 346.0 104.9 241.1 N.Y. Jets 353.5 119.7 233.8 Buffalo 361.6 120.4 241.2 New England 375.7 120.8 254.9 Indianapolis 380.0 108.4 271.6 Kansas City 382.2 129.4 252.8
NATIONAL FOOTBALL CONFERENCE OFFENSE Yards Rush Pass New Orleans 400.7 135.5 265.2 Philadelphia 385.1 143.3 241.8 L.A. Rams 372.7 115.2 257.5 Minnesota 370.4 122.8 247.6 Atlanta 363.5 116.8 246.6 Seattle 358.7 102.8 255.9 Washington 349.8 100.3 249.4 Tampa Bay 349.7 88.1 261.6 Detroit 337.1 78.2 258.8 Dallas 328.7 138.8 189.9 Carolina 328.7 127.8 200.9 Arizona 327.6 76.6 251.0 San Francisco 327.2 100.8 226.5 Green Bay 305.9 108.6 197.3 N.Y. Giants 293.3 89.1 204.2 Chicago 275.8 115.5 160.2
DEFENSE Yards Rush Pass Minnesota 289.1 77.7 211.4 Philadelphia 293.2 68.1 225.1 Carolina 297.6 88.6 209.0 Atlanta 319.8 108.3 211.5 Seattle 321.2 98.3 222.8 Arizona 330.3 99.5 230.8 New Orleans 331.1 114.3 216.8 Chicago 333.2 112.2 221.0 L.A. Rams 333.4 122.8 210.6 Washington 340.1 117.7 222.4 Dallas 342.6 107.8 234.8 Green Bay 354.8 111.9 242.9 San Francisco 355.2 123.9 231.3 Detroit 360.2 114.9 245.3 Tampa Bay 385.6 118.2 267.3 N.Y. Giants 390.8 130.7 260.2
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Sarah Jessica Parker has slammed claims she's engaged in a long-running “catfight” with her Sex And The City co-star Kim Cattrall.
The actresses publicly disagreed about making a third Sex And The City film and more recently, in February, the row erupted again after SJP offered her condolences over the death of Kim's brother Christopher.
But Sarah insists that their feud has been blown up out of all proportion and says she had done nothing wrong.
In an interview with Vulture magazine, Sarah said: “I'd just like to remind everybody that there is no catfight.
(Image: Getty Images)
(Image: Getty Images North America)
“I have never uttered an unkind, unsupportive, unfriendly word.
“I've always held Kim's work in high regard and always [been] appreciative of her contributions.
“If she chooses not to do the third movie there's not a lot I can do to change her mind and we must respect it.
“That's the only thing I've ever said about it, you know?”
Sarah, 53, also insisted she and the other Sex In The City stars, Kristin Davis and Cynthia Nixon, were “disappointed” about not making a third film, but were now moving on.
(Image: Getty Images)
She added: “The three of us have shared our disappointment that we're not making that movie, not just on our behalf but our crew, but also just the people that have been vocal about wanting to see it.
“But we still live in a free country where people get to make choices, and sometimes the answer is ‘no,' and the only way to respond for me is to respect that. But, no, there is no catfight, there never has been a catfight.
“I've never fought with someone publicly in my life, nor would I. And I spent time with all of the women on the set. People need to recall that it wasn't just two women on the set fighting, because that just never happened.
“We are enormously proud of what we got to do ... We spent ten, 12 years of our life doing something that I really loved and I feel privileged to be part of and I don't want this to eclipse it or change its experience for that audience that was so good to us for so long.”
(Image: kimcattrall/Instagram)
In February, angry Kim accused Sarah of “exploiting” the tragedy of her brother's death when she sent her condolences to Kim.
The harsh words came after Sarah left a comment under the Instagram post confirming Christopher's death, in which she offered her condolences to her former co-star.
The Police Academy actress took to Instagram again a few days later to slam Sarah, writing: “My Mom asked me today ‘When will that Sarah Jessica Parker, that hypocrite, leave you alone?' Your continuous reaching out is a painful reminder of how cruel you really were then and now.
“Let me make this VERY clear. (If I haven't already) You are not my family. You are not my friend. “So I'm writing to tell you one last time to stop exploiting our tragedy in order to restore your ‘nice girl' persona.”
MADRID: Wikipedia went down in at least three countries Wednesday in a protest at an upcoming European Parliament vote on a highly disputed law that could make online platforms legally liable for copyrighted material put on the web by users.
In Spain, Italy and Poland, an explanatory, protest statement about the upcoming vote came up when the online encyclopeead of the usual web page on whatever celebrity, legal case or historical event users had searched for.
“The directive would threaten online freedom and would impose new filters, barriers and restrictions to access the web,” Wikipedia Spain said in its statement.
“If the proposal was approved in its actual version, actions like sharing news on social networks or accessing news via a search engine would be more complicated on the Internet.”
It added that Wikipedia would be “at risk” and asked users to phone their MEPs.
The overhaul of European copyright law is divided into several sections, one of which is the reform criticised by Wikipedia and others who have warned it will lead to blanket censorship by tech giants.
Another reform would force online platforms such as Google and Facebook to pay for links to news content, which news agencies including AFP have hailed as a “major step”.
The European Commission has replied saying that “Wikipedia and other online encyclopaedias would not fall within the scope of the Commission's Copyright proposal.”
But Wikipedia chief Jimmy Wales and Greens MEP Julia Reda, a leading campaigner on the issue, insist that it will.
Thursday's parliament vote is not final, but only sets out the negotiating position of MEPs.
There then follow negotiations with member states for a final position, during which the full extent of the law and whether it does apply to Wikipedia will be worked out.
Austria, which has just assumed the EU's six-month rotating presidency, has said this will be difficult, so there will have to be some sort of compromise.—AFP
PRESIDENT Rodrigo Duterte landed at the top of an online poll on who should be in the Time 100 list of most influential people, but it doesn't mean he is more powerful than, say, Pope Francis.
The official list to be decided by Time editors would not place him as more influential than the Pope or Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg or any of those he beat in the online survey because the final list will name people as “influential,” with no “more influential” or number one among them.
A Malacañang statement Monday announced that Duterte landed in the top spot of Time magazine's readers poll and said he got more votes than Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, the Pope, United States billionaire Bill Gates and Facebook's Zuckerberg.
But reading about the list on the Time website showed that being at the top of the online poll doesn't mean Duterte is more influential than them because the online survey was simply a tool for readers to let Time editors know of their choices.
Time.com announced Monday that Duterte won the 2017 Time 100 poll “after consistently leading the survey, which asked readers who should be included on this year's Time 100 — an annual list of the world's most influential people.” The survey was done online, through the Time website, and ran from March 24 to April 16.
It is not surprising that Duterte would lead in the poll since many Filipinos see him as controversial and powerful, and he has so-called digital warriors, human or robot, who propelled his presidential run online and on social media last year.
But the online poll is separate from the Time 100 list to be released by the publication on April 20. The Time website said the online poll was meant for readers to share their choices with the editors who will decide on the official Time 100 list. He is the online choice for most influential and that probably assures him of a place in the official list but he does not beat anybody in any ranking because there is no number 1 or 2 or 100.
The list, found on Time.com, categorizes influential people into “Pioneers,” “Titans,” “Artists,” “Leaders,” and “Icons.” There can be 15 winners in one category, 30 in another. No set numbers. Duterte would fall under the “Leaders” category and would probably be in the company of Trudeau but he cannot be most influential of the bunch because there is no such thing.
The Time website said Duterte received five percent of the total “yes” votes in the online poll. Since taking office in June, it said, “Duterte has waged an aggressive war on drugs that has killed more than 8,000 people in the Philippines, according to Reuters.” It added, “The controversial anti-drug campaign has inspired growing opposition from human rights groups and some political leaders, including Vice President Leni Robredo.”
If you go by how Time editors vote, a similar selection, but this time on products, showed that the decision process is fully an editorial undertaking.
This International summit gathers professionals from all over the world, invariable of age to discuss the current-state-of-art in this blooming field of Diamond, graphite, and Carbon Materials. A knowledge gathering initiative which provides diversified topics of discussion and insights in unraveling the wonders in the interdisciplinary arena of Materials Science and Nanotechnology. The 3rd International Conference and Expo on Diamond, Graphite & Carbon Materials hold a theme of “A Realistic Approach in Materials Research” which also paves way for young researchers in acquiring knowledge and information by meeting the experts.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A rarely seen UEFA rule means that Henrikh Mkhitaryan won't be able to sport his new Arsenal No. 7 shirt in this season's Europa League.
The Armenian midfielder has taken over Alexis Sanchez's old Gunners shirt number after arriving at the Emirates Stadium in a swap deal with Sanchez, who has also taken the No. 7 upon his arrival at Old Trafford.
But a UEFA rule means that clubs are only allowed to register one player per squad number for a European competition each season.
(Image: Arsenal FC)
(Image: Dan Mullan)
Sanchez has already worn the No. 7 for Arsenal in the Europa League this season, so that shirt belongs to him for the remainder of the campaign despite the fact he's left.
The rule was seen in action during Liverpool's 2010/11 Europa League campaign, when Fernando Torres wore the No. 9 shirt in the first half of the season before moving to Chelsea in a £50m deal in January 2011.
Andy Carroll then took the No. 9 upon his arrival at the club from Newcastle, but was forced to wear the No. 29 during the Reds' 1-0 aggregate defeat to Braga in the round of 16.
(Image: Action Images)
Arsenal have announced Mkhitaryan's Europa League squad number will be 77.
The Gunners face Swedish side Ostersunds FK in the last 32 of the Europa League in the middle of February.
A FINANCIAL planning firm impersonated a Fair Work Commissioner in six phone calls to her superannuation funds and later described her as "aggressive" and "nitpicking" after she lodged a formal complaint over dodgy advice that, if implemented, would have cost her more than half a million dollars.
The Banking Royal Commission on Tuesday heard from Fair Work Commissioner Donna McKenna, who approached financial planner Sam Henderson from Henderson Maxwell in 2016 for advice ahead of the government's 1 July 2017 superannuation changes.
Despite repeatedly saying she was not interested in setting up a self-managed superannuation fund (SMSF), Ms McKenna said the statement of advice she received recommended she roll her superannuation into an SMSF, sell her shares and investments and invest all of her money with Henderson Maxwell's managed fund product.
"I thought [the recommendations] were risible," she told the Commission. "I remember saying to my son, 'I can't believe this, I've been to see the Financial Planner of the Year and this is what you get.'
"I thought if I went to an independently owned financial planning firm that I wouldn't be subjected to the product flogging of the type associated with the big banks, and yet all I'm being flogged is Henderson Maxwell's own products and services. I all but threw the advice in the bin at that stage."
The most egregious error in the advice was the recommendation that she roll over her State Authorities Superannuation Scheme (SASS). Had she done so before the retirement age of 58, she would have immediately forfeited $500,000.
Mr Henderson told the Commission the error arose because he mistakenly believed Ms McKenna was on a defined benefit scheme, as opposed to a deferred benefit scheme - despite his employee phoning the super fund while pretending to be Ms McKenna and being given the correct information.
Audio recordings provided to Ms McKenna by her two funds - SASS and the Public Sector Superannuation Accumulation Plan (PSSap) - after she lodged a formal complaint with the Financial Planning Association, were played to the Commission.
In one call, the Henderson Maxwell employee can be heard speaking to a SASS representative identifying herself as "Donna McKenna".
"Hi, I was wondering if I could get some information, please, on my member number, I've been given some questions to ask and I know I hold a defined benefit," she says.
Financial planner Sam Henderson.
After providing Ms McKenna's personal details, she goes on to ask what her lump sum payout would be if she accessed her funds early, and is informed of the $500,000 difference.
"Right, so OK, and if I wait till the age of 58 ... all right, yes, okay, I think that's about it that I need, thank you," she says.
Senior counsel assisting Rowena Orr QC asked Mr Henderson whether it was "standard for your employees to impersonate your clients and seek information about their superannuation accounts".
"No, absolutely not," Mr Henderson said. "I was horrified. It was most definitely the wrong thing to do. I was bitterly disappointed that someone would do that under my responsibility."
He added that the decision was ultimately made not to sack the employee.
"Instead we gave her a warning. It was borderline. In hindsight I should have persisted with my gut reaction," he said.
Ms McKenna was refunded her $4950 upfront fee, but had she signed on with Henderson Maxwell would have paid more than $3000 in additional brokerage fees plus an ongoing investment management fee of $14,642 - compared with the roughly $2800 she was paying through her super fund.
The Commission heard that 84 per cent of Henderson Maxwell's funds under management were with its own managed fund product. "Do you consider that you conducted a reasonable investigation into the financial products that might best achieve Ms McKenna's objectives?" Ms Orr asked.
"Yes, I do actually," Mr Henderson said. "We do consider all options for clients. I felt that in the first meeting we discussed what those options were, and collectively came to the agreement that a SMSF was suitable for Ms McKenna."
In his official response to the FPA to Ms McKenna's complaint, Mr Henderson hit out at her "barrage of aggressive and presumptive accusations" and added "I feel I've made every effort to attempt to satisfy Ms McKenna in finding an amicable solution to her issues without financial or other return to myself or my business".
"You then refer to things you have read in the press about Ms McKenna's role as a Fair Work Commissioner, in a highly critical way," Ms Orr said.
Describing her as "aggressive and nitpicking", Mr Henderson's letter said Ms McKenna had "approached this situation with extreme hostility" and treated him with the "utmost disdain".
In a subsequent email to the FPA, he described the incident as "a storm in a teacup" and said his "response before I went on holidays was exclusively for the FPA's benefit and not Donna McKenna" and that he would "appreciate" if his comments were not shared with her.
"Is it really nitpicking for Ms McKenna to make a complaint after receiving advice that would have cost her half a million dollars?" Ms Orr asked.
"No," Mr Henderson said. "That was clearly not a professional email."
frank.chung@news.com.au
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It's that time of year when horse-racing punters nationwide begin to sharpen their focus, as the jump-racing season reaches the business end.
And there aren't many bigger meetings than the annual Cheltenham Festival .
With the Gold Cup as it's big draw, Cheltenham is quickly becoming the most hotly-anticipated event in the racing calendar.
Hoards of race-goers, jockeys, owners, trainers, and of course the horses themselves, will be preparing to descend upon Prestbury Park.
As the seasons climax approaches, we give you the run down of all you need to know before the event...
(Image: REUTERS)
When does it start?
The festival will commence on Tuesday 13th March, with the first race set to go off at 13:30pm (GMT).
With seven races to get through on the opening day, starting off the proceedings will be the Sky Bet Supreme Novices' Hurdle Race.
It's a four day feast of racing, with the event set to run until the last race ends shortly after 17:30pm (GMT) on Friday 16th.
Schedule
Day One - Champion Day - Tuesday 13th March 2018
(Image: Getty Images)
13:30 - The Sky Bet Supreme Novices' Hurdle Race
14:10 - The Racing Post Arkle Challenge Trophy Steeple Chase
14:50 - The Ultima Handicap Steeple Chase
15:30 - The UniBet Champion Hurdle Challenge Trophy
16:10 - The OLBG Mares' Hurdle Race
16:50 - The National Hunt Steeple Chase Challenge Cup
17:30 - The Close Brothers Novices Handicap Chase
Day Two - Ladies Day - Wednesday 14th March 2018
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
13:30 - The Ballymore Novices' Hurdle Race
14:10 - The RSA Steeple Chase
14:50 - The Coral Cup Hurdle
15:30 - The Betway Queen Mother Champion Steeple Chase
16:10 - The Glenfarclas Cross Country Steeple Chase
16:50 - The Boodles Fred Winter Juvenile Handicap Hurdle Race
17:30 - The Weatherbys Champion Bumper
Day Three - St. Patrick's Thursday - Thursday 15th March 2018
(Image: PA)
13:30 - The JLT Novices' Chase
14:10 - The Pertemps Network Final
14:50 - The Ryanair Steeple Chase
15:30 - The Sun Bets Stayers' Hurdle
16:10 - The Brown Advisory & Merriebelle Stable Plate
16:50 - The Trull House Stud Mares Novices' Hurdle
17:30 - The Fulke Walwyn Kim Muir Challenge Cup Handicap Steeple Chase
Day Four - Gold Cup Day - Friday 16th March 2018
(Image: PA)
13:30 - The JCB Triumph Hurdle
14:10 - The Randox Health County Handicap Hurdle Race
14:50 - The Albert Bartlett Novices' Hurdle Race
15:30 - The Timico Cheltenham Gold Cup Steeple Chase
16:10 - The St. James's Place Foxhunter Steeple Chase Challenge Cup
16:50 - The Martin Pipe Conditional Jockeys' Handicap Hurdle Race
17:30 - The Johnny Henderson Grand Annual Handicap Steeple Chase Challenge Cup
(Image: REUTERS)
Tickets
Unsurprisingly, tickets for one of racing's showpiece events are in hot demand and short supply.
But there are a few still available on Stubhub and Seatwave , with more likely to be added as the festival approaches.
Betting odds
(Image: Getty Images)
It's the aim of the game, and you can be certain that plenty of cash will be wagered over the course of the week.
Over £150 million is expected to be gambled by punters trying to get lucky, and we've teamed up with bookmakers William Hill to bring you some of the odds and markets that might take your fancy.
But please remember - always gamble responsibly.
To win any race
Tuesday: Supreme Novices Hurdle
Wednesday: Queen Mother Champion Chase
Thursday: Stayers Hurdle
Friday: Gold Cup
*All odds correct at time of publishing
Posted 1 hour ago
Nairobi police are on the spot for failing to arrest a businessman, reported to have misused his firearm on five occasions.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Humiliated Theresa May is skulking back to Britain today after being praised for kowtowing to China over human rights.
The country's Global Times newspaper backed the Prime Minister for “sidestepping” human rights in talks with Chinese leaders.
The Communist Party's mouthpiece slammed western journalists for urging Mrs May to raise the thorny issue with President Xi Jinping.
Under an article headlined “Sino-UK partnership transcends media mudslinging over human rights”, the voice of the hardline regime hailed the PM for keeping her mouth shut.
The paper said: “British Prime Minister Theresa May is visiting China, seeking to expand pragmatic collaboration with the country so as to pave the way for future trade and investment deals.
“However, some Western media outlets keep pestering May to criticize Beijing in an attempt to showcase that the UK has withstood pressure from China and the West has consolidated its commanding position over the country in politics.”
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
In a thinly-veiled threat to the PM, who was earlier dubbed “Auntie May” by adoring Chinese,
the Global Times suggested trade deals Mrs May hopes for could be jeopardised if she dared to criticise the regime.
“May will definitely not make any comment contrary to the goals of her China trip,” said the paper.
“For the Prime Minister, the losses outweigh the gains if she appeases the British media at the cost of the visit's friendly atmosphere.”
On her flight to the Far East, Mrs May pledged to tackle the Chinese over human rights.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
But, following talks with President Xi Jinping, all No 10 would say was that the pair “discussed Hong Kong, and reiterated the importance of and their commitment to 'one country, two systems'”.
A spokesman insisted: “The PM and President agreed the importance of having frank conversations in areas where the two countries do not see eye to eye, and looked forward to further deepening their ties in the ‘golden era', including in areas such as culture and education.”
The Global Times also praised French President Emmanuel Macron for dodging human rights when he visited.
“Some European media pressed May and Macron on human rights, but the two leaders sidestepped the topic on their China trip,” it said.
“This shows that the Sino-European relationship has, to a large degree, extricated itself from the impact of radical public opinion.”
Instead, Mrs May was desperate to highlight a “golden era” of relations between China and Britain.
Sipping tea with President Xi, she hailed trade deals forged between the countries – and went out of her way to encourage Chinese tourists to visit the UK.
The PM may have learned lessons from David Cameron , who was cold-shouldered by Beijing for more than a year after meeting exiled Tibetan spiritual leader the Daila Lama in London in 2012.
The controversial introduction plunged relation into the deep freeze, with China's foreign ministry saying the meeting "seriously interfered with China's internal affairs" and "hurt" Chinese feelings.
Mr Cameron later launched a a charm offensive, greasing up to the Chinese in a bid to encourage billions of pounds of investment.
No 10 insisted Mrs May had tackled Mr Li and Mr Xi over human rights.
Meanwhile, the PM trumpeted women entrepreneurs in a speech to business leaders in Shanghai.
Calling for a “higher profile for female innovators”, she said: “The UK and China together have the capacity to play a huge role in advocating for gender equality.
“But all too often those good intentions don't lead to positive outcomes, and that's something we should all be working to tackle.”
Sanju Box Office: Ranbir Kapoor in and as Sanju has been creating hysteria all around the globe. The movie has shattered some major box office records at home, the latest one being it has surpassed the lifetime collections of Tiger Shroff starrer Baaghi 2 in just 5 days. It's been a dream run for the film as Salman Khan's Race 3 is the next target.
Sanju has collected a huge 22.10 crores on its 1st Tuesday which is not at all an easy total to put up on the board on a non-holiday. But its the word of mouth, the content that has been working in the favour of the film. The magic of Rajkumar Hirani & hard work of Ranbir Kapoor has paid off very well.
Sanju now stands at the grand total of 167.51 crores. It has crossed the lifetime collections of Tiger Shroff's Baaghi 2 which earned in the range of 165 crores earlier this year. That movie turned to be unexpectedly huge but Sanju had everything going its way. Yes, Sanju could've fallen badly had it been directed by someone else than Rajkumar Hirani.
According to the last week's update, Race 3 has earned approximately 169 crores at the box office. Sanju will easily cross this Salman Khan starrer in coming days. Sanju is predicted to enter the 200 crore club by the end of this week which will see some major changes happening in the Koimoi Power Index. Padmaavat, at 300+ crores, is a tough opponent to beat but going by the trends we know Sanju could surprise us big time.
Directed by Rajkumar Hirani, the film also stars Vicky Kaushal, Manisha Koirala, Paresh Rawal, Anushka Sharma and Sonam Kapoor in the pivotal roles. The movie has no competition in coming weeks and has much time to juice all up.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Three in a bed on the dartboard adorning his coffin, Eric Bristow checked out for the last time.
And as a glittering cast of champions turned out to pay their respects to a darts legend, nothing could have been more symbolic than arrows scoring treble 20.
The Crafty Cockney, who collapsed and died suddenly – aged 60 – at a Premier League darts event in Liverpool earlier this month, was laid to rest in the Potteries he had adopted as his home.
Among the mourners were 16-times world champion Phil 'The Power' Taylor, the protege he mentored to greatness, current world No.1 Michael van Gerwen and old rivals from Bristow's heyday on the oche including John Lowe, Cliff Lazarenko and Dennis Priestley.
(Image: Getty)
(Image: SWNS.com)
Despite teeming rain, hundreds gathered outside the Carmountside crematorium in Stoke-on-Trent, Staffs, to bid farewell to the first superstar of darts at a private funeral for family and close friends.
When the cortege arrived, with proud patriot Bristow's coffin draped in the Union flag, the Embassy world championship trophy he lifted five times between 1980-86 made the final journey with him.
And there was standing room only in the packed chapel, with some of the congregation wearing Bristow's favourite red polo shirts – the colour he often wore on stage.
(Image: SWNS.com)
Keith Deller, who beat Bristow in the 1983 world championship final, was also at the service and conveyed the sadness which transcends a sport.
He said on Twitter: “Today we say goodbye to our friend and a darting genius... we will remember the good times and say our farewells but the sporting icon will always live on. RIP Eric.”
After the 45-minute service, hundreds of Bristow's friends and well-wishers convened in some of his favourite watering holes in his long-time home town Leek, Staffs.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
In the Black Swan, the Rewind Bar and the Fountain, drinkers raised pints of Guinness – Bristow's favourite tipple – on the day before what would have been his 61st birthday.
When news of the Crafty Cockney's death filtered through to 8,000 stunned fans at Liverpool's Echo Arena on the night he died, they broke into a spontaneous chorus: “There's only one Eric Bristow.”
Earlier this month Taylor, who was launched towards his astonishing success by a £10,000 bursary from Bristow 30 years ago, paid tribute saying: “Eric was like a brother to me. Quite simply, I owe him everything.”
© Pascal Rossignol / Reuters
Facebook has apologized for censoring a play advertisement featuring a bare-breasted woman from Eugene Delacroix's legendary French Revolution painting, which the social media giant called inappropriate.The social media network raised eyebrows recently after its no-nudity policy seemed to go too far once again. Designed to stop pornography and abuse, the policy led to the blocking of the iconic 1830 painting 'Liberty Leading the People' by French artist Eugene Delacroix.However, it soon recognized the error and apologized for banning an online promotion of a play in Paris that featured the cherished work of art. The 'Coups de feu rue Saint-Roch' post showed an actor against the backdrop of the painting with a goddess figure, brandishing a French flag and a bayonetted musket, with her dress sliding down to expose naked breasts. A representation of liberty and reason, Marianne is widely viewed as a national symbol of the French Republic.Fifteen minutes after the post went online, Facebook blocked the ad, saying it cannot show nudity, play director Jocelyn Fiorina told AFP. Marianne's bare breasts were "sensitive in nature and therefore not allowed," according to Facebook.In order to comply with Facebook's rules, Fiorina uploaded the same image with a banner reading "Censored by Facebook" covering the nudity.However, the social media giant later made a U-turn, saying the work "rightly has its place on Facebook." Facebook manager in Paris Elodie Larcis said: "In order to protect the integrity of our service, we verify millions of publicity images each week and sometimes we make mistakes."Delacroix's painting is not the first French artwork that has made headlines over controversy with Facebook. Last week, a court dismissed a case brought by a French teacher who claimed the social network banned his account because he posted Gustave Courbet's iconic nude painting 'The Origin of the World' on his page.Earlier this month, Facebook also apologized for censoring a post displaying a 30,000-year-old nude statue - the Venus of Willendorf. Italian arts activist Laura Ghianda, who uploaded the image of the prehistoric figurine, said Facebook deemed it "a dangerous pornographic" picture.
When the Dallas Cowboys selected Orlando Scandrick in the fifth round of the 2008 NFL Draft, then-SMU coach June Jones told then-Cowboys coach Wade Phillips that he got the steal of the class.
June was familiar with Scandrick from his days at Boise State. Turns out, June was right: Scandrick was a good player. For a fifth rounder, he was a great player.
That was the problem.
Over the weekend, the Cowboys finally got rid of Scandrick when they told him he will be a post-June 1 release. He posted this sincere farewell on his Instagram page.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access. SUBSCRIBE NOW
The Cowboys tried to deal Scandrick this time a year ago and found no takers. Scandrick, 31, agreed to a two-year, $10 million deal with the Washington Redskins on Tuesday.
Few players embodied the Cowboys' defense over the last decade more than Scandrick: He was a good, hard-working pro and a decent player who did not realize he wasn't as good as he thought.
Scandrick strutted like he was Darren Woodson when he didn't realize he was Orlando Scandrick.
Scandrick lives and plays with an edge and attitude, which is one of the reasons he lasted 10 years in the NFL. He never did get over the fact he was selected in the fifth round of the 2008 NFL draft. He always felt the coaches at Boise State hurt his draft stock.
They may have. There is a good chance those coaches told NFL teams that Scandrick was a wee bit of an attitude, which he is. That he was moody, which he is. That he was a grouch, which he is.
Provided he's not your best defensive back, he's also worth the attitude. He may be able to squeeze out another year or two.
The problem, for the Cowboys, is that over the last decade is Scandrick was this team's second-best defensive player behind Sean Lee.
SHARE COPY LINK More Videos 31 Adrian Beltre on Cole Hamels' dominant night Pause 15 Campaign to elect Elvis Andrus to All-Star team gets Elvi assist 120 Dirk Nowitzki taking batting practice is must-watch sports-humor gold 143 Select Baseball Texas Bombers search the world for players 122 Jon Daniels explains decision to DFA Sam Dyson 31 Texas A&M safety Justin Evans on criticism of coach Kevin Sumlin 105 Rangers owner thanks Arlington voters for approving ballpark funding 134 Former TCU walk-on Phil Taylor and Bram Kohlhausen narrate Taylor's only career catch 106 Two people hurt in Austin explosion 44 Westchester apartment building comes down in a heap Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
The Dallas Cowboys have the 19th pick in the 2018 NFL Draft on April 26-28. These are the 15 guys most likely to end up in Dallas, according to draft experts. Lena Blietzlblietz@star-telegram.com
Scandrick played in 125 games for the Cowboys, intercepted eight passes and came up with 11.5 sacks. He was physical. He was a good tackler. He did not have the best hands. He was an effective blitzer.
He played hard. He cared. He wanted it.
He beat out, and outlasted, so many draft picks over the years, including Mike Jenkins, DeAngelo Smith, Michael Hamlin, Mike Mickens, Josh Thomas, Morris Claiborne, Brandon Carr, J.J. Wilcox, B.W. Webb, Ahmad Dixon and on and on.
Doing this says as much about Scandrick as it does about the Cowboys.
In Orlando Scandrick, the Cowboys stole a major player for a fifth round pick who was an effective player for nearly a decade.
He just should not have been their best, or second-best, defensive player, which was the problem.
(HealthDay News) -- Learning how to do a skin self-exam could save your life.
"Skin cancer is one of the few cancers you can see with the naked eye," said Dr. Ali Hendi, an assistant clinical professor of dermatology at Georgetown University Medical Center in Washington, D.C.
"Yet sadly, many people don't know how to be their own hero when it comes to skin cancer, including what to look for on their skin or when to see a board-certified dermatologist," he added in an American Academy of Dermatology news release.
Skin cancer is the most common cancer in the United States. One in five Americans develops skin cancer, and one person dies every hour from melanoma, the deadliest form of the disease.
To check your skin, use a full-length mirror to examine your entire body, front and back. Then, raise your arms and look at your right and left sides, Hendi said.
Bend your elbows and carefully check your forearms, underarms and palms. Look at the backs of your legs and feet, between your toes, and the soles of your feet. With nail polish removed, check your fingernails and toenails, as well.
Use a hand mirror to check the back of your neck and scalp, and part your hair for a closer look. Finally, check your back and buttocks with a hand mirror. Ask a partner to help check your back and other hard-to-see areas.
"While performing a skin self-exam, keep in mind that skin cancer can develop anywhere on the skin, not just in areas that are exposed to the sun," Hendi said.
"If you notice any new spots on your skin, scalp or nails, spots that look different from other spots on your body, or spots that are changing, itching or bleeding, make an appointment to see a board-certified dermatologist," he advised.
Hendi also explained the ABCDEs of checking for melanoma.
A is for Asymmetry: One half of a spot is unlike the other half.
B is for Border: The spot has an irregular, scalloped or poorly defined edge.
C is for Color: Colors vary from one area of the spot to another, from shades of tan, brown or black, for instance, or areas of white, red or blue.
D is for Diameter: When diagnosed, melanomas are usually larger than 6 millimeters (about the size of a pencil eraser), but can be smaller.
E is for Evolving: The spot looks different or is changing in size, shape or color.
See a medical professional if you have any of these signs or notice an existing mole start to change in any way.
"When detected early, skin cancer, including melanoma, is highly treatable, making it imperative to check your skin regularly," Hendi said. "It only takes a few minutes to check your skin, and it could save your life."
More information
The U.S. National Cancer Institute has more on skin cancer.
SOURCE: American Academy of Dermatology, news release, May 2018
Copyright ©2017 HealthDay. All rights reserved.
CHICAGO, Illinois (CNN) – A news helicopter crew in Chicago captured video of an amazing rescue early Tuesday morning.
A dog was drinking out of Lake Michigan and leaned too far over, tumbling into the water.
The dog struggled to get back onto the concrete, but couldn't get a grip.
A police officer who was responding to a nearby car crash rushed over to help the dog.
After the dramatic rescue, another officer was able to get a leash on the dog.
The officers then got the dog into a police SUV and drove away. They are looking for its owner.
The court's observation came in a case in which a minor girl, student of Class 10, had accused a man of sexually harassing her by dealing a blow on her back with his hand. Photo: iStock
New Delhi: A simple blow on a child's back does not amount to sexual harassment under the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences (POCSO) law as there must be a sexual intent behind the act, a Delhi court has said.
It said that an offence under the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Act is made out when harassment is done with a sexual intent. “Simply giving a blow on the back of the victim does not amount to sexual harassment as defined under the POCSO Act, according to which sexual harassment must be done with sexual intent. Then only the offence becomes punishable under the POCSO Act... Explanation of Section 11 of the Act says that any question involving sexual intent shall be a question of fact,” additional sessions judge A.K. Sarpal said.
The court's observation came in a case in which a minor girl, student of Class 10, had accused a man of sexually harassing her by spitting on her and misbehaving with her after giving a blow on her back with his hand. The girl had alleged that the incident took place when she and her sister were going to school on a scooter in July 2015. She claimed that the accused came forward and threw garbage on the road and obstructed their way. He then hit her with the garbage bucket and when she objected, he abused her, the girl alleged in her complaint.
The court, however, said the record pointed out that it was an “incident of simple quarrel which cannot be stretched to sexual harassment by any imagination”. The court also noted that as per the chargesheet, the victim and her family members have instituted 14 similar kinds of cases against the accused and other neighbours. Even her parents were facing four cases against them. “In my opinion, simple vague and unspecific allegations made against the accused that he had misbehaved with the victim while giving a blow on her back itself, is not sufficient to invoke the provisions of POCSO Act against him... It was required by the prosecution to show that at the time of alleged quarrel, the accused has committed the offence of sexual harassment and that is also with a specific sexual intent,” the judge said.
The court said that even if the man gave a blow on the minor's back during the quarrel, that act will not amount to showing sexual intent. “Accordingly, after considering the chargesheet, I am of the opinion that no offence under the POCSO Act regarding commission of sexual harassment is made out,” the judge said. The designated POCSO Act court transferred the matter to the court of chief metropolitan magistrate to decide whether any other offence was made out against the man.
Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo and Puerto Rico Gov. Ricardo Rossello urged Congress Monday to pass a $94.4 billion hurricane recovery package aimed at rebuilding the island's battered infrastructure.
“Puerto Rico's at a fork in the road,” Cuomo said at a news conference with Rossello in midtown Manhattan. “We will look back at this time 10 years from now, and if we do it right, we will rebuild a new Puerto Rico. If we do it wrong, it will be years and years and years before Puerto Rico recovers.”
More than $17 billion of the proposed funding would be used to revive and modernize the island's decimated power grid, according to a 108-report Rossello's office released Monday.
The report was compiled by Rossello's administration in consultation with Cuomo's Office of Storm Recovery, the financial consulting firm Deloitte and philanthropic groups including the Ford Foundation and the The Rockefeller Foundation.
Rosello said the island of more than 3 million U.S. citizens was looking for “fair” and “equitable” treatment on par with what other U.S. states receive from the Federal Emergency Management Agency when hit by natural disasters.
“We're not asking more, we're not asking less than other states, we're asking the same treatment that Texas would have gotten or that Florida would have gotten, or California, or the Virgin Islands,” said Rosello.
Cuomo and New York Democratic House members including Reps. Nita Lowey and Nydia Valazquez said relief efforts by Republican President Donald Trump have been slow-moving and insufficient, and noted that swathes of the island still are without power.
“The situation in Puerto Rico is devastating and the way it has been handled is an embarrassment for this nation,” said Cuomo.
Sign up to get the latest updates Get Newsday's Breaking News alerts in your inbox. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
The White House did not immediately respond to a request for comment Monday. On Saturday, FEMA officials announced the agency had spent more than $1 billion on recovery efforts in Puerto Rico since Hurricanes Irma and Maria hit in September.
The money includes more than $259 million in housing assistance to rent, repair or rebuild residences and more than $470 million to municipalities for clean up efforts and to provide emergency generators for hospitals and other critical buildings.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A mum has expressed her horror that the monster who murdered her daughter and two grandchildren is due for a parole hearing just seven years after the massacre.
John Geary, 42, brutally stabbed his former partner Sarah Hines, 25, and their five-month-old daughter Amy to death with knives and a screwdriver in a fit of jealousy after she left him for her childhood sweetheart.
And tragically, Sarah's three-year-old son Reece and her friend Alicia Brough, 20, walked in on the bloody scene and Geary murdered them too.
He then booked into a hotel room and went out drinking.
But Geary is now due to have his first parole board review after serving just seven years of a life sentence for the 2010 massacre, the Irish Mirror reports.
Sarah's horrified mum Abina Ring said: “I was pulling my hair out, I couldn't believe it, couldn't believe they would even think about it.
"It was like dragging it out and going over it all again, just as I was starting to get my head together.”
Geary, from Newcastle West, Co Limerick, pleaded guilty to the four murders and was given four concurrent life terms by Justice Paul Carney in July 2013.
He admitted stabbing his baby daughter and former girlfriend to death ebfore he booked into a hotel and went drinking.
Sarah suffered 21 injuries, including stab wounds to the face, neck and scalp.
The monster also stabbed baby Amy nine times. Alicia and Reece, who had been at the butchers, arrived at the house in Newcastle West, Co Limerick, in the middle of the attack.
Alicia was stabbed between 14 and 16 times.
Reece was attacked with a screwdriver and knife 15 times.
(Image: Press 22 Limerick Ireland +35361204222)
Mrs Ring suffered a heart attack shortly after finding out the gruesome details of the murders.
She said she is terrified Geary will be released on a technicality and revealed how reading the letter from the Parole Board has caused heartache for the family.
She added: “It's going to take a lot more than seven years to feel Sarah, Reece and Amy got any justice. They're the ones who are not breathing, who are not getting justice.
“He might be in prison but he's still living.”
(Image: PA)
Mrs Ring said her family has never completely come to terms with the tragedy and receiving the latest news has reopened old wounds.
She added: “We're like in a mist, it's a mist we haven't come out of yet.”
Mrs Ring believes Geary doesn't feel remorse for his actions, describing him as a predator who used her daughter's kindness to his advantage.
She said: “He just sat there staring, he didn't show any remorse and it ripped my heart apart.
“I have no doubt he would do something like this again if he was given the chance. He is pure evil.”
5 Surprise Romantic Getaways In The USCelebrate Valentine's Day or any other romantic occasion by visiting any of these five American destinations.
America's 5 Best Comfort Food SpotsFive of the nation's traditional and very special places where comfort foods are served. Diners find such menu favorites as steak and potatoes, mac and cheese, burgers and fries, and old fashioned baked pies.
Take A Trip Back In Time To See The BeatlesIn the English city where they were born and rose to fame, tourists can take a trip back in time to meet "The Beatles."
Best Tropical Destinations For Travelers On A BudgetA closer look at five of the best tropical or subtropical destinations in the world for the budget-minded traveler.
Wondering why it looks like WW3 might be breaking out?Full transcript below:Transcript:Sergey Mikheev, top political expert:- Whether Theresa May comprehends the situation, whether she resolves the internal issues, whether she's the person who's being pushed towards this decision, to blow up this scandal, it's a whole different question. However, the fact that the UK and the US share the opinion that Russia basically posts a chemical weapon threat to practically the entire world is truly incredibly disturbing.They've used this thesis about a weapon of mass destruction threat before, and they're using it now.They need to do this to prove that it's not about a particular case, not about some post-Soviet controversies, but the fact that Russia poses a threat, as a nation that's capable of attacking any civilized nation with chemical weapons. They're building up a scheme on the level of a primitive comic book. They need to dilute the brains of regular people and political experts so they accept this comic book as absolute fact. Russia is this Dr. Evil, who's immune to any and all reason. Russia has a different logic; it doesn't care about the election that's a week and a half away, or about the FIFA World Cup in 3 months.I think this scheme...- Maybe, it'll be the next step? Maybe, they'll claim that Russia supplies Syria with chemical weapons.- As far as Syria goes, we've already heard from Salisbury to Damascus; our military has already mentioned the chemical weapon provocation they're preparing near Damascus.so that this situation develops logically,thus taking these sanctions to a whole new level.- A rogue nation.- Right. Besides, they want to take a series of pressure-applying measures which will let them make it extremely hard for Russia to reach the goals Putin spoke of. Obviously, such an operation takes longer than 3 days or a week and a half. Of course, it wasn't like they heard the President's speech and decided to do this.As far as our oligarchs go, who've donated 820,000, or more, they were clearly explained that they shouldn't just waste this money in London restaurants, they must do something way more serious, or nobody knows what might happen to them. Nobody knows what "evil Russia, the evil Kremlin, and evil Putin" would do to them.
New Delhi: Can a financial statement help someone to convince parents to allow drop out from college? Well, some stories are meant to be.
Dell Technologies founder and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) Michael Dell took to micro-blogging site Twitter to share an interesting trivia regarding his decision to drop out of college.
He shared the first financial statement of his company dated July 31, 1984. The statement shows a gross profit of USD 198,367.38 or a 22 percent rise in a single quarter. Dell added that the statement helped him convince his parents to allow him to drop out of college. His tweet has since been retweeted 5431 times and garnered 18,055 likes.
First financial statement for @Dell. The one I used to convince my parents that it was OK for me to not go back to college pic.twitter.com/kKuGDsyvYZ — Michael Dell (@MichaelDell) March 18, 2018
Eventually, Dell dropped out the University of Texas in Austin at the age of 19.
The PC market, which Michael Dell helped shape by founding Dell in 1984 as a University pre-med freshman with USD 1,000 in savings, has remained stagnant due to the popularity of smart phones and tablets, shrinking by 0.2 percent in 2017, according to International Data Corporation.
The company's net loss was USD 440 million, or USD 1.09 per share, in the quarter ended February 2, compared with a profit of USD 441 million, or USD 1.04 per share, a year earlier, mainly due to a tax charge of USD 970 million.
Excluding one-time items, the Palo Alto, California-based company earned USD 1.68 per share, while total revenue rose 13.6 percent to USD 2.31 billion.
Dell's USD 52.5 billion debt pile is expected to become more burdensome this year because the U.S. tax reform enacted a couple of months back caps a company's ability to deduct interest expense to 30 percent of its annual earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation.
First lady Melania Trump waits with President Donald Trump to greet French President Emmanuel Macron and his wife Brigitte Macron during a State Arrival Ceremony on the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, Tuesday, April 24, 2018. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster)
First lady Melania Trump waits with President Donald Trump to greet French President Emmanuel Macron and his wife Brigitte Macron during a State Arrival Ceremony on the South Lawn of the White House in Washington, Tuesday, April 24, 2018. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster)
NEW YORK (AP) - Melania, or more specifically Melania's hat, what were you saying?
The media and the Twitterverse had a big time Tuesday with the first lady's I-spy chapeau, a wide-brim number designed by Herve Pierre that would have been perfect had the sun been out in Washington.
It was a grand topper for Mrs. Trump's bright white Michael Kors suit and some said it stole the show during the South Lawn military pageantry welcoming French President Emmanuel Macron and his wife, Brigitte, during their first official state visit.
Others on the social media sidelines were merely perplexed.
Was the hat more Joan Collins' Alexis Carrington Colby on "Dynasty" or Kerry Washington's Olivia Pope on "Scandal?" Was the grim-faced first lady in theoretical need of help as some asked on Inauguration Day?
Mrs. Trump kept her hat in place as the group moved indoors and also at the National Gallery of Art for a Cezanne break with Mrs. Macron, who wore a creamier shade of white, but no hat.
"Melania's hat for president," one tweeter declared. Others shared the sentiment.
Another chimed in: "Getting some serious Beyonce Formation vibes from Melania's hat this morning." Bey wore a version in black in the video for that hit.
Others on social media stuck to matters of etiquette, like the Twitter account of I'm Every Woman: "Melania's hat might be OK for the races, a runway or even Church, not to wear when greeting visitors when you want to express a warm welcome. You want people to see your eyes and face and not impose an obstacle to the two cheek kiss, a French greeting."
One thing was certain. Mrs. Trump was seriously committed to her hat.
PORT Adelaide has singled out its round seven loss to West Coast in Perth as the wake-up call that put the club's season on track.
The Power has since put in an honesty policy that has the club chasing a top-four finish.
It has won six out of seven games since the hurtful 42-point loss in Western Australia, which prompted a soul-searching session between the players and the coaches, and is fifth on the ladder with a 10-4 record. It is trailing second-placed Collingwood on percentage only.
The loss to West Coast was branded by coach Ken Hinkley as "soft" and made the players take notice.
Defender Riley Bonner said something had clicked after the dissection of the team's efforts in the Eagles game.
Chief among them was bringing out a no-holds-barred honesty policy - and the accountability that led to Darcy Byrne-Jones being dropped for last week's game after being late to training.
"If something isn't done right, we'll say something, and that goes for everybody," Bonner said.
"After the West Coast game we sort of came together.
"We knew that they were on top of the ladder and we had to regroup and see what we did wrong, offensively and defensively.
"We found out in that game that we sort of played as individuals, a little bit. We didn't gel as much as we wanted to.
"It's been really good to see the improvement … it was a massive wake-up call and since then I guess we've shown to the rest of the league that we're hopefully a top-four contender this year."
Bonner, with his raking kick and ability to take the game on, has been a revelation this season.
He had only played a handful of games before coming into this season but hasn't missed a match this year.
Bonner credited another pre-season for the growth in his game.
"I really wanted to cement my spot in the team early," Bonner said. "I came off good form last year and had a good pre-season.
"I just try to keep building each week.
Riley Bonner of the Power and Travis Boak of the Power sing the club song after the round 12 win over the Tigers at Adelaide Oval. Picture: Getty Images
"It was my third pre-season just gone and I've been building on my strength and my endurance."
But Bonner warned St Kilda, which beat Melbourne last weekend in its best game for the year, would be no easybeat.
Just as Carlton - another struggler - challenged Port Adelaide in Melbourne last weekend, the Saints had the ability to match it with the top sides on their day.
"They have come very good; they obviously beat Melbourne on the weekend who we played a really good game with them a couple of weeks ago.
"It's another opportunity to show everyone what credentials we might deserve or might not deserve.
"But St Kilda are dangerous when they come to play, the same as Carlton were."
Watch every match of every round of the 2018 Toyota AFL Premiership Season. SIGN UP NOW >
TOPEKA – Governor Sam Brownback and Topeka Mayor Larry Wolgast Friday, April 14, asked Attorney General Derek Schmidt to examine the financial structure of St. Francis Hospital of Topeka.
Following a joint meeting late Friday afternoon between Governor Brownback, Attorney General Schmidt, and St. Francis medical personnel, Attorney General Schmidt confirmed he will launch an inquiry aimed at ensuring the charitable assets of St. Francis remain in Kansas.
The hospital's parent company maintains over $2 billion dollars in assets, yet is seeking to “divest” St. Francis, possibly leading to its closure. The Kansas roots of St. Francis trace back to 1858 and the founding of Sisters of Charity of Leavenworth which remains organized as a non-profit corporation under the laws of the State of Kansas. The actions by Governor Brownback and Attorney General Schmidt seek to protect Kansas-based charitable assets from being improperly transferred from the state leading to the closure of St. Francis.
“St. Francis has benefitted from its status as a Kansas charity for many years, and it is important to make certain that such charitable assets are properly managed and remain in Kansas,” said Governor Brownback. “The charitable assets should stay here for the benefit of Kansans, to serve their stated mission of improving the health of those who are poor and vulnerable. Northeast Kansas needs the medical services St. Francis provides.”
The office of the Attorney General has the authority to safeguard Kansas charities.
“Any decision by its out-of-state owners that would fail to maintain full operations of Saint Francis Hospital would be deeply troubling,” Schmidt said. “The absence of meaningful consultation with local leaders compounds the concern, particularly in light of the considerable benefits the people of Kansas have bestowed on this charitable operation over the years.”
Topeka Mayor Larry Wolgast emphasized the importance of St. Francis to the health and economy of Topeka and surrounding communities.
“I share Governor Brownback and the Attorney General's deep concern that the charitable assets of St. Francis Hospital, a hospital that met the health care needs of our community for so long, will be improperly removed from the people it serves,” Wolgast said. “I welcome the action the Attorney General is taking. St. Francis has been a vital part of this city and northeast Kansas for 159 years and has benefited by the non-profit status the citizens of Kansas granted.”
Washington: Defene Secretary James Mattis has asserted that the US' freedom of navigation exercise in the South China Sea which evoked strong protests from China would not be paused as it was being carried out as part of a strategy.
"This (Freedom of Navigation exercise) is our policy. We will continue this," Mattis told lawmakers during a Congressional hearing yesterday.
"Could it change if circumstances change...Of course, but right now Secretary (of State, Rex) Tillerson and I give him the military factors -- and we're in league together on this, so I don't think anything is going to change," he said in response to a question.
The US last month sent a navy warship near an artificial island in the disputed South China Sea as part of the first "freedom of navigation" operation under President Donald Trump, prompting the Chinese government to say that the "provocative action" violated its sovereignty.
The guided-missile destroyer, USS Dewey, conducted a patrol within 20 kilometres of Mischeef Reef, part of the Spratly Islands over which several countries, including China, have competing claims.
Mattis said when he came to the Pentagon, he received, from the chairman Joint Chiefs of Staff a recommendation to conduct Freedom of Navigation Operation in the South China Sea.
"I was the one who rejected it and I said I want to see the plan for how we do this, not each one of them coming up as a stand alone. I wanted to see a strategy. He provided that on very short notice," Mattis said.
"I authorised the Freedom of Navigation -- those voyages to continue and get underway and that's what you saw was the first. Now there's a programme inside a coherent strategy that support Secretary Tillerson's view of foreign policy, engaging in that part of the world," Mattis said.
He made the remarks while responding to a question over the United States Navy not conducting Freedom of Navigation Operations in the South China Sea for more than six months from October 2016 to May 2017.
"I'm glad that we've resumed them, but I worry about fits and starts and what kind of signaling that sends about our resolve as China continues to violate and challenge international law," said Senator Brian Schatz.
The Defense Secretary also told Senators that the US is currently seeking assistance from China on the North Korea issue.
"Right now, I think we are seeing assistance from China in dealing with this growing issue," he said.
"The military options are uniformly very, very tough. They're very serious and the effort right now, led by secretary of State Tillerson, under the president's direction, is to find a diplomatic solution, if there is anything along those lines possible. And it's full effort on this by all the interagency working with Secretary Tillerson," he said.
Life-Sized R/C Car
Stands to reason that if we grow up, then our toys should too. William Foster seems to think so, and hacked an old car to respond to a controller, essentially creating a giant version of a toy R/C car. The car he's using looks like it's about to fall apart (which I guess makes sense based on what it's being used for), but it still looks pretty fun to drive. I'm more than a little surprised that Foster is comfortable actually riding inside his creation though.
After watching the video, all I can think about is how cool it would be to gather 4-6 of these cars, build a giant ball, and have a real-life Rocket League match. Without the flying part of the game of course.
Two Hands are Better than One
Admittedly, these hands respond pretty slowly, but the baseline for controlling two bionic hands with one human hand is there and that's pretty cool. Depending on how fast the user moves their fingers, the bionic hands know to either grab something in one motion, or slowly curl each finger into a fist.
The hands were designed by an Italian start-up called Youbionic. It's fascinating to watch their YouTube channel. There's currently 34 videos and each ranges from 30 seconds to 4 minutes. They go back 3 years and detail the slow process of building this arm augment, from initial finger test prototype to the video above.
Make: Gift Guide 2017
If you're still unsure about what to buy for a gift this year, check out our Gift Guide. We're constantly updating it with new ideas, so it's best to check the guide again if it's been awhile since last you've looked it over.
Courtesy Photo | Howard Bromberg, Vice President and Deputy, Strategy and Business Development, Air and...... read more Courtesy Photo | Howard Bromberg, Vice President and Deputy, Strategy and Business Development, Air and Missile Defense, Lockheed Martin, Vice Adm. James D. Syring, Director, Missile Defense Agency, Brig. Gen. Adel Al Hafez, Commander, Kuwait Air Defense Forces, and Maj. Gen. Blake C. Ortner, 29th Infantry Division Commanding General conclude a panel discussion at the Kuwait International Air Power and Defense Symposium March 27, 2017 at the Regency Hotel, Kuwait City, Kuwait. KIAPADS was held in commemoration of the Liberation of Kuwait. (Photo by U.S. Army Capt. Christy Hanson, 29th Infantry Division PAO) see less | View Image Page
KUWAIT CITY, KUWAIT – Maj. Gen. Blake C. Ortner, 29th Infantry Division Commanding General, was a key leader speaker at the Kuwait International Air Power and Defense Symposium held on March 27, 2017. Ortner spoke on the topic of key imperatives and objectives for a unified mission command in Integrated Air and Missile Defense (IAMD).
SEGMA, an Aerospace company which coordinated the event, held the symposium to focus on air power and air defense. The symposium was held in honor of the Kuwait Ministry of Defense and in commemoration of the 1991 Liberation of Kuwait.
“Our successful combined IAMD execution is not just what our systems can do, but how we integrate and successfully employ them to defend the Arabian Gulf,” said Maj. Gen. Blake Ortner. “Through combined multi-national exercises, we can improve academics, tactics and strengthen the collective defense.”
Key leaders and members participated from the following organizations: Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Defense, the Kuwait Air Force, the Kuwait Army's General Staff Headquarters, the Saudi Air Force, the Pakistani Air Force, the Bahraini Air Force, the Jordanian Air Force, the French Air Force, the U.S. Army 32nd Army Air Missile and Defense Command, U.S. Air Forces Central Command, the 29th Infantry Division, Lockheed Martin and Boeing Airborne Surveillance Command and Control.
The symposium captured Gulf Region capabilities and strengthened international relationships between the participants.
Laura B. Runowicz, 94, passed away from us peacefully at the Summit in Southington, on Saturday, May 19, 2018. She was born March 9, 1924 in Middleborough, MA to Blanche (Grzywa) and Walter Maciejewski. She is now happily reunited with her husband of 66 years, Edward Runowicz.
Laura was a woman ahead of her time. Barely out of high school, she left her family home in Lowell, MA, and went to work in Washington, D.C., at the Navy Department during World War II. Later, after leaving California, where Edward had been serving his country in the United States Navy, and relocating to Naugatuck, CT, she worked many years at the Traveler's Insurance Company in Hartford, all while raising five children.
Laura lived with a song in her heart. She was always singing. In addition to singing with the choir at St. Mary's Church in Naugatuck for some thirty years, she also sang with the choir at Traveler's and performed at the Bushnell Theater. In retirement, she continued to sing with the Choraleers at the Orchards for the past thirteen years.
The last of her generation, Laura was predeceased by Edward, by her parents, her sister Helen and her husband Joseph Piecewicz, by her brother, Walter Maciejewski and his wife Steffi, and by her baby brother Edward and his wife Jeannie.
Laura is survived by her son Michael and his wife Marie of Cheshire, CT and their two sons, Bradley and Robert; by her son Lawrence of Cromwell, CT and his son Eric and his daughter Alyssa Domingos and her husband Michael; by her daughter Donna Cordeau and her husband Thomas of Goshen, CT and their three children, daughter Danielle and sons Douglas and his wife Lizzie and daughter Zoe, and Matthew and his wife Ashley; by her son David and his wife Donna of Snellville, GA and their daughter India Dover and her husband Adam and their two children, Ava and Cooper; and by her son Matthew and his wife Kellie of New Hartford and their two children, daughter Skylar and son Dane. We all will miss her.
A Memorial Mass will be held at the convenience of the family. There are no calling hours. Arrangements will be handled by the DellaVecchia Funeral Home, 211 N. Main St., Southington. However, the family wants to thank the staff at the Orchards in Southington where she lived for last thirteen years for all the care and attention that they provided to her. We would also thank the staff at the Summit where Laura spent the last three months. In particular, the family wants to acknowledge Laura's roommate, Bettie Eddy, at the Summit. We are extremely grateful for the concern she had for Laura and the assistance she provided to her during this difficult time. Bettie was a wonderful, thoughtful roommate, and we cannot thank her enough.
For online condolences, please visit www.dellavecchiafh.com
A file photo of minister of state for civil aviation Jayant Sinha. Civil aviation ministry has written to the finance ministry seeking deferral of the GST implementation by two months. Photo: Hindustan Times
New Delhi: The civil aviation ministry has sought postponement of the GST implementation by two months on the ground that airlines need more time to revamp their systems to comply with the new tax regime. The goods and services tax (GST) is scheduled to be rolled out from 1 July and preparations are at an advanced stage.
Against this backdrop, the ministry has written to the finance ministry seeking deferral of the GST implementation by two months.
According to a senior ministry official, the deferment has been sought as airlines are not yet ready with their systems to be in compliance with GST.
Carriers, including Air India, have expressed concern over certain aspects of GST. Airline officials said making changes in the global ticket distribution system to ensure compliance with GST would take time. Lack of clarity on certain areas pertaining to airlines business has also given rise to concerns of higher operational cost.
Among others, airlines are in a fix over the possibility of movement of “stocks (equipment or aircraft parts)” being taxed under GST.
On Wednesday, minister of state for civil aviation Jayant Sinha chaired a meeting on GST preparedness with various aviation industry stakeholders, including airlines, airports and cargo. Earlier this week, the finance ministry said GST is on track for scheduled implementation from 1 July and pushed back against rumours of a delay.
“The rumours about GST implementation being delayed are false. Please do not be misled by it,” Revenue Secretary Hasmukh Adhia had said.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A 17-year-old girl found love with a 44-year-old dad-of-three older than her own father after dumping her boyfriend and looking for friendship online.
Avalon Garvey, now 19, from Bradford, West Yorkshire, has been in a long-distance relationship with Doug Traser - who is 27 years her senior - for two years.
The pair met on an online dating website in 2016 and immediately hit it off.
Doug, from San Francisco, California, travelled to the UK to meet Avalon after being upfront about his age from day one.
The then 44-year-old immediately confessed to having three grown-up children from two previous marriages.
(Image: Facebook)
Now the couple meet every other month, with Avalon flying to California and Doug to the UK, the Sun reports.
Describing their sex life, Avalon said: "When we are together it is extravagant, it is good.
"He knows what he is doing, I am happy."
She said it was love at first sight and the couple had sex on their first meeting.
(Image: Facebook)
Two years on and now a first-year student at the University of York, Avalon has taken Doug on a night out with her university friends and introduced her to her mum.
According to the teen, she ended a "rocky" relationship with an ex of the same age when she started talking to her older man.
And she says she has never looked back.
(Image: Barcroft Media)
Age is also just a number for teenager Gary Hardwick who said it was love at first sight when he saw a grandmother 53 years older than him two years ago.
Almeda, then 71, and Gary Hardwick, then 17, briefly met two summers ago at her son Robert's funeral after he tragically died of a seizure aged 45.
But the couple did not get together properly until two months later when Robert's widow Lisa invited them both along to a family meal at a nearby Chuck E Cheese's pizza restaurant.
(Image: Barcroft Media)
Gary had just broken up with another woman aged 77, and admits he knew Almeda was 'the one' as soon as he locked eyes with the grandmother-of-six.
Two weeks into their whirlwind romance, Gary popped the question and they tied the knot just six days later.
"The first time we made love was on our wedding night, he said.
"It was an amazing experience. There was such a deep connection there. She's a wonderful lover."
A rendering of the design for the proposed development at 263 Bedford Euless Road in Hurst. Photo courtesy of Gardner Capital.
Byron Shire Council said the revised parking time limits will not affect paid parking or the use of e-permits.
Byron Shire Council said the revised parking time limits will not affect paid parking or the use of e-permits. Christian Morrow
RESIDENTS and workers beware, changes to parking time limits in Byron Bay will be in effect from Monday March 26.
The parking time limits in both the north and south Lawson Street Carparks will change from all day to four hour parking spaces.
The designated space for those requiring all day parking will now be in the Butler Street Reserve, and the council will be monitoring this change carefully.
Byron Council's Director of Infrastructure Services Phil Holloway said the changes are designed to improve the flow of traffic and increase access to parking spaces.
"We also want to make sure our community is aware of these changes so that they don't get caught off guard and end up with an unnecessary fine,” Mr Holloway said.
Summary of changes to parking time limits in Byron Bay:
Free Parking - Butler St Reserve and the northern side of Somerset St.
- Butler St Reserve and the northern side of Somerset St. No time limit - part of Shirley, Wordsworth and Butler St.
- part of Shirley, Wordsworth and Butler St. 4P car parks - Lawson St north and south
- Lawson St north and south 4P residential parking permits - Carlyle St and Cowper St.
- Carlyle St and Cowper St. 2P - Fletcher St (eastern side only) and Jonson St between Carlyle and Kingsley Sts.
- Fletcher St (eastern side only) and Jonson St between Carlyle and Kingsley Sts. 1P - Byron St
The council is urging residents and workers to be aware of the changes that may directly affect them.
"Once these new parking schemes are in place, we will be monitoring and reviewing their effectiveness and reporting the results back to Council by June 2019.
"Please double-check the signage when you're parking in Byron Bay or any of our villages. Make yourself familiar with the new parking restrictions and signage so you're not caught off guard and to avoid a fine,” Mr Holloway said.
The council assured the new parking schemes will not affect Pay Parking or the use of E-Permits in any way.
The council's compliance officers will be active across the shire in coming weeks to inform and educate people about the new time restrictions.
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this Pause
1:24 Tony Romo says he showed he can be the same guy
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America's Team?
3:10 2005 Cross Plains fire changed town, and volunteer fire department
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
4:04 Talkin' Cowboys: Clarence Hill and Charean Williams on the finale
1:35 Police Athletic League starts boxing program
1:34 Introducing North Texas students to aviation careers
1:38 The pool at Joe T. Garcia's has a deep history
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Georgia 'Toff' Toffolo revealed she's looking forward to a wild night out with Piers Morgan's son Spencer when she returns to the UK following her I'm A Celebrity win.
Still wearing her winner's flower crown, giddy Toff was all smiles as she spoke to Piers Morgan and Susanna Reid on Monday's Good Morning Britain, live from the Versace hotel pool.
Dressed in an off the shoulder pink gingham blouse, Toff said she was feeling 'overwhelmed' by her victory.
She then got even more excited when Piers told her his son Spencer wanted to ask her out on a date.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
Toff has been good mates with Piers' boy for the last seven years and the pair go clubbing 'five times a week.'
"Your son and I have had some of the most belting nights out," she told the host.
"It was lovely to have a detox but I've missed it," Todd added.
Piers has already chatted to Toff's mum to suggest the pair have an arranged marriage - so they've already won the parents' approval.
(Image: ITV)
"I've chatted to Spencer and he's very happy to progress things," Piers told her.
"I have to call your son a few times before he answers!" joked Toff - who is currently single after splitting with boyfriend James Middleton days before she jetted to Oz.
(Image: piersmorgan/Twitter)
Piers then said Spencer was especially keen to take Toff out after hearing she's set to bank £5million from her I'm A Celeb win.
However, Toff laughed off the suggestion saying: "The first thing I said when I came out is 'Mum I haven't paid my rent.'
"I haven't had that pay day yet," she said.
Despite winning the whole show, the Made In Chelsea star was reported to be the lowest paid celebrity in the jungle - pocketing £13,000 from her appearance.
(Image: Facebook)
The 2017 champ then revealed she fancied trying her hand at Breakfast TV.
"I want to do what you do," she told the hosts.
"I can make that happen," Piers told her - and Susannah agreed she'd love to sit next to Toff every morning.
Susannah hailed her a 'feminist hero.'
"I hope I can use this to help and do good" said Toff, adding "There are so many worthy causes i want to get involved with.
"You were a really worthy winner you can do whatever you like," Piers told her.
(Image: Splash News)
(Image: Splash News)
Earlier in the day, Toff and her mum returned to the plush Palazzo hotel for some much-needed relaxation after she stormed to victory last night.
"I can't believe it. I don't know what to say," she told her adoring crowd.
"You're Queen of the Jungle! " a fan shouted at her to which a stunned Toff replied: "I just can't believe it."
Her biggest fan Stanley Johnson watched adoringly from the front of the crowd and rushed to give her a big hug and a kiss on the cheek when she gave him a shout out during her speech.
(Image: Splash News)
(Image: Splash News)
(Image: Splash News)
Where do I'm A Celebrity stars stay when they leave the jungle? Take a sneak peek inside the luxury Palazzo Versace hotel
And their unlikely friendship is set to continue as Toff is now tipped to become a Conservative MP.
The reality TV starlet could be taking her career in a whole new direction, using her new Tory contacts to get her started.
"Georgia would be a perfect candidate for the Parliament as she is young, vibrant face of the future," an insider told the Daily Star.
"She has the full package - intellect, charm, looks," the source added.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
In between filming for Made In Chelsea, Toff works for Tory think tank Parliament Street.
Boss Patrick Sullivan said her I'm A Celeb experience will come in very handy for the budding politician.
"Given the US president got his start on reality TV, we think the sky's the limit for Georgia," said Patrick.
Last night Toff was crowned queen of the jungle after triumphing in the ITV show I'm A Celeb.
(Image: ITV)
She had been odds-on bookmakers favourite to win for over a week after wowing viewers with her bravery in trials and constant positivity and happiness in camp.
Toff, 22, became the third woman to win the series in a row – following Scarlett Moffat and Vicky Pattison – and beat third-placed Radio DJ Iain Lee and soap actor Jamie Lomas in the final.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
After being announced as the winner, Toff, 22, stood open mouthed for 30 seconds unable to speak.
She said: “I don't know what to say, obviously I am shocked I didn't think anyone would like me. “I am really taken aback, it is really overwhelming. Wow. Is this real?
“It is a dream, I have watched this since I was a little girl.”
She was given her crown by previous winner Scarlett Moffatt who praised her for "doing it for the girls".
(Image: ITV)
Toff said her cheeks hurt from three weeks of smiling trying to keep her camp mates happy. “If you don't stay positive you wouldn't enjoy yourself,” she explained.
On her experience she added: “It is so surreal, I loved it in there so much. I loved every second, I didn't even mind cleaning the dunny. Nothing can prepare you for it.”
Referring to her trials, she added: “I didn't think I had the strength to do what I have done in here, I don't know where it has come from. I had to go out and prove girls could do it.”
MILAN (AP) — Napoli is struggling without Lorenzo Insigne and was held to a goalless draw by Fiorentina in Serie A on Sunday.
Maurizio Sarri's team could have gone back top of the league but it remained second, a point behind Inter Milan and one above Juventus after those two sides drew 0-0 on Saturday.
All of the top four teams failed to score this weekend. Roma remained five points behind Inter as it was also held to a 0-0 draw, at Chievo Verona.
AC Milan got its first league win since Nov. 5 and its first under new coach Gennaro Gattuso as it beat Bologna 2-1.
Napoli knew a victory over Fiorentina would see it reclaim top spot but it was coming off the back of successive defeats to Juventus and Feyenoord, the latter of which saw it eliminated from the Champions League.
“Today I didn't see the same attacking problems we had in Rotterdam,” Sarri said. “We had a bit of a nervy first half but then we created chances … we just lacked the finishing touch but we'll get back to scoring.
“We looked good tonight and, if we had won 1-0, everyone would be talking about Napoli being back. We had a good tempo, we passed the ball quickly, moved well, we were better than in previous matches … I don't know if we'll have Insigne back for the next match, we're evaluating the situation day by day.”
Insigne limped out of the Juventus match with a groin injury and Napoli had been struggling for goals since.
Fiorentina had the best chances in the first half and should have scored five minutes from the break but Napoli goalkeeper Pepe Reina kept out Giovanni Simeone's effort after he had been sent clear by Cyril Thereau.
Napoli upped the pressure in the second half and Piotr Zielinski should have scored but he fired over the bar from close range.
Zielinski went even closer in the 55th but Fiorentina goalkeeper Marco Sportiello turned his effort onto the left post.
Napoli laid siege to Fiorentina's goal but could not find the strike that would have sent it back to the top of the table.
___
GOALKEEPER HEROICS
Roma was thwarted by the heroics of Chievo goalkeeper Stefano Sorrentino and some wayward finishing.
Sorrentino had a point to prove after allowing five goals against Inter Milan last week and he pulled off a number of brilliant saves.
The 38-year-old displayed remarkable reflexes midway through the first period to deny first Patrik Schick and then immediately parry Gerson's follow-up.
Sorrentino did even better eight minutes from time as Schick's effort took a huge deflection and the goalkeeper was already falling the other way, but stuck out his trailing foot to prevent a late winner.
“All the craziness that's inside me came out,” Sorrentino said. “My mother and her family are all huge Roma fans and she came from Turin to come and see the match. Today she was supporting me but she says that if you cut her she bleeds red and yellow (the Roma colors) and not just red.”
Roma was also denied on other opportunities while Edin Dzeko volleyed over from close range late on.
Chievo's best chance came early when Roberto Inglese hit the crossbar.
___
MILAN RECOVERY
Giacomo Bonaventura netted two goals to help Milan recover from last week's shock draw at Benevento.
Bologna was level with Milan on 21 points going into the match at San Siro but it was the Rossoneri who took the lead in the 10th minute when Nikola Kalinic headed down Ignazio Abate's ball for Bonaventura to fire home.
It was Milan's first league goal at home since Sept. 20.
Simone Verdi leveled 13 minutes later but Bonaventura doubled his tally with a header 14 minutes from time.
___
OTHER MATCHES
There was no repeat of last week's joy for Benevento as it lost 2-0 at Udinese.
Benevento had picked up its first-ever point in Serie A with a draw against Milan, but Antonin Barak and Kevin Lasagna scored in the first half to help Udinese move seven points away from the relegation zone.
Elsewhere, two goals in the final four minutes, including an equalizer from the penalty spot, saw Spal come back to draw against Hellas Verona 2-2 in a relegation fight.
Only one point separates the two sides in the bottom three.
Sassuolo forward Alessandro Matri had a late penalty saved but his team still beat Crotone 2-1.
___
More AP Serie A coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/SerieA
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
New Delhi: Himachal Pradesh opener Prashant Chopra cracked an unbeaten 271 while veteran Paras Dogra remained undefeated on 99 to help the hill state reach a mammoth 459/2 against Punjab on the opening day of the Ranji Trophy 2017-18 Group D match at the Himachal Pradesh Cricket Association Stadium in Dharamsala on Friday.
Chopra blasted 37 boundaries besides hitting a sixer in his 289-ball effort as Himachal also rode on skipper Sumeet Verma`s 120-ball 79 to decimate Punjab on a pitch that assisted the pace bowlers earlier in the day.
Meanwhile, in Group A, India pacer Ishant Sharma shone with the ball to help Delhi restrict Assam to 224/7 on the opening day of their Ranji clash at the Feroz Shah Kotla here.
Ishant returned with figures of (3/31) after Delhi opted to field after winning the toss.
For Assam, skipper Gokul Sharma (51) and Swarupam Purkayastha (57 not out) were the main contributors as the top order comprising the likes of Pallavkumar Das (18), Rishav Das (14) and Sibsankar Roy (11) failed to capitalise on their starts.
At stumps, pacer Abu Nechim Ahmed was unbeaten on a 28-ball 27 along with Purkayastha.
Delhi skipper Ishant was complemented well by his new ball partner Navdeep Saini (1/39), pacer Kulwant Khejroliya (1/46) and off-spin duo of Pulkit Narang (1/39) and Nitish Rana (1/23).
In other Group A matches, the Railways were bundled out for a paltry 182 before Uttar Pradesh ended the day on 9/0 at the Ekana International Cricket Stadium in Lucknow.
Electing to bat, Ashish Yadav top-scored for the Railways with a patient 53 before the UP bowlers led by Ankit Rajpoot (3/30), Zeeshan Ansari (3/78) broke the backbone of the visitors` line-up. Skipper Suresh Raina also contributed with two wickets with his gentle off-spin.
In the third match of the group, rains forced abandonment of the first day`s play between Hyderabad and Maharashtra at the Gymkhana Ground in Hyderabad.
In Group B, half centuries from Prerak Mankad (68) and wicketkeeper-bat Sheldon Jackson (51) lifted Saurashtra to 271/7 at the end of the first day`s play against Haryana.
Pacer Ashish Hooda (4/59) shone with the cherry for the hosts at the Chaudhary Bansi Lal Cricket Stadium at Lahli.
In another Group B tie, Kerala off-spinner Jalaj Saxena (6/50) decimated Jharkhand`s batting to restrict them to 200/9 at the stumps on the opening day at the Greenfield International Stadium in Thiruvananthapuram.
Wicket-keeper Ishan Kishan provided some resistance with the willow, scoring a 100-ball 45 for the visitors.
In the other match of the group, Robin Bist`s (105) brilliant century provided the momentum for Rajasthan to score 249/4 against Jammu and Kashmir at the Sawai Mansingh Stadium in Jaipur.
For the hosts, Ashok Menaria (69) and opener Amitkumar Gautam (51) also contributed with classy half tons.
In Group C, skipper Devendra Bundela missed his 27th first class ton by just one run but helped Madhya Pradesh to a comfortable 268/5 at stumps against Baroda at the Holkar Cricket Stadium in Indore.
Shubham Sharma (88 not out) was at the crease when the bails were dislodged for the day.
The first day`s play of the Group C match between Odisha and Tripura was washed out without a single ball being bowled at the Vikas Cricket Ground in Cuttack.
In another Group C tie at the MA Chidambaram Stadium in Chennai, the star-studded Tamil Nadu side folded for a paltry 176 against Andhra Pradesh before the visitors reached 8/0 at stumps.
Baba Aparajith was the top scorer for the hosts with a valiant 137-ball 51 as Andhra`s duo fo Bhargav Bhatt (4/52) and Prithvi Raj (3/39) ripped apart the Tamil Nadu batting.
In Group D, skipper Mohammed Kaif`s patient 129-ball unbeaten 49 helped Chhattisgarh reach 189/5 at stumps on day 1 against Goa at Porvorim. Wicket-keeper Manoj Singh was unbeaten on 31 when the bails were removed for the day.
In another Group D tie, Bengal rode on Sudip Chatterjee`s unbeaten 114 to score a healthy 341/3 at stumps against the Services at the Palam A Stadium here.
For the tourists, the opening duo of Abhimanyu Easwaran (65) and Abhishek Raman (40) gave a flying start before Chatterjee and skipper Manoj Tiwary (69) stamped their authority in the match.
At stumps, India Test keeper Wriddhiman Saha (32 not out) was at the crease with Chatterjee.
Illinois Gubernatorial Candidates Carry Political Baggage In Illinois, two very rich men vying for their parties' gubernatorial nominations are dominating the conversation, and it's not necessarily to their benefit.
When A Full-Time Job Isn't Enough To Make It
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ilana Kohn/Ikon Images/Getty Images Ilana Kohn/Ikon Images/Getty Images
A new NPR/Marist poll finds that 1 in 5 jobs in America is held by a worker under contract. Within a decade, contractors and freelancers could make up half of the American workforce. In a series, NPR explores many aspects of this change.
After working full time at a museum, Emily Doherty does something millions of Americans do each day: head to a second job. In her case, it means donning a petticoat to portray a Colonial-era woman at living-history museums or national parks, where she sings and play-acts.
The 28-year-old needs the extra work so she can make ends meet, plus pay her $500-per-month student loan payment. Doherty is among the 30 percent of Americans who do something else for pay in addition to their full-time jobs, according to a recent NPR/Marist poll.
"I'd like to own a house someday," says Doherty, who lives in Virginia. "The only way I'm going to be able to do that is if I work two jobs."
Indeed, student loan debt has been mounting and totals nearly $1.4 trillion, according to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.
Doherty's second job means she barely has any time for herself or her friends on weeknights or even weekends. But it lets her chip away at her debt.
The emotional cost is high. Each day, she gets off from her day job around 5 p.m. and rushes home to heat up dinner and change into her costume. Then, she works as many as four hours. She hits bed around 11, and does it again the next day. And on weekends, her performances can last another eight hours.
All that extra work has meant missing weddings or sharing an evening beer with a friend, she says. "You start losing your support system, which is one of the most incredibly important things you can have if you're working this much," she says.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Fred Blystone/Meadow and Stars LLC Fred Blystone/Meadow and Stars LLC
That can affect people's personal well-being and also their family life, says Susan Lambert, an associate professor at the University of Chicago's School of Social Service Administration.
"Often, they are faced with that very hard decision of whether they take on another job, or they spend time at home having dinner with their children," she says.
Straddling that delicate balance can be a challenge for people like Jon Jacobs, 31, who has two small children and works full-time as a substance addiction therapist in Milwaukee. He also has student loans, for graduate school. Jacobs had a second job as a bartender for years, but he switched to driving for Lyft a year ago because of the flexibility it offered.
"I just decided eventually it just really wasn't worth it," he says. "It didn't line up with our life goals, and who I wanted to be as a parent. I can see the difference, especially with my son who's almost two (and says), 'Daddy's home at night.' "
Jacobs makes less money than he did bartend, but he says the small financial sacrifice is worth it so he can spend more time with his kids.
But earning less is not a choice for Doherty, the museum worker: She faces that student loan payment every month. "I fully expect my federal loans to not be paid back before I die," she says.
Like many moonlighters NPR spoke to, Doherty says she's working toward financial peace of mind.
"I hope that in the future, I am able to come to a place where I am financially stable enough to do just what drives me, and what makes me happy," she says.
And what would make her really happy is seeing her family back in Maine. She hasn't seen them in three years. She's saving up — bit by bit — for a plane ticket home this summer to watch her younger sister perform in a local play.
The 2017-2018 Lakers exceeded expectations, winning 35 games with a makeshift lineup that included two rookies, two players on one-year deals, and an injury that forced Brandon Ingram to miss 23 games.
Toss in one of those rookies, Lonzo Ball, missing 30 games, a mid-season trade that gutted two key rotation players – Larry Nance and Jordan Clarkson – and it's actually a shocker the Lakers topped their Vegas win total to finish 11th in the West.
Reminder: Three Lakers tied for the scoring at 16.1 ppg, and one of them was the 27th pick in the 2017 draft, Kyle Kuzma.
All of this is why I think the Lakers will win 50+ games next season with LeBron leading the way. Now, let's get this out of the way first: LeBron cannot play 82 games like he did last year; LeBron cannot lead the NBA in minutes per game like he did last season. He turns 34 in December.
LeBron should go into the season with the mindset he plays the fewest minutes per game of his career (31-32 would be ideal) and he's going to have to probably miss a dozen games to rest, as well.
The Lakers roster of role players, as presently constituted, is similar to what the Rockets had last year: Flexible 2-way wings who are in the 6-foot-4 to 6-foot-9 range and can defend multiple positions. As of now, Josh Hart, Lonzo Ball, Kyle Kuzma, Brandon Ingram, and Lance Stephenson all fit that description.
Obviously the big weakness there is the 3-point shooting of Ball (30 percent) and Stephenson (29 percent). It's difficult to imagine a scenario where they are on the court together.
Adding Rajon Rondo is a defensive play; he still can't shoot, but let's remember, he can be a big postseason factor. In the surprising sweep of Portland, he played 35 minutes per game, averaged 11.3 ppg, 13.3 apg, and 7.5 rpg. Nobody gets excited, but he also made 8-of-19 three's. Two years ago, he led 8th seeded Chicago to a stunning 2-0 lead over Boston. Then he got hurt, and the Bulls didn't win another game.
I'd envision a lineup like this:
G Lonzo/Rondo
G KCP/Hart
F Ingram/Stephenson
F LeBron/Kuzma
C JaVale/Zubac/Wagner
The Lakers probably spend the first month tinkering with lineups – can't play Lonzo and Rondo; can't play Rondo and Lance; hey Kuzma, how do you like defending the 5 in a small ball lineup? – but while having LeBron on your team automatically makes you a contender, nobody really thinks they can take down the Warriors in the playoffs.
LA's depth chart, on paper, is not tremendous, but let's remember – Portland, Oklahoma City, Utah, New Orleans, San Antonio and Minnesota each won between 49-47 games.
How will Portland react after a first round sweep? After OKC dumps Melo, will Westbrook change his style of play? The Jazz are the team to watch if Rudy Gobert stays healthy and Donovan Mitchell doesn't have a sophomore slump. The Pelicans lost 25-13 from DeMarcus Cousins, and replaced him with Julius Randle, who is in a prove-it season, if he wants to get paid. The Spurs are very old, and nobody knows what will happen with Kawhi Leonard. The Timberwolves have internal issues that must be ironed out.
Point is, after the Warriors and Rockets, it's a logjam, as everyone has lingering questions. The Nuggets will be in the mix again, and the Mavericks and Suns will be improved.
If the Lakers get Kawhi, and don't have to gut their roster to do so, 60 wins will be within reach.
Transfers [La Repubblica] | Italian media say Juventus first goal in the current transfer market is Paulinho, the Italian club is willing to pay 40 million euros for Paulinho. pic.twitter.com/KB7mYcewaG
England manager Gareth Southgate (right) and his Colombia counterpart Jose Pekerman console Mateus Uribe after the penalty shootout on Tuesday. Photo: Reuters
Bengaluru: When England captain Harry Kane peeled away from his Colombian marker Wilmar Barrios and earned a penalty, as he wheeled into open space to receive the ball from a corner kick, it was by design, not chance. This was the third penalty Kane converted and the fifth goal for England from set pieces in this World Cup, which is already more than what they achieved in the previous three World Cups combined.
A set piece play, usually from a corner kick or a free kick that can put the ball into the penalty box, is something players and their managers can plan in advance. But these moves have become predictable. Recent innovations in football have come mainly in the flow of the game, such as in the Spanish tiki-taka to hog ball possession.
England manager Gareth Southgate decided it was easier to make an impact with strategies and drills for the unsexy set pieces that had become routine for other managers. Instead of relying only on moves that had worked in the past, however, Southgate crossed the blue ocean to basketball territory in the US. He spent time with the NBA's Minnesota Timberwolves, learning how positioning and moves are used in basketball to create space for an attacker to shoot a basket. The best illustration of applying this in the Fifa World Cup came in England's 6-1 thrashing of Panama.
Two English players moved backwards in the penalty box, drawing their markers with them, as a corner kick was taken. Another attacker moved forward as if to head the ball, with three defenders in tow, but it was a dummy. The ball was actually aimed for the space that opened in the middle of these three attackers moving outwards. John Stones stole into that space from the top of the box to head home the goal, even as another English player “screened” his marker to give him free play.
So, watch out every time England gets a corner or free kick near the box when they go up against Sweden in the quarter-finals on Saturday. But here's the caveat. It's one thing to zap Tunisia, Panama, and Colombia with set pieces. Against a dour, defensive, European side like Sweden, it will be harder. The Swedish manager, Janne Andersson, doesn't care if his team doesn't get written about for smart plays or superstars. He just wants to win, not entertain.
It's the Brazilian manager Tite who spends most of his time at media appearances answering questions about Neymar, the top-ranked footballer left in the tournament after the exits of Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo. But the bigger reason Brazil have done so well so far is really its defence, which has let in a solitary goal in the opening game with Switzerland.
While England's Southgate went to the NBA in America, Tite spent a year with European football clubs to understand how to build up the Brazilian defence. This solidity at the back now frees up the Ginga of Neymar, who impressed in the win over Mexico not only with his finish but more so with his assist for the second goal.
If Neymar can combine with Philippe Coutinho, Gabriel Jesus, and Willian, tempering his ego and moderating the focus on himself, like he did against Mexico, the Brazilian attack can thrive, secure in the knowledge that the fort is locked down at the back. That's something Argentinian manager Jorge Sampaoli lost sight of in his eagerness to implement attacking plays that had worked for him earlier as the manager of Chile.
Brazil faces its toughest opponent, however, in the quarter-final encounter on Friday. Belgium has a squad with the exceptional talents of Romelu Lukaku and Eden Hazard up front. The team has scored 12 goals, more than any other team. And by coming from 0-2 down against Japan to score three goals in the last 21 minutes, they've shown the resilience to go all the way.
In Roberto Martinez, they have a manager who thinks on his feet under intense pressure. The first Belgian goal from Jan Vertonghen off a loopy header might have been fortuitous. But the next two came from smart substitutions.
Marouane Fellaini, who mostly warms the benches for Manchester United, was an unlikely hero. But a beanstalk is exactly what Martinez needed to drive home the height advantage against the Japanese. So it proved as Fellaini headed home the equalizer off a Hazard cross.
Nacer Chadli, an unknown player who turns up for West Brom, was an even more unlikely substitution. He was there for the sprint which came in the final minute as Belgium scored off a counter-attack. Two bulls-eyes for Martinez!
The other quarter-final on Friday is a battle of heavyweights, between former champions France and Uruguay. One of the highlights of the tournament has been that Luis Suarez, who got red-carded out of the previous two World Cups, hasn't picked up a single yellow card in Russia under the tutelage of Uruguay's 71-year-old manager Oscar Tabarez. Can he keep that going, or will the occasion get the better of Suarez?
Tabarez's other contribution has been to build up the midfield of a team known mainly for mean defence and counter-attack via the spearhead Suarez. A more active and proficient mid-field has allowed Suarez's childhood football companion Edinson Cavani to play in tandem on the forward line instead of having to fall back.
That created magic in the win over Portugal, but what a shame it would be if Cavani's injured calf doesn't heal in time for the quarter-final with France. It would be an inversion of the tragedies in previous World Cups when it was Suarez who went AWOL and left Cavani to fend for himself.
The last quarter-final between Croatia and Russia might seem one-sided. But that's what Spain thought and look what happened. Russian coach Stanislav Cherchesov did not try anything fancy even after going a goal down, or equalizing. His one-point plan is to go into penalties. Croatia's talented attackers will have to overcome a raucous home crowd to prevent that. Otherwise we may have the lowest ranked team of the tournament in the semi-finals. That's how unpredictable this World Cup has been.
Sumit Chakraberty is a freelance writer based in Bengaluru.
CINCINNATI — The biggest game in UCF's two-year turnaround ended in an unexpected blowout win. The most surprising part? None of the Knights seemed all that surprised.
Two years after they failed to win a game, the Knights (3-0 , 1-0 American Athletic) are back in the Top 25 and off to their best start since 2013. They moved into the rankings at No. 25 after a 38-10 win at Maryland and a 40-13 victory over Memphis , one of the preseason favourites in the AAC.
"They weren't shocked that they did what they did in Maryland," second-year coach Scott Frost said. "And they weren't shocked by what happened on Saturday. They weren't shocked; they were happy. This team expected to win those games.
"Boy, that's a fast turnaround from where we were to this point, where they expect to beat some really good teams."
They'll try to keep climbing Saturday night on the road against a team that's really struggling. Cincinnati (2-3, 0-1) is coming off a home loss to Marshall that showed they've got a long way to go under first-year coach Luke Fickell.
"That's the situation we're in now," Fickell said. "We're trying to find ways to create momentum and generate energy. And right now, it's very difficult on Saturdays."
A victory over a ranked team would give the Bearcats a starting point. The following week, they play at No. 18 South Florida, getting the conference's two best teams back-to-back. So, there's extra motivation for Cincinnati.
"Success is going to lead to people playing up when they play us," Frost said, "but we're only three games into this thing right now. We've got to go prove ourselves again."
A fast start on the road would help, and the Bearcats have shown a propensity for letting opponents take control early. They've been outscored 42-17 in the first quarter, forcing them to play from behind. They turned the ball over on the second play of the game, helping Marshall take control on its way to a 38-21 victory.
"At some point in time, we say: How do we create some positive energy and not always play off the negative energy?'" Fickell said. "It's draining. It's some difficult stuff."
Man rides horse into shop to pick up groceries
Hackers can unlock your home's front door with in
A block of flats in Oxford been set on fire in a
New piece of clothing tech can store 15 kilos of
Watch how to make the perfect pancake
Impress Your Friends And Family By Creating Your
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
So you've bought the ingredients, you've picked your pancake recipe, nothing can stop you making the perfect pancake.
Wrong.
Without a robust flipping technique you could still end up with egg, milk and flour on your face.
Yes, the dreaded Pancake Day toss is something we all want to get right.
And that moment that your crispy batter folds in on itself and gets stuck is devastating.
So here's a little tutorial for you. Have a look at how to do it and how NOT to do it - then film yourself having a go and send it to us using the form below.
This is how it should be done
They make it look so easy.
Here's a good technique in slow motion, pay attention
Think you can flip it over with a spatula?
Think again.
Definitely use a non-stick pan
Don't get cocky
One flip is enough.
But if you've got skills, flaunt them
Don't let it land on the pan rim
That sinking feeling when you see it rip apart? Yes, that.
Now send us your videos!
CEDAR FALLS, Iowa — Brenton Scott scored 20 points and grabbed 10 rebounds as Indiana State pulled away from Northern Iowa in the second half to take a 77-66 Missouri Valley Conference victory and snap a three-game losing streak on Saturday afternoon.
Scott knocked down three 3-pointers, giving him 257 career treys and leaving him 26 shy of the school record.
The Sycamores hit five 3-pointers in a row, the final two by Devin Thomas, to extend a one-point second-half lead, 45-44, into a 60-52 advantage.
Jordan Barnes contributed 13 points for Indiana State (11-13, 5-6).
Masha Krupp's world imploded Sept. 27, 2016.
That was the day the Ottawa entrepreneur learned her 25-year-old firm had lost half its revenues in a heartbeat.
Canada Revenue Agency, for whom Masha Krupp Translation Group had been translating documents for more than a decade, had just informed her their relationship was over. Gone were assignments averaging 14 million words a year, and annual billings that topped $4 million. This lucrative business would now be taken over by CLS Lexi-Tech, a rival with Canadian headquarters in Moncton, N.B.
For Krupp, now 62, this was a monumental disaster. Her firm was suddenly leaking hundreds of thousands of dollars per month and the fate of more than 40 of her 80 full- and part-time employees was unknown.
Worse, the opportunities for mounting a recovery in this strange business of translation services appeared remote. Although the federal government shells out $204 million a year on translation and interpretation, about 80 per cent of this work goes through its in-house agency, the Translation Bureau.
This leaves $40 million or so a year for outside firms, along with whatever work the Translation Bureau contracts out. Many of these contracts were already being performed by private firms under long-term contracts.
At first Krupp chastised herself: She should have cut her costs even more on the CRA bid. A few days later, however, she put that thought aside for good.
During a debriefing by CRA officials on Oct. 11, 2016, Krupp was surprised to learn the agency's evaluators had awarded her firm a perfect score on the financial component of the bid, worth half the total marks. She had got her costs right.
But Krupp was dumbfounded when CRA officials informed her that MK Translation Group had lost points in the area she felt her firm was strongest — relevant experience.
This was the trigger for Krupp's decision two weeks later to lodge a complaint with the Canadian International Trade Tribunal — the federal body set up to handle procurement disputes. Colleagues warned her about trying to take on the powerful CRA, but she brushed those worries aside.
“I'm the daughter of World War Two refugees,” Krupp said of her Russian parents, “This helped me to keep things in perspective.”
During the next 13 months, Krupp directed her lawyer to battle the CRA — first at the trade tribunal, then at the Federal Court of Appeal. Along the way, she dug deep into her reserves and sought new contracts to save her company from financial ruin. In the end, these tactics proved correct.
That Krupp decided to take a stand was not surprising. The initial CRA contract in question, which runs to October 31, 2018, is worth $8.63 million. But it also contains renewal options to 2023. The estimated total value over seven years is $35 million.
But it was more than the money. CRA business had for years been central to MK Translation Group's credibility and reputation — and the firm had just been ranked second on technical merit.
Here's how it happened, according to documents filed with the trade tribunal.
During a three-month evaluation, CRA officials narrowed the field to CLS Lexi-Tech and MK Translation Group. A crucial piece of the technical evaluation involved testimonials from people who had previously used the bidders' services. Krupp's bid included recent projects involving Treasury Board, Department of Finance and, of course, CRA — along with references she believed were impressed with her translators' work.
CRA evaluators later told Krupp during a debriefing that her company had lost a full point for each of the projects, which converted to a net loss of 1.5 points on the final scoring grid. It was enough to push MK Translation Group from winner to loser.
However, the tribunal concluded the process of awarding points during the competition was deeply flawed. Documents filed by the CRA revealed the reference checks had been conducted by different evaluators. Not only that, the documents noted, the evaluators had consulted “someone not named as a reference.” And, not least, grading options presented to the references had been inconsistent.
The tribunal ruled last March that the CRA's procurement officials had “compromised the evaluation beyond repair.” The Federal Court of Appeal last month dismissed CRA's application for a judicial review.
The tribunal also concluded it was impossible to determine who would have won the CRA contract had the evaluators consistently applied the terms outlined in the bid.
The odd scoring does not appear to have been part of an effort by evaluators to steer the contract to a particular winner.
“There is no evidence that forethought or bias animated this behaviour,” the tribunal concluded. “Rather, this appears to be a case in which evaluators took impermissible liberty with the task they were given to accomplish.”
The cost of redressing this flawed procurement will be considerable.
The tribunal ruled the contract should be re-tendered and that MK Translation Group should, in the meantime, be compensated for its “lost opportunity to profit”, divided by the number of qualified bidders. Thanks to the delay caused by CRA's decision to challenge the tribunal's ruling to the Federal Court of Appeal, that amount will be somewhat higher.
Depending on how negotiations go between the CRA and Krupp's firm — and assuming the tax agency doesn't seek leave to appeal to the Supreme Court of Canada — the cost to taxpayers could easily top $500,000.
Even this wouldn't fully compensate Krupp's losses to date.
In the immediate aftermath of her loss at CRA, she had to move quickly to plug a massive hole in her company's cash flow. Krupp borrowed from family and friends, cashed in her registered retirement savings plans and jacked up her mortgage-backed line of credit.
She estimates net costs to date, including legal bills, at more than $1 million. The loss might have been even bigger had it not been for several pieces of good luck. For one thing, her translators still had a backlog of some 500,000 words at CRA to work through, representing more than $100,000 in billings.
And MK Translation Group was about to head into its busiest season on its other government contracts — the January to March quarter, traditionally when federal departments spend the most.
Krupp might have limited her losses had she been more draconian in her response to the sudden loss of revenues. Though more than half her 80 plus employees were dedicated to the CRA contract, she let go just a handful. Several more left on their own accord, clearly worried about the future at the firm.
Krupp re-assigned her CRA staff to contracts involving the Department of Finance, Treasury Board and others. Krupp cut back on the use of overtime and trimmed her use of independent contractors.
Then, something remarkable happened.
MK Translation Group started winning contracts at new departments — many of these after the tribunal ruling last March. It began with a steady stream of small contracts from the Translation Bureau.
Then came the big one last July, awarded by the Courts Administration Service, which serves a handful of legal bodies including the Federal Court of Appeal. The technical requirements suited Krupp's suddenly under-utilized translators, many of whom had top-secret clearance.
“The mandatory requirements were so strict I thought there couldn't be that many to qualify,” Krupp says. “I wrote the CAS bid myself.”
The initial $3.6 million contract runs to March 31, 2019 with three one-year extensions. Even sweeter, the incumbent on that contract was CLS Lexi-Tech, according to Public Accounts data. With one deal, Krupp nearly made up for what she lost at CRA. In all, MK Translation Group since last March has won federal contract topping $7 million annually including the CAS deal.
Of course, thanks to delayed billing cycles — two or three months is typical — the cash is only now starting to stream through her company's books.
With any luck, compensation for her lost profit opportunity at CRA will soon follow.
Which leaves Krupp in not a bad spot. She has finally reduced her dependence on the CRA and developed a much wider base of contracts. Along the way she also learned who her friends and family really are.
video size: 640x360 730x576 1024x576 1280x720 1920x1080 custom size x Advanced Embed Example Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document. .videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } show more
ANSBACH, Germany -- Firefighters with the U.S. Army Garrison Ansbach Department of Emergency Services (USAG Ansbach DES) conduct Aircraft Rescue Firefighting Simulator Training at the Katterbach Army Airfield firefighter Station Dec. 6, 2017. Firefighter and Assistant Chief of Operations Patrick Noll instructs a crew lead by Lieutenant Jürgen Daubinger and trainee Firefighter Ulrich Probst through a training exercise. The emergency scenario is a fire on an unmanned CH-47 Chinook helicopter, and takes place on a (computer simulated) Army airfield. The goal of the training is to learn how to effectively take control of the situation as well as learn proper procedure to correctly and safely cross an airfield in an emergency situation.
U.S. Army video by Visual Information Specialist Eugen Warkentin.
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Arsenal are seriously considering hiring Mikel Arteta as their next manager, with the former Gunners midfielder high on their shortlist.
According to the Sun, supremo Ivan Gazidis fancies the Spaniard for the position after the ex-skipper has impressed while on the backroom staff at Man City.
Gazidis is reportedly looking to be "bold" after 22 years with Wenger in charge and Arteta would signify a move in that direction.
The chief executive reportedly told over 200 members of the club staff that replacing Wenger will be a tough and exhaustive process.
He played over 100 times for the Gunners before retiring and learning his trade from Pep Guardiola at the Etihad Stadium.
(Image: Clive Brunskill)
Mustafi insists he wants Emirates stay
Arsenal defender Shkodran Mustafi has opened up about his Gunners future after facing criticism in recent weeks for his 'under par' performances.
Martin Keown was one of his harshest critics saying on Match of the Day: “[Arsenal's defence] is really quite appalling. Mustafi seems to still be making the same mistakes he made earlier this season."
(Image: AFP)
Former Man United defender Nemanja Vidic also laid into him, saying the German "doesn't know what's going on around him."
And whilst the centre-half admits he's had a tough season, he claimed he has absolutely no plans for a career elsewhere.
Read more here.
Mertesacker: Players must share blame
Per Mertesacker has admitted Arsenal's players have to share the blame for Arsene Wenger's departure.
Arsenal stalwart Mertesacker admits the current squad have to take responsibility for the club falling behind which has led to Wenger leaving.
It was Mertesacker who led a dressing room rallying cry after Wenger's bombshell news on Friday and the Germany defender insists they must give him a glorious farewell.
(Image: Stuart MacFarlane/Arsenal FC via Getty Images)
Mertesacker said: “We sit here in one boat and we have not been that successful over the past couple of years. We won trophies, we won the FA Cup, but in terms of achieving Champions League football every season we have not done it.
“In terms of top four finishes, we are not able to achieve it this season. We have been out performed by other teams and you have to admit that.
“There are a lot of people responsible, not only the manager. It has not sunk in enough to say we are guilty, but we are as well responsible for the situation."
Read more here.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
I'm A Celebrity winner Georgia 'Toff' Toffolo admitted earlier today that she was "gagging" to get her mitts on a glass of wine at the wrap party.
And her dreams have come true with the class of 2017 putting on their glad rags for the wrap party Down Under at the Greenmount Beach Club on the Gold Coast.
Leading the charge was Vanessa White who turned more than a few heads in a barely-there black leather dress through which the outline of her nipples was clearly visible.
Clearly ready to throw off the camo for something altogether more glam, the former Saturdays star stunned as she strutted her stuff in a pair of killer heels.
(Image: Brian Roberts)
(Image: Brian Roberts)
(Image: Brian Roberts)
(Image: Brian Roberts)
(Image: Brian Roberts)
Coronation Street star Jennie McAlpine, who came fourth on the show, looked ready to party in a pretty patterned frock and a poppin' pink lip.
Comedienne Shappi Khorsandi took the plunge in a low-cut full-length black dress, while show winner Toff gave her killer pins an airing in a super-cute drop-waist white frock.
Amir Khan, Jamie Lomas and Iain Lee rocked up together, looking dapper in various takes on the dressed-up jeans look.
(Image: Brian Roberts)
Earlier today, Queen of the Jungle Toff made an adorable appearance on This Morning, fan-girling over Holly Willoughby, revealing she fell in love in the jungle and admitting the truth about her 'law degree'.
When Holly revealed that she'd pegged Toff to win from day one, the former Made In Chelsea star gushed, "I can't believe you even know my name! Let alone picking me as a winner!"
The star has been reported to have achieved a law degree, but she set the record straight admitting that she doesn't have a qualification because she dropped out of the course twice.
"I started it and dropped out, then I started another and dropped out again," she admitted. "I've always had an interest in politics, [so] I just don't know what the future holds. I want to use my influence with this to do good."
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
Speaking of politics, she opened up about her crush on co-star Stanley Johnson, admitting she's got a thing for middle-aged politicians.
"When I saw Stanley I was like, 'oh my god!' He is in the upper bracket of middle aged but I fell in love. I used to follow him around camp. I've never met anyone like him before. I'm going to have a little drinkie with him later."
Admitting she's "gagging for a glass of wine," Toff said she's going to have to take it easy at the wrap party because she made herself sick by eating too much last night.
And she also marvelled at the fact she even made it on to the show.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
Speaking of her win, she said: "I was beyond shell shocked, it was the most bizarre thing. I couldn't believe I was there in the first place, I thought, 'how on earth have you pulled this blinder? How are you in here?' Because i don't have any talent of note. But I just loved it."
"I loved the simplicity, we had to do certain things to exist. Even things like doing the dunny, it was bizarre but it was comical. I didn't mind doing the dunny."
"I shocked myself, I didn't think I had this strenth. i joined Made In Chelsea when I left school. I haven't been through with much similar. I had to prove girls are as strong as boys."
And she had no idea that people would like her, fearing she got voted into Number 10 for being 'too bossy'.
"I just thought everyone would think I'm this blonde airhead," she said.
The Made In Chelsea star was crowned queen of the jungle last night after overcoming her fears and triumphing on the ITV show.
Georgia had been odds-on bookmakers favourite to win the show for over a week after wowing viewers with her bravery in trials and constant positivity and happiness in camp.
She became the third female to win the series in a row – following Scarlett Moffat and Vicky Pattison – and beat third-placed Radio DJ Iain Lee and soap actor Jamie Lomas in the final.
After being announced as the winner, Toff, 22, stood open mouthed for 30 seconds unable to speak.
She said: “I don't know what to say, obviously I am shocked I didn't think anyone would like me. “I am really taken aback, it is really overwhelming. Wow. Is this real?
I'm A Celebrity fans aren't happy that "bully" Jamie Lomas made it to the final two over Iain Lee
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
“It is a dream, I have watched this since I was a little girl.”
She was given her crown by previous winner Scarlett Moffatt who praised her for "doing it for the girls".
Toff said her cheeks hurt from three weeks of smiling trying to keep her camp mates happy. “If you don't stay positive you wouldn't enjoy yourself,” she explained.
On her experience she added: “It is so surreal, I loved it in there so much. I loved every second, I didn't even mind cleaning the dunny. Nothing can prepare you for it.”
Referring to her trials, she added: “I didn't think I had the strength to do what I have done in here, I don't know where it has come from. I had to go out and prove girls could do it.”
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
In the last few days, she has missed close friend Stanley Johnson, she said: “I was beside myself when he went, we had these amazing little moments, what a lovely man. And I get to see him today.”
Second placed Jamie Lomas, 42, said: “Toff is great at lifting spirits, she has been amazing. “She has been a great champion, well done, she deserves it.”
Ahead of the final her mum Nicola had praised her appearance on the show saying to Toff: “I need to tell you that my heart is bursting with pride because you have shown everyone how strong, fair, how kind you are your little positive face every morning when you wake up.”
Toff herself couldn't even believe she had even made the final, saying: “Someone has totted up the votes, how out of all the people am I here. This is nuts. People are voting for us to be in the final. This is amazing.”
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
Having already completed a number of trials during her three weeks in camp she also overcame a horrendous last one the final after being chosen for 'John T-revolting' and had to get into a plastic transparent box to win three starters for the finalists plus her own drink and treat.
To win the total of five stars she had to stay in the box for ten minutes. Biting green ants were put into one arm, soldier crabs in the other arm, in her right foot they poured cockroaches and in her left it was yabbies and mud crabs.
To top it off she had spiders, scorpions and burrowing cockroaches around her head. She lasted until the end and won the five stars but said: “Whoever thinks of these trials is warped.”
Asked about the hardest challenges, she said: “My greatest achievement in the jungle was doing nine minutes with those enormous pythons on me. The Snakes Are High trial – one of my lowest points was my biggest triumphs. I was freaking out but there was no way I was going anywhere.
“There are quite a few things that are not as you imagined. The hunger and starvation is so rife. I kind of thought someone who give us a few titbits just to see us over until dinner but they don't. What you see on the telly is actually what we go through.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
“I do quite like rice and beans weirdly, I don't know how or why. For me I always eat my beans first one by one and then savour the rice because it is bloody fantastic.”
Asked what she had missed the most, she said: “I love my heated rollers at home. Heat them up and pop them in and put the makeup on and then it is a big beautiful bouncy blow dry. So it would be the heated rollers.”
She became close friends with Jennie and in particular Stanley Johnson who she treated like a new granddad.
Toff said: “Do you know my opinions haven't changed but I never envisaged growing so close to these people because we are so different. Maybe outside we never would have met. I can believe I have formed such amazing friendships out of these people. It has really shocked me and it is amazing.
“Stanley in Made In Chelsea? Oh my god that is going to happen when I get home, we can do a bump in on the King's Road. Stanley has promised me he is going to watch it which is just everything.”
Theresa May is to make a statement outside Downing Street on an unknown matter.
The Prime Minister usually reserves Number 10 statements for serious matters, but the PM's team are remaining tight-lipped about the subject of the statement.
We'll have you full details and updates as they happen.
Wisconsin tight end Troy Fumagalli hauled in a pass on 3rd and 13 to extend the Badgers' opening drive. He needed just one hand to do so. His sprawling grab led to a touchdown and, technically, is the college football catch of the year as of publication.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A new method of combating breast cancer has been discovered by scientists after they uncovered more about how the disease grows and spreads.
Researchers found a protein called lysyl oxidase, or Lox, allowed breast cancer cells grow more rapidly as well as allowing the deadly cells to advance through the body.
The findings, hailed as a "game changer", led scientists to develop a new prototype drug which could pave the way for the next generation of treatment for the disease.
When tested on mice, the medicine halted the protein's capacity to help cancer cells, slowing both the growth of tumours and the rate at which cells multiplied, scientists said.
The work, carried out by a team from the University of Manchester and Institute of Cancer Research, will now lead to the drug being refined and presented for clinical trials on patients.
Caroline Springer, joint senior author of the study published in the journal Nature Communications, said: "We knew that Lox had a role in cancer's spread round the body, but to discover how it also appears to drive the growth of breast cancer cells is a real game changer.
(Photo: PA)
"It means that drugs that disrupt Lox's ability to promote growth signals might be able to slow or block cancer progression in patients - as we saw in mice."
Lox has also been shown to play a role in lung, bowel, prostate and pancreatic cancer, meaning the new treatment could be rolled out to a larger number of those afflicted by the illness.
Initially, the experts found they could mitigate the development of breast cancer in mice by genetically removing the Lox gene, allowing them to live more than 50 days.
By depleting the protein, it reduced the surface levels of a receptor on the cancer cell which is often blamed for facilitating its growth - the epidermal growth factor receptor.
(Photo: PA)
They used the findings to design and validate an inhibitor drug which slowed the tumour growth and spread with no side effects, the study said.
It is the first time Lox has been identified as having a controlling influence on tumour growth, researchers said.
Dr Justine Alford, senior science information officer at Cancer Research UK, said: "This research in mice is exciting because it not only reveals new details of how breast cancer grows and spreads, but it could lead to a completely new way to stop these processes in patients if proven in people.
"This could help improve outcomes for patients, since cancer that has spread is harder to treat.
"LOX is also thought to play a role in a number of other cancers, so this research could also have applications beyond breast cancer."
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Everton will hand rising star Jonjoe Kenny a new contract to keep him at Goodison until 2022.
The England U21 full back has impressed new boss Sam Allardyce with his committed performances after breaking into the first team this season.
And a driving display in the Mersey derby, where he kept Liverpool's star man Sadio Mane on a short lease, has convinced the Blues manager to extend the defender's current deal, which was due to run until the end of next season.
Now the 20-year-old has pledged his future to Everton, with Kenny agreeing a contract that will see him come closer in line to the first team wages level, depending on his development.
(Image: LIVERPOOL ECHO)
(Image: Clive Brunskill)
Kenny has made 14 appearances for the Blues this season, and Allardyce is impressed by the athleticism of the full back, who he sees as an eventual successor to Ireland international Seamus Coleman, who is on the verge of a comeback after a year out with a leg break.
The defender will sign the four and a half year deal in the coming days, with Everton likely to announce the news after their visit to Newcastle on Wednesday.
BRUSSELS (AP) — Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu urged the European Union on Monday to back a new U.S. peace initiative in the Middle East, after President Donald Trump's unilateral decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital met with widespread condemnation and triggered clashes in the Palestinian territories.
Netanyahu, on a first official visit to the EU by an Israeli premier in 22 years, told reporters in Brussels that recognizing Jerusalem was merely stating the reality on the ground. He said he expected many European countries to follow Trump's lead in the future.
But European officials say they have heard no details about the U.S. plan to relaunch moribund Mideast peace efforts.
“We should give peace a chance. I think we should see what is presented and see if we can advance this peace,” Netanyahu said, before a meeting with EU foreign ministers, chaired by the bloc's foreign policy chief, Federica Mogherini.
French Foreign Minister Jean-Yves Le Drian said the Europeans are impatient to hear details of any new U.S. peace move. None were forthcoming when Secretary of State Rex Tillerson was in Brussels last week.
“They've announced to us some kind of American initiative. We've been waiting for several months. If it's not the case, then perhaps the European Union should take the initiative, but it's too early to say,” Le Drian said.
“Everyone knows that the resolution of the Middle East crisis goes through negotiations and the recognition of two states,” he said.
“(Jerusalem) could be the capital of Israel and a future Palestinian state but that has to be negotiated between the two parties,” said Belgian Foreign Minister Didier Reynders.
Reynders said that, as the biggest aid donor to the Palestinians and a major partner of Israel, the EU has “a particular role to play” in the dispute.
Netanyahu insisted, however, that “what President Trump has done is put facts squarely on the table. Peace is based on reality.”
“Jerusalem is Israel's capital, no one can deny it. It doesn't obviate peace it makes peace possible,” he said, adding that he believed most European countries will now “move their embassies to Jerusalem, recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital.”
Netanyahu was also due Monday to discuss Israel's relations with the EU, which have been tense, particularly over the EU's insistence on labeling Israeli products made in Jewish settlements.
___
Raf Casert in Brussels contributed to this report.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
NPR Politics There's More To It
Democrats Target Rep. Issa's Seat As One They Could Take From Republicans
Democrats Target Rep. Issa's Seat As One They Could Take From Republicans Listen · 3:26 3:26
At a federal court in Wisconsin, a British cybersecurity expert pleaded not guilty to charges over an alleged malware scheme to steal personal banking information.
Before these accusations, Marcus Hutchins was known for his role in finding the "kill switch" to the WannaCry ransomware cyber-attack last May that "threatened over 150 countries," NPR's Leila Fadel reported.
After today's hearing, Hutchins' lawyer Marcia Hofmann described him as a "brilliant young man and a hero," and said that "when the evidence comes to light, we are confident he will be fully vindicated."
The FBI took Hutchins into custody earlier this month in Las Vegas, where he had been attending a cybersecurity conference.
In July, a federal grand jury indicted him and an unnamed co-defendant on six counts dating from July 2014 to July 2015.
The indictment accuses Hutchins of creating the malware, which is called Kronos. The two co-defendents then allegedly advertised it on internet forums and sold it.
Hutchins is charged with "one count of conspiracy to commit computer fraud and abuse, three counts of distributing and advertising an electronic communication interception device, one count of endeavoring to intercept electronic communications, and one count of attempting to access a computer without authorization," as Leila reported.
She added that other members of his community were shocked at the accusations, because they are counter to his reputation as a person devoted to preventing this kind of attack.
Hutchins was "granted bail on 5 August after $30,000 ...was raised by friends and family," according to the BBC.
But his release comes with strict conditions, as detailed by The Associated Press:
"His bond has been modified so that he can stay in Los Angeles near his attorney and travel anywhere in the U.S., but he cannot leave the country. He was also granted access to use a computer for work, a change from an earlier judge's order barring him from using any device with access to the internet. Hutchins has been working for a network security company, according to prosecutors, who did not oppose allowing him access to a computer for work." "Hutchins is required to wear a GPS monitor, but [Magistrate Judge William] Duffin said the court will consider removing that requirement once Hutchins has found a home in Los Angeles and is complying with the terms of his bond."
The wire service adds that the next hearing is scheduled for Oct. 17.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Joey Barton has rejoined Burnley on a deal until the end of the season, the Premier League club have announced.
The Clarets recently agreed a deal in principle for the midfielder to sign for them in the January transfer window.
The issue had been complicated by a Football Association probe into alleged betting, with Barton facing a possible fine and suspension after being charged for allegedly placing 1,260 bets over a 10-year period.
But Burnley announced shortly after Saturday's 2-1 loss at Manchester City that Barton's return to the Turf Moor outfit had been finalised.
(Photo: Getty)
The Clarets also revealed the one-match suspension Barton - who left Burnley to join Rangers over the summer - was handed in November by the Scottish Football Association for breaching betting regulations has now been served.
A statement from the Premier League club read: "Burnley Football Club can confirm that following detailed discussions regarding the recent FA charge brought against Joey Barton, the club have now reached an agreement with the player and his representatives over a contract with the club until the end of the season.
"Barton becomes available for selection from January 3 after completing his registration in time to serve a one match suspension against Manchester City, as a result of a carry-over suspension passed down from the Scottish FA relating to a previous offence."
Burnley's next match is Saturday's FA Cup third round tie at Sunderland.
U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer said that U.S. free trade agreements in the Latin American region require modernization and will be addressed following the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) renegotiation. He made the comments this week at Gov. Rick Scott's, R-Fla., Latin American Summit where he [Lighthizer] touched on trade facilitation efficiency and trade deficit reduction as areas where he sees modernization taking place. FTAs have worked very well for American pork producers as U.S. exports of pork and pork products have increased by 1,550 percent in value and almost 1,300 percent in volume since 1989, when the United States implemented its first FTA. NPPC continues to urge the administration to explore new FTAs while maintaining those agreements already in place.
Marine Minute
I'm Sergeant Annika Moody with your Marine Minute.
Marines and aircraft from 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing are coordinating with the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection for aerial
firefighting support in Northern San Diego County. Two UH-1Y Venoms from are flying in direct support of the Lilac Fire, and two Super
Stallions from Marine Corps Air Station Miramar, are on standby. So far the Lilac Fire has burned more than 4,100 acres and is 75 percent contained.
Also in the Corps
Forward-deployed Marines have concluded the 3rd Marine Division Annual Squad Competition in Okinawa, Japan. The competition tested each squad on their
proficiency in military skills such as navigation, marksmanship and advanced infantry tactics. The competition lasted four days with the squad from 2nd
Battalion, 1st Marine Regiment, 1st Marine Division earning the title of best squad. The California-based unit is forward-deployed to Okinawa, Japan
as part of the Unit Deployment Program. They are tasked with maintaining regional security in the Indo-Asia-Pacific.
That's it for your Marine Minute, for more news around the Marine Corps go to Marines.mil.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A student found a chilling note inside her birthday delivery which said: 'Please Help, Amazon is painful!'
On the back of the gift message, which came with an eyeshadow palette, was the desperate handwritten note with the word 'help' traced over several times for emphasis.
Zahina Rani, 18, who had received a belated gift from her sister Sanna Rani, said at first she thought it was a joke but then worried someone was in real trouble.
The teen said she believes the note came from a warehouse worker, as it was placed inside the box.
Amazon have now launched an investigation and claim they are taking the note which she received on January 31st 'very seriously'.
(Image: Mercury Press & Media)
Zahina, from Birmingham said: "When I first opened the parcel I read the message and my sister spotted that behind the paper was this note.
"I was in shock and started laughing. It seems like people must be having a tough time working there.
"It's really crazy, workers must be in bother. I thought it was a joke but then later thought what if someone was in real bother?"
Zahina claims she'll never forget her 18th birthday gift and the discovery won't prevent her from using Amazon in the future, but she may be a bit more understanding of late parcels in the future.
(Image: Mercury Press & Media)
(Image: Mercury Press & Media)
Zahina said: "I don't think the note was from the driver. I think it was from someone who works in the warehouse because it was in the box itself.
"My sister ordered me a late birthday present and wrote a message as there is a place you can write a message for someone.
"I have been ordering on Amazon for the past year and never had this happen. It seemed pretty odd.
"I put this on my social media accounts for a laugh but some of my followers on Facebook and Instagram got in touch with me and said it is a real pain and they would never work there again.
"They must be under a lot of pressure. They provide a service for same day delivery and next day delivery, so it must be really hard.
"Amazon is also very well known so I can't imagine how many orders must come through.
"I salute the hard workers and the delivery drivers that try so hard and put all their efforts in. I will buy from Amazon as I trust their service, but I will be a bit more patient if the delivery driver comes a few minutes late next time."
(Image: Mercury Press & Media)
She posted the picture on Facebook and wrote: "So guys, isn't this weird? For the first time an Amazon parcel came that had this note.
"LMAO someone must be in real serious pain if they had to write this out to me. Damn wish I could help..."
In response to the note, a spokesperson from Amazon said: "We take this very seriously and we are investigating.
"Amazon provides a safe and positive workplace with competitive pay and benefits from day one.
"We are proud to have been able to create thousands of new permanent roles in our UK fulfillment centres in recent years.
"One of the reasons we've been able to attract so many people to join us is that we offer great jobs and a positive work environment with opportunities for growth."
Fruitcake is known to stay fresh for an inordinate amount of time.
But Antarctic conservators say they recently came upon a specimen that tests the limits of the treat: a 106-year-old cake, found in one of Antarctica's first buildings.
This particular cake is believed to have been brought over in 1910 during the Terra Nova expedition of Robert Falcon Scott. According to the Antarctic Heritage Trust, "it has been documented that Scott took this particular brand of cake with him at that time."
The Huntley & Palmers fruitcake was wrapped in paper and housed in a tin-plated iron alloy tin, which is showing signs of deterioration. However, the cake itself is "well-preserved," the conservators say.
"There was a very, very slight rancid butter smell to it, but other than that, the cake looked and smelled edible!" the Trust's Programme Manager-Artefacts Lizzie Meek said in a statement. "There is no doubt that the extreme cold in Antarctica has assisted its preservation."
The century-old dessert was found with nearly 1,500 other artifacts from two huts at Cape Adare.
According to the Trust, the first buildings on the continent "were built by Norwegian Carsten Borchgrevink's expedition in 1899 and later used by Captain Scott's party in 1911." Meek says the team members were finishing up their work collecting objects when they were surprised to find the old dessert.
She adds that even present day explorers love a good fruitcake: "It's ideal high-energy food for Antarctic conditions, and is still a favorite item on modern day trips to the ice."
The cake's sheer density probably helps. As NPR's Maria Godoy has reported, people doing outdoor work in the Antarctic need about 5,000 calories a day — and more like 6,500 if you're involved in manhauling, which is "pulling sleds across the ice and snow with their bodies."
Maria writes that there's one clear lesson that Antarctic explorers have learned over the years: "When life is stripped down to man versus the most brutal elements, bring plenty of snacks."
This is something Scott's team knew — in fact, Maria says that "his party conducted a study that suggested a high-carb, high-fat diet to be optimal for the harsh climes."
But tragically, explorers on Antarctic expeditions were often hungry. Scott himself starved to death while on the return journey from the South Pole.
The objects recovered from Cape Adare — including a watercolor painting of a Tree Creeper bird by scientist Edward Wilson — are undergoing conservation treatment and will be returned there, because the huts are deemed an Antarctic Specially Protected Area. That will happen after restoration work is finished on the buildings themselves.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
Police in Canada's biggest city were piecing together witness accounts and surveillance video on Tuesday to determine why a driver plowed a rented van along a crowded sidewalk, killing 10 people and injuring 15 in what many said seemed a deliberate attack.A 25-year-old suspect was quickly captured in a tense but brief confrontation with officers a few blocks away from where his van jumped the sidewalk Monday and continued for a mile, leaving people bloodied and dead in his wakePrime Minister Justin Trudeau downplayed the possibility of terrorism, saying Tuesday that authorities see no national security element in the case.He told a news conference that the incident "hasn't changed the overall threat level in Canada," though it occurred as Cabinet ministers from the G7 nations were meeting in Toronto.Authorities so far had not disclosed a possible motive or cause, though "the incident definitely looked deliberate," Police Chief Mark Saunders told reporters at a late-night news conference.Saunders said the suspect, Alek Minassian, who lives in the Toronto suburb of Richmond Hill, had not been known to police previously. An online social media profile described him as a college student.Authorities released few details in the case, saying the investigation was still underway, with witnesses being interviewed and surveillance video being examined."We are looking very strongly to what the exact motivation was for this particular incident to take place," Saunders said. "We need every single piece of this puzzle so we can have a fulsome picture and account as to exactly what took place here."Police said the suspect was scheduled to appear in court at 10 a.m. Tuesday, and that information on the charges against him would be released at that time.The driver was heading south on busy Yonge Street around 1:30 p.m. and the streets were crowded with people enjoying an unseasonably warm day when the van jumped onto the sidewalk.Ali Shaker, who was driving near the van at the time, told Canadian broadcast outlet CP24 that the driver appeared to be moving deliberately through the crowd at more than 30 mph."He just went on the sidewalk," a distraught Shaker said. "He just started hitting everybody, man. He hit every single person on the sidewalk. Anybody in his way he would hit."Witness Peter Kang told CTV News that the driver did not seem to make any effort to stop."If it was an accident he would have stopped," Kang said. "But the person just went through the sidewalk. He could have stopped."Video broadcast on several Canadian outlets showed police arresting the driver, dressed in dark clothes, after officers surrounded him and his rental Ryder van several blocks from where the incident occurred in the North York neighborhood of northern Toronto. He appeared to make some sort of gesture at the police with an object in his hand just before they ordered him to lie down on the ground and took him away.Witness Phil Zullo said that he saw police arresting the suspect and people "strewn all over the road" where the incident occurred."I must have seen about five, six people being resuscitated by bystanders and by ambulance drivers," Zullo said. "It was awful. Brutal."Police shut down the Yonge and Finch intersection following the incident and Toronto's transit agency said it had suspended service on the subway line running through the area.Trudeau on Monday expressed his sympathies for those involved."We should all feel safe walking in our cities and communities," he said. "We are monitoring this situation closely, and will continue working with our law enforcement partners around the country to ensure the safety and security of all Canadians."The stretch of Yonge Street where the victims were struck remains closed to traffic and was expected to stay blocked off for several days as police continue what is likely to be a lengthy investigation.The incident prompted police to beef up security and close several streets around the Air Canada Centre on Monday night for the Toronto-Boston NHL playoff game. Police tweeted that similar road closures may be in effect for the Toronto Raptors NBA playoff game on Wednesday night.The incident occurred as Cabinet ministers from the major industrial countries were gathered in Canada to discuss a range of international issues in the run-up to the G7 meeting near Quebec City in June. Canadian Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale called the incident a "horrific attack" and said the G7 foreign ministers extended their condolences.___
A post shared by Paul Labile Pogba (@paulpogba) on Mar 19, 2018 at 3:45am PDT
The Gregg County Fire Marshal's Office is investigating the cause of a fatal structure and grass fire.
It happened around 4 p.m. on February 2, in the 900 Block of Maxey Road in Longview.
The Gregg County Sheriff's Office, Longview Fire Department, and Judson Metro Fire Department responded.
The Sheriff's Office is waiting to release the victim's identity until the appropriate family members are notified.
The Sheriff's Office says outdoor burning is still discouraged at this time.
Copyright 2018 KLTV. All rights reserved.
Anti-Putin Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko appeared at a press conference Wednesday, a day after reports appeared to confirm his assassination in Kiev, Ukraine, explaining that Ukrainian police fabricated his killing to catch those plotting his murder.
The Associated Press (AP) is reporting that Ukrainian security officials “confirmed” Babchenko's death to help track down the would-be killers.
After reports circulated around the globe on Tuesday the Babchenko, 41, had been gunned down in front of his home in Ukraine and was found dying by his wife, Vasily Gritsak, head of the Ukrainian Security Service, told reporters on Wednesday the officials faked the journalist's death.
“[Babchenko] showed up at Gritsak's news conference on Wednesday and thanked everyone who was mourning his death,” AP reported.
Babchenko, one of Russia's best-known war reporters, has spoken and written about leaving Russia because of threats he and his family faced and finally relocated to Ukraine, according to AP.
BREAKING: Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko, who was reported killed in Kiev, shows up at a news conference in Ukraine. — The Associated Press (@AP) May 30, 2018
Authorities in Ukraine stated that the culprits were linked to Russian security services, according to a translation of remarks at the press conference by the BBC.
Vasily Gritsak, head of the Ukrainian Security Service (SBU), led the press conference, ostensibly convened to give the media details on the assassination of Babchenko. “I could offer my condolences to to Arkady Babchenko's family, but I will not,” Gritsak said before introducing Babchenko alive, according to The Telegraph. On the contrary, today I congratulate Arkady on his third birthday in this hall.”
“I can now reveal details of the SBU special operation, thanks to which we were able not only to thwart a cynical provocation, but also document the Russian special service's preparations for this low crime,” Gritsak added.
Babchenko used his time in the press conference to apologize to his loved ones for putting them through the pain of grieving for his death. “Special apologies to my wife,” he added. “Olechka, I am sorry, but there were no options here.”
“The operation took two months to prepare. I was told a month ago. As a result of the operation, one person has been captured, he is being held,” the journalist confirmed.
Photos from Ukraine following the press conference showed authorities removing a memorial plaque in Babchenko's honor being removed.
Follow Penny Starr on Twitter.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jose Mourinho has been on a scouting mission with Marko Arnautovic his reported focus.
The Manchester United boss took in Austria's 1-0 victory over Russia in Innsbruck.
The West Ham striker assisted the winner from Alessandro Schopf to heap more gloom on the hosts of the 2018 World Cup.
The Red Devils are looking to sign a new No.9 as backup to Romelu Lukaku and laola1 have snapped an image of Mourinho in the stands seemingly running the rule over the player.
Various reports on Wednesday claimed United hold an interest in the Hammers star, who played under Mourinho during his time at Inter Milan in 2009/10.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: Twitter)
(Image: Twitter)
A year on from a club-record £25m deal to bring the 29-year-old to the London Stadium, the Londoners claim their star man is not for sale.
Any potential deal would involve almost double the fee paid to Stoke last summer, which could deter United given the player's age.
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
(Image: Action Images via Reuters)
An impressive debut campaign in claret and blue saw Arnautovic score 11 and assist six more.
Mourinho was unable to start Lukaku due to injury in the FA Cup final vs Chelsea, with Marcus Rashford unable to convince as a No.9 in his system.
WASHINGTON (AP) — A pro-Trump group is airing ads in a dozen Republican-held congressional districts seeking support for the party's limping health care overhaul drive.
The ads come during a two-week congressional recess that's seen numerous GOP lawmakers endure stormy town hall meetings attended by supporters of President Barack Obama's health care law. They are running in districts from Pennsylvania to Arizona.
America First Policies says it is sinking $3 million into TV spots and internet commercials. The group is run by former Trump White House and campaign staffers.
President Donald Trump and GOP leaders want to repeal Obama's law. Leaders averted a planned House vote on their legislation last month because of Republican opposition.
Advertisement
The ads urge people to thank lawmakers “for standing with President Trump to repeal Obamacare now.”
Trump Organization Proceeds With Two Major Indonesia Projects
Audio will be available later today.
New York Times Washington correspondent Eric Lipton speaks with NPR's Audie Cornish about how two projects in Indonesia could create conflicts of interest for him as he takes office.
What a story it has been for India coach Rahul Dravid in the Under-19 World Cup in New Zealand. As India beat Australia at Bay Oval in Mount Maunganui by eight wickets on Saturday, his long desire of winning a World Cup trophy at last got fulfilled.
As a player, he played three World Cups in 1999, 2003 and 2007 and the closest he got to lifting the trophy was in 2003 as Aussie Ricky Ponting played a blinder of an innings to demolish India in the final in South Africa.
The 2007 World Cup in the West Indies was rather a forgettable experience as India crashed out of the first stage of the tournament with him at the helm.
That's why India Under-19s' win on Saturday matters a lot to the former India captain, even though he modestly - as is his wont - chose not to mention his personal achievement in a brief chat after the match.
"Really proud of the boys and the effort they put in," Dravid, who played his last international game in 2012, said.
"Hopefully it's a memory they cherish for a long, long time, but hopefully not the lasting memory and they have many more great moments and bigger things in future. I don't want to mention names but everyone in the support staff has put in a great effort. We do the best for the kids," the 45-year-old added.
The biggest contribution from Dravid has been his inculcating calmness in the young Indian boys, and that brought out the best in them all through the tournament.
They convincingly beat Australia, Papua New Guinea, Zimbabwe, Bangladesh and arch-rivals Pakistan on their way to the final and the story remained the same on Saturday as his charges galloped over the line in 38.5 overs with eight wickets in hand.
Certainly, these boys couldn't have had a better coach than Dravid.
There is no doubt players like Prithvi Shaw, Manjot Kalra, Kamlesh Nagarkoti, Shubman Gill and many others have a great future and when they reach that ultimate level of success, let's try not to forget who made it possible for them.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
United Nations: Overcoming the slowdown from demonetisation, the growth rate of India's economy is projected to accelerate from this year's 6.7 percent to 7.2 percent next year and 7.4 percent in 2019 making it again the world's fastest-growing major economy, the UN said on Monday.
"Despite the slowdown observed in early 2017 and the lingering effects from the demonetization policy, the outlook for India remains largely positive, underpinned by robust private consumption and public investment as well as ongoing structural reforms," according to the World Economic Situation and Prospects 2018 report.
However, the 7.2 percent growth rate projected for India next year in the latest report is lower than the mid-year update's projection made by the UN in May of 7.9 percent.
China's economic growth for this year was 6.8 percent, according to the report, putting it slightly ahead of India. But the growth projections for China are 6.5 percent next year and 6.3 percent in 2019
Releasing the report, Under Secretary-General for Economic and Social Affairs, Liu Zhenmin, said: "The upturn in global growth is a welcome sign of a healthier economy."
The report painted a rosier outlook for the world economy overall, saying "it has strengthened as lingering fragilities related to the global financial crisis subside" and recorded this year the "highest growth rate since 2011," even though it is only 3 percent. The report said that growth level is expected to continue over the next two years.
South and East Asia remain the world's most "dynamic regions" accounting for nearly half of global growth in 2017, with China alone contributing about one-third, the report said.
"Vigorous public investment in infrastructure has been critical" in counteracting negative developments.
The report warned that for India "the anaemic performance of private investment remains a key macroeconomic concern."
"Gross fixed capital formation as a share of GDP has declined from about 40 percent in 2010 to less than 30 percent in 2017," the report said. It added that there was "subdued credit growth, low capacity utilization in some industrial sectors and balance sheet problems in the banking and corporate sectors".
It also said that there was "some degree of uncertainty over the monetary policy stance in India." It added, "Subdued inflation, coupled with a good monsoon season, offers scope for additional monetary easing. However, if inflation accelerates faster than anticipated, the loosening cycle could end abruptly."
India's fiscal deficit has declined visibly, and it is expected to narrow further to 3.2 percent of GDP in 2018.
Liu also warned that the improved global economic growth "may come at an environmental cost".
"This calls for stronger efforts to delink economic growth and environmental degradation," he added.
Chloe Madeley continues to keep fit at the gym
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
She's no stranger to a gruelling workout or a slightly saucy gym selfie.
So, it was little surprise to see Chloe Madeley showcasing her incredible abs and athletic figure in her gym gear as she prepared to hit the gym, on Wednesday.
Sharing a snap of her in nothing but a sports bra and knickers with her 132,000 followers on Instagram, the 29-year-old personal trainer and nutrionist flaunted her impressive washboard abs and gym-honed figure as she prepared to work up a sweat.
(Photo: Instagram/madeleychloe)
Chloe, the daughter of TV favourites Richard Madeley and Judy Finnigan, couldn't resist showcasing the fruits of gym-based efforts to beat the post-Christmas bulge.
And it would seem that she's been hard at work over the last month, as she adopted a pose that showed off her toned tummy and lithe physique to the max.
Possibly in the midst of getting ready for her morning workout, the avid gym-goer - who is dating England rugby star James Haskell - couldn't resist snapping a shot in the mirror.
(Photo: Instagram)
And, clad in nothing but her bra and pants, Chloe's ripped physique was clear to see, as her rippling abs were clearly defined, as ere her toned legs and pert bottom.
Wearing her blonde hair tied back off of her face, she oozed confidence by going make-up free and showcasing her natural complexion and pretty features.
And while her figure may cause some envy amongst her thousands of followers, she has admitted it's been a "learning curve" getting into her healthy lifestyle.
(Photo: WENN)
Speaking about her journey to fitness guru, she admitted being in a relationship with a fellow fitness guru had helped, as she told Now magazine: "We choose the healthier option now and it's amazing now. We've got into our groove and it works."
However, that being said, she admitted she's not averse to having a break once in a while, enjoying a glass of wine and her favourite foods.
And it seems as though her own lifestyle is just as popular as other fitness guru's, as Chloe found her e-book, Eat Clean Get Lean, knocking Joe Wicks (The Bodycoach) off the top spot in December - one whole month before it was released.
Lenders to GTL have agreed to a sale of assets of the company, which will be divided among them under an agreed formula.
Mumbai: Lenders to GTL Ltd have agreed to a sale of assets of the company, which will be divided among them under an agreed formula, in a relief for the telecom infrastructure company that was on the brink of liquidation.
On Monday, all the parties including Mumbai-based GTL, its offshore lender Standard Chartered Bank Mauritius, which had filed a winding-up petition on behalf of non-convertible debenture holders, and a consortium of 17 banks led by the IDBI Bank filed the settlement in court.
GTL will be able to sell its assets now, but the company will have to first get the consent of its corporate debt restructuring (CDR) lenders.
“The petitioner No.1 (Standard Chartered Bank Mauritius) shall be entitled to its share of 24.83% of the proceeds of any one-time settlement as agreed upon in the meeting of the joint lender forum dated 4 December 2015 for the purpose of repaying the outstanding debt owed by the respondent (GTL Ltd) to its creditors,” said the parties in their consent terms filed in the court, a copy of which was reviewed by the Mint.
It further added that “the petitioners hereby agree to allow and support the respondents to take necessary steps to divest the respondent's assets and investments at such prices as to be able to recover maximum value for such assets and investments towards repayment of settlement amount.”
The lenders will now share the ratio of the sale proceeds as per the one-time settlement (OTS) agreement between all the parties. Company's joint lender forum (JLF) was discussing the settlement formula for a long time and now parties have reached a settlement.
Standard Chartered Bank Mauritius had filed a winding-up petition against the Manoj Tirodkar-promoted company in January 2015 for defaulting over dues of over Rs1,858 crore.
GTL had issued Rs1,400 crore of non-convertible debentures in 2010 in two tranches of Rs700 crore each. An NCD is a long-term financial instrument used to raise funds that usually offers a higher rate of return since it is unsecured and not convertible into equity.
However, GTL's secured creditors comprising around 17 lenders including the Indian subsidiary of the Standard Chartered Bank challenged the winding-up petition arguing in any such event, they will have first right on the proceeds since they are secured lenders. The company owed over Rs3,345 crore to the consortium led by IDBI Bank Ltd at the time the dispute.
An email query to IDBI Bank Ltd did not elicit any response, while Standard Chartered Bank declined to comment on the development. “The parties have agreed to settle matters outside court in an amicable manner,” said a GTL spokesperson in response to Mint's detailed email query.
When contacted, Nishit Dhruva, managing partner and Prakash Shinde, partner of law firm MDP Partners, who are representing the consortium, confirmed the development but refused to divulge more details. Law firm Trilegal is advising offshore lenders in the matter.
RENO COUNTY – A Kansas woman was injured in an accident just after 9a.m. on Monday in Reno County.
A vehicle driven by Jericah Ravenstein, Hutchinson, was traveling in the 5300 Block of North Plum, according to the Reno County Sheriff's Department.
The driver lost control of her car south of the roundabout intersection in the drizzle and fog.
The car slid sideways into the ditch before rolling over onto its top.
Ravenstein was not wearing her seat belt and was trapped inside the car.
EMS removed her from the car and transported her to Hutchinson Regional Medical center for further evaluation.
The Reno County Sheriff Office is continuing the investigation into the accident.
Miles Teller has been cast as the son of Goose in the long-planned sequel to “Top Gun.”
Teller was announced Tuesday as the co-star opposite Tom Cruise in “Top Gun: Maverick.” He'll be playing the son the of Maverick's wingman. Goose was played by Anthony Edwards in the 1986 original.
The film, which will also returns Val Kilmer as Iceman, is scheduled to be released by Paramount Pictures in July 2019. Directing is Joe Kosinski, who helmed “Oblivion,” also with Cruise.
Actors Glen Powell and Nicholas Hoult had been up for the much sought-after part, but Teller won out.
The 31-year-old actor celebrated on Twitter with the first half of a famous quote from “Top Gun”: “I feel the need . . . ”
1:51 Pilot takes down passenger who pushed flight attendant Pause
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this
1:32 Dallas Police warn against celebrating with gunfire
1:24 Tony Romo says he showed he can be the same guy
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
1:35 Police Athletic League starts boxing program
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America's Team?
1:12 Man's best friend also becomes man's best colleague
0:24 Fire engulfs vacant house on Fort Worth Avenue
Prolific songwriter Blair Dunlop is going on tour to give fans a taste of his upcoming new album.
But first he will be entertaining music lovers in north Derbyshire, where his parents - respected folk artists Ashley Hutchings and Judy Dunlop - reside.
Blair will be performing at Chesterfield Library Theatre on Friday, October 13, in a concert arranged by the town's folk club.
He's been hard at work in the studio focusing on a follow-up to his 2016 album, Gilded.
Three tracks from his upcoming new long-olayer will be released as an EP this month to coincide with the tour which takes in The Greystones, Sheffield, on October 21 and The Flowerpot, Derby, on October 26. He will be supported on these two dates by London singer-songwriter Brooke Sharkey who has drawn comparisons with Kate Bush, Ane Brun and Cat Power
Blair will head to Australia next year for a tour and festival appearances, then onto America to capitalise on his successful debut at Folk Alliance 2017 in Kansas.
Four years ago he won the Horizon Award for best emerging artist the BBC Radio 2 Folk Awards.
[WARNING: The following story contains spoilers about Monday's episode of Quantico. Read at your own risk.]
Quantico unmasked all the collaborators on Monday's episode, but the conspiracy is just beginning -- especially after that explosive ending.
Chasing down a lead, Sasha (Karolina Wydra) climbs into her car only for it to explode right in front of Ryan (Jake McLaughlin). This, after it became clear that they were both looking into the same thing: the collaborators. With Sasha eavesdropping, the remaining four collaborators were identified by Sebastian (David Lim), who was also investigating the collaborators in the wake of Carly's death. He had only been tailing the task force to make sure that they were all on the same side. Oh, and he didn't kill Harry (Russell Tovey), who is alive and in the wind.
Spring TV: Must-see new shows
Alex (Priyanka Chopra) & Co. get another, pre-car exploding win, after realizing that the collaborators want to incite a riot in a hung jury case in Cleveland, where Miranda (Aunjanue Ellis) is the agent on the ground... and hilariously outs Raina (Yasmine Al Massri) playing Nimah. The collaborators' grand plan was for Roarke (Dennis Boutskikaris) to give a rousing speech after a guilty verdict, but Clay (Hunter Parrish) -- after Caleb (Graham Rogers) lovingly antagonizes him - cuts him off at the knees by bringing in Claire (Marcia Cross) to speak to the people and win back points. Roarke's next move? Blackmailing Felix (Jon Kortajarena) to find out what his pal Clay is up to, or else he'll deport Felix.
We caught up with creator and showrunner Joshua Safran to break down all these developments and what you can expect in the remaining four episodes.
Is Sasha dead?
Joshua Safran: Yes, she is unfortunately. We are very sad about that.
What was the lead she was chasing?
Safran: She was pretty much onto the same thing our team has been onto. Since she's dead, we don't ever explain that, but the point is she is a very good investigative journalist and she was able to put together pieces that it took Sebastian to tell the team. So I think had she lived, everyone would've come to the same conclusion by the next week.
Are we to assume the shadow group and collaborators killed her?
Safran: You will find out exactly who killed her soon.
How does this affect Ryan? He put on his agent face this episode trying to suss her out, but he was obviously into her.
Safran: He's not happy. I think he actually really liked her. Even if they were looking into each other, they definitely liked each other. So he's going to be sad and he's going to have a little bit of a chip on his shoulder about it and we're going to see what's going to happen from there.
Why did you decide to reveal all the collaborators this episode?
Safran: Especially coming from two timelines, it just didn't feel like we could [unveil] one person a week. Because then it'd be like, "Oh, I'll wait and I'll watch the finale and figure out who everyone is." So we decided pretty early to get to the collaborators quickly because what it's about is not unmasking them but what they're after. The last four episodes are what about they're after. [Episode] 19 is a pretty big clue.
I love how you just used Sebastian, like, "Here are four more names!"
Safran: [Laughs] Yeah, you know, he's been doing his work! And also, you get to see what happened to Harry.
Are we going to see Sebastian again?
Safran: We are not, but not because we didn't want to. We wanted to, but he joined S.W.A.T. So that's where he went.
He's fighting crime elsewhere. Are they going to be mentions of him or Harry again?
Safran: There might be, but I think that Sebastian helps the story here and that was his thing. I'm sure there'll always be mentions of Harry. Sadly, we won't see him again because of Angels in America [in which Tovey is starring in London], but if there's a Season 3, maybe we will!
What's the plan now? They have all the names. Ryan's asset is dead. Clay won the chess match with Roarke this time.
Safran: Oh, that's the fun of 19. I can say that Caleb is the one who comes up with the plan. They have a plan to take them out once and for all. And you'll see if it works or not.
I liked the scene between him and Clay. First of all, did you actually film a fight between them and then cut it?
Safran: No, it was scripted that way. But Hunter and Graham are friends in real life and they've always known they look alike and then getting to act together was just very fun for them.
Priyanka Chopra, Quantico
Would Clay have thrown in the towel, or how different do you think his plans would've been, had Caleb not shown up?
Safran: As a strategist, he's always looking for a new way. I think he was just looking for a new way. That scene with him and Dennis Boutsikaris is so good. Dennis is really fun to have around. And Jon as Felix -- there were fun group things in this episode. But nothing beats Clay and Caleb. There's a lot more Clay and Caleb in the next episode.
Well, now Shelby (Johanna Braddy) knows he's back. He obviously knows there's a thing between her and Clay. He warned her here, but is there going to be more of that?
Safran: Oh, yes. There's going to be much more. ... He is looking out for his brother and his family and it gets to a pretty interesting place next week. It's not what you'd expect. Let's just say somebody ends up in bed with somebody. Maybe it's Clay and Caleb having a brotherly sleepover.
They're just wrestling. But there's definitely a Haas involved?
Safran: Exactly! There's definitely a Haas involved.
You said last week you guys couldn't shoot one of the scenes of Alex helping Owen. What was that?
Safran: The opening was supposed to be that she took him to Quantico and they were going to be in the blue Henleys and they were going to do all the Quantico stuff from Season 1. But we shot this episode around the first big snowstorm of the year, so we couldn't go outside. So we did it all at the pool instead. But it would've been fun to go to Quantico. Priyanka was so excited to be in the blue Henley. Blair really wanted to be in a blue Henley.
You were going to put in him a blue Henley?
Safran: Yeah! They were going to be in them, but sadly it couldn't happen. Maybe there'll be a chance soon. Somebody will be in a blue Henley soon, I'll say that.
Oh, really? It's not a flashback or anything?
Safran: Nope. It's in the present story.
Are we going to see Miranda again?
Safran: Yes. I'm not going to tell you how. She is forced at a certain point to help. She's compelled to help.
I like how she casually called out Raina.
Safran: Yeah! I mean, she was their handler, she recruited them. Of course she was going to know. Raina played Nimah and Nimah played Raina before, and they're good at it, so it's not surprising that [everyone else] couldn't tell right away.
Is anyone else going to find out?
Safran: The team knows. Whether the world finds out is something I'm not going to reveal because if they did find out, she'd be thrown in jail. ... I don't want to [say when] because it'll give away some things, but you will see Nimah again.
Roarke is blackmailing Felix. Where do Felix's loyalties lie? He's playing both sides, but he's just looking out for himself.
Safran: Yeah, Felix looks out for himself above all, so it doesn't really matter where his loyalties lie because they'll change a second later. So you'll have to wait and see where he ultimately ends up.
What else can you tease about the last four episodes?
Safran: There are a couple more returning faces. But not Harry. ... We really tried. The problem is they rehearse six days a week and he's in tech, so it's not for lack of trying. He wanted to come back, we wanted him to come back, we were trying to make it work.
You should've just gone to London.
Safran: Oh my God, I would've loved it. But there's this thing called the union and we shoot in America. But hopefully if there's a Season 3, we'll spend more time with Harry. I know the network is very much behind the show. They especially love the back nine [episodes]. We just got off a notes call for [Episode] 21 and they were talking about how much they love the back nine. We're in a good place creatively. We have the viewers we have. I think it comes down to, are they comfortable with a show that has the viewers that it has?
Quantico airs Mondays at 10/9c on ABC.
China Says It Will Shut Down Its Ivory Trade in 2017
Enlarge this image toggle caption Khalil Senosi/AP Khalil Senosi/AP
Almost a million elephants roamed Africa 25 years ago. Assessments of their population now vary, but suggest there are fewer than half that many. The main reason for the decline is ivory. Despite a 1989 ban on ivory trade, poachers continue to kill elephants for their tusks.
Now China, the destination for most of that ivory, has announced it will shut down its domestic ivory market.
Wildlife experts had thought that the international ban on ivory trade would slow or even stop the killing of elephants for their tusks. It didn't...in fact the killing got worse. That's mostly because the ban didn't cover OLDER ivory, that is, ivory taken from elephants BEFORE the 1989 ban. So people are still killing elephants but passing off their ivory as old, and therefore legal to trade.
John Robinson, with the Wildlife Conservation Society, says efforts to stop the supply of ivory at the source, in Africa, have not been very successful. "Addressing the demand is absolutely essential if we are going to deal with the poaching issues," he says.
And the biggest source of demand for ivory has been China. "Almost all the ivory is for carving," says Robinson. "China has had a history of doing so. Whole tusks are carved into elaborately assembled pieces of one kind or another."
Now China has agreed to close down that legal trade by the end of 2017. Robinson says it's an announcement conservationists have been waiting for since 2015, when U.S. and Chinese officials started negotiating an end to China's trade. "Certainly closing down domestic ivory in China will have a dramatic impact," says Robinson. "The Chinese market is the largest ivory market in the world." Says conservation expert Elly Pepper at the Natural Resources Defense Council: "It's a game changer and could be the pivotal turning point that brings elephants back from the brink of extinction."
The Chinese government has laid out an extensive plan that includes putting ivory carvers to work on existing museum pieces or other projects. The government says it will also educate the public on the consequences of ivory trading for elephant populations.
The Obama administration already has shut down almost all trade in ivory in the U.S., and several states have their own bans.
Robinson says the Chinese decision may help convince other countries that trade in ivory, such as Vietnam, the United Kingdom and Japan, to do the same.
Next Up The Most Anticipated New Winter Shows
OK, we can agree that sleeping with your underage student is a pretty big secret that you wouldn't want anyone to discover... but is that the only thing Ms. Grundy (Sarah Habel) is hiding on Riverdale?
It turns out that Archie's (KJ Apa) music teacher/girlfriend has a few skeletons in her closet, and that's why she was so paranoid about letting Archie go to the police to report what they heard on the morning of the Fourth of July.
Catch up on all this week's Mega Buzz!
Betty (Lili Reinhart) uses her position as the school newspaper editor to investigate Ms. Grundy and finds out more than she bargained for.
"Questions that seemed answered get raised again," executive producer Roberto Aguirre-Sacasa teases. "The secret breaks out in a very big way, and the fallout from that has not even really begun yet." We can promise you that Betty is not going to like what she discovers -- and the consequences will have a lasting effect.
Crave scoop on your favorite TV shows? E-mail questions to mega_scoop@tvguide.com or drop us a line at Twitter.com/TVGuide.
(Full disclosure: TVGuide.com is owned by CBS, one of the CW's parent companies)
April 6 World Corporation Pcl:
* Approved of 100 pct acquisition of ordinary shares of Suburb Estates Company Limited, total investment value is baht 592.70 million
* Approved of 100 pct acquisition of ordinary shares of ordinary shares of Thai Bonnet Trading Zone Co, total investment value is baht 296.44 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
× GoDaddy boots neo-Nazi site after a derogatory story on the Charlottesville victim
The Daily Stormer, a white supremacist and neo-Nazi website, needs to find another domain name provider after GoDaddy gave it the boot following a derogatory story about the woman killed at the Charlottesville, Virginia, rally.
The site, which calls itself “The World's Most Genocidal Republican Website,” registered its name with GoDaddy — but GoDaddy doesn't host the Daily Stormer's content.
Nevertheless, the company said it wants nothing to do with the site following a piece on Heather Heyer. Heyer died after a car rammed a crowd of counter-protesters gathered to oppose a “Unite the Right” rally of white nationalist and other right-wing groups.
We informed The Daily Stormer that they have 24 hours to move the domain to another provider, as they have violated our terms of service. — GoDaddy (@GoDaddy) August 14, 2017
“We have informed The Daily Stormer that they have 24 hours to move the domain to another provider, as they have violated our terms of service. If no action is taken after 24 hours, we will cancel the service,” GoDaddy spokesman Dan Race told CNN in a statement.
“Given their latest article comes on the immediate heels of a violent act, we believe this type of article could incite additional violence, which violates our terms of service.”
An article posted on the Daily Stormer called Heyer “fat and a drain on society.”
“Despite feigned outrage by the media, most people are glad she is dead, as she is the definition of uselessness,” the story said. “A 32-year-old woman without children is a burden on society and has no value.”
James Alex Fields Jr. is accused of running his Dodge Challenger into a crowd of people, killing Heyer and injuring at least 19 others.
Fields is being held on suspicion of second-degree murder, malicious wounding and failure to stop in an accident that resulted in death. It is unclear whether he has an attorney.
According to the Southern Poverty Law Center, “the Daily Stormer is dedicated to spreading anti-Semitism, neo-Nazism, and white nationalism, primarily through guttural hyperbole and epithet-laden stories about topics like alleged Jewish world control and black-on-white crime.”
The SPLC, which tracks hate groups, says the unapologetic hatred on the Daily Stormer — which also takes aim at African-Americans and opponents of President Donald Trump, for example — is a catalyst for division.
Among its readers were Charleston, South Carolina, church mass killer Dylann Roof and the murderer of Jo Cox, a British legislator.
A post on the website's homepage claimed that it had been taken over by hacktivist group Anonymous. However, most links to previous posts were still active, and a tweet from an account associated with Anonymous said it could not confirm that the group was involved.
CNN has reached out to the Daily Stormer for comment.
We have no confirmation that "Anonymous" is involved yet. Looks more like a DS stunt. Wonder if they are having issues finding a new host. https://t.co/ikXXRBfC5p — Anonymous (@YourAnonNews) August 14, 2017
Founder praises Trump response
Andrew Anglin, the creator of the site, praised President Donald Trump for not specifically blaming neo-Nazis and white supremacists following the Charlottesville rally, saying “he loves us.”
Trump said on Saturday “we condemn in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence, on many sides. On many sides. It's been going on for a long time in our country. Not Donald Trump, not Barack Obama. This has been going on for a long, long time.”
The outcry against the President's remarks was long and loud and crossed party lines for failing to single out and condemn white nationalists. Anglin blogged that Trump's comments were “good.”
“He didn't attack us. He just said the nation should come together. Nothing specific against us. He said that we need to study why people are so angry , and implied that there was hate on … both sides!” Anglin wrote. “There was virtually no counter signaling of us at all. He loves us all.”
GoDaddy, headquartered in Arizona, says it is the “world's largest domain name registrar” and “hosts more than 10 million websites around the world.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Seriously ill toddler Alfie Evans will face a new hospital scan before a ruling is made on whether to switch his life support off.
Mr Justice Hayden formally asked Alder Hey Children's Hospital in Liverpool for a new MRI scan this afternoon before he faced making what he described as a "life-and-death decision".
Tom Evans, 21, and Kate James, 20, have been fighting the children's hospital for months over the fate of their 20-month-old son who they want to take abroad to be re-assessed.
Alfie is in a "semi-vegetative state" and has a brain condition which doctors have not been able to diagnose and do not expect him to recover from.
The Alder Hey NHS Trust has argued that continuing life support is not in Alfie's best interests and say continuing to treat him is “unkind and inhumane”.
(Image: PA)
(Image: PA)
(Image: Tom Evans/Kate James)
A decision at Liverpool Civil and Family Court will happen after the new scan takes place.
Yesterday, Mr Evans' broke down in tears as the court was told that further hospital treatment is "futile" as his child had suffered “catastrophic” brain damage.
Medic says that the child, born on May 9 2016, is in a "semi-vegetative state" and has a degenerative neurological condition doctors have not definitively diagnosed.
(Image: Liverpool Echo)
(Image: PA)
Alfie's parents believe their son responds to them - but the court heard that any movements by the child are spontaneous seizures as a result of touching.
Speaking today, Mr Justice Hayden said: "I'm going to request there is an MRI. I've decided it's necessary to be able to make this enormous decision.”
Mr Michael Mylonas QC, who is representing Alder Hey, responded: “We will endeavour to have that done as soon as possible.”
The judge continued to speak of the gravity of the decision he is faced with making.
“I'm making a life-and-death decision.
“So is it unreasonable to want all the information you can possibly have when being asked to make that kind of decision?” he added.
(Image: Liverpool Echo)
(Image: Liverpool Echo)
Earlier, Mr Evans has said he was "scared" of a potential scan because of what happeend during Alfie's last one in August.
However, he accepted the judge's reasons for not wanting a scan.
He said: “We were sat down and were told Alfie was coming to the end of his life. I was told Alfie had nearly gone.
“The only reason I'm scared is because of what the doctors said to us. They don't give him the benefit of the doubt.
“I can't face the conversation with the doctors. It's heartbreaking to listen to the same things, but it's key for Alfie's sake we get an MRI.”
(Image: Liverpool Echo)
(Image: Liverpool Echo)
The exchange took place after a doctor told the judge there is "no hope" for the seriously ill child.
The consultant, who has treated Alfie at Alder Hey Children's Hospital in Liverpool, told the High Court hearing the child was unresponsive, not conscious of his surroundings and could not be cured.
The consultant giving evidence during the second day of the hearing on Friday told the court: "When we see disease like this, this is one of the reasons people don't want to become paediatric neurologists because they are awful and it is not a word I choose lightly.
"There's no cure and no hope for a cure.
"This is one of the most difficult of all things, most difficult things for parents but also for professionals."
Michael Mylonas QC, representing Alder Hey, asked the witness about the medical team's conclusion that further life support should be stopped.
He said: "It is very easy to understand why the family are upset. They see that as withdrawing life for a child which will result in his death earlier than if ventilation continues?"
The medic responded: "Only if I'm convinced, and this is as close to 100% as I possibly can, to accept that there's no hope, so for me this and the concept of no hope of improvement or treatment is a line which I don't step over or don't come to very lightly.
"It is a big step for me to recognise and accept that there's no hope for recovery and there's no hope for a meaningful life with a reasonable quality.
(Image: PA)
"Then the next step is, 'Is this wrong?' We have to consider the best interests of the child before you consider anything else. In the first instance our duty is to consider the best interests of the child."
Mr Justice Anthony Hayden, hearing the case, asked the witness of his assessment of Alfie's level of consciousness.
He replied: "I don't think Alfie is aware. I don't think he's conscious."
Earlier the hearing was told it was understandable that Alfie's family could not be blamed for "leaving no stone unturned" in trying to get him treatment.
But a "cohort" of world experts had come to the same conclusions that his disease was incurable.
The hearing continues.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Addenbrooke's Hospital is one of the most expensive in England for parking, according to new figures.
It will set you back an average of £2.50 an hour to park at the hospital - one of the highest average hourly rates in England.
The cost of parking at Addenbrooke's has risen from an average of £2.43 an hour in 2015/16, according to the figures from the Estates Return Information Collection published by NHS Digital.
Outpatients, day surgery and emergency patients pay £3.60 for up to 24 hours on any day of the week.
But visitors pay £2.90 for up to an hour on a sliding scale, which sees them charged up to £18.50 to park for eight hours or more.
Papworth Hospital charges £2.50 for three hours, and £5 for up to 24 hours.
And if you want to park at Hinchingbrooke Hospital in Huntingdon, you will pay £2.90 for up to four hours, £4 for up to eight hours, and £6 for up to 24 hours.
A spokesman for Cambridge University Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust, which runs Addenbrooke's, said: “Our car parks were built, and are operated by, external contractors and provide more than 4,000 spaces for our patients and visitors.
“As a result, we ensure that there are good quality, well maintained car parks available, without diverting funds from patient care.
“We recognise the challenges of driving and parking in Cambridge and have been working hard as a Trust and with our travel partners to support and develop sustainable travel options.”
Out of 472 acute hospital trust sites across England, 303 charge patients for parking, down from 305 sites in 2015/16, while 307 charge staff to park, up from 303 in 2015/16.
There are 121 trust sites - almost a quarter - that charge for disabled parking, up from 117 in 2015/16.
Across England, 15 sites started charging staff to park in 2016/17. There are 73 sites in England that have upped the cost of parking for staff, compared to 41 that have dropped prices for staff.
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app. It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple's App Store , or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play .
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are on a four day tour of Sweden and Norway , where they'll be visiting landmarks, mingling with locals and spending time with the respective royal families of each country.
Kate, who is around six months pregnant with her third child , has been wowing us with maternity outfits old and new over the past few months.
As usual, Kate likes to display sartorial diplomacy, whether that be through her choice in colours or designers, so expect her to add some Scandinavian wears to her wardrobe.
And of course, she'll fly the flag for British fashion and her stylist Natasha Archer is likely to have packed pieces from favourites such as Catherine Walker, Erdem and Alexander McQueen .
Take a look at all of her outfits from the royal tour 2018.
Outfit 9: KJUS orange and white ski jacket to tour Holmenkollen Ski Jump in Oslo
(Image: PA)
For their final engagement of the tour, the Duke and Duchess toured Holmenkollen Ski Jump to watch juniors from Norway's national team and to see a group of local nursery children take part in a lesson.
(Image: PA)
Kate and William looked very cosy in ski jackets and bobble hats. The Duchess wore a white and orange stripe 'Duana' jacket, £650, by Norwegian brand KJUS, while William complemented her in blue - a subtle nod to the host's national colours.
(Image: Rex)
Kate teamed her outerwear with black jeans, gloves and her waterproof 'Torino' snow boots (£120) from Sorel. She topped off her look with a white hand-knitted beanie, £26, by Barts - a Scandi-based brand.
(Image: WireImage)
Prince William also sported another beanie hat by charity brand Gandys.
Outfit 8: Dolce & Gabbana coat and TiMo dress to visit Hartvig Nissen School in Oslo
(Image: Getty)
For the fourth and final day of the tour, Kate and William visited Hartvig Nissen School in Oslo, which was the location for the hugely successful Norwegian TV programme 'Skam.'
(Image: Daily Mirror)
The Duchess looked cosy and chic in a burgundy double-breasted coat by Dolce & Gabbana. It's a new addition to her arsenal of outerwear but perfect for the Nordic conditions.
(Image: Rex)
Her Tod's suede block heels have clearly become a staple for the Duchess and we dare say, are more comfortable than stiletto heels when you're pregnant.
(Image: Rex)
She teamed it with matching black accessories, her trusty Mulberry Bayswater clutch, which she has owned for years.
(Image: Rex)
Kate kept her jewellery simple by choosing her Mappin & Webb 'Empress' earrings.
(Image: Getty)
We also got a glimpse of her dress underneath her coat, believed to be by Oslo brand TiMo, which is also a favourite of Crown Princess Mette-Marit.
Outfit 7: Alexander McQueen dress for dinner at Royal Palace in Oslo
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
For an evening dinner at the Royal Palace in Oslo, Kate wore a blush pink floor-length gown by Alexander McQueen.
(Image: REUTERS)
The flowing dress featured crystal embellishment detailing, a sleeveless bodice and a cape overlay. The empire line flattered Kate's baby bump and made her look very regal.
(Image: REUTERS)
The Duchess borrowed jewels from the royal jewellery box - the Queen's diamond drop pendant earrings.
(Image: REUTERS)
She also wore the Queen's wedding gift bracelet and completed her look with her blush Jimmy Choo 'Celeste' clutch, which has paved rhinstones on the frame.
Outfit 6: Catherine Walker blue coat and Seraphine navy dress to arrive in Norway
(Image: Daily Mirror)
William and Kate arrived to snow in Norway, as they were greeted by Crown Prince Haakon and Crown Princess Mette-Marit. They were forced to abandon their final stop in Sweden, due to the weather.
(Image: Getty)
Kate stepped off the plane in a blue funnel neck coat by Catherine Walker (for the third time on this tour).
(Image: Rex)
She very bravely opted for nude hosiery and her Tod's suede block heels - not exactly snow-friendly, but she did step straight into a car after arriving. She teamed it with a matching clutch - her Mulberry Bayswater bag.
(Image: Rex)
Her hair was styled into an elegant chignon, like previously for her evening engagement in Stockholm and she was once again wearing her sapphire diamond drop earrings to match the blue ensemble.
(Image: Getty)
The couple met the rest of the Norwegian royal family at the Royal Palace. Kate removed her coat to reveal her her £169 Seraphine 'Marlene' dress. The navy-blush frock features a lace bodice, high neck and subtle bell sleeves - a style Kate seems to be fond of on this trip.
(Image: Getty)
Outfit 5: Erdem blue velvet dress for evening reception at at the Fotografiska Gallery in Stockholm
(Image: PA)
The couple spent the day in Oslo, where they explored the Princess Ingrid Alexandra Sculpture Park within the Palace gardens. Kate sensibly changed into brown suede boots and added her Troy London faux fur collar to her coat. There was also the return of the furry brown hat and her Cornelia James 'Clementine' gloves.
Kate attended her second evening reception in Sweden and again opted for a dress by favourite Erdem.
(Image: Getty)
The blue velvet Christina dress features a floral print, a high neckline and bell sleeves. Unsurprisingly the midi-frock, which originally cost £2,690, has already sold out.
(Image: Getty)
The Duchess teamed it with her Gianvito Rossi d'Orsay ankle-strap heels, first seen in Paris last year.
(Image: PA)
She wore her hair in an elegant updo, which showed off a new pair of earrings - Robinson Pelham's 18ct white gold Aspen hoops from their Oxygen collection, which cost £4,900.
(Image: Splash)
Kate arrived at the event wearing a new coat by Ida Sjöstedt - one of the Swedish royals' favourite native designers. She teamed it with her Troy London faux fur collar and cuffs.
Outfit 4: Catherine Walker red and white houndstooth coat and Alexander McQueen boucle dress to visit the Karolinska Institute, Matteusskolan School and the NK exhibition
(Image: WireImage)
On day two, Kate stepped out in a red and white houndstooth coat by Catherine Walker, with double-breasted button detailing, which flattered her baby bump.
(Image: WireImage)
It was another busy day for her and William as they visited the Karolinska Institute and Matteusskolan School to hear about Sweden's approach to managing mental health challenges.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
They then opened an interactive exhibition of UK design, fashion and brands within one of Sweden's leading department stores NK, followed by high tea with Crown Princess Victoria and Prince Daniel.
(Image: Getty)
After wearing Princess Diana's earrings to the black-tie dinner, Kate paid another subtle tribute to her late mother-in-law by donning a similar outfit to a striking two-piece Diana wore in 1990.
(Image: WireImage)
Kate appears to have ditched her favourite LK Bennett nude courts of late, opting for another chunky heeled pair of Tod's. The £135 burgundy fringed pumps made their debut on the royal tour of Canada in 2016.
(Image: Getty)
The Duchess also toted her burgundy Chanel quilted calfskin bag with enamel handle, which is believed to have originally retailed for around £3,762. Kate has a penchant for clutch bags, but appears to be taking a leaf out of her future sister-in-law Meghan Markle's book and carrying more practical accessories.
(Image: Splash)
Pearl accessories completed her look, but it's a new pair for the Duchess. The £106 Baroque pearl drop earrings are by Swedish jewellery company in2Design.
(Image: PA)
Later Kate removed her coat to reveal she was wearing a bespoke Alexander McQueen boucle-tweed dress underneath, with an empire line, which was perfect for her growing baby bump.
Outfit 3: Erdem floral dress for black tie dinner at the Residence of the British Ambassador in Stockholm
(Image: REUTERS)
On Tuesday night (day one) Kate and William joined the Swedish royal family for a black tie dinner at the Residence of the British Ambassador in Stockholm.
Kate wowed in a bold floral Erdem dress in mustard gold - a subtle tribute to one of Sweden's national colours - which appears to be a modified version of the brand's silk-crepe de Chine 'Stephanie' gown , from the AW17 collection, and costs £1,945.
(Image: Getty)
She teamed it with a new burgundy-red suede clutch.
(Image: Getty)
Her chic updo showed that she was wearing Princess Diana's Collingwood pearl and diamond earrings and matching bracelet.
Outfit 2: Catherine Walker dress and matching coat to attend lunch and walkabout with Sweden's royal family
(Image: PA)
There was time for a quick change after the bandy hockey game, for a lunch with Sweden's royal family - King Carl XVI Gustaf, Queen Silvia, Prince Daniel and Victoria, Crown Princess of Sweden.
(Image: DAILY MIRROR)
Kate wore a bespoke design by tour favourite Catherine Walker, which looked to be a modification of their funnel-neck 'Bea' coatdress . The Duchess teamed it with semi-sheer tights and her trusty Tod's suede block heel pumps.
(Image: PA)
The Swedish royals accompanied the Duke and Duchess on a walk around Stockholm, where Kate decided to swap her heels for her Russell & Bromley/Stuart Weitzman HALFNHALF knee-high boots .
(Image: PA)
She also covered up in a matching forest green coat, also by Catherine Walker, which was midi-length and featured oversized buttons.
(Image: PA)
She donned another piece of headwear - the black furry hat we saw her wearing for the church service at Sandringham on Christmas Day. She added an extra layer of warmth with a faux fur collar, £65, and matching cuffs, £40, by Troy London .
(Image: Getty)
We also saw the Duchess toting a new handbag - Mulberry 's £895 Mini Seaton style, which has a signature Rider's Lock.
(Image: PA)
And finally, Kate completed her look with her her Kiki McDonough 'special edition' drop earrings with green amethyst, green tourmaline and diamond gems, which are believed to have been made for Kate after Princess Charlotte's birth. She first debuted them on the royal tour of India and Bhutan in 2016.
Outfit 1: Burberry coat to watch bandy hockey game at Vasparken public park in Stockholm, Sweden
Kate and William braved Nordic temperatures for their first engagement of the royal tour and watched a bandy hockey game at Vasparken public park, in Stockholm.
(Image: PA)
Kate wrapped up in Burberry's £2,495 'Tolladine' double-breasted coat with plush shearling and black jeans, likely to be one of her trusty Zara skinnies. She championed both British and Swedish fashions on day one, wearing a £139 Ovik Folk Knit Sweater by Fjallraven .
In order not to slip on the ice, Kate opted to wear waterproof 'Torino' snow boots (£120) by Canadian label Sorel and suede faux fur trim thermal gloves, £21, from John Lewis .
(Image: WireImage)
The Duchess looked adorable in a £103 Eugenia Kim pom pom hat , with her hair cascading around her shoulders in loose waves.
(Image: PA)
There was some controversy around this choice, as social media users believed she was wearing a version of the beanie, which contains fox fur. However Kensington Palace stressed that Kate was wearing the faux fur style.
She finished off her look with a £89 cashmere fine cable snood in bordeaux from Brora , which matched Prince William's hat, and her Asprey button earrings .
HARTFORD, Conn. (WTNH)– Crews knocked down a two-alarm fire at a restaurant in a strip mall in Hartford, Wednesday morning.
The fire broke out around 4:48 a.m. at a restaurant called Mar Y Tierra at 693 Park Street. While the fire was mostly in a back kitchen, it is causing a lot of smoke. The smoke initially extended through multiple store fronts. The fire was under control by 5:20 a.m.
Large open area at the working fire on 693 park st. Tactical unit 1 utilizing search ropes. — Raul Ortiz (@ortizraulHFD) February 15, 2017
Firefighters found no one inside the restaurant and there are no reports of injuries.
2nd alarm fire on 693 park st has been knocked down. Searches for occupants are negative. — Raul Ortiz (@ortizraulHFD) February 15, 2017
The cause of the fire remains under investigation.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Paul Nuttall is a man of great integrity and would not say something he knew to be untrue.
We know this because his press officer Lynda Roughley told us so, shortly after telling us she'd said stuff about him that was total rubbish.
And that's despite the fact he's been previously found to not have been either a professional footballer for Tranmere Rovers, a doctor of history, or a resident of Stoke-on-Trent.
But if he's a man of great integrity and yet able to do such a good impression of an habitual liar, why not use it for good?
I don't just mean the white lies many of us tell, about the size of our partner's less-than-bijou bums or the real reason we were late home. Perhaps he could use his skills to improve and enliven the whole world, rather than just to get himself elected.
Just think how the headlines could read, if he tried...
1. Paul Nuttall destroys Donald Trump!
(Photo: Getty)
If there's anyone who can take on the Giant Wotsit in the White House and his alternative facts, it's Nutty Nuttall.
TRUMP: "There were 1.5million people at my inauguration!"
NUTTY: "There are 400million migrants on their way to Stoke!"
TRUMP: "Global warming is a hoax by the Chinese!"
NUTTY: "The NHS is a hoax by the Muslims!"
TRUMP: "They let you grab 'em by the p**** when you're famous!"
NUTTY: "What's a p****?"
If we could get these two together in some sort of Poetically Insane Claim-Off, Nutty could make Trump resign in under a minute.
Nuttall has the political connections and tiny hands to get into the White House, so we simply need to club together to pay the postage.
2. Paul Nuttall brings back BHS!
(Photo: Daily Mirror)
More than 11,000 people lost their jobs, and hundreds of high streets lost their cheap towels, when BHS closed last year.
Nutty has however already opened a rebranded store on a Stoke street corner, from which he is hawking secondhand Faragisms, a lot of cheap shots and an offer to end unemployment by giving himself two well-paid jobs as both an MEP and MP.
It might not do as much to fill the £571m pensions black hole as selling BHS goods online will, but he can at least claim to be reinvigorating Britain's high streets and increasing footfall by attracting regular protest marches.
If Nutty decides to boast of getting a knighthood for services to British business, perhaps Sir Philip Green will feel compelled for reasons of hygiene to hand his own back.
3. Paul Nuttall brings Andy Capp to life!
(Photo: LNP)
We don't know whether it was Nutty or his press officer who decided a flat cap and barely-furnished terrace was the best way to secure working-class votes.
But either way, the resemblance he bears to a racist idiot who barely works and can't see any further than the brim of his hat is uncanny.
By bringing such social satire to life Nutty is showing, just as Reg Smythe did in his cartoon strip, every northern man how not to behave. An Alf Garnett for our times. Go Nutty!
4. Paul Nuttall saves British egg industry!
(Photo: Getty Images Europe)
You may not know it, but this winter has seen a suspected outbreak of bird 'flu which has meant poultry farms have had to keep all their birds indoors.
For those whose eggs and chickens are certified free range, the length of this quarantine has caused concern they would lose this major selling point, which allows them to charge a premium for their product.
Luckily, all Nutty has to do is walk down the street and every passing pedestrian experiences an uncontrollable urge to buy half a dozen large ones.
Despite modern food fads Nutty is single-handedly restoring our need to start the day on an egg. Right in the chops, for preference.
5. Paul Nuttall reforms The Beatles!
(Photo: PA)
In his continued quest to be the Best Scouser Of All Time, our hero has abandoned claims to have lost close friends at Hillsborough and set about getting the original boy band back together.
All right, two of them are dead, Sir Paul can't get his thumb down long enough to play the bass any more and Ringo has told him to sod off. But Nutty sees no reason why that means he can't play Wembley, be photographed in bed with Yoko Ono and demand all songwriting credits be altered to read Nuttall/Lennon/McCartney.
His version of Yellow Submarine will make William Shatner's Lucy in the Sky with Diamonds sound like a tone-deaf old git doing it for the cash, and add immeasurably to the gaiety of the entire nation.
6. Paul Nuttall finds Shergar!
(Photo: Getty)
Having been exposed as the sort of fantasist you usually expect to find behind three computer screens in his mum's back bedroom, Nutty sets about showing he does know what facts are by solving some of the greatest mysteries of our time.
He not only finds out who stole the five-year-old winner of the Epsom Derby in 1983, but reveals he was used as a secret stud and traces his bloodline all the way to Benedict Cumberbatch.
After lunch, Nuttall reveals he is in fact Lord Lucan, has a full head of hair and has been putting on the Scouse act all along.
7. Paul Nuttall reopens libraries!
(Photo: Twitter/@Markfergusonuk)
With 343 libraries closed since 2010 with the loss of 8,000 jobs, our population has become dangerously reliant on things Google allows us to know.
Last year a survey found the number of Americans who had visited a library just once had dropped from 53% to 44%. A few months later, they voted for Donald Trump.
We all know Nutty thinks books are important, because a picture of him with some was digitally altered to make it look like there were twice as many and that they weren't all called Paul Goes To Strasbourg Five Days A Month And Makes £80,000 A Year.
His former history lecturer David Renton even claimed that Nutty has shown signs of reading almost too much, having once quoted Holocaust-denier David Irving in an essay about the causes of the mass murder of Jews, homosexuals, gypsies, the disabled and political opponents.
(Photo: PA)
Perhaps the libraries Nutty would reopen would contain the sort of books not everyone likes, but at least they'd only be photoshopped onto the shelves so we could delete them when his back was turned.
If Nutty refuses to his powers for good, and confuse us all by saying things that don't turn out to be exactly true, then we will have no choice but to start believing the opposite of everything he says.
Which means immigration is good, sensible non-racist working class people shouldn't vote for him and that he really DID use to be Bungle from Rainbow.
Of all the things that he's said, that denial is the one that hurts the most. We can but hope that it won't be long before he puts on a bear suit, zips Nigel's mouth up and skips through central Stoke to the theme tune.
"Up above the trees and houses, Nutty flying high..."
Buyouts coming to your agency? Senior Correspondent Mike Causey tells you what you need to know before you go.
By The Associated Press
BASKETBALL National Basketball Association
CHARLOTTE HORNETS — Announced C Cody Zeller was placed in the NBA's concussion protocol.
FOOTBALL National Football League
DENVER BRONCOS — Announced the resignation of coach Gary Kubiak.
INDIANAPOLIS COLTS — Signed LB Lavar Edwards, WR Marcus Leak, S Stefan McClure, CB Tevin Mitchel, QB Stephen Morris, G Adam Redmond and WR Tevaun Smith to reserve/future contracts.
MINNESOTA VIKINGS — Signed DT Sterling Bailey, WR Moritz Bohringer, TE Kyle Carter, WR Cayleb Jones, OT Marquis Lucas, CB Tre Roberson, RB Bishop Sankey, OT Austin Shepherd and S Cedric Thompson to reserve/future contracts.
Advertisement
HOCKEY National Hockey League
ARIZONA COYOTES — Claimed C Alexander Burmistrov off waivers from Winnipeg. Recalled D Kevin Connauton from Tucson (AHL).
MONTREAL CANADIENS — Signed G Al Montoya to a two-year contract extension.
NEW JERSEY DEVILS — Claimed F Reid Boucher off waivers from Nashville. Assigned D Yohann Auvitu to Albany (AHL).
ECHL
READING ROYALS — Announced F Steven Swavely and D Maxim Lamarche were loaned to the team by Lehigh Valley (AHL).
COLLEGE
ALABAMA — Announced offensive coordinator Lane Kiffin will leave the team. Named Steve Sarkisian offensive coordinator.
DUKE — Announced men's basketball coach Mike Krzyzewski is taking a leave of absence to have lower back surgery. Named Jeff Capel interim coach.
SOUTH CAROLINA — Reinstated men's senior basketball G Sindarius Thornwell from suspension.
TCU — Announced sophomore QB Foster Sawyer is transferring.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
I'm A Celebrity queen of the jungle Georgia Toffolo has revealed was so broke she failed to pay her rent during jungle stint.
The star welcomed the prospect of bumper pay cheques on the back of winning the show, after confessing she missed her rent payment.
The Made In Chelsea star could be in line to pocket huge sums from endorsement deals and TV shows.
The 23-year-old told Good Morning Britain: "I'm so overwhelmed. I don't really know what to say about it (winning)."
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
Georgia 'Toff' Toffolo planning to meet up with Piers Morgan's lookalike son following I'm A Celeb win
Asked about reports that she could rake in £5 million, she replied: "It's so funny - when I came out, the first thing I said to my mum was 'Mum, I haven't paid my rent', so that's a lovely thing.
"Wow, I don't think I'll be having that payday, it would be highly welcome, I doubt it though."
She said she wanted to go into TV presenting, telling Good Morning Britain hosts Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan: "I want to do what you guys do.
"I want to try it. Who knows?"
Morgan joked: "You know, Toff, we could have a vacancy on this desk, absolutely no problem at all. I always like to rejuvenate the casting on these programmes!"
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
Reid said: "Yes, you can come and sit next to me any morning you like!"
Toffolo told the ITV show: "I'm completely and utterly overwhelmed. This morning I was swinging from my hammock, happy as Larry.
"Now I'm sat at the Versace (hotel) with a crown on my head. I'm taking every minute as it comes." The regular clubber said she had "missed the dancefloor" while on I'm A Celebrity ... Get Me Out Of Here! but her future could take a serious turn.
"You have so much time to think because there are no distractions," she said of her time in the jungle.
"Actually having Stanley (Johnson) in there has really made me think about things," she said of the former MEP.
"We were talking about causes that I'd never even considered, environmental conservation, GM... I am still letting everything sink in but I hope that I can use this to help and do good.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: ITV)
It comes as the reality star is in a TV tug of war after wowing bosses of two channels during her stint on I'm A Celebrity.
Toff, who was the odds-on favourite to win the show, is contracted for one more series of Made in Chelsea on E4, the digital channel owned by Channel 4.
But we can reveal executives at ITV also want the star for their own ITV2 series and see the 23-year-old as a potential presenter and panel show captain for them next year.
A source close to Toff admitted: “Georgia is in a enviable position now. She will be in the next series of Made in Chelsea, but beyond that there are lots of options and lots of interest.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
“The last two winners of I'm A Celebrity were female, in Scarlett Moffatt and Vicky Pattison, and both have ended up working with ITV on projects. “But Channel 4 will be keen to keep Toff as one of their stars on E4 as she also recently appeared on their Celebs Go Dating series. So she will have some tough decisions to make in terms of TV, but the future looks very bright.
“There is going to be some real competition to make her good offers.”
It means Toff is guaranteed bumper earnings in 2018, though she will first have to decide where her priorities lie between the two channels and on the type of programmes she wants to make.
A TV source added: “She was a big star on E4 but is undoubtedly now a much bigger TV personality in the mainstream thanks to ITV, and they would like to keep her and work with her more."
A shopping trip with a historic twist and a world premiere of a children's classic are among the compelling reasons to head to Chester and Cheshire at Christmas. Here's our top 10, with more ideas at at christmasinchester.com.
1. See Chester's Rows Revealed
Like so many towns, Chester has a Santa Run
The city's medieval Rows – the world's first shopping arcade – will be the focus of The Rows Revealed, a fascinating 90-minute tour now available to the public. The Guild of Chester Tour Guides will unearth archaeological gems within the double-decker shopping galleries, some only accessible with their help, such as the remains of pillars that were once part of the Roman fortress Deva Victrix, now hidden beneath Pret a Manger. Other sites likely to be on the itinerary include the remains of a Roman hypocaust beneath Spudulike, medieval cellars in Corks Out, and Tudor plasterwork and a priest hole in Sofa Warehouse.
2pm, Thursdays, 16 Nov-21 Dec, and the last Sunday of each month throughout 2018. Departs from the Town Hall Visitor Centre, tickets from guide, £7 adult. Book at chesterwalkingtours@gmail.com.
2. Watch the world debut of 'The Secret Seven'
Enid Blyton's 'The Secret Seven' will be live on stage for the very first time this Christmas at Storyhouse, Chester's new integrated arts centre. In this new production of the classic children's tale, the intrepid gang are on the trail of strange clues that will lead them straight to the heart of a mystery they must solve by Christmas.
Various dates, 1 Dec-14 Jan, adult £26, under-26s £19.50. Contact 01244 409113 or storyhouse.com.
3. Shop for gifts from artisans and favourite brands
Chester's Christmas Market (above centre) will champion the region's artisans, with more than 70 wooden chalets offering crafts, clothing, homewares, decorations and food and drink, set around a huge Christmas tree. Makers and producers from the North West, North Midlands and North Wales will include the likes of Cheshire's Lymm Candle Company, Llangollen Brewery, and Greenbank Extreme skincare from Shropshire. Plus there will be excellent shopping for famous brands in the Rows, the Grosvenor Shopping Centre, and surrounding streets, as well as big savings on offer at Cheshire Oaks Designer Outlet.
Christmas Market, daily, 16 Nov-20 Dec.
4. See Chester Zoo turn on the magic
An exciting new version of The Lanterns at Chester Zoo (above left) by local performing arts troupe Wild Rumpus promises to be a magical family-friendly experience this Christmas. As twilight descends, the zoo will transform into Santa's sorting office, an extraordinary world lit by lanterns, with animal-inspired fairy-tale scenes and sacks bulging with gifts. Plus, there's a chance to send Christmas wishes to Santa.
Daily, 24 Nov-30 Dec, free with admission. Contact 01244 380280 or chesterzoo.org.
5. Hear angelic voices in the Cathedral
Chester Cathedral has a packed festive calendar. Highlights include 'Christmas Crackers', a celebration of words and music hosted by Rev Richard Coles, a Christmas Tree Festival with more than 50 garlanded trees on display in the cloisters, and carol concerts such as Joyeux Noel!, starring the cathedral choir.
'Christmas Crackers', 20-21 Dec; Christmas Tree Festival, 25 Nov-6 Jan; 'Joyeux Noel!', 9 Dec; various prices. Contact 01244 324756 or chestercathedral.com.
6. Take a canal cruise with Father Christmas
Santa will set sail on Cheshire's canals this Christmas. He'll be telling stories, singing seasonal songs, listening to Christmas wishes and, of course, giving out treats to a captive audience of eager children at the National Waterways Museum in Ellesmere Port and the Anderton Boat Lift near Northwich.
National Waterways Museum, various dates in Dec, adult/child £10. Anderton Boat Lift, various dates in Dec, adult £5.95, child £7.95. Contact 0303 040 4040 or canalrivertrust.org.uk.
7. Cheer on the dashing Santas
Father Christmases large and small will limber up at the start line of the Santa Dash in Delamere Forest (above right). Wearing beards and Santa suits, the runners will pound the paths beneath the canopy on a 5km circuit of the forest.
10.30am, 17 Dec, adult £15, child £12, spectators free. Contact 0300 067 4340 or forestry.gov.uk/delamere.
8. Celebrate like a Tudor at Little Moreton Hall
Tudor-style Yuletide Celebrations will be revealed at Little Moreton Hall, near Congleton. Dazzling creations made of marchpane, forerunner of marzipan, will be among the festive treats from bygone days on display, and there will be workshops on making crafts of the period. Choirs and jesters will provide live entertainment.
Various dates, Nov-Dec, free with entrance. Contact 01260 272018 or nationaltrust.org.uk/little-moreton-hall.
9. Countdown the 12 days of Christmas at Tatton Park
The grand neo-classical mansion at Tatton Park, near Knutsford, will be all dressed up for The Twelve Days of Christmas. The seasonal song will come to life in the servants' quarters and state rooms, from the chaotic scenes in the kitchen where the geese have run wild trying to lay eggs, to the Christmas Wish Tree where visitors can dream about what they'll receive from their own true love.
Various dates, 21 Nov-3 Dec, adult £10, child £6. Contact 01625 374400 or tattonpark.org.uk
10. Get crafty at Ness Botanic Gardens
Award-winning garden designer and florist Pip Probert will show visitors how to make Christmas wreaths and garlands from foliage, cones and berries found in the grounds of beautiful Ness Botanic Gardens. Plus, Santa will be hard at work in his workshop at the bottom of the garden throughout the season.
Christmas Wreath-Making, 16 Dec, adult £15, book ahead. Meet Father Christmas, various dates in Dec, child £5 plus admission to gardens. Contact 0151 795 6300 or nessgardens.org.uk.
** You can follow Marketing Cheshire on Twitter @VisitChester or @VisitCheshire, on Facebook at facebook.com/visitchesterandcheshire, on Instagram at Instagram.com/visitchestercheshire and on YouTube at Youtube.com/user/MktgCheshire/videos Follow the blog at visitcheshire.com/information/blog
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It's 11am and, at the Crown Inn, licensees Dean and Stella Hardman are opening for business, just as they have for the past 11 years.
And that's despite the couple scooping a £6.75million Lottery win in 2006.
“I was sat just where you are,” says Stella.
“It was just a regular night with the locals, Dean was on the other side of the table and we were all checking our tickets as the draw was done on television.”
Dean nearly didn't bother buying a ticket because it was bucketing down.
But he made the 300-yard dash to the nearest shop, probably the best move he ever made.
They'd only played the lottery a couple of times before they won and opted to buy a ticket for the massive EuroMillions draw because of the size of the jackpot.
It was a roll-over and the £125 million jackpot had to go that night.
All five of Dean's lucky dip numbers came up, but only one of the bonus star balls.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
Technically, he should have won £330,000, but there were no big winners anywhere in Europe, so the couple shared the pot with 19 other winners with one bonus star ball.
“We didn't really know what was happening, one of the girls even ran down to the petrol station to see if they knew how much we'd won.”
The couple spent the night with a relative before learning of their staggering good fortune.
But the next day Dean, 43, didn't race to the nearest Ferrari dealers and Stella didn't head off on a shopping spree.
Dean went to watch Bury football club. “I can't even remember who they were playing,” he admits.
‘It was all a bit of a daze.”
And Stella? “I was stuck in the pub,” she says. “I was doing the buffet for Dave's dad's 60th, cooking burgers.
“I had a list of things I thought I'd do if I won, but as soon as you get that win the list goes out the window and you never do any of the things on it.”
(Image: Tony Spencer)
But why are they still here over a decade on? Many pubs around Heywood, Greater Manchester, are shutting down.
“We love it.” said Stella. “We have good friends, good customers. Our fanily are all around here. Why would we go?
“About a year ago we were going to leave, but then at the last moment we decided against it.”
And Dave is still making the last minute dash to the shops to buy a ticket.
“I bought eight lucky dips, won £3.10 on one and £17 on the other a couple of weeks ago,” he jokes. “Another little winning streak.”
Dean and Stella, 48, married at a local hotel with a reception for family and friends and honeymooned in Disneyland in America.
“He's my little toy boy,” she says. “What the win did do was buy us time, time together.
“Dean was working here and holding down another job. We didn't have five minutes together.
“We were always going to get married but never had the time. It was nothing over the top, it was just a lovely lovely day with everyone we care for.”
There have been the odd big spend items.
(Image: Tony Spencer)
Dean splashed on an Audi R8 sports car - not a common sight in the market town - but at the moment it is in the garage.
“There was smoke pouring out of the exhaust in the shopping centre,” says Stella.
“I could barely breathe. I hate the bloody thing, it's a realy boneshaker. I try not to go in it if I can avoid it.”
Dean admits: “It's being fixed but it needs a special oil apparently...it's £120!”
The couple also splashed out on a racehorse named in honour of Dean's grandfather Stanley.
At first Stanley was stabled in Newmarket.
“Not exactly a triumph,” admits Stella. “In fact a disaster!”
Stanely's move to new stables in Yorkshire was more of a success with the horse winning five races on the trot.
(Image: Daily Mirror)
Now retired with arthritis, Stanley lives on a friend's farm in Devon and the couple have interests in two other racehorses.
Dean said: “We've been to Ascot, Goodwood, The Curragh in Ireland. Love it”
Family holidays, with their eight grandchildren are also a must. And every year a trip to Goa in India.
“We book for the following year the day we leave.” said Dean.
The couple received begging letters from every corner of the UK, and Dean was urged to buy Bury FC.
But the passionate fan admits: “I'm not that daft!”
In the time we have together, family and Stella's ‘bestest friend' call into the pub for a coffee, a chat and a hug.”
Stella adds: “We run a traditional pub - and we're very proud of it.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Two men answered a desperate Twitter plea by freeing an ambulance trapped in snow after it was called to help a patient
The neighbours shovelled out a path so a person could receive treatment inside the vehicle following a late callout in one of the worst most snow-hit areas in Britain.
Community Twitter page B31 Voices posted a picture of the vehicle, which it said was trapped in Walnut Way , Longbridge at 11.35pm on Monday.
It is not known what incident the ambulance had responded to when it became stuck, the Birmingham Mail reports.
Two neighbours, from Solihull, arrived on the scene with shovels to dig out snow which obstructed the vehicle and allowed the patient to get inside.
(Image: OFFICIALWMAS/Twitter)
(Image: Daily Mirror)
A tweet from the West Midlands Ambulance Service read: "A big thankyou to 2 young lads from Solihull who got out some shovels and cleared a pathway and the road so that we could get their neighbour out to the ambulance more easily.
"The good news is the patient is doing well."
Birmingham was one of the worst hit areas as heavy snow blanketed Britain on Monday.
The city has withstood f the harshest weather in recent memory which saw authorities opt to close all council-run schools on Monday.
The majority of schools will remain shut today with plans to reopen on Wednesday.
However, some have taken the decision to reopen early.
(Image: SWNS.com)
Announcing the decision to keep children at home on Monday, council spokesman Colin Diamond said: "Due to the recent adverse weather and forecast for freezing conditions overnight, I have instructed all Birmingham City Council-run schools and related school transport services to not operate tomorrow (Monday 11 December).
“This is because conditions will remain very hazardous tomorrow and the safety of our children and young people is of paramount importance.
"Even if pupils walk to school we will not be able to guarantee enough staff on site to look after them.
“I would strongly advise all other schools within Birmingham to do the same.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The Britain's Got Talent live shows are in full swing now as we reach the third semi-final.
Solo presenter Dec Donnelly will be hoping for a quiet night after Monday's technical issues and Tuesday's intruder.
The first show was forced off air for around 15 minutes because of the bad weather in London, while a gatecrasher round on stage to press the judges' buzzers last night.
Hopefully there will be no more shenanigans tonight and the performers will be able to focus on impressing the viewing public and booking their place into the grand final.
However, they will also have to impress the judges because they decide who goes through out of the second and third ranked performers.
Here is the line-up for the third semi-final:
Mr Uekusa
(Image: ITV)
The Britain's Got Talent judges get quite the eyeful during the series opener when this eager hopeful got fully naked.
Mr Uekusa, 30, put on an unbelievable strip show on that left a lot of people shielding their eyes and Ant and Dec in hysterics.
The Japanese star, who describes himself as an 'international variety performer', wowed the gobsmacked judges with his bizarre performance.
Acrocadabra
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Acrocadbra are hoping to leap into Sunday's final with another energetic routine
The dance group from the Spotlight Stage School, from Birmingham, are all aged between 9 and 17.
The group received four yeses by performing a dance and acrobatics routine with some magic tricks.
DMU Gospel Choir
The DMU Gospel Choir gave the judges shivers with their powerful rendition of Oh Happy Day.
The talented singers, aged between 16 and 55, won University Gospel Choir of the Year in 2016.
The group, from Leicester, have also performed with hometown band Kasabian.
Aleksandar Mileusnic
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Aleksandar Mileusnic won his place on the live shows singing a swing version of 'Seven Nation Army' by The White Stripes.
The 23-year-old council worker and singer from Stevenage got through with four yeses.
He previously appeared in the semi-finals of The Voice in 2012.
Gruffydd Wyn Roberts
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Gruffydd, 22, took time out from his job as theatre assistant and social secretary for his rugby team to perform for the judges.
The talented singer, from Amlwch on the Isle-of-Anglesey in North Wales, sang 'Un Giorno Per Noi' until Simon stopped the song.
He then belted out 'Nessun Dorma' and received a standing ovation before Amanda pressed her golden buzzer.
Rise Unbroken
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Rise Unbroken are a group of 11 dancers aged between 10 -24 years old.
The group performed a dance with wheelchairs to help one of the members, Hollie Booth, get back into dancing following injuries she sustained during the Manchester terror attack in 2017.
There inspirational performance earned them a place in the semi-final
Marc Spelmann
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Marc Spelmann left the judges in tears and amazement with his sensational magic tricks.
The London magician managed to predict a series of cards, coloured crayons and words selected at random by the judges.
Marc, 46, used videos of his young daughter during the big finale, leaving Ant and Dec so astounded they pressed their golden buzzer.
Robert White
(Image: Supplied by WENN)
Robert White combined his songwriting and comedy skills for a hilarious performance at the auditions.
The 41-year-old comedian, from West Sussex, left the judges in hysterics with his funny song.
While playing the keyboard, he poked fun at each of the judges with some witty remarks.
* Britain's Got Talent airs tonight on ITV at 7.30pm with results at 9.30pm
KNOXVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — A Tennessee woman's video of her tearful son recounting being bullied at middle school has prompted a wave of support from athletes and entertainers.
Kimberly Jones said in a Facebook post Friday she had just picked up her son, Keaton, from school because he was too afraid to go to lunch.
In the video, Keaton said other students call him ugly, make fun of his nose and tell him he has no friends. He said milk was poured on him and ham was put down his clothes.
“Just out of curiosity, why do they bully?” Keaton said. “What's the point of it? Why do they find joy in taking innocent people and find a way to be mean to them? It's not OK.
“People that are different don't need to be criticized about it. It's not their fault. If you are made fun of, just don't let it bother you.”
The video had more than 18 million views as of Sunday, and a crowdsourcing page for Keaton's future education had raised more than $29,000.
“We all know how it feels to want to belong,” Jones said in her post, “but only a select few knows how it really feels not to belong anywhere.”
On Twitter, Tennessee Titans tight end Delanie Walker invited the Jones family to an upcoming game, while University of Tennessee wide receiver Tyler Byrd said he and several teammates plan to visit Keaton at school.
Country music star Kelsea Ballerini tweeted that the next time she comes home to her native Knoxville, she wants to be with Keaton to witness the bullies apologize.
Retired race car driver Dale Earnhardt Jr. said on Twitter he wants Keaton to “add me to your long list of friends,” and Snoop Dogg said on Instagram that Keaton “has a friend for life” and that “love is the only way to beat hate.”
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
As Ezekiel Elliott prepares to appeal his six-game suspension from the NFL, information has come out that his side presumably believes will make him a sympathetic case.
Clarence Hill of the Fort Worth Star-Telegram published a series of bullet points from Elliott's appeal plan that seek to call into question his accuser's reliability, including text messages (which we have already seen) in which the accuser purportedly encouraged her friend to lie about alleged domestic incidents, “misleading” testimony to the NFL's investigator Lisa Friel, and “repeated” threats to ruin the running back's career.
For example:
▪ The report also details a text message in which Thompson told Elliott: “You better be smart. And not be a dumb man.” ▪ After not being allowed in the after party, she was heard yelling and screaming that “your career is over” and then proceeded to call the police. ▪ Elliott is also “100 percent certain” Thompson told him on July 22, “You are a black male athlete. I'm a white girl. They are not going to be believed you.”
This may have an impact in the court of public opinion, but it is presumably all things that were told to the NFL by Elliott and/or his representatives during the initial investigation process. Given that the NFL will also be hearing the appeal, it remains to be seen whether Elliott will be able to sway them at all to either shorten or eliminate his suspension.
[Star-Telegram]
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The International Football Association Board is planning to change the rules to prevent grappling at set-pieces.
England's World Cup win over Colombia on Tuesday was marred by bad behaviour at corners and free kicks.
The Three Lions beat the South American side on penalties in Moscow to progress to the quarter-finals - but not before Colombia had repeatedly mobbed the referee to protest about his decisions.
American referee Mark Geiger penalised Colombia for almost twice as many fouls as England and gave them six yellow cards to England's two. But he did not show any red cards, despite Wilmar Barrios headbutting Jordan Henderson in the first half and furious Colombian protests before Harry Kane's penalty after the break.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Speaking to Press Association Sport shortly before the game, IFAB secretary Lukas Brud said his organisation's next big initiative would be to eradicate behaviour like this from the game.
In charge of football's laws, IFAB is made up of four representatives from the home nations and four from FIFA, and last year it launched a six-year project to protect referees and improve player behaviour called 'Play Fair'.
Brud explained: "We know that what happens on TV will happen at the weekend in games between 10-year-olds - they will have seen their idols do it and think it's OK. That's why we launched Play Fair.
"We haven't moved forward with it very quickly because VAR (video assistant referees) was our main focus - but we are looking at ways of changing negative behaviour through the laws of the game: mobbing the referee, simulation, time-wasting and so on.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: AFP)
"The rugby example is something football needs to consider and that's why we've started to look at the role of the captain as a way of dealing with players who mob the referee. It could be that only the captain or the player involved in the incident can talk to the official.
"We are also looking at ideas to counter time-wasting. We want to come up with some law changes that will make the game more attractive."
Among the other ideas being considered are instructions to referees to caution players sooner for dissent and fines or deducting points for persistent offenders.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
TOWIE star Danielle Armstrong has reportedly been "barred" from Sheesh restaurant in Essex following a bust-up with Yazmin Oukhellou.
Danielle's ex James Lock recently started dating brunette Yazmin and the pair clearly aren't on the best terms after bumping into each other at the popular Essex eatery two weeks ago.
Speaking to OK! magazine , Yasmin claimed Danielle made “an absolute show of herself” on the night when she is said to have danced provocatively in front of ex James, and described the whole thing as “embarrassing”.
(Photo: FameFlynet)
(Photo: Rex Features)
"Danielle started dancing like a zoo animal in a cage. People were laughing but I ignored her,” she told the magazine.
"Then I went to the loo and as I came back she elbowed me, so I turned back around and said, ‘What's your problem?' Then it just kicked off and words were said."
She continued: "She made an absolute show of herself. It was embarrassing. She was escorted out by security."
(Photo: FameFlynet)
(Photo: WENN.com)
While Danielle was said to have been “escorted out” of the restaurant, Yazmin claims she's also been “barred”.
In a separate interview with Reveal, Yasmin claimed: “I saw that she denied she got thrown out of Sheesh, but she did get escorted out.
"I've also been informed she has also been barred from there too."
Mirror Celebs has contacted a representative for Danielle for comment.
Beijing: China has appointed a new special envoy for the North Korean issue, Assistant Foreign Minister Kong Xuanyou, its foreign ministry said on Monday, after his predecessor, Wu Dawei, reached retirement age.
Kong, 58, is an ethnic Korean from the northeastern Chinese province of Heilongjiang, who has overall responsibility for Asian affairs at the foreign ministry, according to his resume.
He has held senior positions at the Chinese embassy in Japan and from 2011 to 2014 he was China`s ambassador to Vietnam, two countries with which China has often troubled relations.
Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Hua Chunying said that Kong had taken over from Wu, but that there was no connection between the appointment and the current situation on the Korean peninsula, where tensions have been rising in recent days.
There would be no change in China`s policy towards the Korean peninsula because of the new appointment, she added.
A Beijing-based foreign diplomat who is familiar with the matter said that Wu, who turns 71 in December, had reached retirement age.
Asked whether Kong had any immediate plans to visit Pyongyang, spokeswoman Hua said she had no information about that.
Tension on the Korean peninsula eased slightly on Monday as South Korea`s President said resolving the North`s nuclear ambitions must be done peacefully and key US officials played down the risk of an imminent war with North Korea.
Concern that North Korea is close to achieving its goal of putting the mainland United States within range of a nuclear weapon has underpinned a spike in tension in recent months.
China is North Korea`s closest ally, but it has been infuriated by its repeated missile and nuclear tests and has signed up for increasingly tough UN sanctions on the isolated nation.
However, China says sanctions are not the final way to resolve the issue, and has repeatedly called for a return to diplomacy and the restart of a six-party talks process with North Korea, which includes China, the two Koreas, the United States, Russia and Japan, and which collapsed in 2008.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Trump administration is moving to roll back the centerpiece of President Barack Obama's efforts to slow global warming, seeking to ease restrictions on greenhouse gas emissions from coal-fired power plants.
In a plan expected to be made public in coming days, the Environmental Protection Agency declared the Obama-era rule exceeded federal law by setting emissions standards that power plants could not reasonably meet. The Associated Press obtained a copy of the 43-page document, which underscored President Donald Trump's bid to revive the struggling coal industry.
The EPA's new proposal would make good on Trump's campaign pledge to unravel Obama's efforts to curb global warming and follows Trump's promise to pull the United States out of the landmark Paris climate agreement. Nearly 200 countries have committed to combat global warming by reducing carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases that contribute to global warming.
The EPA won't prescribe an immediate replacement to the plan, but will seek public comment on whether to curb climate-warming emissions from coal and natural gas power plants.
A spokeswoman for EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt declined to comment Friday on the authenticity of the leaked document but said the Obama administration “pushed the bounds of their authority so far” that the U.S. Supreme Court issued a stay to prevent the Clean Power Plan from taking effect.
“Any replacement rule that the Trump administration proposes will be done carefully and properly within the confines of the law,” EPA spokeswoman Liz Bowman said.
The Obama administration's cost-benefits analysis of the Clean Power Plan was “highly uncertain” in multiple areas, Bowman said, vowing that the Trump administration will present a range of scenarios to the public “in a robust, open and transparent way.”
Obama's plan was designed to cut U.S. carbon dioxide emissions to 32 percent below 2005 levels by 2030. The rule dictated specific emission targets for states based on power-plant emissions and gave officials broad latitude to decide how to achieve reductions.
The Supreme Court put the plan on hold last year following a legal challenge by industry and coal-friendly states.
Even so, the plan has been a factor in a wave of retirements of coal-fired plants, which also are being squeezed by lower costs for natural gas and renewable power and state mandates promoting energy conservation.
Repealing the Clean Power Plan without a timeline or a commitment to propose a rule to reduce carbon pollution “isn't a step forward, it's a wholesale retreat from EPA's legal, scientific and moral obligation to address the threats of climate change,'” said former EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy.
While the Supreme Court has concluded that EPA is obligated to regulate greenhouse gases, “this administration has no intention of following the law,” said McCarthy, who led the EPA when the Clean Power Plan was completed. “They are denying it just as they are denying the science. They're using stall tactics to defer action, ignoring the courts and the demands of the American people.”
Industry groups cheered the planned repeal, saying it would reverse regulatory overreach by Obama and McCarthy.
“The Clean Power Plan represented an unlawful attempt to transform the nation's power grid … and raise costs on American consumers,” said Hal Quinn, president and CEO of the National Mining Association.
The Obama-era plan would have sharply reduced the number of coal-fired plants, making the grid more vulnerable to reliability concerns and increasing costs with “trivial environmental benefits,” Quinn said.
The new plan will save an estimated 240 million tons of annual coal production and safeguard more than 27,000 mining jobs and almost 100,000 additional jobs throughout the supply chain, he said.
In the leaked document, the Trump administration argues that repealing the Clean Power Plan could spare an estimated $33 billion in compliance costs in 2030, arguing that the Obama administration overstated the rule's potential health benefits.
Previously, the EPA had estimated that by 2030 the Clean Power Plan would prevent 90,000 asthma attacks and up to 3,600 premature deaths a year.
The leaked document casts doubts on those numbers and says the EPA plans to perform updated modeling and analysis of health benefits and other impacts of the rule.
Liz Perera, climate policy director for the Sierra Club, said repealing the Clean Power Plan “is about one thing and one thing only: helping corporate polluters profit.”
The plan was first reported by Bloomberg News.
___
Reach Matthew Daly: http://twitter.com/MatthewDalyWDC
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Arsene Wenger will get all his attacking players into his new-look Arsenal line-up, because it is in his DNA.
Wenger completed a record £56million deal for Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang this week, has also signed Henrikh Mkhitaryan, persuaded Mesut Ozil to put pen to paper on a new £350,000-a-week contract and has summer arrival Alexandre Lacazette.
It will be a mission to get them all into the starting XI — especially with the Gunners leaking goals at the back — but manager Wenger confessed he is desperate to do it.
He said: “That's our DNA. We are an attacking team. The danger is when you are an attacking team that you don't score and then of course you create your own problems.
(Image: Arsenal FC via Getty)
(Image: AMA/Getty)
“That's the challenge I have. I will try to find a way to do it. We play so many games that everyone will get games. It's always possible. Will I do it? Maybe. I don't know. But I think it's possible, yes. You need at least two top strikers in the Premier League, because if one is injured then you have a problem.
“Would I rather win 4-3? That is not the solution I like — I like the four, but I don't like the three.
“We have to improve our defensive record, absolutely, and everybody has to contribute. That is why we have to work on that and find the balance. Without destroying our defensive power, we have to find the balance so we are better defensively.”
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Wenger has also had to do his sums before signing Ozil to a new contract as Arsenal have gone into financial territory which even made the Gunners boss puff out his cheeks.
But, incredibly, Wenger insisted that re-signing Ozil to a new three year contract was cheap compared to trying to sign a replacement.
“When you let a player go you have to buy somebody of the same calibre and if you add the transfer needed and the wages will be similar. On top of that we have to pay a transfer,” said Wenger.
“So overall, I think Mesut for us was the cheapest option. On the other side all of our players are well paid. Very well paid. To feel sorry for them - I'm not sure that it's the most objective assessment!
(Image: Mesut Ozil/Twitter)
(Image: Getty)
“As long as we are paying what we can afford, it is not a problem. I did try my whole life to pay the players good wages, so I am not against that. I am just against the fact that you live on credit.”
Wenger admitted that he feared at one stage the whole transfer merry-go-round would collapse like a pack of cards with Borussia Dortmund waiting on getting a replacement before they would let Aubameyang.
But Wenger insisted he would not give any reassurances to Lacazette even though he may find himself out of the team and has no concerns about the 28-year-old's bad-boy image.
The France-born Gabon international is not guaranteed to start against Everton in Saturday's late game because he had a fever at the start of the week.
He has even given a medical certificate to a German court after missing a hearing about the terror attack on the Dortmund team bus, to avoid paying a £900 fine.
Wenger said: “I have to assess how he is physically and how well he feels.
“I don't reassure people because I think we are in a competitive world. We have all chosen a job that is about competition and you have to fight for your place.
“You have to show them respect, and that you rate the players but as well they have to accept that we live in a competitive world.”
© USGS
Prelim M6.0 earthquake off the east coast of Honshu, Japan Oct-6 07:59 UTC, updates https://t.co/5BUwzWA3i4
— USGS Big Quakes (@USGSBigQuakes) October 6, 2017
An earthquake measuring 6.0 on the Richter scale has been recorded off the east coast of Japan, Reuters reports, citing the United States Geological Survey (USGS).The quake's epicenter was recorded out at sea and is located parallel to the Fukushima prefecture.The nation's meteorological agency is reporting a depth of 10 kilometers, with the earthquake measuring at least 6.0 on local seismic recording equipment.The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center currently says there are no tsunami advisories or watches in place. There have been no immediate reports of casualties or damage, Reuters reports.A USGS ShakeMap for the area reveals the earthquake occurred at around 5pm local time, more than 200 kilometers from Japan's coast..
For the full 2017-18 fiscal, ONGC's net profit was up 11.4% at Rs19,945 crore. Photo: Reuters
New Delhi: Shares of State-owned Oil and Natural Gas Corp. Ltd (ONGC) gained 3.5% on Thursday after the company reported its highest profit in 17 quarters on back of higher oil prices.
Fourth-quarter net profit jumped 37% to Rs5,915.12 crore compared to a profit of Rs4,340.18 crore in the same period last year, the company said in a statement on Wednesday.
ONGC shares rose 3.5% to Rs180.05 per share in intraday trade on BSE. At 12.56pm, the stock was up 3.13% to Rs179.40 per share, while BSE Sensex added 0.43% to 35,057.92 points.
The company realised $66.71 for every barrel of crude oil it produced from nominated fields in the quarter, up from $54.91 a barrel it got in 2017 quarter. Gas price realisation was also up 15.6% at $2.89 per million British thermal units. ONGC's oil production declined 3% at 6.2 million tonnes in the quarter.
For the full 2017-18 fiscal, net profit was up 11.4% at Rs19,945 crore.
Turnover in the fourth quarter rose 5% to Rs27,703.54 crore. The company made 12 oil and gas discoveries in the year, half of them were on land. Out of the six onland discoveries, two were monetised during the year itself, the statement said without giving details.
“In FY18, ONGC has registered an RRR in excess of ‘one' for the 12th consecutive year. This reflects ONGC's strong exploratory record over the years,” it said. The discoveries were made in Krishna Godavari basin, Assam and Tripura.
The board of directors of ONGC recommended a final dividend of Rs1.35 per share (27%). This is in addition to the interim dividend of Rs 5.25 per share declared in two phases previously.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Jordan Pickford produced the save of the World Cup during England's win over Colombia.
But rushed TV producers failed to show a replay of the magical moment - because Colombia scored almost immediately after.
Pickford thought that he had saved England from heading into extra-time when his miraculous fingertip stop denied Mateus Uribe as the game entered it's final moments.
Uribe tried his luck from distance and his audacious effort looked destined for the top corner.
But Pickford leaped across the goal to turn the ball behind for a corner when it looked like he would never get there.
(Image: FIFATV/Youtube)
(Image: FIFATV/Youtube)
(Image: FIFATV/Youtube)
The Everton goalkeeper initially took two side steps before launching himself into the air to make a desperate attempt to prevent a goal.
He initially looked to be diving for the ball with his right arm, but in mid air realised that he would not make it and switched to his left arm.
(Image: FIFATV/Youtube)
(Image: FIFATV/Youtube)
The decision proved to be wise, getting a strong enough hand on the ball to turn it round the post.
Despite the save, England were to concede from the resulting corner as Yerry Mina headed home, taking the game to extra-time.
While Pickford did not get the attention he perhaps deserved for that save, he certainly left the game with plenty of plaudits.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: REUTERS)
Pickford was the hero in the penalty shootout, stopping Carlos Bacca's penalty to give Eric Dier the opportunity to hit home the winning spot kick.
After the game, Dier said of Pickford: "He was incredible, he's a fantastic goalkeeper and he was fantastic in the penalty shootout.
"He's been fantastic in training for them and he's taken it into the game."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A fraudster has been jailed after he tried to make £100,000 in dodgy insurance claims, after undercover officers found him exaggerating crash injuries.
Mohammed Taj claimed he had been left permanently disabled in a bus crash in Pakistan.
But he was caught by investigators walking unaided and driving a car, even swapping seats with his wife a few miles from a medical appointment and was pushed around in a wheelchair he didn't need.
Taj, 46, from Alum Rock, Birmingham had been on a bus when it crashed with a lorry, killing several people in October 2011.
He received a number of injuries that required hospital treatment in Pakistan and back in the UK.
Having taken out a Disabling Injuries Protection Plan in September 1998, with the American Insurance Group (AIG), Taj made a claim against this plan in February 2012.
(Image: BPM MEDIA)
(Image: Handout)
Hero bartender who saved woman shot in stomach during Las Vegas shooting reunited with her after life-saving surgery
He had previously submitted several accident claims and AIG launched an investigation.
As part of the investigation AIG arranged for Taj to attend an independent medical examination in February 2013 and hired a private investigation company to carry out surveillance on Taj when he attended this appointment.
The medical examiner compiled a report detailing numerous injuries including dislocations, fractures and facial injuries and Taj claimed he needed a wheelchair and two crutches to remain mobile.
However, CCTV footage obtained from surveillance, showed that Taj had driven to the medical appointment but had stopped a short distance from the destination to swap places with Zaman.
After the appointment, Taj was pushed back to the car in a wheelchair where he got up with the use of crutches, got into the driver's side of the car and drove away.
(Image: City of London Police/BPM MEDIA)
(Image: City of London Police/BPM MEDIA)
Man fighting for his life after 'horrific hit and run' which also left woman seriously hurt
Taj later claimed he attended his medical appointment using a wheelchair, was helped into a specialist taxi for the disabled and also claimed that he had been unable to drive since the collision in 2011.
AIG referred the case to IFED in March 2014 and during a search of his home police discovered documents that showed Taj had made a further insurance claim with a second insurance company totalling £22,500 for permanent total disability.
Detectives from the City of London Police's Insurance Fraud Enforcement Department (IFED) discovered that Taj had grossly exaggerated an injury claim, in a bid to claim an £80,000 payout for injuries he suffered in the crash in 2011.
During searches of the couple's home police subsequently discovered a second claim for permanent disability, which related to the same crash and had paid out more than £20,000.
The second insurance company was supplied with a copy of the surveillance following Taj's arrest and confirmed that, had it been made aware of the footage prior to settling Taj's claim, it would have rejected it.
(Image: Handout)
Woman who couldn't swim a stroke a month ago now works as 'real-life' Mermaid
Taj was found guilty at Birmingham Crown Court of fraud by false representation and conspiracy to commit fraud and was jailed for three years.
His wife Shanaz Zaman, was found guilty of conspiracy to commit fraud, the Birmingham Mail reports.
She was handed a 12-month suspended sentence and a 20-hour rehabilitation order.
City of London Police Detective Sergeant Mohammed Darr, who led the investigation for IFED, said: “Taj was determined to take advantage of the insurance industry by making two false claims.
“However, due to the hard work of our officers and the co-operation of the insurance companies, his cunning attempts to deceive medical professionals were ultimately unsuccessful.
"His actions have resulted in his conviction and sentencing here today which sends out a clear message that insurance fraud will not be tolerated.”
(Image: Handout)
Exploding shooting star creates huge fireball 'equivalent to 540 tonnes of TNT' as it bursts over city
David Halstead, Fraud Manager at AIG added: “Whilst we are pleased to have prevented Taj from defrauding AIG, this is another sad example of someone's greed getting the better of them.
"Had Taj been honest and truthful, it's likely he would have received some compensation.
“Instead, he chose to lie to us and the medical experts who were trying to help him.
"As a result, he has ended up with no money and a criminal record. This should serve as a lesson to anyone tempted to commit this type of fraud in the future.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Heartbroken parents have shared the intimate moment they comforted their two-year-old daughter as she lay dying in hospital.
Parents, Kristi and Justin, allowed a photographer to share the moment their daughter Adalynn lay dying from a heart condition, so she could raise awareness of the disease.
Adalynn was born with a congenital heart defect (CHD) and doctors installed a left ventricular assist device (LVAD) into her heart.
An LVAD is a mechanical pump which helps weakened hearts. However there was a complication which led to a blood clot which then travelled to her brain.
Adalynn suffered brain damage and was therefore, cruelly, ineligible for a heart transplant.
Photographer Suha Dabit, who is mum to a daughter who had a heart transplant after suffering from CHD, shared the heartbreaking story on her Facebook page World of Broken Hearts.
(Image: Suha Dabit/World of Broken Hearts)
Baby girl who underwent life-saving heart transplant returns home at last - 209 days after going into hospital
Sharing the pictures on Facebook, Dabit wrote: “There aren't any words to describe the pain and love I witnessed.
"CHD claims so many lives, too many lives.
"It tears families apart and forces siblings to grow up way too fast. It changes you in every aspect of your life, and to the very core of our heart and soul."
She told Popsuga : "I felt Kristi's unconditional love for Addy and the excruciating pain. It was hard, I could barely hold it together.
"I left with a piece of my heart missing. I wish no family would ever have to go through this, but it happens, every day."
Her original Facebook post has been “liked” over 7,000 times, with wellwishers rushing to share their love for the family and offer condolences.
"I know they will hate and love looking at these images forever," Suha said.
"I offer all the families I photograph in the hospital to keep the images I take private.
"I am thankful that Kristi and Justin allowed me to share such intimate moments of their family with the world, to spread so much needed CHD and organ donation awareness."
The Yankees have their $295-million man.
Reigning National League MVP Giancarlo Stanton officially is heading to the Bronx as part of a trade with the Miami Marlins, the Yankees announced Monday.
“As for NEW YORK CITY !!! I am officially a YANKEE🔥🔥,” Stanton wrote in an Instagram post Monday morning. “I can't wait to spark this new chapter in my life, & keeping it Lit.” 🗽
Stanton will be introduced as a Yankee at a 2 p.m. news conference at baseball's winter meetings in Florida.
The Yankees received Stanton and cash considerations in exchange for second baseman Starlin Castro, minor league righthanded pitcher Jorge Guzman and minor league infielder Jose Devers.
Stanton, 28, led baseball in home runs (59), RBIs (132) and slugging (.631) in 2017. He batted .281 with 123 runs scored.
Most significant from the perspective of the Marlins, who under Derek Jeter's new ownership group are attempting to dump salary, the Yankees will pay $265 million of the $295 million owed the 28-year-old Stanton over the next 10 years.
“Thank you to the Marlins Organization & the amazing city of Miami! The city that adopted me at 17 with open arms. I've loved this place over the years and it will always be special to me,” Stanton wrote on Instagram. “I appreciate All my teammates & coaching Staff that battled day in and day out I feel for u fans, you've stuck with me as we've shared some roller coaster years. I've always tried to be as professional as possible during the unprofessional , circus times there!
Subscribe to Newsday's sports newsletter Receive stories, photos and videos about your favorite New York teams plus national sports news and events. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
“Regardless of the Ups&downs, I've grown n learned a lot as a Person/Player. So for that I give thanks, I hope there are better days in Miami . The city & the people are too great not to be!
“Stay positive & much love !”
Stanton has an opt-out clause in the contract that he can exercise after the 2020 season. He also has a full no-trade clause, which he exercised in vetoing deals to the Giants and Cardinals before giving the OK to joining the Yankees.
With Erik Boland
© Sputnik
Russian President Vladimir Putin has said that any decision to recognize Jerusalem as Israel's capital is "counterproductive" and "destabilizing," in apparent criticism of the recent step by US President Donald Trump.," Putin said during a state visit to Egypt on Monday. "Such steps are destabilizing, and don't help to resolve the situation, but instead provoke conflict."Putin added that Russia will urge compliance with UN Security Council resolutions,"There needs to be a long-term and fair solution that fulfills the interests of both sides, and complies with previous stances of the international community," Putin said. The Russian leader was speaking at a press conference following a meeting with Egyptian President Abdel Fattah al-Sisi.Thursday's announcement that the White House will accept Israel's proclamation of Jerusalem as its capital, and move the embassy to the city, has provoked unrest among Palestinians, who believe that the city is currently under occupation, and will become the capital of their own future state., but Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov has said that the unilateral proclamation by the White House "runs counter to common sense."Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has said that Israel is "forever grateful" for the much-touted move, approved by Congress back in 1995, which will make the US the only country with a diplomatic mission in Jerusalem. But it has been condemned by the EU and the majority of world leaders, with the notable exception of Czech President Milos Zeman, who labeled Brussels "cowards" and said that Europe's position was aiding the Palestinian "terrorist movement."
Plus, why you shouldn't let it stop you from developing relationships.
In this video with Entrepreneur Network partner Business Rockstars, Denise Hewett, co-founder of Scripted, talks about how hard work and a great support system got her to where she is today. Specifically, she speaks about how one inspiration -- one person who understands your goals and objectives -- can help shape your journey and spur you to do things you never intended.
Then, she explains how losing that person can actually help you in your business.
Click play to learn more.
Related: This Entrepreneur Says a $5 Sales Job Led Her to Become the CEO of IKEA North America
Entrepreneur Network is a premium video network providing entertainment, education and inspiration from successful entrepreneurs and thought leaders. We provide expertise and opportunities to accelerate brand growth and effectively monetize video and audio content distributed across all digital platforms for the business genre.
EN is partnered with hundreds of top YouTube channels in the business vertical. Watch video from our network partners on demand on Amazon Fire, Roku, Apple TV and the Entrepreneur App available on iOS and Android devices.
Click here to become a part of this growing video network.
"The U.S. played a part in starting this, so we must play a part in ending it."
"Her imprisonment by Israeli occupation forces has ignited a strong global campaign and reinvigorated the overall movement to liberate Palestine."
Endorsing organizations:
Over 40 US organizations will rally to demand the release of Ahed Tamimi, a 16-year-old Palestinian girl held in Israeli military detention since Israeli forces raided her home in the West Bank village of Nabi Saleh early the morning of December 19, and more than 6,000 other Palestinians imprisoned by Israel on political charges."We must demand the release of Ahed Tamimi, who is held in Zionist captivity," said Nerdeen Kiswani of New York City Students for Justice in Palestine.The demonstration is part of amarking both Ahed's 17th birthday on Wednesday, January 31 and the start of her Israeli military trial, scheduled to begin at Israel's Ofer prison the same day."At least forty gatherings over a week, including 14 on Tuesday alone, will call for Ahed's release," said Joe Catron, U.S. coordinator of Samidoun: Palestinian Prisoner Solidarity Network.Al-Awda NY: The Palestine Right to Return CoalitionAmerican Muslim for Palestine - NJ ChapterAnakbayan NJANSWER CoalitionBayan USA NortheastCODEPINK: Women For PeaceCommittee to Stop FBI Repression - NYCExistence Is ResistanceFree Mumia Abu Jamal CoalitionFree the Tamimi WomenGabriela NYInternational Action CenterInternational League of Peoples' StruggleInternational Socialist OrganizationThe Jericho MovementJersey City Peace MovementJewish Voices for Peace - NYCJews for Palestinian Right of ReturnLabor for PalestineNational Lawyers Guild Palestine SubcommitteeNew York Progressive Action NetworkNY4PalestineNYC Shut It Down: The Grand Central Crew #BlackLivesMatterNYC Anarchist Black CrossNYC Solidarity with PalestineNYC Students for Justice in PalestinePakistan USA Freedom ForumPalestinian American Community Center, NJ USAPalestinian Youth MovementPeoples Power AssembliesRAIA - Researching the American Israeli AllianceSamidoun Palestinian Prisoner Solidarity NetworkSocialist ActionSocialist Alternative, NYCStaten Island Progressive Action NetworkStudents for Justice in Palestine, New SchoolStudents for Justice in Palestine at College of Staten IslandUnited National Antiwar CoalitionVeterans For Peace, 034 NYC, 021 NJWorkers World PartyYouth Against Settlements(PC, Samidoun, Social Media)
Strasbourg, July 4 - European Justice Commissioner Vera Jourova told a plenary session of the European Parliament on Interior Minister Matteo Salvini's recent vow to institute a census of Roma in Italy that "it is deplorable that such statements should return to the public discourse of EU member States". She said "inclusion cannot be reached by denying individual rights", and added that "the Commission condemns racism and xenophobia". Jourova said "statements that link crime to certain ethnic origins are not acceptable, because they feed xenophobia and are damaging".
By
A week-long celebration at the new Don Franklin Ford Dealership will be fun for the whole family! The event runs June 15 through June 24. Customers can participate in the Crack the Safe Promo for a chance at a brand-new vehicle valued at $25,000! Or, sign up for the Corn Hole Touranment on Saturday, 6/17, and Saturday, 6/24. Each hour, on the hour, from noon to 5 PM, a lucky customer will get a chance to sink a toss and win $10,000!
Subscribe to the Manchester Enterprise Today!
Click Here To Subscribe On-line
On-site entertainment includes free food, face painting, balloon animals and more! And, of course, the event will feature amazing daily deals that can save shoppers thousands of dollars!
The Don Franklin Family of Dealerships has been in operation for nearly 50 years. The automotive group proudly has one of the greatest selection of new and pre-owned vehicles in the market — almost all with Lifetime Powertrain Coverage. The group also offers a competitive reward program and gives unbeatable customer service at all their 19 locations.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Lisa Armstrong was a bona fide pop star before her high-profile marriage - and impending divorce - from Ant McPartlin.
The 41 year old found fame in pop quartet Deuce in the mid 1990s.
And she met her future husband at a pop concert at Newcastle City Hall in 1994 when she was performing with her band and he was spitting bars with Declan Donnelly in their band PJ & Duncan.
Long before their love turned sour, Lisa looks fresh-faced and rebellious in throwback pictures from her carefree pop star days before her doomed relationship began.
The band were a big hit and released four Top 30 singles, before splitting up in 1997.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
Lisa, then 18, was a dancer when she was recruited for the band by East 17 manager Tom Watkins and joined her pal Kelly O'Keefe who was lead vocalist.
Craig Robert Young and Paul Holmes completed the foursome.
Their debut single 'Call It Love' reached number 11 on the UK singles chart in January 1995.
They then had Eurovision ambitions and their song 'I Need You' was entered into the UK's pre-selection show but they lost out to Love City Groove.
They had another single 'On the Bible' that reached number 13 and their album On the Loose! charted at number 18 in the UK Albums Chart.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
They planned another song but O'Keefe left the band and they dropped by London Records.
Lisa went on to have a successful career as a makeup artist and still works on shows including Strictly Come Dancing and Britain's Got Talent.
Some estimate she could walk away with half of her estranged husband Ant's £60million fortune when they divorce - and a percent of his future earnings.
More than four decades after a 17-year-old girl from Akron, Ohio went missing from her home without a trace, a complete stranger may have uncovered what happened to her.
Linda Pagano, a 4-foot-10, 100-pound Springfield High School student, got into a fight with her stepfather on September 1, 1974, according to police records.
Byron Claflin told police that she left his apartment on foot. She was never heard from again.
“I just felt an empty pit, I knew,” Pagano's older brother, Michael Pagano, said.
Pagano said he and others thought she had been killed and pointed the finger at Claflin, but a body was never recovered and charges were never filed. He died in 1990.
“I had to accept the fact that I would die never knowing,” Pagano said. “Just like my mom did. She never knew.”
But more than 40 years later, Linda Pagano's memory would resurface, thanks to an amateur detective Reddit user who goes only by the name “callmeice.”
The user was sifting through old Cleveland Cemetery documents while looking into a different case. She came across listing for “unknown white female bones” that had been discovered on the banks of the Rocky River in Strongsville on February 5, 1975.
The cause of death was listed as “gunshot wound of head.” The bones were buried in Potter's Field a few months later.
“A call to the cemetery confirmed that no action had been taken since her interment, and further research at a local library of newspapers on microfiche turned up a handful of articles,” Callmeice wrote.
She was able to obtain the original autopsy report and case files, including a photo of the Strongsville Jane Doe's skull. Then a forensic artist used the photo to create a facial reconstruction.
A few months later, the artist noticed that the new reconstruction looked very similar to a picture of Linda Pagano that had been newly posted on the National Missing and Unidentified Missing Persons System database. The age, skeletal stature and time of disappearance all added up.
“The mouth is practically identical,” Michael Pagano said, staring in awe at the facial reconstruction.
Akron Police contacted the family in April to share the possible news and asked Michael and his sister to give DNA samples for comparison.
“We've never forgotten about this case,” said Lt. Rick Edwards of the Akron Police Department. “Hopefully we'll be able to go back to this family some day and say, ‘Here's your loved one. She was located.'”
Four months later and the DNA tests have yet to be completed. The family says they're trying to stay patient.
A spokesperson for the Cuyahoga County Medical Examiner's office said they are moving forward with an exhumation of the remains.
Investigators say that from that point they will be sent to a lab in Texas for testing. There is currently no timeline for when those results will be available.
Pagano said he and his family are bracing for the possibility that it's not Linda, but deep down he's convinced it's her.
“Its' something you feel down in here. Yeah. It's her,” Pagano said.
The Strongsville Police Department did not respond to a request for comment.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
When doting mum-of-four Annette Garner popped to see her GP she had no idea she was about to face a shocking ultimatum.
As after telling him she was suffering palpitations and shortness of breath she was asked to get on the scales.
When they crept up to 24stone the self-confessed snack addict admits she thought she was going to have a heart attack on the spot.
She had no idea her chocolate addiction had led her to pile on so much weight.
(Image: Annette Garner)
(Image: Annette Garner)
And the 39-year-old from County Durham was left even more shocked when the doctor told her, "If you don't do something, you won't see your twins grow up”.
It was the question that kicked the bookie clark into action and within 18 months she'd lost a whopping 12-and-a-half stones – taking her from a size 34 to a svelte size 10.
She said: "I hadn't weighed myself for years and could not believe it when the scales hit 24 stone. I was so ashamed I didn't even tell my fiancee what my start weight was until I'd lost all the weight.”
Annette, mum to Emma, 20, Liam, 14 as well as seven-year-old twins Sophie and Zach, admits she had always struggled with her weight and even needed specially made clothes for school when she outgrew the standard-issue uniform.
(Image: Annette Garner)
With every birthday she gained an extra stone, weighing 11 stone aged 11, then 12 stone aged 12.
By the time she was 16 the constant gibes from classmates left her finding solace in her sweet tooth and then after having her daughter at 19, Annette's eating was “out of control”.
She said: “I never ate breakfast, or even meals. I just picked at chocolate. I'd get through a whole packet of chocolate biscuits a day but I never felt full so told myself I'd hardly had anything as there'd been no proper meals.
“I got used to dressing in tents to cover the rolls of fat and being the mum at the park always sat on the bench.
“Even when I discovered my son Liam was being bullied for his “fatty” mum I'm ashamed to say I still didn't diet.
(Image: Annette Garner)
(Image: Annette Garner)
“At the fairground I'd avoid the rides after being caught in the turn-style for Blackpool's big Dipper, and I got used to the nasty looks when I was brought the belt extension on planes.”
Annette split with Emma and Liam's dad after nine years before meeting joiner Craig Priestley, 39, and father to Sophie and Zach.
“Craig agreed I should go to the doctor when I started getting terrible palpitations and couldn't get upstairs without being hopelessly out of breath.
“I'd be already prediabetic and my blood pressure was through the roof.
“I felt sick when the GP told me to get on the scales. I didn't have scales or mirrors in the house.
“When they crept up to 24 stone I thought I was having a heart attack. I was horrified. Mortified. I could not believe I was actually that heavy.
“I was a bit teary but the doctor was very kind but blunt all the same. 'If you want to see your twins grow up you have to lose weight. Do you want them growing up without a mum?”
"It was the wake-up call I needed. I left and signed up to Slimming World straight away.
(Image: Annette Garner)
(Image: Annette Garner)
“As soon as I started eating proper meals I was too full to snack - and more importantly the kids were so proud they'd use their Show and Tell sessions at school to report my weight loss!
"In a year I'd lost 12-and-a-half stone. Now they love their new mum who takes them on weekend bike rides.
"I went back to the GP after hitting my Slimming World target last week and was given a clean bill of health.
"I burst into tears and couldn't thank him enough for what he said to me. He saved my life and will always be grateful - and more importantly, so will the kids."
Get soaps updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
In tonight's Hollyoaks, Sienna Blake plans a shock exit but is stopped when one of her young babies is plunged into danger.
She tries to leave the village after being reunited with baby Sophie, who she discovered on her doorstep.
With both her twins back in her arms, Sienna tries to make a dash for it but is cornered by Maggie and Joel.
Maggie is worried about Sienna's strange behaviour and confides in Joel, who was told by Sienna to never see her or the babies ever again.
Disaster strikes after the pair find Sienna in the park when Sophie's buggy begins to roll towards the lake.
Joel chases after the runaway pram, but will he be able to save Sophie?
Meanwhile, Grace is powerless to resist the charms of Glenn and they end up sleeping together.
Elsewhere, Luke gets ready for his meeting with rapist Mark, but what does he have planned?
* Hollyoaks airs tonight on E4 at 7.00pm
INDIANAPOLIS (AP) — Andrew Luck isn't sure when he'll start throwing again and won't set a timetable for his return from shoulder surgery.
The Indianapolis Colts starting quarterback isn't expected to do much — if any — work during the team's offseason workouts.
Players and coaches held their first official team activities Monday at the team complex, and for the first time Luck acknowledged that his injury problems began during a Week 3 contest at Tennessee in 2015.
He missed nine games that season with an assortment of injuries, including a lacerated kidney. After the season, Luck said he decided to undergo rehab rather than opt for surgery. But after aggravating the injury several times last season, he decided to have surgery.
Advertisement
__
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL .
“As Apple approaches a market cap of $1 trillion with a return on shareholder's equity of 36.1 percent in 2017, it can be thought that Apple's management is doing a lot of things right… enough things that other corporations should be following them,” John M. Mason writes for Seeking Alpha. “Apple's success is not just tied to the physical goods it produces. Oh, that is an important part of what they do, but they have gone beyond just the production of goods to show how, in this modern world of information technology, different facets of ‘information' can be tied together to make something really substantial… and really profitable.”
“Tim Bradshaw writes in the Financial Times about Apple's ‘second-largest source of revenue… its services business composed of revenues from items like App Store downloads, iCloud storage and Apple Music subscriptions, among others.' These areas, altogether, ‘brought in more than $9 billion in the last quarter, up 31 percent on the year.' And, they are ‘a model of consistency compared with the feast-or-famine performance of the iPhone. Since 2006, it has grown at an average rate of 23 percent, year-on-year… Services revenues have doubled in four years,'” Mason writes. “Tim Cook, Apple CEO, and his CFO Luca Maestri, have gone on record as setting a target of $50 billion for the division by the end of 2020.”
“The point is that Apple is creating the modern corporation and is showing others that it is not just the production of a product that is all that is needed,” Mason writes. “The important thing is that these ‘modern' corporations are using ‘information' to tie all things together.”
Read more in the full article here.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Imogen Thomas has reportedly split from her boyfriend Adam Horsley.
The reality TV star and Adam share two daughters together, five-year-old Ariana and two-year-old Siera.
Imogen, 35, and Adam started dating in 2011 and welcomed their first daughter in February 2013. They had Siera in November 2015.
Without directly confirming the pair's split, Imogen posted a cryptic message on Instagram on Tuesday hinting at heartbreak.
The quote read: "Nothing hurts more than being disappointed by the one person who you thought would never hurt you."
She left it captionless, but some of her 253,000 followers soon flooded the comments with messages of support.
"What's your fella done," one wrote, while a second told her to "stay strong".
"Never believe that someone won't hurt u then you're not too disappointed when they do. Hugs," a third wrote.
(Image: FameFlynet)
(Image: WENN)
Last year Imogen opened up about the pair's relationship, admitting having kids put a strain on their romance.
"Once you have two babies it's a really hard struggle to keep things exciting and keep things going.
"We are working on things. We are going to have more date nights," she told Mail Online.
"All you talk about is the kids in the end. I think if you work at it you will get better."
Mirror Online has contacted a representative for Imogen for comment.
According to a report, US President Donald Trump asked aides last year if he could invade Venezuela. Picture: Getty Images/AP
According to a report, US President Donald Trump asked aides last year if he could invade Venezuela. Picture: Getty Images/AP
US PRESIDENT Donald Trump pressed his top military aides about whether he could invade Venezuela during an Oval Office discussion last year.
His inquiry came during a discussion about imposing sanctions on the South American country as it was roiled by political and economic crises, according to a report on Wednesday.
​According to the New York Post, the suggestion stunned the aides, including Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and national security adviser H.R. McMaster - both of whom are no longer with the Trump administration - and sparked a heated debate for about five minutes last August, the Associated Press reported.
Donald Trump asked his military advisers about invading Trump asked about invading Venezuela. Picture: AP
​
General McMaster was among the advisers who explained that any military action could backfire and threaten the support the US built up with other Latin American governments to punish President Nicolas Maduro for jailing opponents and consolidating power in an effort to establish a dictatorship.
Despite the arguments against, Mr Trump persisted and brought up the successful use of the US military to invade Panama and Grenada in the 1980s.
Although the US President gave no indication he was about to call up the military, the idea appeared to remain in his head.
The next day, on August 11, Mr Trump floated the idea that he would use a "military option" to solve the escalating unrest in Venezuela that threatened security in the area.
"We are all over the world and we have troops all over the world in places that are very, very far away," the president said. "Venezuela is not very far away and the people are suffering, and they are dying. We have many options for Venezuela, including a possible military option if necessary."
Mr Trump also mentioned the proposal with Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos, the AP reported, and in September spoke to leaders of four Latin American countries at the United Nations General Assembly about it.
Eventually, Gen. McMaster was able to persuade Mr Trump of how dangerous an invasion would be.
​The White House declined comment, the AP reported, but a spokesman for the National Security Council said the US will consider all options to restore Venezuela's democracy.
The US, Canada and the European Union have slapped sanctions on Maduro and dozens of Venezuela officials over allegations of corruption, drug trafficking and human rights abuses.
This article first appeared in the New York Post and is republished with permission.
TEMPE, Ariz. — July 2, 2018 — Economic activity in the manufacturing sector expanded in June, and the overall economy grew for the 110th consecutive month, say the nation's supply executives in the latest Manufacturing ISM® Report On Business®.
The report was issued today by Timothy R. Fiore, CPSM, C.P.M., Chair of the Institute for Supply Management® (ISM®) Manufacturing Business Survey Committee: “The June PMI® registered 60.2 percent, an increase of 1.5 percentage points from the May reading of 58.7 percent. The New Orders Index registered 63.5 percent, a decrease of 0.2 percentage point from the May reading of 63.7 percent. The Production Index registered 62.3 percent, a 0.8 percentage point increase compared to the May reading of 61.5 percent. The Employment Index registered 56 percent, a decrease of 0.3 percentage point from the May reading of 56.3 percent. The Supplier Deliveries Index registered 68.2 percent, a 6.2 percentage point increase from the May reading of 62 percent. The Inventories Index registered 50.8 percent, an increase of 0.6 percentage point from the May reading of 50.2 percent. The Prices Index registered 76.8 percent in June, a 2.7 percentage point decrease from the May reading of 79.5 percent, indicating higher raw materials prices for the 28th consecutive month.
“Comments from the panel reflect continued expanding business strength. Demand remains strong, with the New Orders Index at 60 percent or above for the 14th straight month, and the Customers' Inventories Index remaining low. The Backlog of Orders Indexes continued to expand, reading at 60 percent of higher for the third consecutive month. Consumption, described as production and employment, continues to expand in spite of labor, skill and material shortages. Inputs, expressed as supplier deliveries, inventories and imports, had expansion increases, due primarily to negative supply chain issues. Lead-time extensions, steel and aluminum disruptions, supplier labor issues, and transportation difficulties continue. Export orders expanded at higher rates. Price pressure remains strong, but the index saw its first expansion softening since November 2017. Demand remains robust, but the nation's employment resources and supply chains continue to struggle. Respondents are overwhelmingly concerned about how tariff related activity is and will continue to affect their business,” says Fiore.
Of the 18 manufacturing industries, 17 reported growth in June, in the following order: Textile Mills; Wood Products; Nonmetallic Mineral Products; Printing & Related Support Activities; Electrical Equipment, Appliances & Components; Fabricated Metal Products; Computer & Electronic Products; Food, Beverage & Tobacco Products; Paper Products; Transportation Equipment; Furniture & Related Products; Machinery; Primary Metals; Miscellaneous Manufacturing; Chemical Products; Petroleum & Coal Products; and Plastics & Rubber Products. No industry reported a decrease in June compared to May.
Posted July 3, 2018
Source: Institute for Supply Management
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Stephanie Davis narrowly avoided flashing her hoo-ha in a dangerously high-cut swimsuit as she hit the high seas of Marbs on Monday.
The actress showed off more than enough of her front bum in the awkwardly cut cossie - which thankfully stayed firmly in place.
The ensemble was all party at the back too, with Steph appearing to have caught the sun on her bare bum.
Good job she's got her new mates on hand to help apply that factor 30.
Love Island's Gabby Allen and ex-TOWIE star Dan Obourne joined her on the party boat in Marbella, with the group sipping on cold soft drinks as they lapped up the sunshine.
(Image: MEGA)
(Image: MEGA)
(Image: MEGA)
The unlikely group has joined forces for a week-long course at the nearby Holistic Boot Camp, with recovering alcoholic Steph gushing about her fresh feels.
"What a time we're having. So happy, it's nice to be so happy. Thankyou SO MUCH Holistic Boot Camp for Marbella now being an anchor of happiness and good times," she wrote on Instagram, alongside an posed shot which also included Callum Best.
Three days ago the group endured a gloomy mountain hike, the completion of which Steph celebrated by showing off her hot bikini body on social media.
She also got cheeky with Gabby and fitness instructor Sally Harding, with the trio flaunting their toned behinds in a naughty beach snap.
A 44-year-old man is nursing a gunshot wound to the face, following yet another shooting in the city during an early morning robbery, on 30th May.
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
LinkedIn
Skype
Google
Pinterest
Tumblr
Telegram
Reddit
Zinedine Zidane. Photo: AFP
Though I don't say this often, I've grown up playing and watching football. I went to Campion School in Mumbai, and I still remember that as a first grader I enjoyed playing football after school every day. A ritual that continued till I was in class X. Football has always been my first love. Growing up, Diego Maradona, Zinedine Zidane and David Beckham were my idols. I had their posters, cards and newspaper cuttings plastered all over my room. I didn't have aspirations of joining the sport professionally because back then the sport was not so organized, and, hence, not lucrative. But I continued to follow the sport, and have been to a lot of Premier League matches during my trips to the UK. Last year, in fact, I attended the Champions League final between Real Madrid and Juventus. That's when I realized things are changing for the sport.
While attending the Champions League final, I had the opportunity of meeting the top leadership from sportswear brands such as Adidas and Under Armour, and some broadcasting officials. And even though we were all there for the love of the game, we ended up making business contacts.
Most of these sporting events typically have a welcome reception at the hotel, a pre-match entertainment itinerary and post-match drinks and dinner, and that's where you meet people, discuss the match and eventually become part of the conversation. I believe people are a lot more relaxed in such surroundings and drop their guard more readily at such events. Since the atmosphere is so friendly, it's easier to have a business conversation, as opposed to a meeting in an office boardroom in a suit and tie. So, a lot of business deals come out of these gatherings. The forthcoming 2018 Fifa World Cup is definitely a big draw for corporate India. I know of so many brands, friends and celebrities who are planning to attend it.
In fact, with many companies now owning sports teams, such events become even more relevant.
Diego Maradona. Photo: AFP
For example, Tata Steel purchased the Jamshedpur franchise to compete in the Indian Super League. It's a stepping stone for them and I'm sure they have a larger appetite. The more they travel internationally and see the matches and activations that happen around the tournament, the more they will take up opportunities to collaborate and create short formats in India. It's a creative business at the end of the day, and international sporting events always sow the seed of interesting formats in various parts of the world. Cricket will always be cricket but there are as many possibilities for successful leagues and icons in other sports in the country.
Indians are hungry for sporting action. Today, you see children running around in Manchester United and Chelsea jerseys but the day will come when they will be seen wearing ISL team jerseys. Brands understand that association with cricketers comes for a huge price, while a similar association with a football player will not attract the huge fee that a cricketer commands. An event like the Fifa World Cup fuels even more interest in football, which is good news for the sport.
Another advantage that Indian businesses have is that India is a country where everyone wants to do business. Business leaders who attend such sporting events are likely to meet businessmen from other countries with similar interests and get to network.
My golden rule in networking is, speak less and listen more. You cannot always be making a pitch, but such events do present an opportunity to get a meeting at a later date. At the same time, you also have a shot at strengthening existing relationships with brands—or even approaching business leaders.
Bunty Sajdeh is the CEO of Cornerstone Sport and Entertainment Pvt. Ltd.
As told to Sandipan Dalal
The Fresh Market Inc., a leading specialty grocery retailer, has named Yvonne Cowser Yancy as the company's senior vice president and chief human resources officer.
Yancy joins The Fresh Market with more than 20 years of experience in human resources in both private and public sectors. She will be responsible for its field and home office human resource and benefit functions, including talent acquisition, organizational design and development, training, compensation and health and wellness functions.
Yancy has extensive experience in the human resources field, having worked with several Fortune 500 companies including GE Capital, Ashland Inc., Lincoln Financial Group, Turner Broadcasting and SunTrust Bank. Prior to assuming her new position at The Fresh Market, she served as the commissioner of human resources for the City of Atlanta, where she oversaw all HR functions that impacted 8,500 employees and 5,000 retirees, such as health and wellness benefit plans, labor relations, talent acquisition, HRIS and the employee assistance program.
“[Yvonne's] ability to design, implement and lead HR initiatives will help cement The Fresh Market as an industry leader from a hiring and employee satisfaction standpoint,” says Larry Appel, president and CEO of The Fresh Market.
An Atlanta native, Yancy holds an MBA in employee relations from Georgia State University and a Bachelor's degree in economics from Northwestern University. She has a lifetime commitment to civic and charitable organizations, such as the Atlanta Chapter of The Links Inc., and is a former member of the SHRM Atlanta Board of Directors. She currently serves on the boards of the progressive arts organization WonderRoot and the Central Outreach and Advocacy Center, which provides services to local homeless Atlanta communities.
“The spirit of The Fresh Market is an integral piece of what sets this company apart in the industry,” Yancy explains. “As I join The Fresh Market team, I am committed to applying my experiences in both the public and private sector to further a prosperous and welcoming workplace for all of our employees.”
Founded in 1982, The Fresh Market Inc. is a specialty grocery retailer focused on providing fresh, delicious food with friendly service in a warm and inviting atmosphere.
The counting for Jharkhand's Gomia and Silli Assembly seats are currently underway. The latest trends show that the Bharatiya Janata Party or BJP is leading from Gomia while Jharkhand Mukti Morcha or JMM is leading Silli.
The Gomia bypoll was necessitated after sitting Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) legislator Yogendra Prasad Mahto was expelled following his conviction in coal theft case. Similarly, the Silli seat fell vacant after the sitting JMM legislator Amit Mahto was convicted in a criminal assault case in March this year.
Madhav Lal Singh is BJP's candidate from Gomia who is leading by 7174 votes after six rounds of counting. Congress won the seat in the 2009 while JMM in the 2014 Assembly elections.
Seema Devi is the JMM from Silli. JMM had won the seat in the 2014 elections while All Jharkhand Students Union Party (AJSUP) had won it in the 2009.
The counting is underway for seven more Assembly seats: Punjab's Shahkot, West Bengal's Maheshtala, Bihar's Jokihat, Kerala's Chengannur, UP's Noorpur, Uttarakhand's Tharali, National People's Party in Meghalaya. Congress candidate has already won Maharashtra's Palus Kadegaon unopposed.
It's not such a hard-knock life for the orphaned killdeer who hatched after its parents and three siblings had already flown the coop over the long weekend.
The baby bird was taken to the Ottawa Valley Wild Bird Care, where workers are trying to surround it with things that will help it feel confident enough to soon live on its own in the wild.
“The mirror and feather duster are there to make him feel safe and comfortable,” said Mae Goguen, executive director at the centre.
Killdeer birds are precocial birds, which means that they are able to feed themselves pretty much immediately. (As opposed to “altricial” birds, which when they are born are, like humans, fairly useless at procuring their own food.)
By Sunday morning, this instinct for feeding oneself had kicked in for the three hatched killdeer, which had scattered towards the Ottawa River with the mother and father killdeer.
Killdeer babies usually spend about a month near their parents while they are fledging (growing feathers for flight, in non-ornithological terms).
Goguen said she doesn't know when the fourth bird will be released into the wild. Killdeers usually hang around with their parents, learning to forage for bugs for a few weeks, but without them, the centre will need to feed it and do a bit of surrogate mothering until the bird is strong enough to be released.
Goguen also said that they haven't determined whether the fourth bird is a male or a female.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Children as young as 11 are suffering in silence from bullying and racist name calling because of their race or faith, campaigners fear.
And police forces have reported a 14% increase in hate crimes against children under 18 in one year, with 5,349 offences recorded with a racial, religious or faith-based element last year.
Leading children's charity, the NSPCC has seen a spike in counselling sessions about racial and faith based bullying after recent terror attacks.
The number rose by over a third to 128 in April last year following the Westminster Bridge attack in March 2017, compared to the previous month's 94.
After the Brussels attack on March 22, 2016, Childline delivered 99 counselling sessions on racial and faith based bullying in the same month, a rise of almost 50% from February 2016, where it held 67 sessions.
Children contacting the charity's Childline said the abuse and negative stereotyping was so cruel they had self-harmed or the bullying in and out of school made them feel isolated and withdrawn from society.
Other youngsters said they no longer wanted to go to school because they were worried about the abuse they would face.
Childline delivered almost 2,700 counselling sessions about race and faith based bullying in the last three years.
But the charity is urging youngsters to speak out about discrimination and has launched a campaign to tackle the problem and help victims seek help.
The move comes amid fears they are suffering in silence from physical bullying, verbal abuse, cyber-bullying and racist name calling because of the colour of their skin, religious beliefs or their accent.
Freedom of Information requests to police forces around the country by the NSPCC found there were 5,349 hate crimes against children in 2016-17, up from 4,695 in 2015-16.
Nearly half (48%) of counselling sessions about racist and faith based bullying were with 12 to 15-year-olds, a quarter were with young people aged 11 and under and 9% were with 16 to 18-year-olds. The age of the children was not recorded in the remaining 18% of sessions.
Dame Esther Rantzen, President of Childline said:“Bullying of any kind is vile, but targeting someone because of the colour of their skin, religious beliefs or their accent is simply unacceptable.
“Children are taking on board prejudices around race and religion in society and trading them as playground insults, with extremely harmful results.
“Young people should be encouraged to be proud of who they are. Racial bullying can be hard to cope with but young people need to know they don't have to carry this burden alone.
“Childline is here for all young people and talking to someone might help them find a way to deal with the situation.”
Peter Wanless, NSPCC chief executive, said: “It's heartbreaking to think that some children are targeted by bullies because of their race, culture or nationality.
“Racist jokes and negative stereotyping can be hurtful and leave young people feeling isolated and ashamed of who they are or where they are from.
“No child should suffer in silence and anyone is targeted must be supported to tell someone and ask for help.”
Any child worried about bullying can call Childline on 0800 11 11. Any adult who is concerned about a child can call the NSPCC Helpline on 0800 800 5000.
IN THEIR OWN WORDS:
*An 11-year-old girl said: “Everyone at school hates me, they call me names like ‘paki' and say that I'm a terrorist. They bully me because of the way that I dress, I don't want to wear my headscarf to school anymore because it makes me stand out, but I could never tell my parents that. I just want to make friends at school and for people to like me, but it's really hard when I feel like an outsider.”
*“In the last few weeks, I seem to be getting racist comments wherever I go. People call me a terrorist and keep telling me to go back to where I came from. I dress in traditional Muslim clothes and I think it singles me out. I usually just put my head down and get on with it but it's getting to the point now where I genuinely feel like I might get attacked.” (Girl, 16-18, Asian/British Asian).
*“I'm being bullied at school because I'm Chinese. The other kids say that my skin is yellow and call me names like ‘chinky', it gets me really down. I hate the way I look so much, I think if I looked different everyone would stop being mean to me and I'd fit in. I've tried to change the way that I look by using eyeliner so that I fit in more. I don't want to tell my parents because I think it would upset them.” (Girl, 11, Chinese)
*“I've been bullied ever since I started school. The bullies call me ‘paki' and other nasty names; it makes me feel so ashamed. My friends won't hang out with me anymore because people started asking why they were friends with someone who had dirty skin. I was born in the UK and I'm not a Muslim, but bullies tell me to go back to my own country. I don't understand because I'm from the UK. I've tried to make my face whiter before using make up so that I can fit in. I just want to enjoy going to school.” (Girl, 11, Asian/British Asian).
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
Surgery doesn't militate against suicide either.
On Sunday, The New York Times ran a piece by Jack Turban, a research fellow at the Yale School of Medicine. Turban says that doctors should begin applying puberty blockers to children who identify as transgender as early as possible. That's because, according to him, "it has become clear that if we support these children in their transgender identities instead of trying to change them, they thrive instead of struggling with anxiety and depression."Turban uses as his example one 14-year-old girl named Hannah who was born a boy named Jonah. Turban glows: "Hannah is using a puberty-blocking implant and getting ready to embark on the path of developing a female body by starting estrogen. Ten years ago most doctors would have called this malpractice. New data has now made it the protocol for thousands of American children."Ten years ago, doctors weren't embracing politically correct insanity as medicine.Turban, you see, claims that by transforming children's bodies younger, we will help them avoid societal stigma, and that it's that stigma that's responsible for the shockingly high rates of suicide and depression associated with gender dysphoria. But there's no hard data to support that notion. A study from professors at the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention and the Williams Institute at the UCLA School of Law, for example, found that 46 percent of transgender men and 42 percent of transgender women in the study had attempted suicide.Is this due to discrimination? The study does show high levels of discrimination against transgender people.But Turban has an agenda. And so, he cites one study of 63 transgender children, which found that if they were allowed to "socially transition" -- if people treated them as their preferred sex -- then they had indistinguishable levels of anxiety and depression from that of their peers. But this study concerns children, who have not yet experienced the rigors of sex drive and sexual dynamics; it also ignores the small sample size and the fact that a reported 8 in 10 children who experience gender confusion grow out of it. But Turban's fine with maintaining gender confusion for those 8 children out of 10 in order to preserve Hannah's peace of mind -- even if Hannah might have grown out of her symptoms herself, thereby lowering risk of suicide over time.Adults should be free to make decisions about their sexuality and their bodies.
UNCASVILLE, Conn. (AP) — Courtney Williams scored 22 points, Jonquel Jones had 19 points and 12 rebounds, and Connecticut beat the New York Liberty 96-76 on Wednesday night for the Sun's first win in the series since 2014.
Jones has four double-doubles in her last five games, averaging 17 points and 14.8 rebounds during the span.
Connecticut raced out to a 24-12 lead and never trailed. Williams scored 15 points in the first half as the Sun built a 45-32 lead and Rachel Banham's back-to-back 3-pointers to open the fourth quarter made it 80-56.
Alyssa Thomas scored 18 points, and Jasmine Thomas added 14 points and a season-high eight assists for Connecticut (4-5).
Tina Charles picked up her second foul with 4:46 left in the first quarter, had seven points at halftime, and finished with 17 for New York (6-4). Shavonte Zellous scored 16 points, including eight of the Liberty's first 13.
___
The AP WNBA Power Poll can be found online at: http://collegebasketball.ap.org/ap-wnba-power-poll-week-5
MIDDLETOWN, Conn. (WTNH) — Middletown police were pursuing a drunk driver when they say he crashed into a parked construction vehicle on I-91 in Meriden.
Police say officers on patrol spotted the drunk driver “going all over the road” in their town, at which point a pursuit was initiated. The driver continued onto I-691, and moved to merge onto I-91 in Meriden.
Troopers were in the area, parked in a small construction pattern on I-91, when they say they observed the driver collide with a truck. Troopers note that the truck was independently contracted, and not owned by the Department of Transportation.
The driver was transported by ambulance to an area hospital for minor injuries. I-91 and I-691 remained open. Middletown police expect to charge the driver this morning.
Supergirl closed out Season 2 with heartbreak as Kara (Melissa Benoist) was forced to say goodbye to her boyfriend Mon-El (Chris Wood) for an undetermined amount of time. With her love lost somewhere in space, the new season finds her coping with his absence back on Earth while also dealing with a slew of new villains that have arrived in National City.
There's a lot going on so if you find yourself blanking on some of the details, don't worry. We've got you covered! Ahead of the premiere, we broke down everything you need to know about Season 3.
Kara's mom won't be the same.
Kara's deceased mom Alura will continue to impart her much-needed wisdom via artificial intelligence, but her holographic form will look slightly different. That's because Eric Durance, who played Lois Lane opposite Tom Welling's Clark Kent in Smallville, is replacing Laura Benanti in the role. Benanti had to back out this season due to other work commitments.
The show has already seen a shakeup behind-the-scenes.
Producers Jessica Queller (who also worked on Gilmore Girls and Gossip Girl) and Robert Rovner (who is a executive produced Private Practice) have been promoted to co-showrunners alongside Andrew Kreisberg. Kreisberg previously shared those duties with Ali Adler, but the latter stepped down earlier this year and remains a consultant on the series.
There will be multiple villains.
This season will see a number of new baddies including Robert DuBois aka Bloodsport, an ex-military soldier who uses stolen tech from his old base to hide a nuclear weapon. Plus, Heroes and Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. alum Adrian Pasdar steps in as ruthless real estate developer Morgan Edge whose big plans for National City don't sit well with Kara and Lena Luthor (Katie McGrath).
Yael Grobglas is set to play Psi, a villain with psychic abilities who has a surprising inpact on Supergirl.
But Reign will be the big bad.
Odette Annable (Astronaut Wives Club) joins the show as Reign, the leader of a group of genetically modified aliens known as Worldkillers who have an insatiable thirst for destruction. Annable's character briefly appeared in the Season 2 finale as the baby in the pod who also made it off Krypton before the planet exploded. With no memory of her past, the single mom who goes by the name Samantha will seek out Supergirl to find out more about her heritage.
Supergirl is getting a Tremblay.
No, not Jacob. His sister Emma heads to the series as Ruby, a young girl obsessed with the Girl of Steel who also keeps getting into trouble.
J'onn J'onnz isn't the last (Green) Martian alive, after all.
The new season will be a family affair for J'onn J'onnz (David Harewood), whose father is headed to town. Carl Lumbly is set to appear as M'yrnn and he believes his son has "gone so Earth-man," according to showrunner Andrew Kreisberg.
You're going to see a lot less of Maggie.
Maggie may have gotten engaged to Alex Danvers (Chyler Leigh) in the Season 2 finale but she won't be around as much in the new season. Floriana Lima, who plays her, has decided to pursue other opportunities and will now be a recurring character. It's unclear what that means for her relationship with Alex and whether or not they'll actually make it down the aisle. On the plus side, it doesn't look like she's going to be killed off anytime soon.
And probably Mon-El, too.
When we last caught up with the reformed Daxamite, he was forced to leave Earth after Kara set off a nuclear weapon which made the planet's atmosphere toxic to him (but saved everyone else from his evil mom Rhea, played by Teri Hatcher). Unfortunately, his pod was knocked off course and fell through a portal to another dimension. If and how he makes his way back to Kara remains a mystery.
There's another four-part crossover headed your way.
Yep, Supergirl is teaming up with the spandex heroes from Arrow, The Flash and DC's Legends of Tomorrow for another super-sized crossover event. This year's four-part spectacle takes place Monday, Nov. 27 and Tuesday, Nov. 28 starting at 8/7c on the CW. The special will be called "Crisis on Earth-X" and center around Barry (Grant Gustin) and Iris's (Candice Patton) upcoming nuptials.
Melissa Benoist, David Harewood, Supergirl
Supergirl kicks off the CW-DC season on Monday, Oct. 9 at 8/7c.
(Full disclosure: TV Guide is owned by CBS, one of the CW's parent companies.)
Get Real Madrid CF updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Real Madrid have reportedly accepted Cristiano Ronaldo's contract demands with the Portuguese star set to remain in Spain.
The five-time Balon d'Or winner's future at the club was in doubt after a poor return in front of goal.
Ronaldo had been linked with moves to Paris Saint-Germain and his former club Manchester United.
But according to Spanish paper ABC, he will earn £26.5million a year, an increase of almost £8m on his current deal.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
That will see him earn the same as PSG Neymar but less than Barcelona rival Lionel Messi.
Ronaldo last week pledged his future to the Spanish giants.
Asked if he likes living in Madrid, Ronaldo said: "Of course I like living here. I've lived in this city since 2009 and I love the weather and the people.
"It's close to Portugal and you can get there by car. Spain is a great country, I love it.
"Of course I want to stay here, I love this club."
Rome, July 7 - Storms and torrential rain have caused big problems in the northern province of Trentino, especially in the Fassa and Fiemme valleys. The worst-hit town was Moena, where the streets became torrents and violent shower of hailstones covered the area. Many roads had to be closed and around 50 people were evacuated from their homes. A group of 13 people, including staff and excursionists, were isolated at the Taramelli mountain refuge in Val Monzoni. Around 3,300 lighting bolts hit Alto Adige during storms there, while gale-force winds were causing problems near to Lake Como.
ROANOKE, Va. - Christiansburg outlasted Patrick Henry 49-42 in a River Ridge District boys basketball game on Friday night. The Blue Demons freshman Aiden Proudfoot led the way with 21 points for C'Burg. Patrick Henry's Quincy Hamlet countered with 19 points for the hosts. The game was tied at 26 at the half, but the Blue Demons prevailed 49-42.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Stalkers and domestic abusers should be forced to wear GPS trackers which would alert their victims if they are nearby, campaigners have demanded.
They say plans to fit offenders with electronic tags included in the government's draft domestic abuse bill launched by Theresa May last month do not go far enough.
Liz Saville-Roberts, Plaid Cymru's home affairs spokesperson, has urged ministers to introduce a system where the offender wears a device that transmits an alert directly to the victim and police if a restraining order is breached.
She said: “We know that manufacturers could develop simple devices based on transmitters and receivers that could provide a vital extra layer of security for victims and genuinely reduce the incidents of re-offending by convicted stalkers and abusers.
“A victim would carry a receiver and be alerted if their abuser were to enter a court-imposed exclusion zone, with the police also receiving an alert in high-risk incidences.
(Image: Getty Images)
"Above all, it would give the victim an increased sense of safety and confidence - something that is taken for granted by most of us but is severely lacking amongst some victims of abuse.”
Laura Lyons, 32, was victim of a campaign of domestic abuse and “honour”-based violence.
She escaped her marriage in 2013 and had to move several times along with her young daughter.
Ms Lyons, also a women's rights campaigner, said: “I think it would definitely help people. In my own personal view, it would be extremely helpful to know if the perpetrator was in my vicinity.
"This would then enable me to notify the police and get to a place of safety.
“It doesn't ever go away. A lot of women who experience violence and abuse for years and years are extremely worried about the person finding them and hurting them again. They might be outside your house and you would have no idea.
(Image: Mirrorpix)
“This sounds like an excellent idea and one I would fully support. However, the equipment and software used must be extremely well-tested ensuring that perpetrators can not find away around it, thus luring victims into a false sense of security.”
Director of the Victims' Rights Campaign, Harry Fletcher, said: “Our proposals are about improving safety and public confidence, and allowing victims of domestic abuse and stalking to live their lives without fear.
"Manufacturers have told us that that they could develop these simple devices and it is important that the Government takes these ideas on board and gives them serious consideration.
“Safety must take priority over cost to the Ministry of Justice. Indeed, if safety was paramount it would reduce health costs.”
The draft Domestic Abuse Bill also proposes tougher sentences where children are involved and more support for victims who testify in court.
It includes a new definition of economic abuse - if people are denied access to jobs or money, or forced to take loans.
Tim Hortons called the lawsuit “unfounded,” in a statement by its media relations team
The legal battle between a group of Tim Hortons franchisees and their parent company escalated Friday as the corporate-unsanctioned association filed a lawsuit alleging that Restaurant Brands International, its subsidiary and several executives continually subvert their right to associate.
The defendants have engaged in conduct that “seeks to interfere with, restrict, penalize, or threaten franchisees from exercising their rights to associate,” according to a lawsuit filed in an Ontario Superior Court of Justice on behalf of two franchisees who belong to the Great White North Franchisee Association. None of the claims have been proven in court.
Tim Hortons called the lawsuit “unfounded,” in a statement by its media relations team.
“We have always been clear that we will not interfere with our franchisees' right to associate and that remains true today,” it read, adding the lawsuit is the latest tactic of the group's “disregard for the brand and our restaurant owners.”
The GWNFA, which incorporated in March to raise franchisee concerns over the management of the brand, alleges the defendants systematically stymied their group.
The claim alleges this pattern includes the defendants denying future store opportunities to franchisees because they are “not aligned” with Tim Hortons's interest and setting aside a $2 billion fund to buy out franchisees who have joined the GWNFA or may do so in the future.
READ MORE: Burger King, Tim Hortons join forces to form world's 3rd largest fast food company
READ MORE: Fraser Valley Classic Car Show doubles down with Tim Hortons
“It is happening. We know it's happening,” said GWNFA president David Hughes, one of the lead plaintiffs.
He hopes the lawsuit, which is seeking about $850 million in damages from RBI and its subsidiary, will force the parent company to reconsider legal action it commenced late last month.
RBI subsidiary the TDL Group Corp. served default notices to all of the GWNFA's board members, including Hughes, on Sept. 18. The company accused them of providing confidential information to Tim Hortons former CEO Don Schroeder, who then allegedly gave it to a Canadian newspaper.
Schroeder and the GWNFA deny these claims, and the association included the legal action in its statement of claim as proof of the company's efforts to hamper its operations.
This is the group's second lawsuit against the company.
In June, a $500-million lawsuit filed on behalf of franchisee and GWNFA member Mark Kuziora alleged RBI improperly used money from a national advertising fund. The allegations have not been proven in court and RBI said at the time that it vehemently disagrees with and denies all the allegations.
The lawsuit is currently in the preliminary stages, said Hughes, and the GWNFA hopes it will move before a judge in early 2018.
While the two sides are now mostly communicating through lawyers, Hughes said the association is willing to sit down with executives and work out a fair deal for franchisees.
Until that deal is achieved, it doesn't appear Hughes will back down.
“I'm the guy that started. I'm the guy that's going to stand. If I'm the last man standing, so be it.”
Aleksandra Sagan, The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Thousands of people face digging into their children's inheritance to solve the social care crisis, the head of the NHS has signalled.
Simon Stevens warned wealthier people are “almost bound to” have to use their assets to fund their care in future.
And the NHS England chief executive suggested more could take up the option of paying by selling their homes after they die.
His comments come as Theresa May prepares to unveil a major blueprint this year for long-term funding of the NHS.
MPs are demanding a similar long-term plan for cash-starved social care, which puts pressure on hospitals when frail inpatients have nowhere to go.
Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt has suggested a dedicated NHS tax rise, paid by all, could be one solution.
But Mr Stevens warned such a hike for social care would be a “difficult argument to win”.
(Image: PA)
He MPs told the Commons Health and Social Care Committee: “When we look at the question of whether working age adults should see their taxes go up in an unbalalnced way relative to the accumulated housing assets that our parents' generation have, I think that would be a difficult argument to win.
“So I think the principle that where people have got resources, then that needs to form part of the funding answer, is almost bound to be part of a sustainable solution - given the implications otherwise for general taxation.”
He said it was for government to decide, adding swiftly: “Frankly that's straying way beyond my brief.”
Mr Stevens also suggested more people could be charged for their care through a deferred payment on property assets after they die.
He told MPs “we obviously have a mechanism that is not as widely used as it could be”, adding: “I think that is potentially part of an answer.”
Asked if he backed a general social care tax on all older people's assets, not just those needing care, Mr Stevens said: “I don't have a point of view on that.
“That's obviously one of the answers that some people have proposed.”
But he added the current means test on social care, which cuts away residents' assets until they have £23,250 left, was “very hard”.
Mr Stevens warned 18,000 of England's 100,000 NHS hospital beds have had the same occupant “stuck” in them for three weeks or more - equal to 36 acute hospitals.
“A lot of that is attributable to difficulties getting discharged and the social care support people need,” he said.
The 18,000 figures is not all “bed-blocking” as it includes all hospital patients.
(Image: Getty Images)
But it comes after the Mirror revealed winter bed-blocking hit 220 at one hospital alone, Queen's Medical Centre in Nottingham.
Mr Stevens added: “Fundamentally the pressures are really being experienced for frail older people.
“We're an ageing country. That shows up both in terms of the support people have in their own homes, it shows up in the availability of high-quality care home places where people need it.”
Mr Stevens said he opposed a full national integration of NHS and social care funding, saying: “Putting two leaky funding buckets together doesn't make a watertight health and care service.”
On a local level, he said integration had “improved significantly” but added: “It takes two to tango and both dance partners are getting closer to each other, but we're not yet ready for Strictly.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Booze is as an important part of Christmas as pigs in blankets, Home Alone and goodwill to all men.
Which is just as well because, come December, you cannot move for the stuff - especially prosecco.
However, if you've not stock-piled your festive fizz yet, then we have some important news for you.
Sainsbury's have been doing some calculations and according to these, they're forecast to sell a record-shattering amount of prosecco (and other sparking wines).
Around 489,000 bottles in fact - and by 23 December.
This huge surge in prosecco sales has even leaded to Sainsbury's naming the day 'Sparkling Saturday.'
(Image: Hoxton)
This is wonderful news for Sainsbury's, and presumably other retailers who have found this pattern applies to them too.
It does mean that all the dedicated prosecco fiends out there need to get their skates on and have stocked up on sparkling wines by December 22 to avoid disappointment.
Of course, given the reports of how much damage prosecco does to your teeth you may want to give it a wide berth for a little while.
(Image: iStockphoto)
The nation's favourite fizz is known for its "triple whammy" of acidic bubbles, alcohol content and sugar."
That said, if you're going to push on regardless, then Sainsbury's have just slashed the price of their award-winning Taste the Difference Non-Vintage Brut Champagne, which won Good Housekeeping Institute's 'best champagne under £40' gong earlier this year.
For those who don't know, Waqar Zaka is a Pakistani reality TV star popular for ‘Living on the Edge'—call it poor man's Fear Factor if you will.
With the help of a Turkish agent, he ventured into Syria from the Turkish town of Kilis with the goal of reaching Aleppo, along with bringing a family from Aleppo to Kilis.
Did he reach Aleppo?
If we go by his viral video, he was able to go to rebel-held town Azaz, where he distributed cash and clothes. Azaz is a town known for its close proximity with Turkey and also shares a border with Turkey. He takes pictures with kids and the families are shy but thankful for the aid. The video then cuts to the inside of a car where a Syrian family is talking to Zaka, and a Syrian doctor by the name of Hassan tells him that he was a doctor in Aleppo and used to live in Bab al-Hadid region of Aleppo. Dr Hassan then says: “Our house was smashed and bombed by the planes.”
Zaka asks them why didn't they stay in the refugee camps and Dr Hassan's wife tells him it was quite cold there and hard to live with little kids.
He shows them their house—somewhere in Kilis—and hands them the money which includes the rent, as well the security deposit. Dr Hassan thanks him, but adds that he would need a job and Zaka assures him that he would help in opening a “medicine shop” for him.
Zaka's Analysis
Zaka then gives his candid political analysis on the situation in Syria which goes something like this:
“There must be one particular area in Syria where bad things are happening, but not everywhere.”
He informs that CNN and BBC have an issue with Bashar al-Assad and don't really give a clear picture: “They won't mention Bashar al-Assad liberated his area from Daesh, but will keep on harping about people getting killed.”
“Now that Assad has cleared the area from Daesh, America is feeling embarrassed.”
He then complains about Palmyra—which he called “Palmeeree”— not getting a mention in the news after ISIS retook the area from the Assad regime: “There's another area where Daesh has reappeared…Palmeeree is the name I think.”
“If in his country [Assad] is carrying out attacks to get rid of terrorism…See, no one wants to kill their own people…America just loves being everyone's daddy.”
On a humanitarian level what he did was nothing short of spectacular and he is rightly being appreciated all over in Pakistan because of that. With that being said, he's not a journalist, and even some of the more established journalists of the world lost their marbles when it comes to Syria. So, you can't really blame him for some of those gaffes.
It is pertinent to mention here that venturing into Syria has always been dangerous for aid workers and humanitarians alike. A brutal war has been going in Syria since 2011 when anti-government protests turned violent. Oliver Bridgeman, an Australian teenager from Queenstown, went into Syria for aid work and his passport was cancelled by the Australian authorities. There have been a few cases even in Pakistan where aid workers have been apprehended by security agencies based on a fear they were involved in terrorist activities. Fighters from Pakistan have gone on to Syria to both fight and defend the government of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. Iran has recruited fighters from Parachinar to fight in defence of the Syrian government. They become a part of a militia called Zeinabiyoun.
Get football updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Forget Devon Loch's collapse in sight of the winning post at the Grand National – 61 years later it's happening again to Rafa Benitez at the Blaydon Races.
As Newcastle United's stumble towards promotion turned into Bank Holiday gridlock at Portman Road, manager Benitez accused his players of switching off and not being “mentally ready.”
With just two wins from their last eight games, the Toon are wobbling like a Turkish belly dancer's midriff and Benitez groaned: “I'm concerned about the change from the performance against Leeds on Good Friday to the performance here.
“We knew it could be this kind of game today and I thought we were ready – but it seems we were not focused or mentally ready.
(Photo: Rex Features)
“All the goals were massive mistakes. We need to analyse the performance, but everyone has to take responsibility. I know what I told the players at half-time and at the end, but something was wrong and we have to change quickly.”
Ipswich had not won back-to-back games all season, but when former Sunderland manager Mick McCarthy rattled his collection tin, Benitez's dunces gave generously.
Apart from Matt Ritchie's stooping header over the top, neither side had threatened in a sterile first half until Freddie Sears – afforded charitable space in the box - fired the home side in front three minutes before the break.
It was Sears' fourth goal in his last four League games – as many as the previous 61.
When ex-Ipswich striker Daryl Murphy met Christian Atsu's cross at the far post to equalise after 62 minutes, and even his jilted Suffolk flock joined in the applause, it looked as if Newcastle would go on to win.
(Photo: PA)
But the Magpies failed to track David McGoldrick's run from left to right across the box and he popped up at the far post to turn in Sears' low centre and restore Ipswich's lead seven minutes later.
Newcastle rarely threatened to salvage a point until Emyr Huws settled all arguments in stoppage time with a close-range volley from substitute Brett Pitman's cross.
As a memorial to Sir Bobby Robson, who managed both clubs, Ipswich unfurled their best performance of the season and boss McCarthy said: “To talk about Newcastle being nervous and not playing well would be an injustice to my team.
“I thought it was a fitting tribute to Sir Bobby. I'm not sure whose side he would have been on, but he must have favoured us today.”
Player Ratings
Ipswich: Bialkowski 7, Spence 6, Chambers 8, Berra 7, Kenlock 6 (Emmanuel, 77), Lawrence 8 (Pitman, 89), Huws 6, Skuse 6, Ward 6, Sears 7, McGoldrick 8* (Smith, 86).
Newcastle: Darlow 5, Yedlin 5 (Gamez, 78), Lascelles 6, Hanley 5, Dummett 6, Shelvey 5, Hayden 6 (Gouffran, 61), Ritchie 5 (Mitrovic, 81), Diame 6, Atsu 6, Murphy 6.
LANDOVER, Md. (AP) — The New York Giants topped Washington 19-10 on Sunday, dashing the Redskins' chances to make the playoffs. Rashad Jennings rushed for a 2-yard touchdown and Robbie Gould kicked two field goals for the Giants, who finished the season with an 11-5 record. Redskins quarterback Kirk Cousins threw for 285 yards, one touchdown and two interceptions.
CINCINNATI (AP) — Rex Burkhead ran for 119 yards and a pair of touchdowns in the Cincinnati Bengals' 27-10 win over the Baltimore Ravens on Sunday. Andy Dalton threw for 226 yards and a score as the Bengals earned their fifth straight win over the Ravens at home. Baltimore receiver Steve Smith caught three passes for 34 yards in what was probably the final game of his career.
ANAHEIM, Calif. (AP) — Ryan Kesler had a hat trick and Corey Perry scored the decisive shootout goal Sunday night in the Anaheim Ducks' 4-3 victory over the Philadelphia Flyers. Goalie John Gibson made 52 saves to set career and franchise records for the Ducks. Travis Konecny, Sean Couturier and Brayden Schenn scored for the Flyers.
TORONTO (AP) — Auston Matthews scored in regulation and overtime on Sunday as the Maple Leafs beat the Detroit Red Wings 5-4 in an outdoor game at BMO Field in Toronto. Leo Komarov, Mitch Marner, and Connor Brown also lit the lamp for the Maple Leafs. The game was delayed 30 minutes at the start because of sun on the ice.
Vatican City, January 2 - Tenderness is "a virtue of the strong," Pope Francis said in a New Year's Day homily in St Peter's Square Sunday. "There's no need to mistreat others," the pope told thousands of well-wishers on a brisk but sunny day.
Geothermal features within a national preserve in northern New Mexico that marks the heart of an ancient collapsed volcano could get extra protections under a new effort by the National Park Service.
Officials say Valles Caldera National Preserve would become the 17th park unit with designated thermal features. Yellowstone, Crater Lake and Hawaii Volcanoes are on the list.
Valles Calderas is home to vast grasslands and the remnants of one of North America's few super volcanoes.
The nearly 140-square-mile preserve was purchased by the federal government in 2000 and managed as a working ranch for years. The Park Service took over in 2015.
The federal government moved a decade ago to condemn the last privately owned mineral rights to protect against geothermal development within the preserve. The latest effort would ensure outside development doesn't affect the designated features.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Get Screened Earlier For Colorectal Cancer, Urges American Cancer Society
Colorectal cancer is the second-leading cause of cancer death in the United States, most frequently diagnosed among adults over 65. To catch those typically slow-growing malignancies early, when they can often be cured, most doctors' groups recommend colorectal cancer screening starting at age 50.
But the American Cancer Society this week changed its advice and is recommending that screening start five years earlier.
"There is compelling evidence that the optimum age to start is now 45," says Dr. Richard Wender, chief cancer control officer of the society, who cites a sharp increase in deaths from colon and rectal cancers among men and women under age 50.
"People born in the '80s and '90s are at higher risk of developing colon cancer, particularly rectal cancer, than people born when I was born back in the '50s," Wender says.
And the rise is not just because detection is getting better, he says. In fact, the risk of developing colon cancer is twice as high as it was years ago and the risk of developing rectal cancer is four times higher.
"We just have to face reality," says Wender. "We just don't know why it's increasing."
Some of the increase could stem from the increase in obesity in the U.S., a known risk factor for colorectal cancer, he says.
"But we don't think that explains the entire change," he adds. "There is a great deal of interest and a lot of research beginning to try to answer that question."
So far, other groups are maintaining their recommendation that colon cancer screening start at age 50, including the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force, an independent, volunteer panel of national experts in disease prevention and evidence-based medicine.
Stanford University internist Douglas K. Owens, the task force's vice-chairperson, says the group's 2016 recommendations were based on extensive review of the benefits and harms of colorectal screening at the time.
"There was limited data on screening people under age 50," Owens says. The new American Cancer Society guidelines, he adds, should prompt more research into the relative benefits and harms of screening among younger people.
Dr. Robin B. Mendelsohn, a gastroenterologist at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center in New York, says there's been an "alarming" increase in cancer among younger adults. She's the co-director of the recently established Center for Young Onset Colorectal Cancer there.
Over the last 10 years, Memorial Sloan Kettering has seen 4,000 new colorectal cancer patients under age 50, she says. Many of them did not have traditional risk factors such as obesity, smoking, alcohol, physical inactivity or a diet high in fat or low in fiber.
In fact, Mendelsohn says, they were typically less likely to smoke and less likely to be overweight than their older counterparts.
"Anecdotally, when you talk with these patients, [some] are marathon runners who don't eat red meat, don't smoke, do everything 'right' and say 'why did this happen to me?' " she says.
Often, they tell her they've seen multiple doctors because of rectal bleeding, but have been told, since they're under 50, they "can't have cancer." That's clearly not the case, she says.
Ongoing studies are looking at a multitude of factors that might be contributing to the earlier cancer incidence. Potential culprits include over-the-counter anti-inflammatory medicines, antibiotics and antidepressants, as well as multiple vitamins, probiotics and other dietary supplements.
The new recommendations should bring greater attention to the value of screening, says Mendelsohn, who suggests that future studies investigate whether even younger people — in their early 40s or even 30s — should be screened.
A first colon cancer screening does not have to be a colonoscopy. In its new recommendations, the cancer society recommends choosing from one of six screening tests, which are also currently recommended by other expert groups. The guidelines don't prioritize among screening choices.
The choices include three at-home kits that test stool for blood.
These kits need to be ordered by a doctor; primary-care providers often have them on hand in the office to give to patients, Wender says, or they may be mailed.
"It's done in the privacy of your own home," he says. Patients mail the sample to a research facility which tests for microscopic traces of blood.
If the test is positive, a colonoscopy is recommended, Wender says; but only one in five people test positive for blood in their stool.
Typically, these home tests of feces are repeated every year for good results.
Alternatively, some patients opt for what's called a "virtual" colonoscopy — essentially a CT scan of the colon — which should be done every five years, according to the new recommendations.
Another approved option is a flexible sigmoidoscopy, which looks at the lower part of the colon, and is followed up by a colonoscopy if polyps are found.
A positive result picked up in these screening tests is typically followed up by a colonoscopy, which uses a tiny camera to investigate the entire colon. It is not only a search for early cancer; more often than not, Wender says, it detects pre-malignant, suspicious lesions, or polyps, which are removed during the procedure.
"When we find and remove polyps we actually prevent any future chance of that developing into cancer," he says.
Despite the high cure rate when colon cancer is caught early, only two-thirds of Americans over 50 get screened.
The American Cancer Society says it endorsed the full range of screening tests "without preference" in order to improve the rate of screening. In its latest advice, the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force says head-to-head comparison studies have shown that no one screening test is more effective than another in early cancer detection.
While they differ on the age of first screening, both groups suggest that screening over age 75 should be a joint decision between patient and doctor. And after age 85, screening is no longer necessary, the doctors' groups agree. That's because the risk of colonoscopy among this elderly population can outweigh any benefit.
The LPGA Tour has not had a multiple winner through 13 tournaments this season.
Korean Sung Hyun Park won last year at Trump National Golf Club in Bedminster, New Jersey, by two strokes over amateur Hye-Jin Choi.
Some players, including Inbee Park, Karrie Webb and No. 3-ranked Lexi Thompson, got a full 18 holes on Monday.
Thompson said some parts of fairways were "a little muddy and a little patchy." After that experience, she was hoping to play under lift, clean and place rules.
"I think it will be a little unfair if they don't, but you never know," she said. "I mean if they don't, everybody has to play it down and it is what it is, but it's their choice. The rain has not helped that situation, so I guess come Thursday we'll see, though."
This will be the third USGA championship at Shoal Creek but the first Women's Open. Buddy Alexander won the 1986 U.S. Amateur and Cameron Peck won the 2008 U.S. Junior.
Shoal Creek also hosted the PGA Championship in 1984 and 1990, when the club drew criticism for not having black members. That led the PGA Tour to change its policy on going to courses that didn't allow minority members.
The Regions Tradition, a PGA Tour Champions major, was held at Shoal Creek from 2011-2015.
This time the primary concern is the weather and course conditions.
Webb, who won back-to-back championships in 2000 and 2001, is playing in her 23rd consecutive Women's Open. She got a special exemption from the USGA.
"It'll be the softest U.S. Open course I've played," Webb said.
The conditions could potentially help long hitters like Thompson and Sung Hyun Park. But distance, of course, isn't the only important factor.
"I think it could set up for anyone that's just hitting lots of fairways and greens," Webb said.
Some players were fine with the unscheduled downtime of cancelled practice rounds. Two-time U.S. Women's Amateur champion Danielle Kang played only the back nine on Monday and her scheduled practice round for Wednesday was pushed back too late to get it in, barring an earlier slot opening.
A friend, PGA Tour player and Birmingham native Trey Mullinax, gave her a rundown of the course over the phone.
Otherwise, Kang took advantage of the free time by seeing the movie "Solo," then sleeping until 10 a.m. Wednesday, enjoying brunch and not sweating the minimal practice time at Shoal Creek.
"I feel more prepared than ever," Kang said. "That's why I think I'm so kind of relaxed about it."
By John Zenor, The Associated Press
× Rapper Involved in Child-Sex Videos Set to Perform in Luzerne County
WILKES-BARRE — A popular rapper who pled guilty to using a child in a sex performance is coming to our area for two concerts.
Rapper “Tekashi 6ix9ine” has hits on the Billboard Top 100, but he's also creating quite a stir in our area.
“Tekashi 6ix9ine” is set to take the stage at Bentley's Night Club in Ashley and the Ali Baba Lounge in Wilkes-Barre in the upcoming months.
This comes after he pleaded guilty to three counts of using a child in a sex performance in New York City.
His scheduled appearances are upsetting some people who live and work in the Wyoming Valley.
“I don't know why he's not in jail because he admitted to what he did. I just think it's strange that he's still out there,” Lindsay Casper of nearby Loyalty Barbershop said.
According to court papers, “Tekashi 6ix9ine,” also known as Daniel Hernandez, was involved in three videos showing a young girl engaging in sex acts with another man. He has not been sentenced for these charges just yet.
Even still, people in Wilkes-Barre said his concerts send the wrong message.
“I think it's inappropriate. I think it's gross and it's demeaning. I mean it's 2018, we're in a time where women are stronger and more independent. We're all equals,” Casper said.
“I just think it brings the wrong publicity to Wilkes-Barre. Why would you even book somebody when you know they have this going on,” Katie Petrowski of Mountain Top said.
The rapper is set to perform in Ashley at Bentley's Nightclub next Friday, February 9. He is also scheduled to be at the Ali Baba Lounge Saturday, April 21.
“I just think it's crazy that so many different people are having this guy perform when he's pleaded guilty to doing these actions,” Matthew Geraghty of Philadelphia said.
People said some entertainers can be forgiven for their mistakes, but this goes too far.
“I think people deserve second chances but they have to have remorse for their actions and he doesn't really seem to have any from his Instagram posts or his social media activity,” Geraghty said.
Newswatch 16 did reach out to both concert venues – the Ali Baba Lounge declined to comment and Bentley's Night Club did not respond.
Despite the controversy, both shows are still set to go on.
Posted 1 hour ago
Defending champions 1000 Streets are optimistic they will beat rivals Nyoi FC on Tuesday 3PM in the semi final of the Koth Biro tournament at Umeme
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
France has been a family favourite for British holidaymakers for decades. In fact, around 17 million of us go there each year - and its popularity shows no signs of slowing down.
But where can you head if you want to make the most of your trip?
Mirror Travel has teamed up with holiday specialist ­Eurocamp – which has been helping British travellers enjoy French ­getaways for more than 40 years – to share its exclusive insider travel tips in eight key regions.
Find out the best things to see and do, the best cheap eats and shopping, not to mention the Eurocamp parks in the region you won't want to miss...
You can also find some great Eurocamp deals in our handy guide here .
Which regions are in the guide?
Riviera/Provence
Picardy/Normandy
Loire Valley
Brittany
Languedoc-Roussillon
Dordogne
Gironde/Gastony/Pyrénées
(Image: Getty)
1. Riviera/Provence
The Riviera is a procession of chic towns, blissful beaches and dazzling light. Inland Provence is renowned for its atmospheric hill towns and verdant valleys.
SEE & DO : Catch a ferry from Hyères to the beautiful traffic-free islands of Iles de Porquerolles. Verdon Gorge is the French Grand Canyon, where giant Griffon vultures have been reintroduced.
DRINK : Rosé wine is a speciality of the region – enjoy a glass at trendy W-Brasserie in Sainte Maxime (great icecreams too) or head to Toulon for a cocktail with Med views at Cote Jardin.
EAT : La Brasserie Tradition and Gourmandise in St Raphael is the perfect place for Med dishes with a contemporary twist, eaten on a flower-decked terrace. Or try Auberge du Teillon in La Garde – a cosy bistro offering plentiful French cooking at good rates.
SHOP: The markets in Fréjus are fun and colourful, with ceramics, art, leatherwear and fashions on the seafront, while the town centre market sells great wines and local produce. For seriously good wine visit Cave Des Cariatides, on Rue Sieyes.
TOP 3 EUROCAMP PARKS NEARBY:
1. La Baume : Boasting two Californian-style pool complexes, there are also plenty of sports from football to volleyball on offer.
2. Domaine des Naiades : Just 900m from the beach, this park boasts an Olympic-sized swimming pool.
3. Les Lacs du Verdon : With a water park and brand-new playground on offer, your little ones won't be stuck for things to do in this park!
2. Picardy/Normandy
Famous for its historic beaches and rustic cuisine, there's more here than you think.
SEE & DO: Explore the genteel seaside town of Deauville. Grand but not stuffy, there are hotels offering afternoon teas, as well as a racecourse and big-hitting film festival.
Try kite-surfing at Kite Paradise in Houlgate and visit the Christian Dior Museum in Granville for some fashion history.
DRINK: Head to Houlgate to try Le Royalty or Les Marigot.
EAT: Try fresh oysters, scallops and lobster. Stock up at Les Halles covered market in Le Havre or enjoy a leisurely lunch at Aux Delices (the steak frites, moules marinière, and Normandy fish stew are recommended).
La Flambée is a stylish townhouse serving fine French cuisine, including agneau de pré-salé (naturally salty lamb).
SHOP: In Picardy's St Valéry Sunday market you'll love browsing the vibrant glasswear, clothes, gifts, sunglasses and bric-a-brac.
TOP 3 EUROCAMP PARKS NEARBY:
1. La Vallee : With the new 'Plus' Kids' Club operating six days a week, there's even more entertainment on offer for kids at this fun-filled park which also boasts a children's pool and water slides.
2. La Cote de Nacre : It's just a 20-minute transfer from Caen Ferry Port, this park boasts a covered pool, games room and a play area for the kids.
3. La Bien-Assise : This pet-friendly park is just a short trip from the ferry at Calais so you can be enjoying your holiday in no time - and dining on the iconic French cuisine at the park's authentic French restaurant.
(Image: Getty)
3. Loire Valley
Known as the Garden of France, this is a great place to explore and unwind in lush, leafy surroundings.
SEE & DO: Get a bird's eye view with a hot air balloon ride, leaving from the towns of Chenonceau, Amboise, Chaumont and Loches.
Visit Château d'Ussé – the inspiration for the original Sleeping Beauty.
Embrace the dark side at the Museum of Sorcery in Concressault. Discover more about witchcraft, tackle a ‘haunted' maze then chill with a picnic.
DRINK: Catch the footy with local beers at Le Liverpool in Saumur or pop into Le Dolmen in Bagneux, a bar next a prehistoric burial chamber.
EAT: Head to pretty Saumur for duck, steak and fish in at L'Alchimiste or visit the historic Auberge Saint Pierre, serving rabbit and coq au vin in a quirky 15th century building.
SHOP: The city of Tours is shopping heaven. From luxury items to art via more indie options, you'll find everything you need. For local food specialities – both sweet and savoury – there is a comprehensive selection at Les Douceurs Tourangelles and La Livre Tournois.
TOP 3 EUROCAMP PARKS NEARBY:
1. Le Chateau des Marais : From the picturesque old manor house location to the lazy river, it's ultimate relaxation here.
2. L'Etang de la Breche : Ideal for those who don't like to spend all their time by the pool, this park has a 9-hole mini golf course, not to mention it's a short drive to Saumur and Chateau.
3. Les Alicourts Resort : Budding footballers will no doubt enjoy the two on-site pitches, while culture vultures can explore the stunning castles nearby.
4. Brittany
A popular choice with the British, it offers rugged headlands, seafood, crepes, cider and fishing villages.
SEE & DO: The Carnac stones are a vast set of 3,000 prehistoric standing stones, some arranged more than 6,000 years ago. Start at the Maison des Mégalithes and book a guided tour in English.
Visit Perros-Guirec with its 40km of marked walking trails. Here you can yomp along the 2km Sentier des Douaniers – from Ploumanac'h Moors to Perros-Guirec – marvelling at 66ft-high pink granite boulders along the way.
DRINK: Sip delicious local Muscadet wine in the Cave Saint Michel in Quimperlé or overlooking the River Laita at La Cale D'Anaurot.
EAT: Enjoy a modern twist on traditional Breton crêpes, with a nod to Japanese cuisine, at Michelin-starred Le Comptoir Breizh Café, St Malo. For fresh seafood and shellfish head to Le Faouët, or sample fabulous moules marinière and crème brûlée at the L'Argoat restaurant.
SHOP: Fancy some sea snails? The farmers at France Haliotis specialise in organic ones, perfectly cooked in salted butter. For the sweet-toothed, the old town of St Malo has a dazzling selection of chocolate shops.
TOP 3 EUROCAMP PARKS NEARBY:
1. Domaine des Ormes : Ideal for the active, this park boasts a high wire adventure park, horse riding and an 18-hole golf course.
2. La Pointe St-Gilles : Unwind with a relaxing treatment at the health spa or take a short coastal walk to the resort of Benodet in this laidback park.
3. Des Menhirs : This park is surrounded by breathtaking views from the Quiberon peninsula to a picturesque port town.
(Image: Getty)
5. Languedoc-Roussillon
A diverse area with warm sandy beaches on the Med. It is the world's single biggest wine-producing region.
SEE & DO: Carcassonne is a wonderful walled city where you can stroll through the fortifications and enjoy a meal in the walls.
Aqualand in Cap D'Agde has waterslides galore, while Narbonne's Natural Park is home to a varied fauna and flora, including many species of birds.
DRINK: Red wines using Carignan, Cinsault and Grenache grapes area a speciality here.
At Canet-en-Roussillon, Le Caraibe and Le Coco Loco are popular spots with locals and tourists alike thanks to their great sea views.
EAT: Can Marcel in Canet-en-Roussillon offers top-class cuisine in smart, minimalist terrace surroundings, while Vigatane Cafe is great for Catalan-themed meals.
The fishing village of Marseillan Plage is perfect for an evening alfresco meal with many seafood restaurants.
SHOP: Canet-en-Roussillon is a fashionista's playground with chic boutiques – and prices to match! Head to Boulevard Cassanyes for French fashion brands, jewellery, accessories and more.
TOP 3 EUROCAMP PARKS NEARBY:
1. La Chapelle : Pick up trinkets in the quirky night market, or rent a bike and take a cycling tour of the beautiful area.
2. Le Soleil : The only park with beach access in Argeles-Sur-Mer, it's also a stone's throw away from plenty of bustling bars and restaurants.
3. La Beach Garden : Tucked away on the edge of a nature reserve, there's everything from a lagoon pool to the nearby Marseillan beach.
6. Vendée
Miles of beach come as standard, but there's more to explore if you can tear yourself away from the coast.
SEE & DO: Le Puy du Fou is a spectacular medieval experience set in the heart of an ancient forest. Stay for the evening show – an open-air performance of Vikings at war involving 850 people.
Set your heart a-flutter at L'île aux Papillons, where thousands of butterflies fly in the tropical halls.
Hit La Route de Sel (the Salt Road) and paddle through Sallertaine's ancient salt marshes by canoe. The evening trip ends with a candlelit dinner.
DRINK: Troussepinette is a powerful spirit made from blackthorn shoots and served as an aperitif. Sip with caution! Enjoy a cocktail or local wine as the sun fades over the Atlantic at Le Comptoir in
Saint-Jean-de-Monts.
EAT: Locals claim the best oysters in the whole of France are served at the Mord'Eau bar in Port du Bec, near Beauvoir-sur-Mer.
Try tournedos rossini, duck, salmon and mushroom pâtes at La Ferme de Melusine eatery in Saint-Hilaire-de-Riez.
SHOP: For food, flowers and bric–a-brac head to the French markets in St Gilles Croix-de-Vie, St Jean-de-Monts and Bretignolles-sur-Mer.
TOP 3 EUROCAMP PARKS NEARBY:
1. Le Clarys Plage : Looking for a day out to keep the kids entertained? Le Clarys Plage is just a 90-minute drive to the fun-filled Puy de Fou theme park.
2. Les Ecureuils : Tennis, gym and a game of boules are just some of the activities on offer for the more active at this park.
3. La Garangeoire : There's a pretty diverse range of activities from archery to scuba diving on offer at this park!
(Image: Getty)
7. Dordogne
Steeped in history and famous for its wide-ranging cuisine, the Dordogne region offers France in all its glory.
SEE & DO: Explore the network of stunning cave systems featuring some of the world's oldest prehistoric paintings, such as the Grotte de Bara-Bahau in Le Bugue and nearby Gouffre de Proumeyssac's Cathedral of Crystal, home to stunning stalactites and stalagmites.
Roque Saint-Christophe near Peyzac-le-Moustier is the largest troglodyte cliff in Europe and was once home to Neanderthal man.
DRINK: The area around Bergerac produces prestigious wines – sample Merlot, Cabernet Sauvignon and Malbec in abundance. The vineyard tour at Chateau Monbazillac is particularly good.
EAT: The region is a foodie paradise, famous for forest truffles, confits of duck and goose and the legendary Rocamadour goat's cheese.
Medieval Sarlat is home to a host of authentic cafes and restaurants; Le Presidial is a French fine dining experience.
SHOP: There are many evening farmers' markets where you can go for some gourmet shopping. The pick is Aubas, which runs throughout July and August.
TOP 3 EUROCAMP PARKS NEARBY:
1. St Avit Loisirs : There's a medieval town just a short drive away, as well as a nearby water park.
2. La Palombiere : Enjoy a spot of wine-tasting or go for a leisurely stroll along some of the picturesque trails nearby.
3. Le Moulin de Paulhiac : There are plenty of attractions nearby by from castles to an aquarium.
8. Gironde/Gastony/Pyr énées
Head for the hills in the Pyrénées, find sun and sea in Gironde and a slower pace of life in Gascony.
SEE & DO: Try your hand at windsurfing or hire a dinghy on Etang de Soustons (Soustons Lake), visit the mountain-top observatory at Pic du Midi to see one of France's most powerful telescopes and amazing views.
DRINK: Enjoy the wine in Saint Emilion – one of the most attractive of the Bordeaux wine villages with countless wine cellars, or share cocktails by the sea at Le Surf in Hourtin.
Local delicacy Floc is a wine liqueur that is fortified with armagnac brandy – perfect before dinner.
EAT: Visit Tantina de la Playa in Bidart for dinner and views. Thon à la basquaise (tuna fillet in a tomato and pepper sauce) is a speciality. Or try Restaurant La Foret in Meschers-sur-Gironde for seafood and patisserie galore.
SHOP: La Cigale in Nerac was the inspiration for the film Chocolat – so take home some luxurious hand-made treats.
TOP 3 EUROCAMP PARKS NEARBY:
1. Sequoia Parc : Explore the beautiful Cognac vineyards or enjoy a fun-filled family day at the on-site water park.
2. Le Vieux Port : Get away from the hustle and bustle of every day life at the relaxing spa, or a cycle through the lusciously green woodland nearby.
3. Airotel Pyrenees : Not only is it right by a National Park, but this Eurocamp is just 800m from the historic town of Luz St Sauveur.
Bike and Bike Part Theft
Jan. 27: A bicycle was reported stolen from the Bannan Labs bike rack.
Jan 27: A bicycle tire was reported stolen from a parked bicycle, at the Bannan Labs bike rack. Found Property
Jan. 29: An umbrella was found and turned in to the CSS office.
Jan. 29: A longboard was found in Benson Center and turned in to CSS office.
Jan. 29: A skateboard was found in the Learning Commons and turned in to the CSS office. Information Report
Jan. 25: A staff member reported she may have accidentally hit another parked vehicle, while attempting to park on the second floor of the Main Parking Structure. CSS documented the incident.
Jan. 25: An unauthorized banner was found displayed near the St. Joseph Hall main entrance. It was taken down.
Jan. 26: A campus resident was seen carrying a “STOP” sign and walking toward the Swig Residence Hall entrance. He claimed to have obtained the sign from a friend at an off-campus location when asked by a CSS Officer.
Jan. 26: The University Villas pedestrian gate was found damaged. A review of video revealed a student kicked the crash bar of the gate.
Jan. 29: Students were reported sleeping in various rooms in Mayer Theatre. The students had left the building upon CSS arrival.
Medical Emergency
Jan. 26: A campus resident suffered a concussion when he fell off a horse while riding at an off-campus location. He was evaluated by SCU EMS on campus and transported to O'Connor Hospital by a private vehicle.
Jan. 29: A student injured his knee while playing frisbee at Bellomy Field. He was evaluated by SCU EMS and transported to O'Connor Hospital by paramedics.
Jan. 30: A campus resident reported having an earache. She was evaluated by SCU EMS. Non-Injury Traffic Accident
Jan. 25: A vehicle was observed backing into another parked vehicle, on the third floor of the Main Parking Structure, while attempting to park. The driver then left without leaving a note on the damaged vehicle. CSS placed a note on both vehicles.
Suspicious Person
Jan. 26: Female students reported being approached by a suspicious non-affiliate male, who made inappropriate comments toward them, making them uncomfortable. He was admonished for trespassing and escorted off campus by a CSS officer.
Jan. 27: A suspicious unknown male was reported making obscene gestures toward a female student at the corner of Loyola Hall. CSS was able to locate him for questioning. He refused to identify himself when asked and left campus without further incident.
From Campus Safety reports. Email news@thesantaclara.org
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An elderly man has been found buried in rubble after a house was 'completely destroyed' in a gas explosion, a horrified witness says.
The pensioner was reportedly found unconscious after the blast rocked the quiet, snowy village of Birstall, Leicestershire, this morning.
He was discovered with severe cuts to his head and a "flight of stairs on top of him" - but was still breathing, witness John Ketteringham claims.
Next door's bedroom was also ripped apart in the explosion, while a woman living opposite saw her own bedroom windows "blow in".
At least two people were injured in the blast, which occurred in Allington Drive at about 7.30am and was heard throughout the area.
Mr Ketteringham, 31, who lives nearby and was one of the first on the scene, described how the pensioner was discovered in the rubble.
He told the Leicester Mercury: “We found one old chap buried in the rubble. He had bad head lacerations, and was unconscious, with a flight of stairs on top of him, but he was still breathing.
“It looks like it was a gas explosion. I was woken up by the bang and pulled my clothes on and ran to do what I could to help."
He added: “There was a young boy who had just delivered the paper to the house that exploded. It was really lucky he wasn't hurt.
“The explosion threw bits of wood into the windows of the houses opposite, and all the cars have smashed windows.”
(Image: Tom Mack/Leicester Mercury)
Margaret Burt, who lives opposite the house that was destroyed, recalled how she was in bed when she heard a "terrific bang".
She told the Mercury: "My bedroom windows blew in.
"It was terrifying. The whole house was gone.
“It's just a pile of rubble and next door lost a bedroom.”
Police, paramedics and firefighters were sent to the scene after reports of the "bang" - which has since been confirmed as a gas explosion.
Officers say the two injured victims are being treated by paramedics. It is not clear whether the elderly man is among the pair, or a third victim.
Sarah Orton, 47, who lives a few doors down from the house, claimed there were two explosions before the roof "lit up red and orange".
She recalled: “I was the only one in the street when it happened.
“I'd just left for work, and was a few doors away.
“There were two explosions. The first sounded like a firework, but it was a massive blast and I felt it push the back of my head.
“I turned around and saw the second explosion. The roof just lit up red and orange and things flew everywhere.
“I'm just in shock. I can't believe what I've seen. There's stuff all over the road. Our doors were blown in, and our windows too.”
The fire service said it had received “multiple calls” about the incident.
Crews at the scene include three from Leicester stations, one from Birstall, a technical rescue team from Leicester and the command support vehicle from Shepshed station.
(Image: Leicester Mercury)
In a statement, Leicestershire Fire and Rescue Service confirmed the semi-detached property had been involved in a gas explosion.
It said the main house had collapsed, while the neighbouring property had partially collapsed. Six other properties have been partially affected.
The service said there was no fire reported and there is no smell of gas at this time. Full evacuation of surrounding homes has been carried out.
Leicestershire Police also issued a statement on the incident.
It said: “Officers are at an address in Allington Drive, Birstall, at 7.33am this morning following reports of a loud bang and house being damaged.
“Police, along with the fire and ambulance service, are at the scene. Investigations in to the cause of the damage are in their very early stages.
“Allington Drive is currently closed and is likely to remain so for a number of hours while inquiries are carried out.
“Two people are injured and are being attended to by paramedics. The nature of their injuries is not known at this time.
“A number of houses in the street have been evacuated as a precaution.”
One young woman, Sarah Carr, said she and her pals heard a loud bang, but initially believed it was snow falling off a building.
The bang was also apparently heard by motorists and pedestrians at least an eight-minute drive away from the scene of the blast.
Some speculated whether the area may have been hit by an earthquake.
However, it was later confirmed it was a gas explosion.
A motorist driving along Abbey Lane described hearing a "sort of dull thud in the distance" that was also noticed by pedestrians.
They said: “I was just passing the road where you turn off to get to the space centre when I heard a bang, a sort of dull thud in the distance.
"My son who was in the passenger seat asked what it was.
"A woman and a young girl crossing at traffic lights in front of us also turned round when they heard it. It was about 7.30am.”
Meanwhile, David Voce, 50, of Worcester Avenue, revealed how he thought his own house was falling down after hearing a bang.
He said: “I jumped out of bed when I heard the bang.
"It was incredibly loud. I thought my house was falling down. There was no fire, just an explosion. There have been loads of ambulances."
And Muriel Robertson, 75, who lives in Allington Drive, recalled: “We just heard an almighty bang. There are quite a few houses damaged.
"I was asleep and I was woken up by the noise.”
Roy Rollings, Charnwood Borough Council councillor for Birstall Wanlip, said: "We are aware of a large explosion at a property in Birstall.
"Our first thoughts are with all those involved. @CharnwoodBC emergency plans are being put into place to help all involved."
Charnwood Borough Council said: "We're aware of the incident in Birstall and supporting the emergency services.
"We will be ensuring residents' welfare is looked after and have officers on the scene, including from our building control team."
The Big Lead's PM Sports Roundup, which has like 45 burners Twitter accounts at this point.
Kendall and Ben?: Kendall Jenner is reportedly dating Ben Simmons, racking up yet another NBA player for the Jenner/Kardashian clan.
cute but she'll rip your face off A post shared by Kendall (@kendalljenner) on May 28, 2018 at 3:15pm PDT
Each team's best MLB draft pick: A look at the best Major League Baseball draft picks for each of the league's 30 teams.
Colangelo Twitter story gets crazier: A look inside the mind of Bryan Colangelo after this ridiculous “burner” Twitter account story. Seriously, how stupid is the guy?
Tweet of the Day:
NFL executives: durr facetweet mybook
NBA executives: I have five burners Twitter accounts — Bill Barnwell (@billbarnwell) May 30, 2018
In Case You Missed It on The Big Lead:
2018 MLB Mock Draft: College Players Fly Off The Board Early
Colin Cowherd Thinks LeBron James May Sit Out if Humiliated in the NBA Finals
Mo Bamba Is a Perfect Fit for Celtics, But What's the Cost To Trade up for Him?
Ranking the 15 Most Important Players in the NBA Finals
Around the Sports Internet:
Chris Paul is already recruiting LeBron James to the Houston Rockets
Breaking down the new-look Los Angeles Rams
Andre Iguodala won't play in Game 1 of the NBA Finals
A fire broke out at Citi Field with the Mets on a road trip
Song of the Day:
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Meghan Markle and Prince Harry - both wearing suits - impressed the crowds at their first official event to honour injured veterans in London tonight.
And the former actress and royal-to-be did not allow the rain to dampen her smile as she walked confidently into Goldsmiths' Hall in the City of London wearing a glamorous black Alexander McQueen suit.
The couple quickly proved popular with the award nominees at a pre-ceremony reception, with Meghan declaring their sporting and adventure challenges as "awesome".
They are attending the annual Endeavour Fund Awards ceremony, where three prizes have been awarded, including the Henry Worsley Award.
The prize is named after the late explorer, who died in January 2016, just 30 miles from completing a solo crossing of the Antarctic.
(Image: WENN.com)
(Image: AFP)
(Image: PA)
Prince Harry and Meghan Markle: Live updates as couple honour injured war heroes
Since they announced their engagement at the end of November, the couple, who will marry at Windsor Castle on May 19, have embarked on a number of royal engagements designed to introduce Los Angeles-born Ms Markle to royal life.
Taking in London, Nottingham and Cardiff, Ms Markle has won over the crowds with her easy charm and innate sense of style, but has been offered little chance for true Hollywood glamour.
Tonight's event at the historic Goldsmiths' Hall in the City of London - the first evening engagement they have attended together - rectified that.
(Image: PA)
(Image: AFP)
(Image: AFP)
(Image: AFP)
Royal fiancée Meghan turned on the glamour tonight at her first awards ceremony with husband-to-be Prince Harry.
The 36-year-old actress dazzled in a Alexander McQueen trousers suit and Tuxe shirt.
The Endeavour Fund is supported by The Royal Foundation of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and Prince Harry – which Ms Markle will add her name to after her marriage.
It encourages the ambitions of men and women to use challenges such as scuba diving, mountain climbing and dog sledging to help with their physical, psychological and social recovery and rehabilitation.
On the steps of Goldsmiths Hall they were greeted by General Sir Nick Carter, Chief of the General Staff, Lorraine Heggessey, from the Royal Foundation, and David Wiseman, Head of Armed Forces for the Royal Foundation.
At a pre-ceremony reception Meghan and Harry met the inspiring nominees, as well as other Endeavour participants and key supporters of the fund.
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: GC Images)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Ms Markle told one, Cornelia Oosthuizen, an army officer whose involvement in competitive sport was curtailed by illness but has since gone on to compete at Harry's Invictus Games: “Wow, that's amazing."
The couple also chatted at length with Joanna Worsley , widow of Henry Worsley, who tragically lost his life in January 2016 whilst
attempting to cross the Antarctic landmass, solo and unsupported.
Henry, a career soldier and an experienced polar adventurer, undertook his incredible expedition in order to raise money for the Endeavour Fund and was just 30 miles from the finish when he lost his life.
The couple's son, Max, said his mother had met Harry and his bride-to-be a few weeks ago when they met to decide the winner of an award in his name and memory.
(Image: AFP)
(Image: Splash News)
He said: “Mum liked her very much and said she had said how delighted she was to be involved with tonight's event.
“Prince Harry has been incredibly supportive since my father passed away.
“I know he would be delighted to see what he has inspired and hopefully, thorough this award, will go on to inspire.”
After the pre-ceremony the couple will attend the awards ceremony, where, unusually, Ms Markle will be presenting awards in her own right.
(Image: AFP)
The Recognising Achievement Award - awarded to the individual who has best utilised their endeavour to promote and catalyse their recovery was won by Ben Lee.
The Celebrating Excellence Award - awarded to the individual who has endeavoured to achieve excellence in their chosen sport or adventure challenge was won by Daniel Claricoats.
The Henry Worsley Award - awarded to the individual who has best inspired others through the demonstration of determination in the face of adversity, whilst endeavouring to support others with their recovery through sport or adventure challenge was won by Sean Gane.
The Henry Worsley Award is named after the late Henry Worsley, who tragically lost his life in January 2016 whilst attempting to cross the Antarctic landmass, solo and unsupported.
Henry, a career soldier and an experienced polar adventurer, undertook this incredible expedition in order to raise money for the Endeavour Fund and was just 30 miles from the finish when he lost his life.
The Awards were presented by the seasoned adventurer, explorer and Parachute Regiment veteran, Levison Wood, who was yesterday announced as The Endeavour Fund's first ambassador.
(Image: Getty Images Europe)
The fund is a project led by The Royal Foundation of The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and Prince Harry, which aims to help servicemen and women through physical challenges.
More than two thousand injured or sick veterans have been helped by the Fund since its launch in 2012.
Meghan Markle will become a patron of the Royal Foundation after her marriage to Prince Harry on May 19.
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday said the GST has become "even simpler" after GST Council's recommendations and that it is in line with the government's constant endeavour to safeguard citizens' interests and ensure India's economy grows.
He congratulated Finance Minister Arun Jaitley and his team for engaging with various stakeholders for "extensive feedback which led to today's recommendations".
Modi tweeted:
I congratulate FM @arunjaitley & his team for engaging with various stakeholders for extensive feedback which led to today's recommendations — Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) October 6, 2017
Modi's comments in a series of tweets came after the GST Council made sweeping changes to GST to give relief to small and medium businesses on filing and payment of taxes, eased rules for exporters and cut tax rates on more than two dozen items.
The changes were made three months after rollout of the new indirect tax regime.
"Good and Simple Tax (GST) becomes even simpler. Today's recommendations will immensely help small and medium business," the prime minister said in a tweet.
Good and Simple Tax (GST) becomes even simpler. Today's recommendations will immensely help small and medium business. — Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) October 6, 2017
"GST is in line with our constant endeavour to ensure interests of our citizens are safeguarded & India's economy grows," he added.
Composition scheme has been made more attractive & other facilitation measures will make the GST even more people-friendly & effective. — Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) October 6, 2017
He said the composition scheme has been made more attractive and other facilitation measures will make the GST even more people-friendly and effective.
With PTI Inputs
BLOOMFIELD, Conn. (WTNH) – Bloomfield police are currently asking the public to help them locate a missing armed man.
Officers are searching for 34-year-old Joel Martinez. On Tuesday, the Bloomfield Police Department was notified by a clinician that Martinez had contacted her, stating that he had been involved in a disturbance, and was suicidal.
Police describe Martinez as a Hispanic male, approximately 5'7″ and weighing 170 lbs. Martinez has a large scar on his upper left arm, and tattoos on both of his forearms that include symbols, and a large animal.
Bloomfield officers were able to reach Martinez on his cell phone, and he informed Bloomfield Police that he was armed with a gun and would force a “suicide by cop” if he came into contact with the police. Martinez currently
has an arrest warrant out against him stemming from a domestic violence incident in West Hartford for Assault, Criminal Mischief and Engaging Officers in a Pursuit.
Martinez was seen operating a 2013 white Subaru Legacy with Connecticut license plate AG49105. This is still an ongoing investigation. The Bloomfield Police Department asks that anyone having any information regarding the whereabouts of Joel Martinez call 860-242-5501 or 911.They also advise to not approach Martinez as he is possibly armed and a danger to himself and others.
ISTANBUL (AP) — Istanbul's police chief says an Islamic State militant who stabbed a police officer to death while in custody was an “internationally wanted terrorist.”
Mustafa Caliskan said Monday the man — who was shot and killed by other officers after the attack — was planning a major assault, which his detention allegedly thwarted. Caliskan was speaking at a memorial for the 24-year-old slain officer.
The suspected IS suicide bomber was detained in an anti-terror operation and was being taken to Istanbul's main police station when he fatally stabbed the officer late on Sunday.
It was unclear how the suspect had access to a knife. There was no word on his identity or nationality.
Turkey has endured multiple bomb attacks since 2015, blamed on IS or Kurdish militants.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Arsenal FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Arsenal will be hoping for a favourable tie when the draw for the last 32 of the Europa League take place on Monday.
The Gunners finished top of Group H and finished in style with a 6-0 thrashing of Bate Borisov on Thursday evening.
They are the flying the flag for England after Everton were dumped out following a dismal campaign.
However, Celtic enter the fray as the Champions League dropouts join the fray for the draw in Nyon.
When is the draw?
The draw takes place on Monday, December 11. The process is due to get underway at midday UK time.
(Image: Matthew Lewis)
Who is a Arsenal can face
Four of the eight third-placed Champions League finishers will be seeded for the last-32 draw which takes place on Monday and these seeds will face either a Europa League group runner-up or unseeded Champions League dropout.
As a Europa League group stage winner, Arsenal know they will not face one of these seeded sides, so will avoid Atletico Madrid, CSKA Moscow, RB Leipzig and Sporting Lisbon.
However, they could face Borussia Dortmund, Celtic, Napoli or Spartak Moscow, who join from the Europa League's big brother.
With the Europa League group stage now concluded we know exactly who the Gunners could be drawn against the UEFA suits dish out the balls in Nyon on Monday lunchtime.
(Image: REUTERS)
Arsenal's potential last-32 opponents
AEK Athens
Borussia Dortmund
(Image: Reuters)
Celtic
FC Astana
FC Copenhagen
Steaua Bucuresti
Ludogorets
Razgrad
Lyon
Marseille
Napoli
(Image: Rex/Shutterstock)
Nice
Ostersunds
Partizan Belgrade
Real Sociedad
Spartak Moscow
The last-32 matches will take place on February 15 and February 22.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
An animal shelter is searching for the person who abandoned a cat outside their northwest Indiana facility on Wednesday.This 15-pound cat was found crammed into an undersized carrier in 80-degree temperatures outside the Porter County Animal Shelter in Valparaiso.Shelter officials say he was overheated and could have suffocated, but is doing better.It is against the law to abandon animals outside of a shelter.
Sahara had asked the court to postpone the auction, which was scheduled to start with publication of a notice on 14 August, till 16 September to enable group chief Subrata Roy to arrange the money. Photo: AFP
Mumbai: A Supreme Court-ordered auction process began on Monday for Aamby Valley resort town of embattled Sahara group at a reserve price of nearly Rs37,000 crore.
The official liquidator of the Bombay high court published an auction notice on Monday inviting prospective bidders for the integrated hill city township near Lonavala, located between Mumbai and Pune.
A Mauritius-based investor, Royale Partners Investment Fund, last week said it has offered to invest $1.67 billion (over Rs10,700 crore) in the Sahara group's Aamby Valley project. Sahara group pegs the market valuation of this project at over Rs1 lakh crore.
Replying to emailed queries about its proposed deal with the Sahara group, RPMG Investment told PTI, “As deposed by the Sahara before the Supreme Court of India, Royale Partners Investment Fund Ltd and its Limited Partners have agreed to invest $1.67 billion in the Aamby Valley Project”.
Sahara's advocate Gautam Awasthi had said in a statement that the group had moved an application before the Supreme Court seeking permission for entering into an agreement with Victor Koenig UK Ltd, with the nominee Royale Partners Investment Fund Limited, for inviting an investment of $1.67 billion into its Aamby Valley project.
“....Sahara's had also prayed for stopping the auction process. After hearing counsels for Sebi (Securities and Exchange Board of India), amicus curie and Kapil Sibal, senior advocate for the Sahara, the Supreme Court has opened a window for the Sahara by permitting them to enter into the negotiations and deposit the amount before this court, and that is Rs1,500 crore to be deposited before the next date,” he said.
Awasthi had said that it was said by the judge that if Rs1,500 crore is deposited, then auction order will be withdrawn. The Supreme Court on Thursday said the auction process will go on according to the schedule, but if Rs1,500 crore is paid, as proposed by the group, into the Sebi-Sahara refund account by 7 September, then it may pass an appropriate order.
The group had asked the court to postpone the auction, which was scheduled to start with publication of a notice on 14 August, till 16 September to enable Sahara group chief Subrata Roy arrange the money. Sahara lawyer told the court that hotels in New York have been sold and soon money would be coming into the Sahara account after which Rs1,500 crore would be deposited into the Sebi-Sahara refund account by 7 September, as had been directed by the court.
Sahara has been engaged in a long-running battle with the capital market regulator Sebi (Securities and Exchange Board of India). The apex court had on 25 July asked the embattled Sahara chief to deposit Rs1,500 crore in the Sebi-Sahara account by 7 September and said that it might then deliberate upon his plea seeking 18 months more time for making complete repayment.
By The Associated Press
tx <
$vscores2 <
SOUTH
Chattanooga 64, Charlotte 50<
Coll. of Charleston 92, North Greenville 60<
Cumberlands 92, Voorhees 23<
ETSU 94, Hiwassee 48<
FAU 108, Webber 46<
Florida St. 72, Tulane 53<
High Point 110, Toccoa Falls 39<
Piedmont 71, Berea 60<
Richmond 74, James Madison 71<
MORE
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Hathersage Players next production is a show which was voted the best comedy of the year in 2016.
Nell Gwynn comprises a cast of 20 and a dog, merry dances and naughty songs accompanied by a band.
The production runs at Hathersage Memorial Hall from October 11 to 14.
Penned by Jessica Swale, the script contains strong language.
For tickets, call 01433 764064 or visit www.ticketsource.co.uk/hathersage players
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Simon Cowell was left horrified this evening as David Walliams almost took it too far once again on Britain's Got Talent this evening.
Both of the judges enjoyed act Mr Uekusa, whose act involved stripping by using various off methods.
At one point, he oddly placed hula hoops on his nipples and a cloth pulled off his privates by a remote control helicopter.
While the act received a buzzer from Amanda Holden, he was praised by Simon and David who thought he was hysterical.
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
(Image: ITV)
Simon began by saying: "You are the best person for getting your kit off... it's your imagination, a flying car take your thing off."
He added: "I think this is so much more funny than a comedian trying to be funnny... it's so funny i found it utterly hysterical."
Meanwhile David wryly added: "Hysterical but highly erotic..."
(Image: ITV)
Simon gave him a look by David didn't stop. "I almost wasn't able to stand up," he quipped.
Once again, Simon looked horrified at David's sexually suggestive remarks - while viewers also couldn't believe it.
One tweeted: "Simon's face when David said he might not have been able to stand up because he found it erotic, was the best thing about this! I can't believe I was watching a man play with his nipple so he could put a hula hoop on it #BGT."
Another commented: "The single best moment of that act for me was David's joke and Amanda's reaction to it David really is taking it too far this series with the comment about Amanda and Simon sleeping together on #BGMT and now this wouldn't surprise me if this was his last year #BGT."
A third remarked: " Simon's face at David's comment - PRICELESS. Someone's in trouble #BGT."
*Britain's Got Talent returns tomorrow at 7.30pm
A woman says she likes GHOSTS better than men??!!
There's a woman in England who says she's had relations with 20 GHOSTS, and she likes them better than men! She even split up with her husband so she could just be with ghosts.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A furious mother says her teenage daughter was unfairly punished by her school after teachers claimed her skirt was "too short".
Schoolgirl Courtney Meredith, 16, missed important lessons for her GCSEs after being put in isolation and twice given a detention over her uniform.
Pupils' skirts must be no higher than 5cm above the knee, but her mother, Kirsty Owen, doesn't think she should be missing any lessons.
Ms Owen, 33, has claimed there are "plenty of other" girls at the school who have gone unpunished for having skirts shorter than her daughter's.
(Photo: Solent News)
The row led to Courtney's mother and grandmother protesting outside Portslade Aldridge Community Academy (PACA) in Brighton, East Sussex.
But when Courtney returned to school she was given detention again.
Ms Owen, 33, claims teachers at aren't dealing with the situation in the correct way.
She also feels she is in a 'battle' with the secondary school and sixth form, adding her daughter is missing out on vital lessons during her GCSEs 'because of a skirt'.
(Photo: Solent News)
Ms Owen, of Brighton, said: "My daughter's school rules state that the skirt she wears must be five centimetres above the knee.
"There are plenty of other children at the school walking around with their skirts up higher than my daughter wears hers.
"The school put her in isolation on a regular basis.
"It appears that it has just been a battle with the school and at such an important time for my daughter, during her GCSEs.
"I don't agree that she should be missing this many lessons because of a skirt."
She added: "My daughter should just be able to focus on her work at such a vital stage in her education and I truly feel that teachers at the school aren't dealing with my daughter as well as other pupils I have spoken to, in the correct way."
(Photo: Solent News)
Ms Owen, a full-time mother, also said she has informed PACA - which has around 900 pupils aged 11 to 18 - that none of her younger children will sign up to attend the school.
Police officers attended the school when Ms Owen and Courtney's grandmother protested with placards and chanted, but said no crimes were committed by them.
Katie Scott, principal at PACA, said: "It isn't our policy to discuss any matter concerning an individual student in public.
"PACA is an inclusive, community school and all staff work hard to support all students in achieving their academic potential.
"Like any school occasionally a student makes poor choices and it is necessary to impose sanctions, which may range from detention to external exclusion if these continue.
"Throughout any process relating to a student's behaviour, we have extensive discussions with parents and provide them with information on how they make a formal complaint if they feel that the matter has not been dealt with fairly."
The principal said that no formal complaint has ever been made by the adults involved.
In the school's recent Ofsted report, inspectors wrote "Pupils feel safe, are happy and make good progress".
So long, Shamu.
For more than a decade I've been signing the name of the world's most famous killer whale on credit card receipts and signature pads. When I'm not in a hurry, I add a crude drawing with jagged teeth and a spray of water coming out of Shamu's blowhole.
And not once, not in literally thousands of transactions, has a store employee or server compared that scrawl to the signature on the back of my card, asked to see another form of ID to reconcile the discrepancy between my name and the name nearly synonymous with SeaWorld parks or even twinkled in silent recognition that I was making a funny.
But now - this month, in fact - major credit card companies are formally eliminating the signature requirement for point-of-purchase transactions.
In doing so, they're finally acknowledging the point the Shamu stunt was meant to highlight, that signing credit card slips is an outmoded, time-wasting ritual.
I began using Shamu in tribute to prankster John Hargrave, who, according to legend, in 2004 signed that name and added a drawing of a whale on a charge slip at the New England Aquarium.
It was part of his quest to see just how far he could go before a cashier stopped him. He signed with musical notes. He signed with stick figures and hieroglyphics. He wrote “my butt” on the signature line, “Please Check ID” and “I stole this card.”
No response. Just “thanks and have a nice day.”
Sign up for The Point Go inside New York politics. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
He claimed that his quest ended when a Circuit City employee called his bluff as he attempted to buy $16,000 worth of electronics equipment using the block-letter signature “NOT AUTHORIZED.”
So the meaningless writing was already on the wall.
Then came the boom in online shopping, where signatures aren't used; chip cards that provide additional levels of protection against fraud; and thumbprint verification in some pay-via-smartphone apps. Many stores stopped asking for signatures on smaller purchases.
Checks became passe. Selfies with celebrities supplanted autographs as the evidence of choice for a close encounter with fame.
Last October, Mastercard announced that in April it would end the signature requirement. Discover and American Express made a similar announcement in December, and Visa made it unanimous in January.
Though the phaseout will have different geographical boundaries for each company, the thrust of AmEx's announcement was typical. The company promised “a more consistent and simplified checkout experience for merchants and (customers, which will) speed up the process of paying in stores and help reduce merchants' operating expenses.” An executive quoted in the news release referred to the signature moment as a “pain point” in retail transactions and noted that “signatures are no longer necessary to fight fraud.”
Lucky us.
But poor old John Hancock.
When and where will we sign our names anymore? On political petitions and at polling places. Or legal documents (note that the lawyer for adult film star Stormy Daniels has been arguing that her nondisclosure agreement with President Donald Trump is invalid because he failed to sign it). Or on written communication that's committed to actual paper - “letters,” I believe they're called.
Some merchants will continue asking you to sign for credit purchases into May and beyond - old equipment, old habits - but it won't be long before signature lines will be as rare as those little ker-chunk! machines that ran your credit card over inked paper.
Those are so rare by now that some issuers have stopped embossing raised account numbers on cards. The magnetic strip and then the chip have rendered obsolete the raised numbers, which often wore down with use to semi-legibility. This is allowing fashion-forward card companies to put all the relevant numbers together on the back and use the front for fancier designs.
Killer whales, anyone?
The original Shamu died in 1971, but the SeaWorld chain of aquatic parks trademarked her name and used it on a succession of orcas that starred in Shamu shows. That all began to change when a whale killed a trainer during a 2010 “Dine with Shamu” show at the Orlando SeaWorld, and the 2013 documentary “Blackfish” highlighted that tragedy and turned the public against the use of such creatures for entertainment.
The parks have ended their captive breeding programs and shifted the focus toward education - the shows are now called “One Ocean” and “Orca Encounter.” The long goodbye has begun, though a SeaWorld spokesman says the Shamu brand will continue to be “extremely present” for years to come.
But my Shamu, victorious in the end, is going into retirement. Unchallenged. Unacknowledged. And now unnecessary.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Have you ever told off your partner for forgetting to give you a card on Valentine's Day?
Well, they might have done you a favour. Just be thankful they didn't choose to celebrate their love for you with one of these rather sinister vintage cards.
Apparently our ancestors declared their feelings with cutesy animals and creepy-looking children - as well as a load of really bad puns and slightly disturbing messages.
Enjoy these vintage cards and this year don't complain when you get that box of Milk Tray...
What's the worst Valentine's Day card or present you've ever received? Tell us about it via the form at the bottom of this article
(Image: Flickr/VintageHalloweenCollector)
1. This boy who thinks nothing says romance like cannibalism
2. This 'pretty little tot' who's reaching for her pepper spray
(Image: Flickr/VintageHalloweenCollector)
3. This lad who loves a good sausage pun
(Image: Flickr/VintageHalloweenCollector)
4. This lady who doesn't just want her puppy pleased
(Image: Flickr/VintageHalloweenCollector)
4. This.
5. This dreamer that's the stuff of nightmares
(Image: Flickr/VintageHalloweenCollector)
6. This card with a hint of 50 Shades about it
(Image: Flickr/VintageHalloweenCollector)
7. This peeping Tom
(Image: Flickr/VintageHalloweenCollector)
8. This incredibly sinister situation
(Image: Flickr/VintageHalloweenCollector)
9. This is weird poem
(Image: Flickr/VintageHalloweenCollector)
10. This HR issue
(Image: Flickr/VintageHalloweenCollector)
11. This poor cat being strangled by a crazy cat lady
(Image: Flickr/VintageHalloweenCollector)
12. This invitation that seems totally legit...
(Image: Flickr/VintageHalloweenCollector)
13. This girl who's dodged prison and knows it
(Image: Flickr/VintageHalloweenCollector)
14. This budding equestrian
(Image: Flickr/VintageHalloweenCollector)
15. This rabbit who sums up our feelings
16. This random camel
(Image: Flickr/VintageHalloweenCollector)
17. This feminist and her flirty feline
18. This dog who ended up being dinner
(Image: Flickr/VintageHalloweenCollector)
19. This girl who's up to no good
(Image: Flickr/VintageHalloweenCollector)
20. This clown who isn't making anybody chuckle
(Image: Flickr/VintageHalloweenCollector)
20. These gardeners
(Image: Flickr/VintageHalloweenCollector)
21. This pun that makes no sense
(Image: Flickr/VintageHalloweenCollector)
22. This woman who doesn't know where to look
(Image: Flickr/VintageHalloweenCollector)
23. This terrifying sailor bear
(Image: Flickr/RoadsidePictures)
24. This girl who uses hypnosis to get a date
(Image: Flickr/VintageHalloweenCollector)
25. This sailor who knows your secrets
(Image: Flickr/VintageHalloweenCollector)
26. This girl who's about to be eaten
(Image: Flickr/VintageHalloweenCollector)
27. This card that does nothing to break stereotypes
(Image: Flickr/VintageHalloweenCollector)
28. This girl who knows her own mind
(Image: Flickr/VintageHalloweenCollector)
29. This winker who's on the prowl
(Image: Flickr/VintageHalloweenCollector)
30. This fiddler
(Image: Flickr/VintageHalloweenCollector)
31. This sinister heart-art
(Image: Flickr/VintageHeartCollector)
32. This girl looking guilty about what she's put in that pot
(Image: Flickr/VintageHalloweenCollector)
33. This girl and her crafts
(Image: Flickr/VintageHalloweenCollector)
34. This pair fight, fight, fighting for this love
(Image: Flickr/VintageHalloweenCollector)
35. And finally, because lightbulbs are so sexy...
(Image: Flickr/VintageHalloweenCollector)
*You can see more vintage Valentine's cards on this Flickr photostream.
"We started planning on this, trying to take a trip, my first year," Aggies head coach Tim Duryea said during the recent Aggies in the Outfield event at Smith's Ballpark. "We had a trip last summer to China contracted, then the people in China backed out and so we didn't get to go. We would've been last summer in China. When that fell through, we went to work on trying to figure out another place to go."
Newcomers Brock Miller, Dwayne Brown and DeAngelo Isby have already reported to campus. Miller, a 6-foot-5 wing, served a mission after he graduated from Brighton High School. Brown, a 6-foot-7 forward, and Isby, a 6-foot-5 guard, signed out of junior college. Duryea plans to deploy Brown, who can play on the wing, as a stretch four.
Aside from the three seniors, the only player not returning to the program is backup center Ngor Barnaba. Barnaba received a release from his scholarship in March. The Aggies will embark on their foreign trip with nine players who are either freshmen or sophomores.
"When you're a young team, which we are again this year, I just think its invaluable to kind of get a head start," Duryea said.
The team has been working out under the direction of new strength coach David Land, who came over from Murray State, including 6 a.m. running sessions on Merlin Olsen Field.
Pro potential
Recent graduate Jalen Moore, an all-conference and all-district honoree as a senior, has been working out for NBA teams this spring following his participation in the Portsmouth Invitational pre-draft camp.
Moore, a North Logan resident and Sky View High School graduate, finished his USU career ranked ninth in scoring (1,645 points), tied for 15th in rebounds (654), seventh in blocks (69) and eighth in 3-pointer made (172). He has several workouts lined up for this week including visits with the Philadelphia 76ers, Boston Celtics and Chicago Bulls.
Moore's classmate Shane Rector has hired an agent with plans to pursue a professional career overseas according to Duryea.
Easy come, easy go
Former Aggies center Carson Shanks announced on social media in March that he'd be returning to the program as a fifth-year senior after graduating from the University of North Dakota. Last month, he announced he'd instead transfer to Loyola University in Chicago.
Duryea confirmed that Shanks, who left the program during the 2013-14 season after one semester, would've re-joined the program as a walk-on because the Aggies had no available scholarships.
Shanks' abrupt change of mind resulted from a scholarship offer from Loyola, which is closer to his home state of Minnesota.
lworthy@sltrib.com
Twitter: @LWorthySports
Red Sox right fielder Mookie Betts had an error that looked like it was pulled from a blooper reel earlier in the sixth when he caught a fly ball by Bregman then simply lost the ball as he tried to throw it back in. Betts looked confused as the ball dribbled away from him and he was charged with an error, allowing a run to score.
IT was supposed to have dissipated into a low pressure area by the time it passed over Cebu but Crising nevertheless still caused enormous damage to lives and property in the province. In Carmen and Danao alone, nine people were reported to have died in the flash floods generated by sustained heavy rainfall in the evening of Black Saturday.
Why, that's the same number of people killed during the skirmish between soldiers and the Abu Sayyaf in Inabanga, Bohol last week! And yet while we were terrorized by rumors that proved to be unfounded, that the Moro terrorist group was planning to commit mayhem in Cebu, only very few seemed to have prepared for the coming of the weakened Crising.
I spent much of the Holy Week in my brother-in-law's beach house in Boljoon and for most of the three nights slept fitfully, my ears constantly on the alert for the sound of an approaching motorboat. And yet, I hardly noticed when the rain poured heavily in the early hours of Easter Sunday. In fact, I did not know that it was that heavy until someone told me.
A total of 400,000 barrels of liquid fell from the heavens during that period, SunStar Cebu, citing Pagasa's figures, reported yesterday. They eventually found their way into the sea but not before turning certain sections in the cities of Cebu and Mandaue into swamps and otherwise harmless little rivers in Carmen and Danao into killer torrents.
Interestingly, I saw only very little trace of the reported 400,000 barrels on my way home. We left early Sunday morning, having learned our lesson from the past many years when we got stuck in traffic for hours in Minglanilla. There were no swollen rivers nor pools of water along the highway. Could it have been because the drainage system is better in Natalio Bacalso Ave.?
It wasn't that way before, particularly in the section that connects Minglanilla and the city of Naga, which acquired the look of a row of newly-irrigated rice fields every time it rained. People complained and cursed during those times, the vilest ones directed at then Cebu 1st District Rep. Eduardo Gullas.
It did not matter to them that at that time work was ongoing for the construction of a wider highway. I wonder how many times Eddiegul bit his tongue from all the backbiting that he was getting then.
Today, the once muddy and decrepit road has become a highway worthy of the name, thanks to Eddiegul. He could have done better by widening the rest of the highway that traverses through his district. In fact, he had already secured funding for the project which, however, had to be shelved because of the opposition of some environmentalists who did not want the trees that lined the narrow road to be cut.
I had a smooth ride coming home through Eddiegul's highway. No attempt to dishonor the memory of Natalio Bacalso, who was a great man here, but if only the law does not forbid it, I would have proposed that the length of the highway from Minglanilla to Sibonga be named in the Talisay city mayor's honor. Fair is fair.
WASHINGTON — Sunday's quiet, comfortable weather was certainly welcomed by most.
It was all courtesy of a ridge of high pressure that is now heading out to sea, and just like that, humidity started climbing back Sunday night on southeasterly winds and the humidity will keep climbing, making for a real tropical feel to the air in the coming days.
Temperatures at first won't be too hot, but that may change by the weekend. Along with the increased humidity, there will be chances for thunderstorms.
Clouds and thunderstorms will likely block enough sun that temperatures stay close to seasonable averages, especially the first half of the week.
After Wednesday, however, more of a straight southerly or southwesterly flow will potentially get us back into the low 90s, and the humidity will make it apparently even hotter.
The mention of hot weather for the end of the week is a bit of a change from previous thinking as it is just now starting to show up in the longer range computer models.
The large scale pattern is somewhat complex, complicating some of the computer models. There is therefore a lot of uncertainty after Wednesday and the specifics in the actual forecast will be evolving during the week.
Either way, it is not anticipated that any weather this week will be cooler than our averages which are in the mid 80s.
These snapshots from the RPM computer model show the dew points climbing on Monday through Tuesday, followed by a potential break in the humidity temporarily Tuesday night into Wednesday. Remember, the higher the dew point, the higher the amount of moisture in the air. When dew points start getting into the 70s, it starts to feel uncomfortable to most. (Data: The Weather Company. Graphics: Storm Team 4).
Daily weather highlights:
MONDAY:
Mostly cloudy, warm and muggy
Scattered thunderstorms developing near the mountains and near the Bay
TUESDAY:
Mostly cloudy with scattered showers and thunderstorms through midday
Warm and very muggy
Humidity dropping a bit late in the day
WEDNESDAY:
Partly sunny and hazy
Very warm and with increasing humidity
Getting close to 90 again
THURSDAY and FRIDAY:
Partly sunny
Hazy, hot, and humid
Isolated late-day thunderstorms
Highs in the low 90s possible with Heat Index in upper 90s
Editor's Note: The WTOP Workweek Weather Blog is intended as an in-depth yet plain language summary of the business week's weather potential in the D.C. area along with an explanation of the contingencies and uncertainties that exist at the time of publication. For the latest actual Storm Team 4 forecast, check out the link on the main WTOP Weather Page.
Like WTOP on Facebook and follow @WTOP on Twitter to engage in conversation about this article and others.
© 2017 WTOP. All Rights Reserved.
© CC BY 2.0 / .christoph.G. / whale
Notorious hacker group Anonymous has targeted several Norwegian institutions to protest against the Nordic country's whaling industry.Norway is currently one of the few nations in the world that still conducts commercial whale hunts, alongside Iceland, Japan and the Faroe Islands. All of these countries come under regular attack from Anonymous hackers in the #OpWhales campaign, the Norwegian Aftenposten daily reported.As a result of whaling, there are several groups who see Norway as a target," Lone Charlotte Pettersen of the National Criminal Investigation Service (Kripos) told Aftenposten.Unlike traditional anti-whaling activists like Sea Shepherd that engage in seasonal activities like sabotage against whaling boats attempting to interrupt the hunt, the so-called "hacktivists" attack Norway year-round. Anonymous' most frequent targets include banks, authorities, media, tourist and academic institutions.The Norwegian Fisheries Ministry is one of the foremost targets. Earlier this year, it was subjected to a targeted attack in the Netherlands, which rendered its website inaccessible. Since then, specific measures were introduced to prevent this."They want to get at Norway. Therefore, it may be a sheer coincidence who is affected. As long as they can inflict harm, they are satisfied," Pettersen said, suggesting that Anonymous also encourages other people into procuring malware and using it against Norway. "We would like to have better control in this case. It is generally a challenge for Kripos and the police," Pettersen continued.In 2016, the extent of hacker activity in Norway was measured as "low." However, the National Security Authority (NSM) has seen an increasing trend in the past several years.Although whaling is a controversial practice internationally, it enjoys broad political support in Norway, which lodged a formal objection to the international whaling moratorium introduced in 1986. In 2017, the Norwegian Fisheries Ministry increased the Norwegian catch quota for the common minke whale to 999. For the sake of comparison, Iceland's quota for 2016 to 2018 is 224 whales, while Japan's whaling quota is 333 whales a year. Previously, Fisheries Minister Per Sandberg stated that he wanted to double the whaling quotas.Anonymous, a hacking network with worldwide reach, fights cyber surveillance and what it considers abuse of power through attacks against websites, as well as demonstrations and campaigns.Two years ago, five government-owned sites in Iceland (including those of the Environment, the Foreign and the Interior Ministry and the Prime Minister's Office) were taken down as part of an anti-whaling campaign, becoming inaccessible to users.
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
One of her first hits, Hot N Cold, was about a relationship that was an on/off affair.
And it seems that life may be imitating art when it comes to Katy Perry's personal life, as she was spotted looking very cosy with her ex, Orlando Bloom, over the weekend.
Heading to Ed Sheeran's gig at Los Angeles' famous Staples Centre on Saturday night, the 32-year-old Roar singer and the movie star, 40, looked seriously close in snaps taken by a fan.
(Image: WireImage)
Appearing to want to fly well under the radar, the former flames both wore caps pulled low over their faces - though that wasn't enough to completely render them unrecognisable.
Snapped putting on a very cosy display - with Orlando wrapping his arms around Katy - by one eagle-eyed fan, the two stars certainly seemed to be enjoying their evening out.
Dressing in similar ensembles, it certainly looked as though they'd coordinated their 'incognito' outfits - though Katy still couldn't quite mask her bold peroxide locks.
(Image: Splash News)
A fan at the gig described how the two stars appeared to be reigniting their love affair, telling E! News : "They definitely seemed like they're back together. They cuddled most of the night."
The gig-goer added: "She sat on his lap most of the night and shared kisses. They looked like they were having the time of their lives.
"People didn't really bug her. I don't really think people knew it was them because they had hats on and stuff."
(Image: Getty)
(Image: Getty Images North America)
Mirror Online have contacted representatives of Orlando and Katy for comment.
The couple first set tongues wagging in 2016 at the Golden Globes, when they appeared very close.
Following this they went public in February las year, and became one of the biggest power couples in Hollywood - which included some very memorable moments, including THAT paddleboard date.
Gamecock athletes dressed to impress for sports gala
The 2017 Gamecock Gala was held at Colonial Life Arena Monday for the student-athletes. It was a night for the athletes to dress up and enter the arena to cameras flashing and video rolling. The event honored the University's student-athletes for their accomplishments during the 2016-17 campaign.
GALLIPOLIS — Memorial Day park visitors have once again come and gone, but Gallipolis City Park — and the rest of the city — still await a variety of events to punctuate the summer season.
The longstanding tradition of Christian music ringing through City Park called “Gospel in the Park” can be heard most Fridays throughout the summer. The event has long been free and open to the public.
The Ohio Chautauqua will be returning to Gallipolis City Park between June 12 and 16 to feature scholars in costume and character, while engaging the crowd in what has commonly been referred to as “living history.”
Hot Summer Nights also returns to the French Art Colony with opening act HURL and FRIENDS, June 7. Following, Devin Henry will take the stage, June 14, New Jasper Station, June 21, Cee Cee Miller, June 28, Deep Creatures July 5, Paul Doefinger, July 12, Brent Patterson, July 19, Same Stephens, July 26, Ben Davis Jr., Aug. 9, Stringbenders, Aug. 16, Micah Kesselring, Aug. 23, and Paul Doefinger, Aug. 30. The events open at 6 p.m. and music beginning at 6:30 p.m. Admittance is $5 a person.
River Recreation Festival returns to celebrate America's birthday on the third and fourth of July. Pageants, music and food have long been associated with the event.
The Hoop Project returns to City Park July 21 and 22 as the premier 3-on-3 basketball tournament of the region with slots available for all ages to compete. More information can be found at thehoopproject.com.
The Old Car Show returns to City Park Aug. 11 and the City Park Yard Sale makes its appearance Aug 18. For more information about the yard sale, contact the Gallipolis Municipal Building.
The Harvest Moon Pow Wow and its traditional drum circles return Sept. 1-3 and the Gallia County BBQ Festival lights up Sept. 8. Vinton Baptist Church's Rock the Block will be held Sept. 29.
Dean Wright can be reached at 740-446-2342, ext. 2103.
The Hoop Project, alongside the River Recreation Festival, has served as one of the largest events in Gallipolis City Park. https://www.mydailytribune.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/42/2018/05/web1_DSCN2603.jpg The Hoop Project, alongside the River Recreation Festival, has served as one of the largest events in Gallipolis City Park. Dean Wright | OVP
When the Givenchy store opened on Madison Avenue in New York in August 2015, its accouterments included chic black-and-white lacquered finishings, a $29,000 embroidered military jacket and, hung high from the rafters, a giant portrait of Donatella Versace.
That photograph, from Givenchy's fall ad campaign shot by Mert Alas and Marcus Piggott, telegraphed in a highly unusual manner a strong friendship between competitive designers. No matter how varied the aesthetics, in the luxury space, everybody competes. In the case of these two designers, not anymore, as Tisci is now a free agent (assuming an expired or soon-to-expire non-compete) since he left Givenchy after the conclusion of his contract with LVMH Moët Hennessy Louis Vuitton. Even before he showed his last collection for the house, rumors had started to swirl that the mutual admiration proclaimed so boldly in that ad campaign would expand into a working relationship. In the context of the past year's global game of musical designers, that Tisci would sign on at Versace was often discussed as a fait accompli. The obvious accompanying assumption: Donatella would relinquish her creative perch to make room.
Ride-sharing giant Uber said Monday it is suspending its self-driving car programme after one of the vehicles struck and killed a pedestrian in the US state of Arizona.
The Uber vehicle was in autonomous mode, with an operator behind the wheel, when it hit a woman walking in the street in the city of Tempe late Sunday, according to the San Francisco-based company.
The victim was hospitalised and later died from her injuries.
"Our hearts go out to the victim's family," an Uber spokesperson told AFP. "We are fully cooperating with local authorities in their investigation of this incident."
Uber has suspended use of self-driving cars it was testing or using in Tempe, Pittsburgh, Toronto, and San Francisco, according to the company.
Uber was only using autonomous vehicles as part of its regular passenger service in Pittsburgh and Tempe.
A vehicle operator in the driver's seat was the only person in the Uber car when the fatal accident occurred, according to the company. The car was in police hands on Monday.
Sunday's accident was the first fatal self-driving car crash involving a pedestrian.
The first deadly self-driving car accident was reported in mid-2016, and involved a Tesla.
Slow car tech?
The Tesla Model S, cruising on "Autopilot," failed to detect a crossing tractor-trailer against a bright sky, killing the driver -- who it later emerged had kept his hands off the wheel for extended periods of time despite automated warnings not to do so.
It was a nightmare scenario for an industry promoting a way to improve road safety and reduce traffic fatalities that come mostly from human error.
As with the fatal Tesla crash, the deadly Uber accident is likely to stoke concerns that the industry is moving too fast to deploy self-driving vehicles.
on Twitter Our hearts go out to the victim's family. We're fully cooperating with @TempePolice and local authorities as they investigate this incident. — Uber Comms (@Uber_Comms) March 19, 2018
Google-owned Waymo for years has been testing self-driving cars, racing against smartphone-summoned ride star Uber.
Waymo early this month began using its self-driving trucks to haul cargo bound for the internet giant's data centres in Georgia.
Rival Uber made a similar announcement, saying it is using self-driving semi trucks as part of an on-demand trucking service in Arizona.
In September, US Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao released new guidelines that permit more testing of self-driving cars and address regulation between the federal government and states.
Autonomous-vehicle technology has been touted as having potential to save fuel, ease congestion, and make transportation safer.
Chao argued that self-driving technology could also improve mobility for the elderly, disabled and other restricted populations.
But the non-profit Consumer Watchdog has warned that roads are being turned "into private laboratories for robot cars with no regard for our safety."
US states set their own rules for roads, and a handful have passed laws allowing self-driving vehicles.
California and Arizona have been particularly encouraging, hoping that companies developing autonomous technology in those states will create local jobs and facilities devoted to a promising new industry.
Post Traumatic Stress Disorder or PTSD doesn't just happen to soldiers after the battlefield. It also happens to people who survive natural disasters, like hurricanes.
In fact, a new study shows mental illness in Harris County has climbed dramatically since Harvey.
Hurricane Season starts June 1st. That can trigger anxiety and depression for Harvey victims battling PTSD.
Yolanda Davis lived in an apartment complex that was destroyed by Harvey flood waters. She lost everything.
Yolanda has to be evacuated to the GRB evacuation shelter without her medications. She had been treated for depression for more than a decade.
By sheer luck, she ran into her psychiatrist, Dr. Asim Shah, who was helping evacuees.
Shah says, “Simple rain, simple water can cause a lot of fear.”
The Baylor Professor and Chief Psychiatrist for Harris Health System explains, “PTSD usually develops one month after trauma or an incident. It can develop even six months or nine months later. Now we are seeing full blown PTSD. They (patients) have flashbacks. They are hypervigilant.”
In fact, a recent survey by UT Health Science Center following Harvey, shows that 18% of Harris County residents are suffering from serious psychological distress. Compare that to the nationwide average of 4%.
That rate soars to 37% for those with damaged vehicles and 48% for those with damaged homes.
Yolanda lost her car and had to move. The widow now rents a small room and is hoping to get into a larger apartment.
Despite her simple surroundings, Yolanda volunteers at her church per doctor's orders.
Dr. Shah says, “She needs to do something of which she feels proud and she feels a little sense of accomplishment, because she has lost that.” The therapies and medications are working. Yolanda's spirits and outlook are lifting. She smiles saying, “At least I have a place to sleep. I'm not on the streets.”
© 2018 KHOU
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Zoe James was just going about her business when she received a surprise visit from the boys in blue.
The mum-of-three, from Pontypridd, had thought the knock on her front door earlier this week was from the postman.
Instead it was four members of the local police force - and they had some serious questions for her.
"They asked me how long I'd been home and if I could open my car for them.
I s**t myself and got my keys and opened the door for them."
What the police wanted to know, the mum explained in her Facebook post, was why Zoe would leave a newborn baby in the car by itself.
(Image: Facebook)
Zoe was gobsmacked.
"I explained my baby was five-years-old now and I had just dropped him to school with his two older sisters."
Then the penny dropped.
A police officer reached into the car and, pulling a car seat out, said, "this baby."
It took a little longer for Zoe to explain what had happened.
(Image: Facebook)
"I automatically laughed but the policewoman didn't find it funny and said that it was an offence to leave a baby unattended
"I quickly reached into the car seat an unwrapped the 'baby' out of its blanket to show them that it was Tess's reborn that she had left in there.
"These kids will be the death of me!"
We're not sure how the police reacted to this, but plenty of other parents saw the funny side of the misunderstanding.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A terror bombing at New York's main bus terminal was in retaliation for US President Donald Trump's decision to recognise Jerusalem as Israel's capital, a pro-ISIS propaganda channel has suggested.
The propaganda channel posted an image of an improvised explosive device photoshopped over a picture of Times Square, with a threatening caption reading: "The recognition of your dog 'Trump' Jerusalem as the capital of Israel will make us recognize explosives as the capital of your country."
The group's claim was reported by Site Intelligence, which monitors terrorist activity and propaganda. Trump's decision last week was met with fury around the world.
The suspect, from Bangladesh, is said to have told investigators "They've been bombing in my country an I wanted to do some damage here", the New York Post reported.
Police have said the suspect and three commuters were injured when the device exploded as millions made their way to work at about 7.30am local time.
The suspect was seen on the floor with his burned midriff exposed after his 'suicide belt detonated too early' in an ISIS-inspired terror attack.
(Image: Twitter)
(Image: Twitter)
(Image: Universal News And Sport (Europe))
(Image: Twitter/Breaking 999)
(Image: AFP)
(Image: REUTERS)
The image, published by the New York Post but which the Mirror has not independently verified, shows the injured man on the ground with his hands behind his back as police offers stand behind him.
He was arrested after a pipe bomb went off in an underground subway passage between Times Square and the Port Authority Bus Terminal in Manhattan, one of the busiest transport hubs in the world.
The suspect has been named locally as Akayed Ullah, 27, a Bangladeshi native who moved to the US seven years ago, it was reported.
There were scenes of chaos as thousands of terrified commuters and tourists fled the city's main bus station in a stampede, with some being trampled as they tried to escape.
(Image: Twitter/Breaking 999)
(Image: AFP)
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: AFP)
(Image: AFP)
Horrifying video footage appears to show the moment of the explosion just 200ft from the bus terminal at the peak of the morning commute.
The would-be suicide bomber's device was described as "low tech" - he had wires attached to him and a 5in metal pipe bomb and battery pack strapped to his mid-section, it was reported.
The suspect was taken into custody after the bomb "partially detonated", law enforcement sources told the New York Post .
He was taken to Bellevue Hospital and allegedly told investigators that he made the bomb at the electrical company where he works, the newspaper reported.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
(Image: PA)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: AFP)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
It was unclear whether the bomb was deliberately set off in the tunnel at rush hour or if it went off accidentally and a separate location was the intended target.
Sources told the New York Daily News that Port Authority police rushed to the scene of the blast and struggled with the suspect, who still had wires attached to his body.
It was claimed that he tried to set off the rest of the bomb, but only part of it detonated.
Two officers grabbed him and removed the explosives which were attached to his body with Velcro and zip ties, it was reported.
The suspect is said to have suffered burns to his hands and abdomen, and lacerations.
He is expected to survive.
(Image: REUTERS)
(Image: AFP)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: REX/Shutterstock)
(Image: AFP)
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Local media reported that Ullah arrived in the US seven years ago and his last known address was in Brooklyn.
Stunned witnesses described scenes of chaos as the bomb went off and smoke filled the passageway, sparking a massive rush to escape.
Security guard Christina Bethea, 29, of Yonkers, told the Daily News she heard the blast after getting off a train.
She said: “At the end of the tunnel, we heard the explosion, boom. You could see the smoke coming. When I saw the smoke, I just ran up the stairs.”
Byron Woodhouse, 55, said the sound of the blast was deafening.
He added: "It was loud. It was scary. People were running all over the place.”
Mayor Bill de Blasio told reporters: "This was an attempted terrorist attack.
"Thank God he did not achieve his goal. Thank God the only injuries we know about at this point are minor."
Democrats as well as some Republicans were quick to call out Donald Trump's language and apparent failure to single out white nationalists. Photo: Reuters
Charlottesville: US President Donald Trump is under fire from both Republicans and Democrats for his muted response to the violence unleashed by white supremacists during a rally in Virginia in which a woman was killed.
Trump on Sunday condemned violence by “many sides,” but stopped short of explicitly condemning far-right groups. The White House has since clarified in a statement that his condemnation included white supremacists.
A woman was killed and 19 people were injured when a car ploughed into a crowd of counter-protesters in Charlottesville.
“I'd like the president to come out today, as I asked every elected official in this country. Don't hide. Be strong and do the right thing. Tell white supremacists, tell the neo-Nazis, tell the Ku Klux Klan members, tell them all. We've had enough of it. Get out of our country. You are not wanted here. You are dividing us,” said Democrat Terry McAuliffe, Virginia governor.
McAuliffe expressed his frustration over the top leadership not being vocal and specific in condemning the white supremacist groups responsible for this. He has declared a state of emergency in Virginia. The city has a population of about 50,000, according to 2010 census, where many Indian-Americans also live. The University of Virginia campus has a significant number of Indian students.
“I would call upon the president, the next opportunity he has to speak, to call out the white supremacists for who they are, for their hatred, for their bigotry, for the Nazis,” said McAuliffe. “We have got to work together on reconciliation to come together. This isn't politics. This is about who we are as a nation, and I call upon every elected official to join us together, to come up with constructive ways of healing, of reconciliation and just telling these people to stop,” the Virginia governor said as the White House spent most of the day in defending Trump.
“The president said very strongly in his statement yesterday that he condemns all forms of violence, bigotry, and hatred. Of course that includes white supremacists, KKK, neo-Nazi and all extremist groups. He called for national unity and bringing all Americans together,” a White House spokesperson has said in a statement.
“When he condemned bigotry and hatred on all sides, that includes white supremacists and neo-Nazis. I know it's clear in his mind and it ought to be clear to all Americans,” national security advisor Lt. Gen. H.R. McMaster was quoted as saying by the NBC news.
Democrats as well as some Republicans were quick to call out Trump's language and apparent failure to single out white nationalists, who had organised Saturday's “Unite the Right” rally. Republicans also spoke out, and used the words white nationalism or white supremacy.
House speaker Paul Ryan tweeted: “White supremacy is a scourge. This hate and its terrorism must be confronted and defeated.” Republican New Jersey governor Chris Christie condemned the “racism and violence of white nationalists” and said, “Everyone in leadership must speak out.”
However, his political opponents were not satisfied. “It is an even more horrifying day when these acts take place and the president of this country refuses to acknowledge or condemn white supremacy and domestic terrorism. Instead, he painted a picture of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides, on many sides,” said Indian-American congresswoman Pramila Jayapal.
Thousands of protestors gathered in New York and Washington to protest Trump's response to violence in Charlottesville. Congressman Bennie G. Thompson, ranking member of the Committee on Homeland Security, said that the extremist activity in Charlottesville was terrorism. “With his weak words in the wake of yesterday's terrorist incident, it is clear we cannot count on President Trump for action...,” he said.
ON SUNDAY Noosa's Jack Frey stepped on to the World War I battlegrounds of Passchendaele to spend a full day experiencing "life at the front”.
For Jack, one of eight Premiers Anzac Prize award recipients, this was an immersive educational program that involved each student dressing in full WWI kit and experiencing a day in the life of a soldier.
Jack has been laying wreaths throughout London, France and Belgium and will represent the Noosa youth community on Anzac Day at commemorations at Villers- Bretonneux tomorrow.
Already he has visited the moving 1916 battlefield of Fromelles, where Australia lost 5533 men during its first action on the Western Front and the Ypres Salient.
This was a bulge in the front line that curved around Ypres for most of the war.
More than a million men were killed or wounded trying to gain control of this small patch of ground.
Another highlight was a visit to the 5th Australian Division Memorial at Polygon Wood and the Buttes New British Cemetery to see the graves of Private Hunter and Sergeant Calder, the two Australian soldiers who featured in Mat McLachlan's documentary Lost in Flanders.
Turns out the cricket legend is just as good on the golf course as he was at cricket.
Tim Cook said the phone-slowing software, released last year, was intended to make sure that iPhone users did not get cut off in the middle of an important call or text message because of an old battery. Photo: Reuters
Apple Inc will release a software update that will allow users to turn off a feature that slows down iPhones when batteries are low on charge, chief executive Tim Cook told ABC News.
Apple will release a test version of its iOS software next month that shows users the health of their batteries and will let them turn off a phone-slowing feature meant to prevent sudden shutdowns in iPhones with older batteries, Cook said in an interview with ABC News on Wednesday.
Cook said the phone-slowing software, released last year, was intended to make sure that iPhone users did not get cut off in the middle of an important call or text message because of an old battery.
“We will tell somebody we are reducing your performance by some amount in order to not have an unexpected restart, and if you don't want it, you can turn it off,” Cook said. “We don't recommend it because we think that people's iPhones are really important to them and you can never tell when something is so urgent. Our actions were all in service of the user.”
An Apple spokeswoman declined to comment beyond Cook's remarks or say when the update would be available to consumers.
Apple confirmed on 20 December that software in iPhone 6, iPhone 6s and iPhone SE models to deal with dangers from ageing batteries could slow down the phone's performance. Within days, Apple faced lawsuits over the phone slowing.
The issue struck a nerve on social media, where many voiced a theory that Apple intentionally slows down older phones to encourage customers to buy new ones. No credible evidence has emerged that Apple has ever done so. On 28 December, Apple issued a public apology to customers over the battery issue and said it has never purposely shortened the life of its products.
Apple also lowered the price of battery replacements for affected models from $79 to $29. The lower price could prod many consumers to replace their battery instead of buying a new phone, which in turn could lead to lower iPhone sales for 2018, Barclays analysts said in a note earlier this month. Reuters
Stephen Nellis
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This tale of the unexpected is a chilling whodunnit – and kicks off with a shocking death. Talented young cellist Tilly is about to go on stage to perform at the Royal Festival Hall.
But then her mother Janice – usually a real ‘stage mum' – turns up half-dressed, hands her a bunch of flowers and slits her own throat. It's the start of a rollercoaster ride where nothing is ever as it seems.
‘It's a psychological drama, but in a sneaky way,' says Lydia Wilson, who plays Tilly. ‘She's a girl from London in Converse trainers whose life suddenly spirals into this giant mystery. Requiem starts off with the banality of every day life in the city, then it suddenly goes, “Woah!”'
(Image: BBC)
After the death of Janice, daughter Tilly finds a shoe box on her mother's bed. It contains photos, a video tape and newspaper clippings about a little girl called Carys Howell.
Carys disappeared from a Welsh village 23 years before.
So with her friend Hal (Joel Fry) she leaves London behind and heads to Penllynith to speak to locals – but they couldn't be less welcoming.
Spookily, wealthy landowner Ewan Dean jumped off his roof the day before Janice (Joanna Scanlan) committed suicide. Even more spookily, he smashed all his mirrors first, and ghostly sounds were heard when he died. Tilly also realises she's having a recurring dream about finding a little girl in a creepy basement.
(Image: BBC)
The six-parter soon turns into part ghost story, part mystery.
‘It's going to keep people guessing right to the end,' promises Downton Abbey's Brendan Coyle, who plays the detective who investigated Carys's disappearance.
As Tilly starts digging up the past, suspicion falls on many of the villagers. It's an intense story, and took its toll on actress Lydia. ‘It was very tough,' she reveals. ‘I'd be crying on my days off.'
Viewers might find it all rather unsettling too. The first episode ends with a major reveal. It will leave you bewildered as you wonder what happened in Tilly's past, and eager for more.
Requiem is on Fri 9pm BBC1 then full series on iPlayer
Get celebs updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Veteran comedy actress Dame June Whitfield says women should “not lose sleep” over equal wages.
Dame June, 92 – who starred in BBC sitcoms Terry and June and Absolutely Fabulous – told women battling the industry's gender pay gap: “Keep your head down and do the job.”
She added: "You can only go so far. Should all the girls working in a factory be paid the same as the directors?
"We were just grateful to be paid back in the day and you did the job because you loved it."
But Dame June agrees that if women become big stars, or are doing the same job as men, they should get equal pay. “I think when you are at a certain level, you should be paid the same as men.
(Image: Mirrorpix)
“When they are the draw of the show, or on par with the men – Judi [Dench] is the draw – those at the top should definitely get equal pay.
“If someone is getting millions of pounds and you are getting 10 bob, then it's right [to fight for equal pay]. I can understand if you are in a show equally with a male actor, but you really should not lose sleep over it.
“As long as you have got enough for what you need to do, why worry?”
Speaking about wealthy actors such as US star Meryl Streep wading into the row, Dame June added: “What are they worried about? I know – more, more.”
(Image: Getty)
Meanwhile, the actress said she would prefer stars to wear bright colours to the BAFTAs rather than the all-black dress code celebs have been adopting at awards ceremonies to raise awareness of sexual harassment.
Joanna Lumley , 71, Dame June's Ab Fab co-star, is due to host the BAFTAS in London on February 18. Dame June said: “I think we should wear something jolly for Joanna. I hope she does wear colour. I think it [the protest] has gone much too far.”
Cook County commissioners have reached a deal to repeal the controversial sweetened beverage tax.Cook County Commissioner Sean Morrison announced Friday that he and 11 colleagues have reached an agreement to end the tax, giving them enough to override a veto by Cook County Board President Toni Preckwinkle. They say a vote on the deal will be held on Tuesday and if it is passed, the tax will end on December 1.The news of the repeal comes a day after Commissioner John Daley said he no longer supports the tax . Others followed suit, including Commissioner Jesus "Chuy" Garcia, another close ally of Preckwinkle."It became clear the repeal is eminent. What I requested is we do it responsibly and phase it out over the year," Garcia said.The tax will end in six weeks on December 1, giving the Cook County Board more time to fill a $200 million gap - the amount of money Preckwinkle said the sugar tax would have produced.While Preckwinkle did not have a comment Friday, in her budget address she warned commissioners of 11 percent across-the-board cuts if they chose to repeal the tax."This sort of reductions could substantially impact the services provided by the public defender's office and the state's attorney," Preckwinkle said Thursday."That is bologna, quite frankly. There are a lot of ways we could cut," Cook County Commissioner Sean Morrison countered.Morrison doesn't buy Preckwinkle's doomsay scenario. As the lead sponsor of the repeal, Morrison believes revenue can be generated by temporarily freezing infrastructure projects and cutting government waste.While Garcia signed on to Morrison's repeal ordinance, he agrees with Preckwinkle that cuts could be severe."I think people will lose their jobs if we don't come up with the revenues that are needed," Garcia said.Even though he flipped his position, Garcia still thinks the tax is a good way to generate revenue. He believes the beverage industry used its financial power to shape public opinion before supporters of the tax were able to craft their own message for a public debate. Either way, this is a big defeat for Preckwinkle.
Operating profit margin of the 1,372 firms was flat at 21.28% in Q4 from 21.03% in the previous quarter. Photo: Mint
Mumbai: The recovery in profit growth slowed in the March quarter despite signs of rising rural demand and the effect of demonetization and the goods and services tax (GST) tapering off, data showed.
A Mint analysis of 1,372 listed companies based on Capitaline data, showed aggregate net profit, after adjusting for one-time gains and losses, rose 13.88% in the March quarter, against 17.08% in the third quarter.
However, this was much higher than the 2.71% growth seen in the corresponding quarter of the previous fiscal year. For 32 Nifty firms, adjusted net profit growth was at 3.16% from 7.63% during the period.
In the third quarter of FY17, it was negative 7.60%.
The review excludes banks, financial services companies and oil and gas companies.
Operating profit margin of the 1,372 firms was flat at 21.28% in Q4 from 21.03% in the previous quarter.
According to Kotak Mutual Fund managing director Nilesh Shah, there was noticeable divergence within sectors.
“By and large, IT, private banks, large cement companies, auto, FMCG, media, OMCs and metals delivered results in line with, or ahead of, market expectations. The disappointment came from private sector and PSU banks, telecom, gas, pharma and building materials.” Shah added that the after-effects of GST and demonetization seemed to have faded and there has been good growth in the rural sector. “Improvement in the recovery rate of microfinance companies also gave confidence on the improvement in rural sector.”
Nischal Maheshwari, head of institutional equities at Edelweiss Securities Ltd, said the disappointments were present in some part of the consumer durables space, wherein demand was still soft, and the rise in input costs were weighing on their margins. “However, it is encouraging to see some signs of rural recovery with FMCG and two-wheelers posting good sales.”
Deepak Jasani, head of retail research, HDFC Securities Ltd, said: “Q4 numbers reflect stark differences between the top 400-500 companies and the rest. The top ones have largely remained flat or reported better numbers than the previous year, while the rest have shown worsening performance, raising concerns over their future growth or survival.
Demonetization and GST may have challenged the business models of a lot of companies and they are yet to come to terms with them.”
Although Brent crude prices surged 3.98% in the January-March period, raw material costs of the 1,372 companies had declined during the period.
Year-on-year growth in raw material costs for these companies were at 14.94% in the March quarter, against 17.26% in the preceding quarter. It was 8.04% in Q4, FY17.
According to Abhiram Eleswarapu, head of India equity research at BNP Paribas, within consumer discretionary, commodity inflation continued to hurt margins, but stronger companies with pricing power and operating leverage had managed their costs better. “Consumer staples companies saw strong pick-up in volume growth even on a normalised base and the commentary around rural demand was bullish.”
Vinod Karki, vice-president, strategy, ICICI Securities Ltd said that operating profit in the fourth quarter has been impacted due to rising input costs of companies, although topline has been robust. However margins, except for consumer companies, are peaking out. “Margins are not expanding beyond consumer companies. Going forward, margins of these companies are expected to fall because this quarter, oil prices have been very high. Usually, there is a lag effect of price increases on these companies' profitability. Management commentary has been about defending their margins. These companies have been trying to maintain their margins by cutting costs but higher input costs will soon catch up. That brings another risk as once there is an increase in product price, it may hurt demand growth,” Karki said.
Meanwhile, employee costs of the same set of companies climbed to 15.35% in March quarter from 9.32% in the December quarter. Interest cost in Q4 was at 4.15%, a significant rise from a negative 0.86% in quarter-ago period. Interest coverage ratio, which measures a firm's ability to cover its interest costs, was at a 22-quarter high.
Jasani of HDFC Securities said said typically, employee costs increase in Q4 due to bonus payments and actuarial valuations.“Post NCLT and IBC, banks have become strict on loan disbursements because of which companies (apart from top rated ones) faced liquidity issues and had to borrow from other sources like inter-corporate deposits, commercial papers etc at higher interest rates. Interest rates also were on the up in Q4. Effective tax rate also went up for some as companies lost out of tax exemptions due to time lapse,” he added.
Going ahead, analysts are concerned that sustainability of earnings growth will be important while crude and rupee will play important factors. Shah said, “The biggest concern for the market is sustainability of earning growth in FY 19...There is a credit squeeze in the economy with liquidity becoming tighter with forex intervention and increase in currency in circulation as 11 out of 21 PSU banks are in prompt corrective action (PCA). They are not lending money to their clients. Other PSU banks are also not as willing lender as before. The tight liquidity along with high real interest rates and higher oil prices could have an impact on the earnings growth.” He feels earnings momentum will see a pickup if oil prices soften and liquidity flow improve.
By The Associated Press
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE Atlantic Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div Tampa Bay 29 21 6 2 44 110 74 13-2-1 8-4-1 5-2-0 Toronto 31 20 10 1 41 106 88 10-5-0 10-5-1 5-1-1 Boston 27 14 9 4 32 78 75 9-4-2 5-5-2 1-1-2 Montreal 31 13 14 4 30 85 99 8-7-3 5-7-1 8-1-1 Detroit 29 11 13 5 27 80 97 5-6-4 6-7-1 3-7-0 Florida 29 11 14 4 26 88 104 6-6-3 5-8-1 3-3-1 Ottawa 28 9 12 7 25 77 98 4-5-5 5-7-2 2-2-1 Buffalo 30 7 17 6 20 64 102 3-9-1 4-8-5 2-4-2 Metropolitan Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div Columbus 30 19 10 1 39 86 73 11-5-0 8-5-1 6-4-0 Washington 30 18 11 1 37 94 88 12-5-0 6-6-1 5-2-0 New Jersey 29 16 9 4 36 89 91 6-5-2 10-4-2 2-3-0 N.Y. Islanders 29 16 10 3 35 105 99 8-1-2 8-9-1 4-3-1 Pittsburgh 31 16 12 3 35 93 102 10-4-1 6-8-2 4-2-0 N.Y. Rangers 29 16 11 2 34 98 87 12-5-2 4-6-0 5-4-2 Carolina 28 11 10 7 29 78 88 6-4-3 5-6-4 2-3-2 Philadelphia 29 11 11 7 29 83 86 4-6-4 7-5-3 1-0-3 WESTERN CONFERENCE Central Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div St. Louis 31 21 8 2 44 104 78 11-5-0 10-3-2 5-1-1 Nashville 29 18 7 4 40 95 84 11-2-2 7-5-2 8-1-1 Winnipeg 30 17 8 5 39 102 86 10-2-1 7-6-4 5-1-1 Dallas 30 16 13 1 33 89 89 10-4-0 6-9-1 4-8-0 Chicago 30 14 11 5 33 90 82 8-5-2 6-6-3 2-5-2 Minnesota 28 14 11 3 31 83 84 8-3-2 6-8-1 4-5-0 Colorado 28 13 13 2 28 90 94 8-5-1 5-8-1 4-5-1 Pacific Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div Los Angeles 31 20 8 3 43 97 68 10-5-2 10-3-1 3-3-2 Vegas 29 19 9 1 39 103 91 11-2-0 8-7-1 9-1-0 San Jose 28 16 10 2 34 76 65 9-6-1 7-4-1 4-1-2 Calgary 30 16 12 2 34 88 94 8-8-0 8-4-2 5-3-0 Vancouver 30 14 12 4 32 81 85 5-6-3 9-6-1 3-5-0 Anaheim 30 12 11 7 31 80 89 7-7-3 5-4-4 3-2-4 Edmonton 30 12 16 2 26 86 99 5-9-0 7-7-2 4-1-0 Arizona 33 7 21 5 19 75 114 3-8-1 4-13-4 1-5-3
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Saturday's Games
St. Louis 6, Detroit 1
Edmonton 6, Montreal 2
Colorado 7, Florida 3
Tampa Bay 4, Winnipeg 3, OT
Columbus 1, Arizona 0
Boston 3, N.Y. Islanders 1
Toronto 4, Pittsburgh 3
N.Y. Rangers 5, New Jersey 2
Vegas 5, Dallas 3
San Jose 5, Ottawa 0
Calgary 4, Vancouver 2
Los Angeles 3, Carolina 2, OT
Sunday's Games
Chicago 3, Arizona 1
St. Louis 3, Buffalo 2, OT
Toronto 1, Edmonton 0
Minnesota at San Jose, 9 p.m.
Monday's Games
Colorado at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Dallas at N.Y. Rangers, 7 p.m.
Washington at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
Florida at Detroit, 7:30 p.m.
Vancouver at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Carolina at Anaheim, 10 p.m.
Tuesday's Games
Edmonton at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Ottawa at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Toronto at Philadelphia, 7 p.m.
Colorado at Washington, 7 p.m.
Los Angeles at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
Calgary at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
Tampa Bay at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Florida at Chicago, 8:30 p.m.
Carolina at Vegas, 10 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
Dallas at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
N.Y. Rangers at Ottawa, 7 p.m.
Boston at Detroit, 8 p.m.
Nashville at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
View larger $12.99 $10.90 - Select Qty - 1 2 3
3 in stock
Poster SKU: 171211-68867-1
Part No: P3188
Weight: 1.01 lbs
Condition: New
View All: Boris Karloff items
Product Types: Poster Crush | Posters - Reprints
Lines: Cult Flavor | Throwback Space
Genres: Fantasy | Horror | Suspense | Thrillers | Zombie Films
Poster Categories: Movies, TV & Gaming
Studio: Universal
Original U.S. Release: December 22, 1932
Rating: PG
Visit our poster shop POSTER CRUSH: Art & Creativity | Comics & Fantasy Art | Movies, TV & Gaming | Music | Sports
Visit our main page for additional items Here.
Details
In Karl Freund's horror film The Mummy, Boris Karloff plays Imhotep, a living mummy who stalks the beautiful woman he believes is the reincarnation of his lover.
Specifications
Size: 24x36 in
Cast: Arthur Byron | Boris Karloff | Bramwell Fletcher | David Manners | Edward Van Sloan | Leonard Mudie | Noble Johnson | Zita Johann
Directors: Karl Freund
Project Name: The Mummy
Characters: The Mummy
Related Items
Categories
Cult Flavor | Fantasy | Featured | Horror | Movies, TV & Gaming | Posters - Reprints | Suspense | Thrillers | Throwback Space | Universal | Zombie Films
Get Liverpool FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Liverpool are preparing a €30m (£26.3m) offer for Lazio star Thomas Strakosha.
The Reds are searching for a replacement for error-prone Loris Karius after his disastrous performance in the Champions League final vs Real Madrid.
The Albania goalkeeper has impressed for the Aquile and could be a long-term solution to the Reds' problem area at just 23 years old.
With Roma looking for up to €90m for Alisson Becker, and increased competition from Chelsea, Strakosha could prove to be a more affordable option, according to TuttoMercatoWeb .
(Image: Claudio Villa)
No Fekir bid yet - but it's coming
Liverpool will intensify their efforts to bring Nabil Fekir to Anfield, as they attempt to strike a deal in the next 10 days.
But contrary to widespread reports in France, there has been no formal bid from the Reds for the £50m-rated France international.
Fekir is the next target as boss Jurgen Klopp looks to put the final pieces of his squad jigsaw together, in preparation for a full onslaught for the Premier League title next season.
And we understand the Lyon attacking midfielder has met with his club president Jean-Michel Aulas to make clear he wants a move to Anfield...and would like his future decided before the World Cup starts.
That is Liverpool's aim as they look to strike a deal, with Sporting Director Michael Edwards keen to pursue formal discussions in the next week.
(Image: AFP)
Salah facing race to be fit for World Cup opener
Mohamed Salah is in a race against time to be fit for the start of the World Cup after Egypt revealed he will be out for three weeks.
The Liverpool star met Egypt coach Hector Cuper, federation president Hani Abu Reda and team doctor Mohamed Abou El-Ela on Wednesday in Valencia, where he is being treated for the shoulder injury he suffered in the Champions League Final.
Egypt claim Salah will be out for up to three weeks, making him doubtful for their first game against Uruguay on June 15.
(Image: REUTERS)
Egypt said in a post on their federation Facebook page: “The delegation of the national team was briefed on the recovery programme for the player, who is walking well.
“He aims to join the squad in the World Cup and this great player is determined to catch up with his team-mates.
“For his part, Mohamed Abou El-Ela said that the period of absence of Salah due to injury will not exceed three weeks.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Endurance athlete Ross Edgley aims to become the first person to swim 2,000 miles around Britain.
Ross, 32, leaves from Margate in Kent tomorrow and will not set foot on dry land for 100 days.
Eating and sleeping on a support boat, he will travel clockwise, swimming 30km to 50km a day in six-hour shifts, aiming to finish at Tower Bridge in London in September.
He said: “People may look at this and think, why?
“But I look at it and just think, if I complete it this could be the greatest achievement of my life.”
(Image: www.redbullcontentpool.com)
Ross, of Grantham, Lincs, has already run a marathon pulling a Mini, rope-climbed the height of Everest and did a triathlon hauling a 45kg log on his back.
But he said: “Without question, this is the toughest thing I have ever done.” Only one man has ever swum from Land's End to John O'Groats – just half the distance.
Ross will have to take in 1.5 million calories in his 100-day challenge to fuel 40,000 strokes a day.
But he could struggle to eat if the seawater makes his tongue and throat swell up.
(Image: www.redbullcontentpool.com)
He said: “We might have to start liquidising foods.”
Jellyfish stings are a worry.
He said: “I won't shave. The face is most exposed, so any protection, like a big beard, will help.”
Follow Ross's challenge here .
Oops, you haven't selected any newsletters. Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It's currently performing its 12th close flyby of Jupiter , and now NASA 's Juno spacecraft has captured a stunning image of the iconic Great Red Spot.
The colour-enhanced image is a combination of three separate images taken on April 1, as Juno performed its 12th close flyby of Jupiter.
At the time the images were taken, the spacecraft was 15,379 miles to 30,633 miles from the tops of the clouds of the planet, at a southern latitude spanning 43.2 to 62.1 degrees.
Jupiter's Great Red Spot is one of its most iconic features.
(Image: PA)
The spot is actually the biggest storm in the solar system , which appears as a deep red oval, surrounded by swirls of yellow, orange and white.
And while you might think that storms on Earth can be fierce, they're nothing in comparison to the Great Red Spot, according to NASA.
Winds inside the storm have been measured at several hundred miles an hour.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Since it was first discovered in 1831, the Great Red Spot has changed shape - and NASA has no idea how its appearance will change in the future.
Rick Cosentino, a researcher from NASA's Goddard Space Flight Centre, said: “If the trends we see in the Great Red Spot continue, the next five to 10 years could be very interesting from a dynamical point of view.
“We could see rapid changes in the storm's physical appearance and behavior, and maybe the red spot will end up being not so great after all.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Dozens of motorists were gridlocked on the Addenbrooke's Hospital site after a lorry blocked a road on the edge of the city.
A car transporter restricted part of the road near the Gog Magog roundabout at about 6pm last night (Thursday October 5) causing congestion that affected traffic on the hospital site, a Cambridgeshire County Council spokeswoman said.
Queues built up at the exit barriers in the main multi-storey car park, and many drivers blamed roadworks and temporary traffic lights at the main roundabout near the hospital in Hills Road.
But the council spokeswoman said: "The traffic lights were not to blame. In fact, a car transporter was blocking part of the road near the Gog Magog roundabout."
One car park user, who did not want to be named, said: "We were basically trapped. Only a few cars were getting off the hospital site at a time, so a big queue built up, and it took us more than a hour to get through it."
Motorists are being caught in massive tailbacks while work on the City Deal-funded cycleway, as well as roadworks by the National Grid, is carried out.
The work at the roundabout, at the busy junction of Hills Road, Long Road and Queen Edith's Road, involves revamping a cycleway, in a City Deal-funded scheme, and is coupled with roadworks by the National Grid.
Some frustrated drivers have been jumping the red lights.
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app. It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple's App Store, or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play.
Get Manchester United FC updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A footballers work is never done as Manchester United's newest star proved as ge put in some tireless effort ahead of his home debut.
Hours after leaving for training, Alexis Sanchez finally arrived back for a well-earned rest at the Lowry ahead of the match against Huddersfield.
But even then his job wasn't done.
Hundreds of fans are STILL camping outside the hotel for a glimpse of the Chilean - and Manchester United's new number 7 wasn't going to disappoint them.
On the night where it's been revealed that Arsene Wenger reckons the frontman is on a contract worth even more than £600,000-a-week - to many lucky fans he's worth it.
(Image: Eamonn and James Clarke)
(Image: Eamonn and James Clarke)
When quizzed whether the deal was as much as the £600,000-a-week as had been reported at a recent club Q&A, Wenger pointed to the ceiling as if to signify it was worth even more.
But whatever he's trousering, you can't fault his effort.
As the Manchester United squad arrived at the famous hotel - where both Sanchez and his boss Jose Mourinho currently reside - they waved to the massed ranks.
(Image: Eamonn and James Clarke)
(Image: Eamonn and James Clarke)
While a lot of the players crept in, Sanchez showed his star power as he went up and down the crowd signing autographs and posing for photos.
He's known for his workrate, but this was above and beyond.
The Red Devils were comfortably beaten by Tottenham at Wembley in midweek, a 2-0 reverse leaving them 15 points behind league leaders Manchester City.
(Image: Eamonn and James Clarke)
(Image: Eamonn and James Clarke)
That match marked Paul Pogba's first Premier League defeat in over 16 months, since the 4-0 hammering at Chelsea on October 23, 2016.
The Frenchman was hauled off in the second half by manager Mourinho, departing in the 63rd minute having already received a strong rebuke by the United boss.
The £89million star will be in the starting XI once more against the Terriers, and has vowed to "come back stronger" after the loss as he marks six years since his first United debut.
Pogba wrote on Instagram on Thursday evening: "Once upon a time... 6 years ago I played my first official match with our team. Disappointed with yesterday's result but we'll come back stronger."
Sanchez will make his home debut, but there are questions over who will lead the line.
Romelu Lukaku's display against Spurs has led to criticism of the Belgian, a player Mourinho has heavily defended at times this term, while Marcus Rasford - left out against Spurs - scored and impressed in the FA Cup win over Yeovil.
(Image: Eamonn and James Clarke)
(Image: Eamonn and James Clarke)
However, Zlatan Ibrahimovic has been feeling the effects of his knee injury, the 36-year-old having suffered a recurrence last month - while Mourinho has conceded he could depart amid interest from LA Galaxy.
"Zlatan is in the last year of contract," said Mourinho earlier this week. "If - I'm saying if, if, if - I repeat he's said nothing about it to me.
"But if, if, if that is true and Zlatan wants a future in another club in another country then I give to help and create conditions for that to happen to not make his life difficult.
(Image: Eamonn and James Clarke)
"But I repeat the only thing Zlatan told - or the last thing Zlatan told me - was that he wants to recover totally and feel ready to help the team. That's the last thing I heard from him."
Mino Raiola, Ibrahimovic's agent, says he could follow the path trodden by Bastian Schweinsteiger last year "if he wants to".
Pontida, July 2 - League leader Matteo Salvini said Sunday the anti-migrant Euroskeptic party would rule Italy for 30 years and would launch a transnational League of Leagues to fight European elites in next year's European Parliament elections. "We will govern for the next 30 years," Salvini told the faithful at their annual gathering at their spiritual birthplace of Pontida in northern Italy. The League of Leagues, he said, would "bring together all the free and sovereign movements" ahead of next year's EP elections. That vote will be a "referendum between the people and the elite", the rightwing populist leader said. Salvini added that the League's government partner, the anti-establishment 5-Star Movement (M5S), was "honest and consistent".
Global Textile Coatings Market: Snapshot
The demand in the global textile coatings market is projected for a CAGR of 3.9% during the forecast period of 2017 to 2025, gaining traction from the prosperity of a number of end-use industries such as building and construction, automotive, footwear and apparels, medical devices, and protective clothing. On the other hand, environmental concerns regarding these coatings and growing popularity of bio-based alternatives are hindering the desired prosperity of the textile coatings market. In the near future, vendors operating in this market are expected to gain new opportunities from the advent of nanotechnology and microencapsulation in textiles. The global textile coatings market is estimated to be worth US$4,918.5 mn by 2025, considerably up from its evaluated worth of US$3,406.0 mn in 2016.
Read Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/textile-coating-market.html
Thermoplastic Based Raw Materials Widely Used
On the basis of raw materials, the global textile coatings market has been segmented into thermoplastic type based, which includes sub-segments of polyurethane, polyvinylchloride, and acrylics, and thermoset type based, with is further bifurcated into natural rubber, styrene butadiene rubber, and silicones. Thermosets segment held a lower share in the market in comparison to thermoplastics segment across the globe. Thermoplastic products are cheaper and efficient, therefore they have high demand in the market.
Technology-wise, the global textile coatings market has been segmented into dot coating and full surface coating. As full surface coating completely laminates the textile product the segment has higher demand in the market and is expected to rise at a higher CAGR in the forecast period. The technology is employed to coat products partially (in form of dots). Dot coating technology is employed in various industries such as medical hygiene, upholstery fabric, footwear, and sports products.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=19010
As far as end-users are concerned, the report categorizes the global textile coatings market into industrial clothing, upholstery fabric, geotextiles, footwear, and medical hygiene. The first two end-use categories served the most prominent share of the demand in the global market for textile coatings in 2016. Growing demand for protective fabric in various industries is likely to boost the market for textile coatings.
About Us
Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information.
TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact
Transparency Market Research
State Tower,
90 State Street,
Suite 700,
Albany NY – 12207
United States
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
The federal Liberal government is spending $4.5 billion to buy Trans Mountain and all of Kinder Morgan Canada's core assets.
A protester holds a photo of Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and a representation of the globe covered in oil during a protest against the Kinder Morgan Trans Mountain Pipeline expansion in Vancouver, B.C., on Tuesday May 29, 2018. The federal Liberal government is spending $4.5 billion to buy Trans Mountain and all of Kinder Morgan Canada's core assets, Finance Minister Bill Morneau said Tuesday as he unveiled the government's long-awaited, big-budget strategy to save the plan to expand the oilsands pipeline. THE CANADIAN PRESS/Darryl Dyck
Outrage over the federal government's announcement about buying the Trans Mountain pipeline to ensure it gets built could fuel unprecedented protests, says a prominent environmentalist who was at the forefront of British Columbia's so-called War in the Woods in the 1990s.
Tzeporah Berman said the fight against the pipeline expansion is even bigger than those over logging in Clayoquot Sound.
Canadians are angry the government is shelling out $4.5 billion to purchase the Trans Mountain pipeline rather than investing in clean energy after Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's climate-change promises during the 2015 election and his later commitment to the Paris climate accord, she said.
“My experience is that people are motivated by betrayal, they're motivated by a lack of fairness, they're motivated by a sense of shared common purpose and outrage. In this case we have all of that,” said Berman, who was cleared of aiding and abetting protesters at the Clayoquot blockade and is now an adjunct professor of environmental studies at York University in Toronto.
Berman said the Liberal government “made a very big mistake” by backing Kinder Morgan's project and alienating voters to create “a perfect storm” that would prompt people to take action.
“I think a lot of us who knocked on doors for the Trudeau government really believed them when they said they were going to bring evidence-based analysis and science and democratic process back to pipeline reviews.”
Related: Trans Mountain pipeline: The economics of oil
Related: Trans Mountain pipeline: Is it worth the risk?
Berman is a director of Stand.earth, one of the groups that organized an anti-pipeline protest in Vancouver on Tuesday after Finance Minister Bill Morneau announced the government's plans for the pipeline between Edmonton and Burnaby, B.C. Another protest is planned in Victoria on Thursday.
“My expectation is that the outrage is going to grow and we're not just going it see it here in British Columbia but we're going to see it nationally and internationally,” she said, adding social media makes it possible for activists to connect in ways that didn't exist at the height of anti-logging protests in 1993.
“We didn't have email, we didn't have cellphones. It was a remote location that took most people five to seven hours to get through. This is a pipeline project that runs through urban centres,” she said of Trans Mountain.
Khelsilem, a Squamish Nation council member who goes by his first name, said the federal government's decision to pursue completion of the pipeline expansion threatens Indigenous communities if there was a spill of bitumen from increased tanker traffic in B.C. waters.
“Trudeau had promised during the election that he would create a new environmental process that would protect Indigenous rights and that the Kinder Morgan project would be included and sent back to be done through the new process, and on both those counts he's failed completely,” he said.
Along with multiple legal challenges involving the pipeline, the Squamish Nation and five other First Nations are involved in a Federal Court of Appeal case that targets Ottawa's approval of the project.
“The protesters and the opposition, and the civil disobedience is probably going to increase,” Khelsilem said.
“Our mandate from our people is to continue to defend our rights as a people and to protect our territory, not just for us but for future generations. We're going to continue to stand with our allies that support our Indigenous rights and change the story of Canada, that Canada is no longer a country that disregards Indigenous rights.”
Related: Trans Mountain pipeline: How we got here
Related: First Nations remain divided
Camille Bains, The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A foul-mouthed great grandmother who thinks "girls are b***hes" spoils a baby's gender reveal – by announcing with disapproval that it was a "f***ing girl".
Carrie-Anne Sanca used a balloon filled with pink confetti to give her mum the "same moment" she found out she was having a girl for a gender reveal on October 1 after seeing the idea online.
But the 33-year-old was left "shocked" when 76-year-old mum Margaret expressed her less-than-subtle disappointment as she found out her daughter was having a girl.
Hilarious footage shows great-grandmother Margaret burst the balloon with a pin and swear as she sees the pink confetti, before calling the baby a "split ar**" – offensive slang for a girl.
Margaret, who already boasts nine children, 23 grandchildren and 19 great-grandchildren, was unaware that the video had gone viral until her daughter told her she was an online hit.
(Image: Mercury Press & Media Limited)
(Image: Mercury Press & Media Limited)
Carrie-Anne, from Bridgend, Wales, said: "She always says 'boys are lovely, girls are b***hes. I think to be honest it's just the way she is.
"When she swore in the video I just said 'mam'. I don't think she realised she was swearing – it just came out naturally. That's just her.
"I didn't expect a reaction like that to be honest. I wanted to share with her what I was having and the excitement of knowing.
"I wanted to give her a surprise and share it with her. I wanted to re-create the same moment I had when I learned I was having a girl and give her the same surprise and excitement.
(Image: Mercury Press & Media Limited)
"I really thought she would love it but it wasn't the case because she wanted a boy.
"I wasn't disappointed because whatever happens I'm having a girl and there's no turning back now.
"She really wanted a boy you see. I think she was just a bit disappointed at the time. But after that she just got over it and said 'well, as long as it's lovely it doesn't matter.'
"I don't think she minds as long as it's healthy. She said 'Oh, are we having a little Maggie May from down the way?'"
(Image: Mercury Press & Media Limited)
Carrie-Anne got the idea of setting up a gender reveal by looking on social media.
She said: "I wanted to use the balloon idea because I'd seen it on Pinterest and I just wanted something different so my mum could find out I was having a little girl.
"So I bought the balloon after I found out the sex of the baby and did that."
The video was shared over 16,000 times on social media and hit nearly two million views in just two days.
In the video, Carrie-Anne's partner Paul Jones holds up the balloon and Carrie-Anne says 'boy or girl?' in anticipation before Margaret takes to it with a pin.
(Image: Mercury Press & Media Limited)
Carrie-Anne said: "One minute we post it, the next minute we had all these people liking it and sharing it and it reached millions of views.
"People were adding her as a friend. When I told my mum she just couldn't believe it. She was just so shocked.
"I said, it's on social media so you're on the news. You're on the news mam, have a look and she just kept saying 'you're lying, you're lying.'
"I think she just can't understand it."
The LG G7 ThinQ is literally the next big and bright Android smartphone, and now we know just how big and how bright it'll be ahead of its May 2 launch date.
It'll have an expansive 6.1-inch screen – bigger than the 5.7-inch LG G6 – and an all-screen design with a 19.5:9 aspect ratio and QuadHD+ resolution, according to LG in a press release.
We can also see in a new display settings screenshot (below) that the phone will have a notch, but, as we discovered earlier, it can be 'hidden' with black bars. It's optional.
LG G7 at 1,000 nits of brightness
The LG G7 ThinQ display will be big and bright, reaching 1,000 nits of brightness, compared to the normal 600 nits we usually see from LG smartphones.
This is going to make seeing your smartphone screen easier in direct sunlight, where the struggle for more brightness is a very real first-world problem.
"LG G7 ThinQ allows users the convenience of operating the phone in almost any lighting condition, notably under bright sunlight," says LG.
As impressive as 1,000 on a smartphone is, LG's South Korean neighbor, Samsung, has surpassed this number with the recent Galaxy S9 and S9 Plus at more than 1,1000 nits.
LG is promising that its technology maintains rich and natural color tones, even ay max brightness, and covers 100 percent of DCI-P3 color space. On auto mode, it's able to adapt between six different screen settings.
LG G7's LCD over OLED
LG chose to use LCD display technology in the G7 ThinQ in order to achieve its Super Bright Display and peak brightness of 1,000 nits.
That's the opposite of the AMOLED display trend that's popular in phones right now, all capable of deep blacks and power-saving capabilities. Even the LG V30 and LG 30S ThinQ have OLED displays.
But LG touts its LCD technology as a way to achieve a higher maximum brightness in an energy efficient way. It reduces power consumption by as much as 30% compared to the LG G6, according to the company.
We'll see how it looks and how well the LG G7 ThinQ battery life performs on May 2, when the official phone unveiling happens.
The demand for gift cards fluctuates from year to year, and Connecticut Better Business Bureau says this year's forecasts reveal a strong demand for them.
A survey last year from financial publisher Bankrate found more than half of us intend to buy at least one gift card as a present, but only 27 percent of people prefer to receive a gift card as opposed to a tangible item.
“Gift cards have been one of the most popular holiday presents for decades and that has not changed,” according to Connecticut BBB spokesman Howard Schwartz. “What has changed is the way consumers intend to spend money this holiday season, whether they buy a gift card for someone else or for themselves. That freedom is one of the reasons for cards' popularity.”
The market research company NPD Group's 2017 Holiday Purchase Intentions Study reveals 39 percent of consumers plan to purchase so-called experiential gifts this holiday season. Those are gifts such as wine tastings, concert tickets, and spa treatments, and gift cards are a convenient way to pay for those.
Gift cards are also popular with retailers. Historically, three out of four people spend more money than the value of the card.
If you receive a gift card as a present but don't want it, there are websites that allow you to buy or sell gift cards. Cards with the highest trade-in value are from gas stations, retail chains and grocery stores. They usually sell for 80 to 90 cents on the dollar, while less popular cards can go for half their face value or less. Check out gift card exchange websites at bbb.orgto verify if they are legitimate and have any complaints.
BBB offers some tips to help you get the most out of your gift cards:
Buy them where an employee can see them — If the gift cards are on a rack out of view — a thief can tamper with them, transfer the value of the card and then return it to the rack.
Use them or lose them — As much as 10 percent of gift cards are never redeemed because they get misplaced, forgotten or lost. Another reason to use them as soon as possible is in case a business shuts down and the card cannot be used.
Treat your card like cash — If the card is lost or stolen, contact the issuer immediately. Some will re-issue a card for a fee but others will not. That is another reason to include the original receipt with the gift card before you give it.
Be very careful buying from an individual — If someone is selling gift cards online through a classified ad site for example, you risk buying a stolen, counterfeit or empty card without any opportunity to get your money back in the event of fraud.
Some cards have fees — This applies to cards issued by banks. They can charge fees for inactivity if they are not used within 12 months. In contrast, under Connecticut law, gift cards cannot have an expiration date or inactivity fees, even if the card is purchased from another state.
Find additional holiday tips at bbb.org.
