‘CIOs are stuck with so many hangovers of the industrial age - they have to remake themselves in really radical fashion.'
Bendelta's Anthony Mitchell
C-suite executives need a combination of leadership skills - namely the 6 c's - in order to cultivate professional empowerment and help steer organisations to success, according to a management expert.
Bendelta co-founder and chairman, Anthony Mitchell, outlined the ‘6 c's' as he discussed leadership skills and the power of psychological, biological and behavioural patterns and their links to organisational success.
The company recently launched a virtual institute, named Potentiology, which aims to accelerate the capabilities of executives and organisations to what Mitchell said are “world-class performances.”
As part of its research, Bendelta has analysed the mental and behavioural routines of famed prodigies from current World Chess Champion, Magnus Carlsen; Chinese American cellist and child prodigy, Yo-Yo Ma; and Olympic gold medal swimmer Sarah Sjostrom, to eminent Australians such as six-time Ironman Trevor Hendy and imprisoned journalist Peter Greste.
Discussing business ramifications and effects on CIOs, Mitchell said c-suite executives, in particular, should consider adopting some of the ‘6 c's.' These the first three include: capacity (the resilience to deal with demands of being a leader in a contemporary business environment ); change agility (the ability to “turn on a dime” and reorient the organisation as needed); collaboration (breaking down silos and bringing together multiple perspectives). The next three include: connection (empathy to help people understand their team and customers); choice (high quality decision-making); and creativity (operating in an imaginative way and doing lateral thinking).
“Those are six skills that are really important to any c-suite executives,” Mitchell said. “Those six are the ones we've identified as having the broadest applicability. Most organisations are going to find that two or three of those are especially important.”
While Mitchell said CIOs will benefit from cultivating the majority of the 6 c's, the choice of which ones to choose will depend on the overall strategy of the organisation.
“It's a starting point and what you're trying to achieve with technology,” he said.
“In an organisation that really needs to reorient where it's heading on technology, change agility might be really important both in how the CIOs demonstrate it in themselves, but how they produce more of it in other people around them as well.
“If it's an organisation that is trying to lead on customer experience, for example, the CIOs may need to be particularly strong on connectedness, the empathy part of it. If they are trying to lead on innovation, then it might be creativity that particularly matters. “
Power of the people
Mitchell said there are significant drivers of organisational performance, namely exponential technologies and the increasing role of human potential.
“A huge amount of competitive advantage is coming down to the ability for organisations to invent, inculcate or leverage exponential technologies - the kind that can actually assist them to make leaps in business model.”
With the age of artificial intelligence, machine to machine communications, and deep learning, upon us Mitchell said the days of “proceduralised work” is eroding for people.
“Increasingly, the role of what people contribute has very little to do with procedural work and a huge amount to do with how they contribute those more ‘human discretionary capacities' - their collaboration, empathy; creativity, resilience and agility.”
He explained there's a “dynamic interplay” between exponential technologies and human potential.
“The organisations that are decimating the established corporations are the ones that are extremely good at doing both of these things: They are great at either inventing, or inculcating or leveraging exponential technologies, and are terrific at realising the full potential of their people.”
And while the ‘cliched way' of thinking about exponential technologies and human potential is that the CIOs need to lead on the exponential technologies side, Mitchell said “it is equally important” the CIO leads on both fronts - and to remember that they have a very important role to play.
“The CIO matters just as much, if not more, than any member of the c-suite in terms of making sure that the human potential is being fully realised.”
Mitchell, who highlighted trends happening in the US, said it's a pivotal time for CIOs given there's a massive shakeup in business.
“If I look at the non-Silicon Valley corporations, the Fortune Top 100, these guys are being decimated by the upstart. If I think about a CIO, in the context of someone working inside what I call a more traditional corporation, they are facing really tough times.
“They are stuck with so many hangovers of the industrial age. So they are having to remake themselves in really radical fashion at quite a pace and that's quite a demand, and requires something pretty special from the CIO to assist with it.”
Asked what CIOs shouldn't do, Mitchell said one obvious thing that springs to mind is trying to be all things to all people and mastering all six of the suggested capabilities.
“Look at your strategic imperative. What do you truly need to do? Don't look at a broader brush. And don't despair. I think a lot of people look at this and say, ‘that's not me, I'm not that kind of person. I'm not sure I can measure up to that.' But if there's one thing our research has really demonstrated it's that leaders are made, not born.
“Even a CIO that might say, ‘I come from a typical background. I'm not going to be the most inspiring leader.' Quite the opposite is true: We have had numerous examples of people being able to step up, obviously with the right support, going through the right learning pathways, but they have been able to develop the right capabilities. They can excel at being highly creative, highly empathetic, or whatever it might be that's important.
Cultivating mindfulness is another important factor in finding success, he said, explaining it's the extra piece that creates a boost in resilience.
“Mindfulness sounds like a hip and trendy term, and it scares some people off a little bit, but our studies of people who are world-class virtuosos of resilience, we found that without exception, they all practiced mindfulness. They may not have called it that, but they all had some way of making sure that they were directing their attention where their awareness was.”
Steps to success
Mitchell also advised organisations take a number of steps, which requires a thorough self-examination.
“I would suggest that organisations look at the architecture that they've got in place. If it looks something designed for the industrial age, then you need to be prepared to make material changes. Throw out anything that looks like command and control. Make sure that the strategy is giving you the most direct line through to your ability to leapfrog on exponential technology and liberate the potential of your people.
“Make sure that your organisational architecture is enabling people to act with autonomy, but in ways that really force collaboration - that people are working at full stretch rather than being underutilised, or working hard, but not in ways that are undermining capabilities.”
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Login Email Address: Password: Already a paid subscriber but not registered for online access yet? For instructions on how to get premium web access, click here. Forgot your password?
Share this: Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Google
2018 could be a huge year for airline travel in and out of Tulsa, said airport Chief Executive Mark VanLoh. He is working with the Tulsa Regional Chamber to encourage more business and leisure travel from the city.
Take this weekly quiz to test your knowledge of the 2014 National Electrical Code (NEC) requirements. The Code Quiz features three questions that are presented in a True/False, Fill-in-the-Blank, or Multiple Choice format. The answer to each question is offered up on a separate slide, which follows the question. Good luck!
These materials are provided to us by Mike Holt Enterprises of Leesburg, Inc. To view additional Code training materials offered by this company, visit www.mikeholt.com/code.
Want More News Like This?
CAPA Membership gives you access to all news and analysis on the site, along with access to many areas of our comprehensive databases and toolsets.
Mayor de Blasio's plan to create 100,000 'good paying' jobs begins with an investment in an industrial part of the Brooklyn waterfront. The new hub for film and fashion will be built along the river in Sunset Park at the Bush Terminal. Gus Rosendale has a closer look.
Ranae Bickett uses her first snowblower to clear her sidewalk Monday, Jan. 2, 2017, on Fifth Avenue South, Fargo. Fargo remains under a winter storm warning until noon Tuesday with more than four inches of additional snow expected. This will be followed by dangerously low wind chill values Tuesday night as low as -29 degrees. Michael Vosburg / Forum Photo Editor
The following is a list of open wheel events taking place February 15 – 19, 2017 presented by Allstar Performance. We try our best to keep the schedule updated, but we are not always made aware of schedule changes or cancellations. Always check and verify before attending any event. If you see an event that is missing or listed incorrectly please contact us with the correct information.
Wednesday February 15, 2017
Volusia Speedway Park – Barberville, FL – All Star Circuit of Champions
Thursday February 16, 2017
Volusia Speedway Park – Barberville, FL – All Star Circuit of Champions
Friday February 17, 2017
Adelaide Motorsports Park – Adelaide, AU – Sprintcar Allstars
Perth Motorplex – Perth, AU – Winged 360 Sprint Cars
Perth Motorplex – Perth, AU – Wingless V6 Sprint Cars
Volusia Speedway Park – Barberville, FL – World of Outlaws
Saturday February 18, 2017
Archerfield Speedway – Brisbane, AU – Winged 410 Sprint Cars
Baypark Speedway – Mt. Maunganui, NZ – Winged 410 Sprint Cars
Baypark Speedway – Mt. Maunganui, NZ – Wingless V6 Sprint Cars
Bunbury Speedway – Bunbury, AU – World Series Sprintcars
Bendigo Bank Arena – Latrobe, AU – Winged 410 Sprint Cars
Lismore Speedway – Lismore, AU – Midget Cars
Lismore Speedway – Lismore, AU – Wingless V6 Sprint Cars
Murray Bridge Speedway – Murray Bridge, AU – Speedcar Super Series
Murray Bridge Speedway – Murray Bridge, AU – Wingless V6 Sprint Cars
Rosedale Speedway – Rosedale, AU – Wingless V6 Sprint Cars
Ruapuna Speedway – Christchurch, NZ – Midget Cars
Ruapuna Speedway – Christchurch, NZ – Sprintcar War of the Wings
Ruapuna Speedway – Christchurch, NZ – Wingless V6 Sprint Cars
Southern Illinois Center – DuQuoin, IL – USAC – D2 Midget Cars
Simpson Speedway – Bungador, AU – Wingless V6 Sprint Cars
Stratford Speedway – Stratford, NZ – Winged 410 Sprint Cars
Sunline Speedway – Waikerie, AU – Sprintcar Allstars
Sunline Speedway – Waikerie, AU – Wingless V6 Sprint Cars
Valvoline Raceway – Sydney, AU – Ultimate Sprintcar Championship
Valvoline Raceway – Sydney, AU – Wingless V6 Sprint Cars
Volusia Speedway Park – Barberville, FL – World of Outlaws
Waikaraka Family Speedway – Auckland, NZ – Wingless V6 Sprint Cars
Western Speedway – Hamilton, AU – SRA – Eureka Sprint Car Series
Sunday February 19, 2017
New Smyrna Speedway – New Smyrna Beach, FL – Southern Sprintcar Shootout
Volusia Speedway Park – Barberville, FL – World of Outlaws
Question: I've seen some headlines about the bank stress tests in the past few weeks. I own a few bank stocks. What does this mean to me?
Answer: Remember how during the 2008 financial crisis many banks were being referred to as "too big to fail"? Well, the stress tests are designed to ensure that any bank that is too big to fail doesn't fail – under any circumstances.
The stress tests apply to all banks over a certain size. In 2017 and prior years, the threshold has been $50 billion in assets. Recent rollbacks of banking regulations have increased the threshold to $100 billion for 2018, and this will gradually rise to $250 billion over the coming years.
The tests are designed to discover what would happen to the nation's largest banks in the event of a severe global recession, which is defined as negative 7.5 percent GDP growth over seven quarters, 10 percent unemployment, a 65 percent drop in stock prices and a few other pretty terrible conditions.
For investors, aside from learning how well-capitalized each bank is, the most important thing the stress tests do is determine whether or not each bank's capital plan is approved by the Federal Reserve. In other words, these large banks (formally referred to as systemically important financial institutions, or SIFIs) need the Fed's approval before paying dividends or buying back shares with their capital.
Finally, it's important to mention that while there are minimum capital levels that need to be maintained under adverse conditions, there's no pass/fail threshold when it comes to the capital plans. In other words, it's entirely possible for a bank to pass the stress test and still have its capital plan rejected.
More: Banks clear Fed's doomsday stress test, but investors await word on their payouts
More: Why was General Electric removed from Dow Jones industrial average? Ask a Fool
More: Now that interest rates are rising, should I keep more money in cash? Ask a Fool
Recently have tightened lending standards for consumers.
AP
The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
The Motley Fool is a USA TODAY content partner offering financial news, analysis and commentary designed to help people take control of their financial lives. Its content is produced independently of USA TODAY.
Offer from the Motley Fool: Offer from The Motley Fool: The 10 best stocks to buy now
Motley Fool co-founders Tom and David Gardner have spent more than a decade beating the market. In fact, the newsletter they run, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the S&P 500!*
Tom and David just revealed their ten top stock picks for investors to buy right now.
Click here to get access to the full list!
*Stock Advisor returns as of June 4, 2018.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Eagles fall to Bethune-Bowman
The Scott's Branch High School /eagles fell Friday night to Bethune-Bowman by a final score of 72-40. Treyshawn Moore led the Eagles with 10 points, while Levontae Fleming followed with seven points. Daezhon Dingle had si points. Jimek weeks had three points, while Gabriel Oliver and Franklin Thompson each had two points.
Ken Draper (left) with his wife Leslie Draper (right) Draper Family
“They had a house rented and friends coming,” Gail told Dateline. “He loves that sort of stuff. He's a bit nerdy, loves science and stuff. It sounded like he was really looking forward to seeing it.”
Family members say Ken was stressed about work recently, but outside that, they told Dateline they don't believe anything else was troubling him.
The Corinth Police Department is investigating, but do not suspect foul play at this time. Officials believe Ken left on foot of his own free will. But Assistant Chief Greg Wilkerson told Dateline they are concerned for Ken's safety.
“We've tracked down every possible lead, but there has been nothing,” Wilkerson said. “We're hoping someone sees his picture and recognizes him, and calls us. And we can intervene or offer help to him if he needs it.”
Several searches have been conducted in and around the wooded areas surrounding the Draper home, according to officials. Little evidence has been located.
Whatever may be going on, Ken's family simply wants him home safe.
“It's just crazy. You think, ‘Did something happen?,'” Ken's sister-in-law Gail told Dateline. “We just want him to know we love him and we want him to come home. And to anyone who knows anything, he has a family and is very loved.”
Ken Draper is 53 years old and is described as 5'11” tall, weighing 165 lbs. with brown hair and blue eyes. Anyone with information regarding his whereabouts is urged to call the Corinth Police Department at (940) 349-1600.
With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy, it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry. But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone, consumers deci...
It's a painful truth to face, but that doesn't make it any less necessary.
The Fate of the Furious, the eighth installment in the racing-turned-heist-movie franchise, proves that it's time for Vin Diesel to hang up the wife-beater and say good-bye to audiences.
It's hard to keep long-running franchises fresh and relevant, and it's a skill that the Fast and Furious movies usually master, but Furious 8, despite being lots of fun, might be the first stumble, and it's fatal flaw is that there's an outsized focus on Dominic Toretto.
Part of that has to do with the death of Paul Walker, who was often the softer, more emotional partner. His presence as Brian O'Connor is sorely missed this time around. Without Brian as a grounding, brotherly foil, Dom feels even more one-dimensional and gruff. The film tries to use Letty to fill the Brian-sized gaps, but isn't an even trade.
Plus, audiences already know Dom in and out. What became frustratingly clear this time around, is that The Fate of the Furious should be the end of Dom's story, simply because there just isn't that much left to tell. He's back with Letty, he has a young son (spoiler alert!) and he's not running from the law anymore. Domesticity is calling, Dom. Hang up the Nos and take a breather.
In eight movies, we've gotten a fun tapestry of Dom's adventures and internal life, but Furious 8 makes you wonder what, if anything else, is left to mine? Even the best of friendships tend to stagnate over time.
Despite switching up locations (this we're in New York and Cuba) the film returns to many well-worn franchise themes, like family and loyalty, but instead of feeling comforting and nostalgic, they feel tired and exhausted. After 8 movies, we know these characters love each other beyond reason, and while it's fun to watch our old friends chase down a nuclear sub, there isn't very much new material to delve into. Plus, the outsize focus on Dom leaves little time to see what Ramsey, Tej and the others have been up to.
But, there is a bright spot. The franchise's biggest strength has been it's willingness to embrace new characters and bring them into the fold. When Dom's crew takes someone in, audiences also open their hearts and wallets to their story.
The best parts of Furious 8 happen when Dom isn't on screen. So much of the fun of the original movies was watching Dom and Brian go head-to-head. Their push-and-pull dynamic brought out new angles to each character, which, when combined with huge car crashes, made for rewarding viewing.
In Furious 8, that mantle is gleefully being taken up by The Rock's Luke Hobbs and Jason Statham's Owen Shaw. The duo positively crackle on screen, making you wonder from minute to minute if they're going to start throwing punches or start making out.
Their budding friendship is clearly trying to set them up as Dom and Brian 2.0, and it's a brilliant move. For the buddy-comedy aspect of Fast and Furious to work, you need, well, a buddy.
The heartbreaking truth is that Dom lost that. Without Brian, he's a straight man without someone to play off against. Hobbs and Shaw are able to re-create that little bit of magic. Think about their coordinated breakout from jail, and their willingness to set aside past grievances to lift heavy objects together. Plus, there's so much potential in the two characters' backstories. How come Hobbs is a single father? Why do Owen and Deckard have such a strained relationship? And what's the deal with the matriarch (Helen Mirren) of the Shaw family crime syndicate?
With so much good material waiting in the wings, it would be a shame to try and stretch Dom's story past it's logical conclusion. Give Dom the same happy ending in the vein of Brian and Mia. After a life on violence and on the run, let him and Letty drive off in a fancy car, into the sunset, ready for some stability and peace. We'd all be better off for it.
ALBANY, N.Y. (CBSNewYork/AP) — A new poll released Monday shows New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo holding big leads over two potential Republican challengers and “Sex and the City” star Cynthia Nixon, who declared her run to challenge the Democrat as he seeks a third term in office.
I love New York, and today I'm announcing my candidacy for governor. Join us: https://t.co/9DwsxWW8xX pic.twitter.com/kYTvx6GZiD — Cynthia Nixon (@CynthiaNixon) March 19, 2018
“I love New York, and today I'm announcing my candidacy for governor,” Nixon said via Twitter.
Her campaign fundraising website declares the former “Sex and the City” actor “…hasn't been bought and paid for by special interests and won't be accepting any corporate contributions in this campaign. Instead our campaign will be powered by the people.”
The Siena College poll found that registered voters in New York state prefer Cuomo over Dutchess County Executive Marc Molinaro by 57 percent to 29 percent. They also favor Cuomo over state Sen. John DeFrancisco, of Syracuse, 57 percent to 28 percent, according to the poll.
Democrats overwhelmingly favor Cuomo over Nixon, a potential primary challenger, by 66 percent to 19 percent.
Nixon, a 51-year-old gay liberal activist, is a supporter of New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio, a fellow Democrat who often clashes with Cuomo on a variety of issues.
According to Siena pollster Steven Greenberg, Nixon “is far from a household name in New York, though she is better known than either Molinaro or DeFrancisco.”
Molinaro plans to formally kick off his campaign April 2, several weeks after he began getting the support of local GOP leaders upon telling them he was running. Republicans are expected to select a candidate at their state convention in May.
Cuomo's favorability rating slipped slightly from the previous month, with 52 percent of voters saying they had a favorable view of the governor compared to 40 percent who were unfavorable. A February Siena poll had Cuomo's favorability rating at 53 percent, down from 62 percent the previous month.
The poll of 772 registered voters was conducted March 11-16. The poll has a margin of error of 4 percentage points.
(© Copyright 2018 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
A woman suspected of trying to abduct a child from hospitals in North and South Carolina has been arrested, authorities said.
Linda Mae Everett, 36, was arrested on April 17 in High Point on four warrants issued by Hanover Regional Medical Center Police after she allegedly visited neonatal units at hospitals across the Carolinas earlier this month possibly in attempts to abduct a child, The Fayetteville Observer reports.
Everett, who faces three counts of felony breaking and entering and one count of misdemeanor larceny, was identified in an April 13 bulletin by the North Carolina Information Sharing and Analysis Center advising law enforcement agencies that she entered the New Hanover Regional Medical Center on April 5.
Spokeswoman Carolyn Fisher said Everett entered the Betty H. Cameron Women's & Children's Hospital and walked into treatment areas without proper authorization. Hospital staffers then alerted police.
“She was just in an area that she shouldn't have been,” Fisher told The Post Tuesday.
No patients were injured or endangered during the incident, officials said. Investigators soon later linked Everett to the attempted abductions and issued the warrants for her arrest.
Fisher declined to answer just how many babies Everett allegedly tried to take.
By Todd Starnes
Moriah Bridges wanted to thank God for His immeasurable blessings on Beaver High School's graduating class. But she could not, because she was told it was against the law.
The Pennsylvania teenager wanted to offer thanksgiving to the Almighty for parents and coaches and teachers. But again, she could not, because she was told it was against the law.
Click here to for a free subscription to Todd's newsletter: a must-read for Conservatives!
“Make us selfless. Make us just. Make us successful people, but more than that, make us good people,” Moriah wanted to pray. But that too, was determined to be unlawful.
This is the America – the land of the free, the home of the brave. But it is also a place where a young teenager girl is not permitted to mention the name of Jesus Christ or anything remotely religious in a graduation speech at a public high school.
Moriah Bridges, a member of the 2017 graduating class, was asked to provide what they call the closing exercise at Beaver High School's graduation on June 2.
She crafted a lovely prayer that mentioned her “Heavenly Father” and her “Lord.”
“Lord, surround us with grace and favor everywhere we go,” she prayed. “Soften our hearts to teach us love and compassion, to show mercy and grace to others the way that you showed mercy and grace to us, even to the ultimate sacrifice. Help us love our brothers and our sisters deeply. Lead us to bless them.”
Click here for an autographed copy of Todd's new book - a handbook on patriotism – called The Deplorables Guide to Making America Great Again.
Unfortunately, Moriah was not permitted to deliver that prayer – thanks to the Beaver Area School District.
On May 31, the district notified the teenager that her prepared remarks were unlawful, unconstitutional, and therefore, impermissible.
A new crime lab is under construction for the San Diego Sheriff Department.
After a man's murder in Lemon Grove was solved 31 years later, San Diego Sheriff Bill Gore explained how rapid advancements in DNA testing has helped solve cases in ways that used to be unfathomable.
“Before it was from your blood or semen, you think of the violent crimes, now we're solving a lot of property crimes by getting DNA from the steering wheel of a stolen car, from a fingerprint on a broken window, that type of thing," said Gore.
With modern technology, it's now possible for law enforcement to look back at cases that span decades and discover new DNA samples, in areas that weren't accessible before.
A few decades ago, Gore said they would not have even considered getting DNA from some of the places they can now.
In November 2004, voters passed Proposition 69, the "DNA Fingerprint, Unsolved Crime and Innocence Protection Act,' that allowed police to collect DNA samples from suspects arrested in California. Gore explained how that new legislation has greatly expanded their database of DNA.
“When we started at our database in California, known DNA specimens were about a quarter of a million. Now it's about two and a half million," said Gore.
“You match that new technology, that ability to get new DNA from smaller and smaller specimens with a big database to compare it against and you start solving these old cases," said Gore.
Still, regardless of how advanced the technology has become, Gore reminded NBC 7 that it wouldn't be possible to crack all these cases without hard work and dedication.
“You can't say enough about the cold case homicide team that we have, that takes the time to go through these old files," said Gore.
Just because a case hasn't been solved for decades doesn't mean the suspect won't ever be caught.
“These homicide cases unsolved, they don't go away, we don't close them and put them aside," added Gore. "And now we have the manpower to go through and start doggedly going through these old cases, looking at maybe incomplete, and investigations that wasn't done.”
“It's a matter of a lot of elbow grease from a lot of really good detectives and using the technology we have at our fingertips now," said Gore.
The devil is in the details. Next week's “Treehouse of Horror” episode of “The Simpsons” is all-about “The Exorcist,” featuring the voices of Ben Daniels — who co-stars as Father...
Only a fool or a brave soul would think of making a TV series out of the 1973 film “The Exorcist.” Perhaps the scariest movie ever made, its portrayal of...
Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
A portable device common in optometrists' offices may hold the key to faster diagnosis of schizophrenia, predicting relapse, and symptom severity and assessing treatment effectiveness, according to a new study.
In the study, which appears in the Journal of Abnormal Psychology, researchers used RETeval, a hand-held device developed to record electrical activity from the retina, to replicate and extend prior studies showing that people with schizophrenia had abnormal electrical activity in the retina. This was the first time a portable device was used for these tests.
“…[we're] closing in on an accurate test that is faster, less invasive, inexpensive, and more accessible to patients.”
The results show the device accurately indicated reduced electrical activity in the retina in multiple cell layers in the participants who had schizophrenia, including in cell types that had not been studied before in this disorder.
“Schizophrenia is a devastating disorder, probably the most disabling disorder long term. Although we know quite a bit about it, it's still not that well understood,” says Steven Silverstein, professor of psychiatry at the Robert Wood Johnson Medical School at Rutgers University and director of research at the university's Behavioral Health Care (UBHC), who designed the study. “Our study should help generate further research into developing a test that clinicians—like psychologists, psychiatrists, or nurses—can use in their offices to diagnose, treat, and monitor the condition of people with schizophrenia.”
Looking at biomarkers in the eye as a way to understand psychiatric disorders is a new field of study.
“Since the retina is part of the nervous system, what is happening in the retina is likely reflective of what is occurring in the brain,” Silverstein says. “For example, we know that certain changes in the retina, like thinning tissue [due to cell loss] or weakening electrical activity, occur alongside loss of brain tissue and reduced brain activity in patients with neurological disorders like multiple sclerosis and Parkinson's disease.
“We and other researchers are now investigating whether retinal changes are related to brain structure and function changes in schizophrenia.”
In the study, the researchers evaluated 50 participants: 25 with schizophrenia and 25 with no diagnosed psychiatric disorder. In the test, the participants closed one eye and placed the other against the RETeval device, which flashed 10 to 20 white or colored lights of various intensity against a white or colored background.
Researchers placed a tiny skin electrode on the skin under the eye to record the retina's electrical activity. They tested the participants in normal light and after sitting in the dark for 10 minutes to assess activity in different types of retinal cells. Most participants completed individual tests within two minutes.
“Since many of our participants were experiencing severe psychiatric symptoms, such as hallucinations and delusions, we wanted to use a test that was as noninvasive and quick as possible,” Silverstein says.
“While the portable device clearly distinguished people with schizophrenia from those without a psychiatric diagnosis, it's too soon to call this a diagnostic tool,” says lead author Docia Demmin, a doctoral student in psychology department at Rutgers University.
“However, since every prior study has found that people with schizophrenia exhibit reduced retinal wave forms and slowed retinal responses, our research shows that [we're] closing in on an accurate test that is faster, less invasive, inexpensive, and more accessible to patients.”
Source: Rutgers University
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine Pause
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
0:57 CMPD video: Police chief responds to immigration enforcement concerns
0:55 Immigrants protest ICE raids
2:13 What does U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement do?
2:27 Thelma Lou turns 90
1:17 Hornets, Lowes unveil refurbished teachers' lounge at Steele Creek Elementary
2:22 Levine Museum exhibit seeks understanding of protests
KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia (AP) — The Asian Football Confederation has banned 15 current or former players for life for match-fixing.
They are among 22 people from Laos and Cambodia issued with life bans by the AFC disciplinary committee for manipulating matches involving Laos national teams and club side Lao Toyota. The banned players represented Laos or Lao Toyota.
The AFC says its match-fixing investigation is ongoing so "specific details including the relevant matches will not be disclosed." The regional governing body wants FIFA to extend the bans globally.
Dale Earnhardt Jr. is known for his awesomely unique helmet designs, which usually include some type of skeleton or skull.
The No. 88 Chevrolet driver – who is retiring from full-time racing at the end of the season – was asked about the different designs of his helmets during his press conference at Charlotte Motor Speedway on Friday, ahead of the Bank of America 500 on Sunday.
His explanation was pretty funny and quintessential Dale Jr. But it also goes way back to his early NASCAR racing days.
He said:
“When I started racing in the XFINITY Series in '98 or '99, I think, we started getting helmets from Nick Pastura. And he used to paint backdrops for rock and roll tours like Guns N' Roses and so forth, so I figured he could paint a mean skull. So, I just told him to put something on the back that would make everybody think I'm a little crazy and make all those drivers wonder about me. And we just never have changed the theme. I don't know what else I'd put on there anyway. “I think it was more about, ‘Hey Nick, you just have fun with this and do whatever you want to do. I like skulls and pirates and all that good stuff. So, just have fun with it.' And he just does something new every time. And he's done an amazing job. I think he paints for Kevin Harvick and a few other guys in the past and Martin Truex, Jr. in the past too. “So it's always fun to see what he comes up with. And he's got a really cool helmet for Homestead that I'm excited about. I won't usually do too many one-off helmets, and we usually use the same one all year. But I'm excited about that one for the end of the season.”
Monday turned out to be a busy day for the Giants, who added players to fill slots on the depth chart. In addition to landing wide receiver Cody Latimer, they signed Josh Mauro, a defensive end from the Cardinals, re-signed defensive end Kerry Wynn and signed cornerback B.W. Webb.
Mauro joins linebacker Kareem Martin in coming to the Giants from Arizona, where new Giants defensive coordinator James Bettcher ran the defense the past three years. Mauro figures to challenge for a starting spot as an end in Bettcher's three-man defensive line, as the front office adds pieces to improve the run defense.
“It's shoot first, ask questions later,” Mauro told the Giants website, describing Bettcher's defense. “It is an offensive defense. I like to play that type of way, just getting off the rock, being explosive, just causing mayhem in the backfield. There are a lot of pieces that really fit that type of style, that type of mold. I think it's going to be very effective.”
Alberta veterinarians have taken issue with proposed provincial government legislative changes that they say were made without consultation and that they fear will negatively affect animal care and welfare.
The changes include the option for veterinary practices to advertise their fees, a requirement that they disclose all fees before treating pets and that they acquire customer consent before undertaking treatment or procedures.
Bill 31, A Better Deal for Consumers and Businesses Act, was introduced for debate two weeks ago and is up for third reading this week, after which the session adjourns.
ADVERTISEMENT
Changes for veterinarians were included in the wide-ranging bill, which also addressed ticket scalpers, automotive repairs and high-cost credit businesses.
The Alberta Veterinary Medical Association (ABVMA) called on Service Alberta Minister Stephanie McLean to withdraw the bill's amendments to the Veterinary Profession Act.
Dr. Phil Buote, deputy registrar and complaints director for the ABVMA, said the legislation is not needed, some of the changes duplicate what veterinarians already do and some of them have potential to reduce the quality of pet care.
“We see it as an intrusion, we view it as unnecessary and we see it as an overreach with no justification into the ABVMA's privilege, if you will, and or authority granted under this legislation,” said Buote.
“We have been presented with no evidence that the ABVMA has not appropriately discharged its duties. We have been undertaking all of our obligations responsibly and in the interest of protecting the public, and so we have no reason why the government would say we need to do this to your legislation without involving you in the process to try to improve things.”
ADVERTISEMENT
Service Alberta undertook a public consultation about treatment of consumers this summer with an online survey and several open-house events. That process revealed some customers' desires for posted veterinary fees and cost estimates on pet care before treatment is provided.
In a statement, McLean said Bill 31 addressed those concerns.
“We have also heard from ordinary Albertans who told us they want to be better informed when looking for veterinary services for their pets. That's why we're proposing reasonable new rules requiring fee disclosers that are in line with other provinces, like British Columbia and Ontario.”
McLean also said the changes apply to treatment of dogs, cats and other domestic pets to be specified, and do not involve veterinary treatment of livestock.
On the advertising issue, Buote said the council of the ABVMA has discussed whether to allow veterinarians to advertise their fees, but there are restrictions because it is difficult to accurately predict costs until the pet has been examined and its needs identified.
ADVERTISEMENT
“In addition, there is a concern that certain members may take advantage of a competitive marketplace that's driven by fees that would … lower the standards of care.
“There's only so many ways that a service can be delivered at a cheaper cost and that is to start cutting corners where perhaps the proper drugs for something like pain control, or the use of unregistered untrained (personnel), can result in a lowering of the quality of care provided and impact animal health and welfare.”
Bill 31 would require customer approval of treatment with exceptions in cases of emergency.
Buote said veterinarians are now required to obtain approval for treatment including emergencies, so the bill's provisions are actually a downgrade.
The minister said changes in the bill were made after consultation with veterinarians, but Buote disputed that assertion.
He said a Nov. 2 letter and a Nov. 10 phone call to the ABVMA provided no indication that legislation was pending. On Nov. 28 it was advised that legislation would be tabled the following day.
“We found ourselves in a position of requesting, at that late hour, to even see a draft copy of the proposed amendments, which was denied.”
ADVERTISEMENT
Buote said the association falls under the department of labour and it had a good relationship with Labour Minister Christina Gray.
“We don't have clarity as to why the ministry of Service Alberta has been able to make these proposed amendments and we have not been consulted even from our own minister,” he said.
Tina Fais, press secretary for McLean, said the ABVMA remains under the labour department, but Bill 31 is a broader strategy aimed at consumer protection.
Portions of the bill pertaining to veterinarians were the subject of lengthy discussion in the legislature Dec. 4.
Dr. Richard Starke, MLA for Vermilion-Lloydminster and a member of the ABVMA though not in active practice, said the bill is an attack on the veterinary profession.
“It's a little bit offensive when our proud profession is lumped in with ticket scalpers, curbers and loan sharks, Mr. Speaker, but that's what this bill does,” said Starke.
He said consultation on the bill was lacking and the bill essentially strips the profession of the privilege of self-governance. Starke added that he had received hundreds of emails from ABVMA members since details of the bill became known, many of them stating the proposals were invasive and infuriating.
Contact barb.glen@producer.com
Britain's youngest Euromillions winner says she is going to sue lottery bosses for ‘ruining' her life.
Jane Park, who was 17 when she scooped £1 million with her first ever ticket, said: “I thought it would make it 10 times better but it's made it 10 times worse. I wish I had no money most days.”
Jane, now 21, added she had become bored of relentless consumption and felt like it failed to offered long-term genuine happiness.
Before winning the lottery, Jane, who now owns two properties, worked as an admin temp for £8 an hour and lived in a small flat with her mum in Edinburgh.
She told the Sunday People: “I thought it would make it 10 times better but it's made it 10 times worse. I wish I had no money most days. I say to myself, ‘My life would be so much easier if I hadn't won'.”
“People look at me and think, ‘I wish I had her lifestyle, I wish I had her money.' But they don't realise the extent of my stress.
“I have material things but apart from that my life is empty. What is my purpose in life?”
“I think 18 should be the minimum age for winning the lottery, at the least. The current age of 16 is far too young.”
Camelot, which runs EuroMillions in the UK, appointed an adviser to help Ms Park deal with her newly accumulated wealth, but she said it was family advice that helped her keep her spending in check.
She added: “I've read about other lottery winners who've just blown it all and I can totally see how it can be done.
“I was stuck in front of a financial adviser who was using words like investment bonds. I had no clue what they meant.”
“It's scary how different my life is from my friends'. When they say they're stressed about the money they mean their wages are s***,” she said.
“There's no one in the same boat as me, no one who really understands. I feel like I'm a 40-year-old.”
A spokesperson for Camelot said: “Following her win, Jane received extensive support from Camelot. A dedicated winners' adviser visited Jane at home to pay out her prize, arrange private banking and support her through the publicity when she chose to share news of her win.
“An independent financial and legal panel was set up shortly after her win and we put Jane in touch with another winner who won at the same age, to share their experience and help Jane adjust to the win.
“We keep in contact with all major winners for as long as they wish and have been in touch with Jane from time to time since her win to offer ongoing support.
“Of course, it is always up to the winners themselves as to whether they want to take us up that ongoing support and advice – but the door is always open and we will continue to support Jane in any way we can if that is what decides she wants.”
Camelot said the minimum age limit to play the lottery was an issue for Parliament to deal with.
Bryan Bedder/Getty Images(NEW YORK) — Valerie Jarrett, a onetime adviser to former President Barack Obama, wants to turn a racist tweet aimed at her by Roseanne Barr into “a teaching moment,” she said.
Just hours after ABC canceled Barr's show “Roseanne” over what the TV network's entertainment division president Channing Dungey called an “abhorrent, repugnant” post by the actress and comedian, Jarrett said Tuesday during an MSNBC town hall on “Everyday Racism in America, “I'm fine.”
“First of all, I think we have to turn it into a teaching moment,” she said.
Barr, 65, took to Twitter early Tuesday morning, writing that Jarrett would be the result if the “Muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby.” Barr later removed the tweet and issued an apology for her “stupid tweet.”
Within 12 hours, however, the Disney Co.'s ABC canceled Barr's hit show that premiered March 27 and was watched by a stunning 27 million viewers.
Jarrett, 61, said Bob Iger, chief executive of ABC's parent company, Disney, called her before the announcement was made to apologize.
“He said he had zero tolerance for that sort of racist, bigoted comment and he wanted me to know before he made it public that he was canceling [Barr's] show and so I appreciate that they did that so swiftly,” Jarrett said.
Jarrett, who was born in Iran to American parents and raised in the United States, had been the target of false allegations that she practiced Islam during her tenure in the Obama administration.
“I'm worried about all the people out there who don't have a circle of friends and followers who came to their defense,” Jarrett said at the town hall.
Without mentioning Barr's friendship to President Donald Trump, Jarrett implied that controversial comments from the sitting president, which have included name-calling and belittling critics on Twitter, have emboldened some of his supporters to follow his lead.
“The tone does start at the top, and we like to look up to our president and feel as though he reflects the values of our country,” she said. “But I also think every individual citizen has a responsibility too, and it's up to all of us to push back. Our government is only going to be as good as we make it be.”
Jarrett noted that the brouhaha over Barr's tweet came on the same day that 175,000 Starbucks employees were undergoing implicit-bias training that stemmed from an incident in April in which two African-American men were arrested at a Philadelphia Starbucks for occupying a table without making a purchase. Trespassing charges against the men were later dropped and the top leaders of Starbucks and the Philadelphia police commissioner apologized to them.
Jarrett urged Americans to talk about “those ordinary examples of racism that happen every single day.”
While social media can be a positive tool, she said, “it can also dehumanize because it's distant.”
“You don't have to look at the faces you're attacking,” she added.
ABC News is a division of the Disney Co.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Firefighters extinguish a Friday afternoon fire southeast of Greenfield that destroyed three sheds, vehicles and other valuable items.
On Friday, December 1, several fire departments were dispatched to a rural structure fire at a shop owned by Derek King, located at 175 Dunn Lane, Greenfield.
According to Greenfield Fire Chief Bob Dudley, the fire call was received at 1:08 p.m. and Greenfield firefighters were on the scene at 1:15 p.m. and immediately began dousing the flames.
“When we arrived, two storage buildings were already destroyed and a shop was approximately 80 percent involved,” Chief Dudley said. “A five-acre sage field was also ablaze,” he added.
Chief Dudley stated mutual aid was provided by Bradford, Sharon and Pillowville fire departments, which all used their tankers to transport water to the rural location. Other agencies dispatched during the emergency included the Tennessee Forestry Division, Weakley County Ambulance Service and Weakley County Electric System.
“The total damage is estimated at $25,000,” Chief Dudley said.
(See compete story in Dec. 6th issue of the Dresden Enterprise.)
Image caption Sir Kyffin Williams died in 2006, aged 88
The first of a series of events to mark 100 years since the birth of Sir Kyffin Williams will get underway on Saturday.
An exhibition at Oriel Mon, in the artist's hometown of Llangefni, Anglesey, starts on Saturday and runs until 1 July.
Oriel Mon is home to more than 400 of Williams' paintings and works.
Sir Kyffin, who died aged 88 in September 2006, is widely regarded as the defining artist of Wales during the 20th century.
Further events will take place throughout the year across Wales, as well as in London and China.
Image copyright National Library of Wales Image caption Farmer on the Mountain - Sir Kyffin Williams
Whether this crop of twentysomething pros is better than earlier incarnations is open to debate. But put it this way: the gap is closing
The Kids Are All Right Justin Thomas' PGA win another milestone in a new golden era Whether this crop of twentysomething pros is better than earlier incarnations is open to debate. But put it this way: the gap is closing
CHARLOTTE – I've been slow to warm up to the idea that today's best young players are collectively better than those of the past. But I'm getting there.
The hesitancy is built on the suspicion that the insistent “we've never seen kids like these” drumbeat is strongly motivated by golf's desperation to capture more millennials. I also don't necessarily buy the notion that basic evolution automatically insures that athletes in all sports will simply keep getting better.
In golf, it's arguable that advances in technology – which facilitates a power game more conducive to young bodies and which can be effective while lacking old-school nuance - have actually eroded skills and technique. And that the exponential jump in prize and endorsement money could be dulling motivation.
For all the talk about the specialness of current crop of youngsters, the fact is that players – individually and collectively - being world beaters in their twenties is nothing new. Gary Player won four majors before he turned 30, Jack Nicklaus won six, and Tiger Woods won 10. And in the 1970s, a group led by Tom Watson, Johnny Miller, Lanny Wadkins, Jerry Pate and Seve Ballesteros together won 12 majors in their twenties. Indeed, in the first half of the last century, primes were reached earlier out of economic necessity.
With 24-year-old Justin Thomas's victory at the PGA Championship, today's crop of twentysomethings, led by Rory McIlroy's four and Jordan Spieth's three, now have 10 majors between them. But because it will be awhile before most of them turn 30, the group might be primed to rack up some unprecedented numbers.
Pinterest Getty Images
While McIlroy (28) and Jason Day (29) are a bit stalled, Spieth (24) is back on a historic track with his victory at Royal Birkdale. Thomas, with four victories this year (as well as a 59 at the Sony and the only nine-under-par 63 in U.S. Open history), now has the edge on Player of the Year honors. Meanwhile, Brooks Koepka (27) won the U.S. Open, Hideki Matsuyama (25) is No. 2 in the world, and Jon Rahm (22) is a rising force who will get better as he learns to reign in his emotions.
Meanwhile, the poster boy for the glamour, poise and likability of the new Young Guns, Rickie Fowler (28), keeps quietly plying his trade. At Quail Hollow he demonstrated more controlled ball-striking and a veteran's calm demeanor, bouncing back from a dispiriting finish on Saturday to close with a 67 and earn his seventh top five in a major. Fowler's challenge is to find the delicate balance between maintaining the aggression that ignites his prodigious talent and avoiding the mistakes that too often put double bogeys on his card.
Professional golfers are reaching the intersection of physical ability and emotional maturity that identifies the playing prime sooner than their predecessors.
Thomas appeared to be in the seemingly early stages of a similar search. Nine major starts prior to the PGA had resulted in only one top 10, a T-9 at Erin Hills, where he closed with 75 after his 63 left him a shot off the 54-hole lead.
Few doubted that the 150-pound Thomas possessed something special physically, especially an ability to wield his driver with a near-optimum combination of high launch and low spin that many considered model technique for modern power golf. But in the biggest moments on the hardest courses, he had not yet displayed the nuance and grit to, as Jack Nicklaus says, “do it when it has to be done.”
But at Quail Hollow, Thomas suddenly grew up, and especially in the final round. He was fortunate when his birdie putt on the 10th hole dropped after hanging on the lip for a full 10 seconds, and when his chip shot from across the green on the 13th found the hole for another birdie.
Pinterest Stuart Franklin/Getty Images Justin Thomas and Rickie Fowler pose with the Wanamaker Trophy after Thomas won the 2017 PGA Championship at Quail Hollow Club.
But then, with the championship abruptly in his hands, Thomas understandably wavered. Poor irons on 14th and 15th kept him from capitalizing on Quail Hollow's best opportunities for birdies, and then, at the beginning of the ominous Green Mile on the par-4 16th, another missed iron approach rolled into the front of a greenside bunker. Having to cover an awkward 30 yards to a back pin, Thomas improvised exceptional sand shot to 10 feet, and then made the biggest putt of his life. The resultant lift produced his pure 7-iron tee shot over water on the frightening par-3 17th, setting up another clutch putt or the birdie that gave him a safe three-stroke lead for the dangerous home hole.
Afterward, Thomas seemed most proud of how he grinded out a 69 on Saturday when his swing was off (“probably won me the tournament,” he said), and how he avoided a single three-putt for four rounds on Quail Hollow's super-slick and often baffling greens.
The performance drew praise from Nicklaus, who over the last two years has occasionally counseled Thomas. “I thought his patience was fantastic,” the Golden Bear wrote on Instagram. “He managed his game well. I knew he had the ability and the talent, and all he had to do was get the discipline, and believe that he could get it done. He certainly had the discipline this week.”
Given what Thomas and other players in their early twenties are doing, it could very well be that professional golfers are reaching the intersection of physical ability and emotional maturity that identifies the playing prime sooner than their predecessors. Conventional wisdom used to maintain the sweet spot was usually reached in the early-to-mid thirties (world No. 1 Dustin Johnson is 33). But earlier entry into professional golf, better instruction, and higher motivation to be part of an increasingly lucrative sport means golfers are reaching professional proficiency faster.
Still, it's hard to say that today's twenties somethings are definitely better than those of the past. Johnny Miller, who frequently braves “our era was better” territory, thinks that golf used to require a deeper dive into craft, which lengthened the learning curve.
“There are more good players now, and with all the advances, it's a good time to be a pro golfer,” Miller said in January after Thomas shot his 59 in Hawaii. “But I don't think I'm living in the past to say it used to be harder to be good.”
Perhaps Miller is right. But today's Young Guns are still better than I thought.
WATCH: GOLF DIGEST VIDEOS
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) — Indianapolis Mayor Joe Hogsett will dedicate a new agency Monday morning.
The Reuben Engagement Center is designed to help people with mental health and addiction problems.
It's on Market Street near College Avenue.
The center's goal is to connect those in need with treatment.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Email
Print
More
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading...
By KENNETH DEL VECCHIO
The Robert Mueller special counsel investigation is rotten at its core, given that it was initiated with a specious cause: to investigate alleged illegal collusion between the Donald Trump presidential campaign and “Russians” to interfere with the 2016 presidential election. While Mueller, his staff, Rod Rosenstein and others may have had a good faith belief in rumors that personnel from the Trump campaign had such dealings (and therefore believed an investigation was warranted), the rumors were riddled with wild innuendo, substantial ambiguity, and political animus.
The totality of these distasteful issues, coupled with wholly insufficient evidence, should have resulted in a decision to stop the special counsel investigation before it started. The investigation is not only a gross misuse of tens of millions of tax dollars, but it has damaged many innocent persons lives. And it has been a persistent, unnecessary albatross wrapped around the neck of America and its international reputation.
Wrongful legal conclusions have abounded, causing a daytime TV-like melodrama which, daily, delivers one silly pundit analysis after another. There has been a serious misunderstanding of the law – by not only the media and politicos, but also by many purported legal minds – regarding the core of the special counsel investigation. Here is the legal truth:
There is nothing illegal in American companies doing business in Russia, with Russian citizens, and/or the Russian government.
There is nothing illegal in American political candidates receiving campaign contributions from Russians.
There is nothing illegal in American political candidates colluding with Russians to defeat an opposing American political candidate. The act of “collusion”, meaning “working together”, is not unlawful – unless the parties are colluding to commit a crime, such as bank fraud, identity theft, computer hacking and/or one of hundreds of criminal offenses.
Special Counsel Mueller understands all of this. The man is both highly intelligent and highly experienced.
The massive flaw with the investigation, beyond the fact that it never should have begun, is that it clearly appears that there has no been no credible evidence whatsoever found to demonstrate that Donald Trump and/or any person associated with his campaign colluded to commit a crime with any Russian national. Given such, the investigation should be terminated immediately, as substantial time has passed with no results corroborating the dubious basis for its launch.
More so, there has only been minimal information regarding Trump campaign personnel dealings with Russians in any matters. If a prosecutor is scratching to find criminal conduct, he may look to lawful dealings to determine if there may have been illicit conduct beneath the legal activity. Such prosecutorial investigations, in layman's terms, are unfair, but in some cases are permissible. It appears that Mueller has been looking at lawful dealings in an effort to attempt to locate unlawful acts. These lawful acts, according to all publicly available information, have not germinated into any evidence of illegal collusion between Trump and/or Trump staffers and Russians to influence the 2016 presidential election. Given such, at this stage, those who felt they had a good faith rationale for this special prosecutor investigation to occur, must realize that, in the interests of justice, the investigation should be immediately terminated.
Mueller and his team know that the Donald Trump Jr et al meeting with the Russian lawyer did not involve any acts of illegal collusion. They also know that Trump's purported desire to build a hotel in Russia – and all of the dealings that may have been involved with same – do not amount to any unlawful collusion whatsoever. They, of course, also are well aware of the Carter Page/FISA Warrant debacle, and that there obviously was no illegal activity connected to that matter—except, perhaps, by members of law enforcement. In totality, per their substantial legal acumen and experiences, they must realize that all roads do not lead to Trump and, in fact, none do; they must realize that there is no credible evidence that Trump and/or his campaign staff illegally colluded with Russians to interfere with the 2016 presidential election.
A caveat to the above is that media and, therefore, the public, may not know everything that Mueller Special Counsel investigators know. If there is credible evidence of unlawful collusion, the investigation has a just reason to continue. However, per the public information available (which is extensive, if not all-inclusive), it does not appear so. Accordingly, if such is the case, the warrant for Trump Organization documents should not have been issued, and the continuation of the investigation should cease immediately – to relieve taxpayers of this undue economic burden and to relieve America of the frustrating soap opera angst that travels daily with the investigation.
Notwithstanding the specious basis for the special counsel investigation, Rod Rosenstein and Robert Mueller indeed had the lawful authority to initiate it and carry forward with it. A few ancillary good indictments have flowed from it (the Russian nationals who committed identity theft and bank fraud). And now, they indeed have the authority to end the investigation. And, indeed, that is exactly what they should do.
Kenneth Del Vecchio, ESN publisher and editor-in-chief, is the author of some of the nation's best-selling legal books, including a series of criminal codebooks published by Pearson Education/Prentice Hall and ALM/New Jersey & New York Law Journal Books. He is a former judge, a former prosecutor and a practicing criminal/entertainment attorney for 23 years, wherein he has tried over 400 cases. Mr. Del Vecchio is also an acclaimed filmmaker who has written, produced and directed over 30 movies that star 100+ film and TV stars, including several Academy Award and Emmy winners and nominees. His films are distributed through industry leaders such as Sony Pictures, NBCUniversal, Cinedigm, and E-1 Entertainment. He has starred in numerous movies, as well. A best-selling political thriller novelist, he penned his first published novel at only 24-years-old. Additionally, Mr. Del Vecchio is the founder and chairman of Hoboken International Film Festival, called by FOX, Time Warner, and other major media “One of the 10 Biggest Film Festivals in the World.” A frequent legal and political analyst on networks such as Fox News Channel, Mr. Del Vecchio formerly served as the publisher and editorial page editor for a New Jersey daily newspaper.
COMMENTS DISABLED BY SITE.
YOU MAY, HOWEVER, COMMENT THROUGH FACEBOOK.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A BMW driver has been left with a written off car after a fire erupted in its engine.
The incident occurred around 2.30am in Wood Lane Close, Sonning Common , on Monday, August 14.
The car had been parked up for the night when the fire started.
A crew from Caversham Road fire station attended the blaze that started after an electrical fault in the engine bay.
Crew Manager James McGuinnity said: "The car is a write-off unfortunately.
"The driver was informed at his house.
"There was no danger to people or surrounding vehicles and everything was contained."
Four firefighters used breathing apparatus and a hose reel to tackle the blaze.
The fire had been put out after one hour.
No other emergency services were required.
Don't forget you can also keep up to date with the latest travel and traffic news via the free getreading app.
Download it for Apple devices here and Android devices here .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Much-needed temporary homes for people left living in bed and breakfasts are on the way after council bosses agreed a contractor to carry out the work.
The work in Lowfield Road, Caversham, will soon begin after Reading Borough Council's policy committee agreed to offer a contract to Morris & Blunt build the homes.
The work will see 28 temporary units built in the road which will consist of seven blocks of four units, as well as a children's play area.
The units are solely for the use of families currently living in bed and breakfasts.
Some families are currently forced to live as far away as Slough but neighbours close to the site have expressed fears the homes will attract "undesirable characters".
Morris & Blunt, which is already working with the council on a project to refurbish flats in Hexham Road in Whitley, hopes to complete the Caversham project by the end of the summer.
At the meeting, Cllr Richard Davies, lead member for housing, said: "These will provide much better accommodation than in bed and breakfasts and will be within the borough, which alleviate people's travel problems and getting children into school.
"I think this approach is the quickest route for us to be able to achieve what we want to achieve."
In this Sunday, March 18, 2018, photo, a one-horned rhinoceros stands inside the Pobitora Wildlife Sanctuary in Assam state, India. A tiny wildlife sanctuary in northeastern India has reported a jump in the number of one-horned rhinoceroses. Anupam Nath AP Photo
DURHAM, N.C. – A group of anti-white supremacy protesters tore down a Confederate monument Monday during a rally outside a North Carolina courthouse.
Amid chants of “No KKK, no fascist USA,” the group used a ladder and rope to pull down the monument. Several protestors then kicked and spit on the twisted statue as the crowd cheered, according to WNCN.
The protest was organized in response to the white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, Virginia over the weekend. Organizers of the Durham gathering told WNCN their goal was to “smash white supremacy.”
#Durham protesters continue their march downtown in an effort to "smash white supremacy" #Charlottesville pic.twitter.com/MKHjS3HrDT — Derrick Lewis (@DerrickQLewis) August 14, 2017
It's not the first time that the monument, which depicts a Confederate soldier with the words “In memory of the boys who wore the gray,” has been vandalized since it was erected in 1924.
In July, 2015, someone spray painted “Black Lives Matter” on the base of the monument.
For a chance to win N10,000 in cash in the NB Weekly Quiz, please review the NB Weekly magazine and answer the question that follows. The winner and runners-up will be selected at 12pm on the 19th of April 2017. Winner and runners-up will be displa...
If you were planning on going to Luminous Nights at the Toledo Zoo on Saturday to see the "Secret Life of Pets" you'll have to reschedule.
The Zoo posted on its Facebook page today saying the movie will now be shown next weekend.
Luminous Nights will still be open, it's just the movie that will not be playing.
Follow WTOL:
Download our app here.
Copyright 2017 WTOL. All rights reserved.
FAIRBORN — The American Association of University Professors' Wright State University chapter spotlighted the work of four professors in the Miami Valley region April 15 at the Dayton Metro Library. Through lively discussion, Miami Valley residents and faculty members explored “Why Does Dayton Need Wright State University?”
Panelists offered insights into their typical workday, which include teaching, research, participation in WSU's governance of academic concerns, and in many cases community service as board members or advisors in local non-profits and businesses. The forum panelists were Drs. Sarah Twill (Department of Social Work), Luther Palmer (Department of Electrical Engineering), Marie Thompson (Department of Communication) and Tom Rooney (Department of Biological Sciences). Dr. Sirisha Naidu (Department of Economics) moderated the event, and Dr. Carol Mejia-LaPerle (Department of English) offered closing comments.
“I visit local schools to encourage students, especially historically underrepresented minorities, to think differently a bout science and math,” said Palmer, exemplifing how research and teaching converge while serving the Dayton community.
A significant part of a university professor's job is invisible to the general populace, according to the panelists. Apart from teaching, they encourage student research, mentor students on possible careers and counsel them on achieving work-home-school life balance.
Dr. Sarah Twill stressed that while classroom teaching at an open enrollment university presented its challenges, she takes great pride in observing and playing a role in shaping her students' paths to becoming social workers. This sentiment was echoed by other panelists who shared how their classrooms serve as bridges with the community to prepare future professionals for Dayton and the Miami Valley.
Thompson illustrated that she and her students in her “Communication During Illness” class spent hours on weekends building a 6-foot-by-4-foot “Before I Die” wall on casters inspired by artist Candy Chang. Students displayed the wall in different parts of campus for two weeks, thus stimulating numerous conversations about end-of-life desires to live differently and more fully, and reach out to friends and family. The importance of sustaining world-class research at Wright State allows the transmission of cutting-edge knowledge in classrooms and will contribute to a higher quality of life, according to audience members and the speakers.
Panelists and audience members also traded thoughts on the importance of diversity in the programs offered at a public university to produce well-rounded graduates who can adapt to an ever-changing job market, and also contribute as local, national and global citizens. The forum concluded with a conversation about the value of strong public K-12 and higher education institutions, and the importance of their funding to maintain the vibrancy of Dayton and the Miami Valley.
DAYTON, Ohio (WDTN) – AAA has teamed up with more than 50 pizzerias across the Miami Valley to remind football fans of the dangers of drinking and driving ahead of the big game.
According to AAA officials, the goal of the campaign is to encourage drivers to think ahead and have a plan before the parties on Sunday. Stickers will appear on pizza boxes from more than 50 pizzerias this weekend reminding drivers to never get behind the wheel impaired and have a designated driver ready.
“We know that pizza and beer are a great combination, and we know a lot of folks will use pizza and beer as part of their Super Bowl celebration,” said Kara Hitchens, senior specialist with AAA.
The stickers also encourage people to dial #677 if they see a driver that may be impaired.
According to AAA, more than 300 people in Ohio were killed in alcohol-involved crashes last year.
For one local pizzeria manager, the campaign's message hits close to home.
“When I was a child. I lost my aunt and great-grandmother to a drunk driver,” said Tanya Knisley of LaRosa's Pizza. “So I think it affects a lot more people than you realize, especially when you are drunk and getting in your car.”
Ex Vice President Atiku Abubakar has reportedly had a meeting with PDP leaders over the upcoming 2019 elections. The Federal Government has blamed Former President, Goodluck Jonathan on the issues facing the country. The Npower assessment has been gi...
This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here
ERIN, Wis. – Remember when the U.S. Open used to be the greatest major championship in golf?
OK, maybe you never believed that, but those of you who did have a pretty strong argument for your golf brethren who thought the Masters or The Open were the best majors.
If you love the U.S. Open, you hate the suggestion that it's now the third or maybe even the fourth best major.
You hate how the PGA Championship is praised for having the best setup man in golf (Kerry Haigh) and how the USGA is criticized for having the most controversial (Mike Davis).
If you love the U.S. Open, you hate what has happened to the event's aura, how it has gone from a blue-chip golf property to a black-and-blue one.
You used to love how the USGA didn't seem to give a crap what players thought about its setups. You loved Sandy Tatum at the “Massacre at Winged Foot” in '74 saying that his organization wasn't trying to embarrass the best players in the game, but merely identify them. You loved how that attitude resonated through so many of the tough setups that followed.
You used to love it when players whined about the setup.
Now you find yourself sympathizing with them.
Now you cringe when you hear how the USGA is courting player opinions, trying to repair relationships among pros who have openly complained that the governing body is “run by a bunch of amateurs” and who have openly wondered if the PGA Tour ought to break off to set up its own set of rules.
You hated seeing respect for the USGA deteriorating with the event played on a dead moonscape at Chambers Bay two years ago and then again with the controversy that erupted over the Dustin Johnson ruling at Oakmont last year.
Tiger Woods, Rory McIlroy, Jordan Spieth and Rickie Fowler boldly took to Twitter to call out the USGA over its handling of the Johnson ruling.
U.S. Open: Tee times | Full coverage
Golf Digest wrote Wednesday that PGA Tour pros were so indignant about the way the USGA handled Johnson's rule issue that “there was talk if Dustin Johnson had lost because of the penalty that some players might have skipped this year's tournament.”
That's hard to believe, but, ouch!
If you love the U.S. Open, you had mixed feelings hearing Davis offer up a mea culpa Wednesday at Erin Hills on the eve of the 117th rendition of the championship.
“You would think something like what happened the last couple of years would affect just the championship department, maybe the rules department, but it affects the whole organization,” said Davis, the USGA's executive director. “By that, I mean that anytime your competency comes into question that affects the people doing our equipment testing, the agronomic people on the greens section, our people in dealing with the history of the game and helping to grow the game. So, of course, we want to avoid those things.”
Competency? Yes, he used that word, because there's no getting around how all the complaints about the USGA have added up to that harsh indictment.
Give Davis credit for the ruthless self-examination.
If you love the U.S. Open, there were mixed feelings listening to Davis, because there's hope in more than what he's acknowledging. There's hope in what he's doing, with the USGA on the offensive trying to correct the complex problems that have led to waning respect and credibility.
The USGA and R&A are breaking tradition trying to react more swiftly to problems now with quick solutions. We saw that in December, with the announcement of the new local rule that eliminates penalties when a ball is accidentally moved on a putting green.
We saw that in March, with the outline of a sweeping initiative to modernize and simplify the Rules of Golf.
We saw that last month, with the release of a new rules decision limiting the use of video evidence.
And we will see it at this U.S. Open, with the USGA revamping its rules officiating system as a reaction to what happened to Johnson at Oakmont. Instead of walking officials, the USGA is stationing officials at each hole this year, with Thomas Pagel serving as chief rules official “empowered to make instantaneous decisions.” There will also be video stations on the course that will allow officials to more quickly review rules issues that may arise.
“We think this will allow us to really expedite our rule-making process and be decisive in our communications, which were two things that perhaps we fell a little bit short last year,” said John Bodenhamer, the senior managing director of championships. “We really have learned a great deal.”
If you love the U.S. Open, there was hope in the unspoken theme to Wednesday's USGA news conference.
“Make the U.S. Open great again!”
That's the opportunity Erin Hills presents starting Thursday.
Davis and Co. could use quick confirmation that their work is paying off.
“We want a nice, smooth U.S. Open,” Davis said.
Good luck with that.
There's always been controversy in the U.S. Open. It's in the championship's DNA. It comes with trying to set up the toughest test in golf. It comes with pushing the envelope, taking shot-making challenges to the extreme.
Davis complicated all of that practically redefining the U.S. Open with his change in setup philosophy. He has remade the championship, redefining it as the “ultimate test of golf” instead of the “toughest test.”
Instead of making every U.S. Open about narrow fairways, chop-out rough and speedy greens, Davis has made it about adapting the challenge to the unique design of the particular golf course.
At Erin Hills, that means 50- and 60-yard wide fairways, penal fescue and rugged penal bunkering that will test shot making in typically windswept conditions.
In fairness to Davis, the U.S. Open is always the toughest championship to set up in golf, because it requires pushing the limits of fairness.
You may not like Davis' changes in the philosophy, but they are intelligently argued. It isn't the philosophy that's failed him. It has been the execution.
Trying to set up the ultimate test of golf has never been more difficult with advancements in equipment and ball technology making the game appear easier than it's ever been.
Davis practically handpicked Erin Hills.
This course looks like it could be his masterpiece, as championship setups go. Erin Hills could embody why his philosophy better showcases not only the all-around ability of the game's greatest players but the diverse nature of this country's best courses.
Or Erin Hills could be the final piece of evidence that his philosophy won't make the U.S. Open great again.
Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
Scientists have created a map of the learning and memory center of the fruit fly larva brain, which may one day lead to mapping how all animal brains work.
In a paper appearing in the journal Nature, the team report on drawing up the map, known as a “connectome.”
“It's an early step, but it's a step.”
The project could serve as a guide as scientists work their way up the animal kingdom and eventually chart connections among neurons in the brains of mammals. The part of the fruit fly larva brain used in the study corresponds roughly to the cerebral cortex in mammals.
“Nobody's ever done a complete connectome” before, other than for a roundworm brain with roughly 300 neurons, says Carey E. Priebe, a professor of applied mathematics and statistics in Johns Hopkins University's Whiting School of Engineering.
The portion of the fruit fly larva brain mapped in this project includes roughly 1,600 of the 10,000 neurons contained in a larva's entire brain. The adult fruit fly brain is comprised of roughly 100,000 neurons, and the leap in complexity to mammals is far greater still. At the top of the chain, the human brain contains 86 billion to 100 billion neurons.
For the new research, Priebe and Youngser Park, a computer scientist in the Whiting School's Center for Imaging Science, did a statistical analysis of connections among neurons that neuroscientists had found in the fruit fly larva brain using electron microscopy.
The Priebe and Park analysis reveals patterns of connections among the six types of neurons that had previously been misunderstood or were entirely unknown, contributing to a better understanding of how this portion of the fruit fly larva brain works. The challenge is roughly analogous to sorting out the relationships of all the parts of a complex electrical grid.
The new research focused strictly on the structural connections, leaving aside functional questions of how the connections are associated with particular behaviors. Those questions were taken up in research that Priebe and Park also worked on that appeared three years ago in the journal Science.
In that case, Priebe and Park helped identify 29 separate fruit fly larva behaviors, including crawling forward and backward, rolling, hunching up, and turning away from specific odors. The two men then mapped the neurons that trigger those actions.
While Priebe does not expect to see a complete synapse-level structural connectome for the human brain completed in his lifetime, he says the new work moves the effort a bit further along.
“It is a step,” Priebe says. “It's an early step, but it's a step.”
The National Science Foundation BRAIN EAGER award supported Priebe and Park in their work on this project.
Additional researchers contributing to this work are from the Howard Hughes Medical Institute Janelia Campus, Columbia University, University of Cambridge, University of Konstanz, Leibniz Institute for Neurobiology, Otto von Guericke University, and the Center for Behavioral Brain Sciences.
Source: Johns Hopkins University
Nationwide, the average American under age 65 is earning $31,738 per year, according to the Census Bureau's Current Population Survey. However, average income varies significantly by age, and a more useful comparison for determining your financial preparedness may be your contribution rate to savings accounts. Are you on track for financial security?
Continue Reading Below
Read on to learn Americans' average income by age, and how much average Americans are saving for their golden years.
IMAGE SOURCE: GETTY IMAGES.
Risky road ahead
Because averages can be deceiving, it's useful to consider average (mean) income and median income. As a quick refresher, the median is the exact midpoint of a range of data, so there's an equal likelihood of falling above it or below it.
As the following chart illustrates, our mean and median incomes start off low, build steadily into our 40s, and then begin declining up to and throughout our retirement:
Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT
IMAGE SOURCE: CENSUS BUREAU, CURRENT POPULATION SURVEY 2016.
If your income is above these figures, don't pat yourself on the back too quickly, because while the amount you earn has a big influence on retirement preparedness, an equally important figure is the percentage of income that you're saving. After all, a high income that's hardly saved at all won't guarantee financial security in the future.
An individual earning $40,000 per year over a forty-year career who saves 5% of his or her income annually, or $2,000, and earns a hypothetical 6% interest rate, would end up with a nest egg valued at $310,142.98. Meanwhile, someone earns $30,000 who saves 9% of his or her income annually, or $2,700, would end up with a significantly higher $417,857.31 set aside for retirement.
Therefore, it's most useful to focus on — rather than how your income stacks up — the percentage of your income you're saving compared to your peers.
According to Transamerica, the average American worker is contributing 8% of income to employer-sponsored retirement plans annually. Baby boomers are socking away 10% per year, while Generation X and millennials are saving 7% of their income per year.
Unfortunately, even at those contribution rates, average retirement savings levels suggest that many Americans will face a big gap between retirement income and retirement spending. Roughly 50% of baby boomers have saved less than $100,000 for retirement, and more than a third of baby boomers have saved less than $50,000, according to PwC's Employee Financial Wellness Survey.
Typically, it's recommended that individuals withdraw no more than 4% of their savings annually in retirement, so those nest eggs aren't likely to kick off much in the way of retirement income. As a result, millions of Americans will rely heavily on Social Security.
Currently, one quarter of married retired couples and 43% of singles count on Social Security for 90% or more of their annual income.
Since the average Social Security check is expected to be only $1,360 per month in 2017, that's a worrisome statistic. Even more concerning, however, is the fact that more money is being paid out in Social Security benefits than is being collected in payroll taxes. Because that's forcing the Social Security Administration to draw down its trust fund, recipients could face steep cuts to their benefits as early as 2034, says Social Security's board of trustees.
Getting back on track
Boosting income can obviously have a substantial benefit on your retirement savings. However, you can still make up ground by maxing out your contribution rate to your retirement plan, if a raise or job change isn't in the cards.
If your contribution rate is below average, then create a plan now to increase it. Even if your budget is too tight to increase your rate to double digits immediately, increasing it by 1% annually could get you on pace for success, without forcing you to make major changes to your lifestyle.
The $15,834 Social Security bonus most retirees completely overlook
If you're like most Americans, you're a few years (or more) behind on your retirement savings. But a handful of little-known “Social Security secrets” could help ensure a boost in your retirement income. For example: one easy trick could pay you as much as $15,834 more… each year! Once you learn how to maximize your Social Security benefits, we think you could retire confidently with the peace of mind we're all after.Simply click here to discover how to learn more about these strategies.
Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fool may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy.
By Music News Group
ABC/Randy HolmesLionel Richie is having a moment: He's on tour with Mariah Carey, he's rumored to be joining ABC's reboot of American Idol, and he just learned that he'll receive the Kennedy Center Honors later this year. He says that he's “so proud” of that last bit of news.
“There are some things in life where it catches you so far off guard,” he tells the Atlanta Journal-Constitution. “It really represents a lifetime body of work.”
While at least one of the other honorees isn't planning to attend, Richie says he'll definitely be there.
“I think as an African-American, it is my place to stand there and show kids…that it is possible to reach the heights like this,” he says. “I was not born in Beverly Hills or raised on a trust fund. I got here by the sweat of my brow and the grace of God, so when you think of what it represents, yeah, I need to go.”
As for his tour with Mariah, Lionel says he hasn't seen any of her alleged diva shenanigans…or if he has, he's not spilling.
“I make sure I see her every night when she comes off stage to tell her she was fantastic,” he tells the newspaper. “You have to understand, this is not competitive…we are two artists that are trying to make sure the audience gets exactly what they want from us.”
Meanwhile, there's no confirmation that Richie will judge American Idol, but he says he'd do a good job because he knows what it takes.
“It's being an artist, and if you don't know anything about artistry, you're judging a different thing,” he says. “You have to have star material. Being a singer does not qualify you as star material. It takes a little more than that.”
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Source:: Music News
Best Fish Sandwiches In MinnesotaA breaded, deep fried rectangular patty made from white meat fish such as cod or pollock, the fish sandwich, or fishwich, came into its own as a burger when introduced at McDonald's in 1962. Since then, the fish sandwich has become a lunch and dinner favorite. If you favor the local catch, try a walleye fish sandwich.
A video still shows the large rock that was used to kill the duckling (Twitter / FOX5).
Police arrested three Henderson teenagers Wednesday morning after a video circulated on social media showing the kids killing a baby duck.
According to a media release, Henderson police received reports of the video on May 3. In the video, the teens used a rock to crush and kill the duckling, which was taken from a city park.
Officer Scott Williams, a spokesperson for the Henderson Police Department, said the three 16-year-old suspects confessed to the crime.
"I think it was just an example of teenagers making horrible decisions," Williams said.
We showed that graphic video to a psychotherapist earlier today. She didn't want to jump to conclusions, but she had very serious concerns about the future of these 16-year-old kids accused of filming themselves crushing and killing baby duck pic.twitter.com/kXzQ7FWF6q — Adam Herbets (@AdamHerbets) May 10, 2018
Kimberly Lueken, a sophomore at Green Valley High School, said she couldn't believe how graphic the video was. She said she knows some of the kids who were arrested, but she never thought they would do something like this.
"People hear about it and they talk about it throughout the PE locker rooms. It's everywhere," Lueken said. "I was very disgusted. I think animal abuse is just a disgusting thing. It should be stopped."
Alyson Shainker, a psychotherapist who primarily handles cases involving sex offenders, said she's glad the three teenagers who made the video were arrested. She pointed out that violence against animals indicates a lack of empathy, which often leads to something worse.
"Oftentimes serial killers and rapists have begun in childhood with cruelty to animals," Shainker said. "Animal abusers are five times more likely to abuse other people."
Shainker said she believes, at the bare minimum, the three teenagers must undergo a psychiatric evaluation to see if something deeper is going on. She said she believes all three teenagers are equally guilty and that it's even worse that they recorded it.
"Oftentimes serial killers and rapists have begun in childhood with cruelty to animals... Animal abusers are five times more likely to abuse other people."
She says it's a MUST that these three children receive a psychiatric evaluation. https://t.co/sL5gL0TRfv — Adam Herbets (@AdamHerbets) May 10, 2018
Henderson Police said all three will be charged with animal cruelty, even though the video shows just one teenager using the rock to crush the duckling.
"Any three of these children had the chance to back out, and none of them did," Shainker said. "Not only did they hurt this poor defenseless animal, but now you're taking this behavior and you're using it to amuse other people by shocking them.
FOX5 is not releasing the names of the teenagers.
The suspects were taken into custody and booked into the Clark County Juvenile Detention Center where they face misdemeanor charges of removing migratory birds and animal cruelty.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
TAIPEI (Taiwan News) – The Central Weather Bureau has named Taiwan's rainiest town, and contrary to expectations because of its nickname, the harbor town of Keelung did not make the cut.
The city on Taiwan's north coast is known as the “rain city,” but in effect, the town which really deserves that name is Suao, on the northeast coast in Yilan County, the Liberty Times reported Saturday.
Over the past 10 years, Suao, which is also a prominent harbor town, has experienced 17 rainy days per year more than Keelung, the report said.
The number of days with precipitation reached 216.9 per year for Suao, while Keelung had to make do with 199.9 days, according to the weather bureau data.
Of the past ten years, there was one year where the number of rainy days in the Yilan County town reached 252, meaning that it rained on two out of every three days that year.
Since it faces the Pacific Ocean and has its back against the mountains, Yilan County can count on rain nearly every season of the year, from the typhoons in summer to the northeasterly winds in winter, the Liberty Times reported.
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi sad at a Thursday press conference that “God is with” democrats who support the dreamers and their fight to stay in this country.
A reporter asked Pelosi: “Have you changed your mind at all about being willing to accept some border wall funding or immigration crackdown funding within a DREAM Act fix?”
Pelosi responded:
“I don't know, when you say, ‘Have you changed your mind?' We said to the President the night he agreed to the DACA legislation we have a responsibility to protect our border and we think there are many things we can do working together to do that. And Members have been working in a bipartisan way to address that.
“So we're not backing off anything, including meeting the needs of protecting our border. We are not going to turn this country into a reign of terror of domestic enforcement and have the DACA, the DREAMers, pay that price.
“But I'm optimistic. I always have been. God is with us on this. Our country is great. We know our greatness springs from the vitality that newcomers bring to our country. Eighty percent at least of the American people support the DREAMers.
“And some Members at the President's holiday event the other night – he called it a holiday event, by the way. It wasn't a Christmas party, it was a holiday event – At that, the Republican Members were saying to me, ‘This is 80 percent in my district, people support the DREAMers.' And I've had some of their spouses say to me, ‘We have” to get the DREAM Act.' “So this has, again, bipartisan support. We can find our common ground.”
Nancy Pelosi desperately wants to keep the Dreamers in this country because she knows it is a larger percentage of the California Democratic voters, but is it in the best interest of the entire country?
A driver was killed in a fatal crash that occurred on East Boulder Highway and Lamb Boulevard early Saturday morning, Metro Police said.
According to police, a Nissan Altima was facing north on Boulder Highway and had stopped at a red light at Lamb Boulevard.
A GMC Envoy that was speeding tried to pass the Altima in the right turn lane. The SUV struck the other vehicle on the rear passenger side of the car, Metro Police said.
The driver of the GMC continued onto Lamb Boulevard until it struck a concrete pony wall in front of a 7-11 convenience store on the northeast corner, according to police.
Metro said the driver of the GMC was unrestrained and was ejected from their vehicle as it overturned onto the passenger side.
Both drivers were taken to Sunrise Hospital. The GMC driver was pronounced deceased, according to police.
The Altima driver had minor injuries. Police were called to the scene at 3:44 a.m.
This death marks the 45th traffic related fatal that fell under Metro Police's jurisdiction in 2018.
Stay with FOX5 for more updates.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
For a chance to win N10,000 in cash in the NB Weekly Quiz, please review the NB Weekly magazine and answer the question that follows. The winner and runners-up will be selected at 12pm on the 19th of April 2017. Winner and runners-up will be displa...
A limited number of single-game tickets for the general public for home games for the Stanley Cup Final went on sale Friday at 10 a.m., according to the Vegas Golden Knights.
The tickets for the general public were made available after a series of full and partial member presale opportunities.
The tickets are available for purchase online. Purchases made for games not played will be refunded within seven to 10 business days.
Vegas Golden Knights full season members received detailed information on tickets via email Wednesday. Half season, quarter season, and Can't Wait List members also received information on tickets, according to the team.
Game 1 of the Stanley Cup Final is scheduled to take place in Las Vegas on Monday when the Vegas Golden Knights take on the Washington Capitals.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Has the world gone mad? Two teenage babysitters posted video as they placed a seven month old baby in a fridge while the mother was taking a shower. ...
James Anderson And Tatiana Flowers, THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Aug 14, 2017
DENVER  Taylor Swift won $1 and long-awaited vindication after a jury decided that a radio host groped her during a pre-concert photo op four years ago.
After a weeklong trial over dueling lawsuits, jurors determined that fired Denver DJ David Mueller assaulted the pop star by grabbing her backside during a backstage meet-and-greet. The six-woman, two-man jury also found that Swifts mother and radio liaison were within their rights to contact Muellers bosses.
Mueller sued the Swifts and their radio handler, Frank Bell, seeking up to $3 million for his ruined career.
Just before closing arguments, the judge dismissed Taylor Swift from Muellers lawsuit, saying he had failed to prove that she sought to get Mueller fired or had any reason to believe that someone else may have assaulted her. U.S. District Judge William Martinez also drastically reduced the amount Mueller could collect.
The singer-songwriter said in her countersuit that she wanted a symbolic $1 and the chance to stand up for other women.
Testimony showed that Swift reported the incident to her mother and others on her team, but that she never sought any specific action regarding Mueller.
From the start, Swifts side portrayed the encounter as a clear case of sexual assault, even though they never reported it to police. Her mother tearfully testified that she asked Bell to reach out to Muellers employers at country station KYGO-FM instead because they wanted to handle the matter quietly and avoid exposing the singer-songwriter to publicity.
Bell contacted a station vice-president and asked for an investigation of Muellers conduct. He also sent the station executive a photo taken of Swift, Mueller and Muellers then-girlfriend at the meet-and-greet.
In a fiery hourlong stint on the witness stand last week, Swift blasted a low-key characterization by Muellers attorney, Gabriel McFarland, of what happened. While Mueller testified he never grabbed Swift, she insisted she was groped.
He stayed attached to my bare ass-cheek as I lurched away from him, Swift testified.
It was a definite grab. A very long grab, she added.
Mueller emphatically denied reaching under the pop stars skirt or otherwise touching her inappropriately, insisting he touched only her ribs and may have brushed the outside of her skirt as they awkwardly posed for the picture.
That photo was virtually the evidence besides the testimony. In the image shown to jurors during opening statements but not publicly released, Muellers hand is behind Swift, just below her waist. Both are smiling. Muellers then-girlfriend is standing on the other side of Swift.
Swift testified that after she was groped, she numbly told Mueller and his girlfriend, Thank you for coming, and moved on to photos with others waiting in line because she did not want to disappoint them.
But she said she immediately went to her photographer after the meet-and-greet ended and found the photo of her with Mueller, telling the photographer what happened.
Andrea Swift testified that she asked Bell to call Muellers employers. They did not call the police to avoid further traumatizing her daughter, she said.
We absolutely wanted to keep it private, but we didnt want him to get away with it, Andrea Swift testified.
Bell said he emailed the photo to Robert Call, KYGOs general manager, for use in Calls investigation of Mueller. He said he didnt ask that Mueller be fired but that appropriate action be taken.
Families collect bodies of victims killed in NYC terror attack The families of the Argentine men killed in Tuesday's downtown terror attack flew to New York to identify and collect their bodies Thursday, with many emerging from a morgue in...
More mentally ill patients are checking into hospitals: study The No. 1 reason people are being admitted to the city's municipal hospitals is mental illness, according to a study released Wednesday. The Independent Budget Office reported that mental problems...
Yellow cab hits, kills 70-year-old man: cops A 70-year-old man was killed when a yellow cab plowed into him on a Manhattan street Sunday night, cops said. The man was at Cooper Square and East 5th Street...
Nanny stuffed 'balled up baby wipe' down baby's throat: prosecutors A Manhattan nanny tried to suffocate a 2-month-old boy by stuffing baby wipes down his throat, authorities say. Baby-sitter Marianne Benjamins-Williams, 45, was watching the infant along with his 14-month-old...
Investment banker killed by bus becomes first Citi Bike fatality A Manhattan investment banker and former Israeli army staff sergeant became the Big Apple's first Citi Bike fatality Monday morning when he was hit by a bus. Dan Hanegby, 36,...
Bellevue Hospital accused of botching infant's circumcision A botched circumcision at Bellevue Hospital filled a Manhattan infant's first months with pain, a mom claims in court papers. An intern circumcised Karina Collado's baby boy without asking a...
Off-duty cops save woman from jumping off Brooklyn Bridge Two off-duty NYPD officers rescued a woman from jumping off the Brooklyn Bridge on Friday morning, police sources said. Officer Robert Faivre, 43, a six-year veteran from the 84th Precinct,...
Two men removed from Trump Tower after making weird statements Two men were removed from Trump Tower on Thursday night – one after making bizarre statements about the FBI and the US government and the other after saying he wanted...
Port Authority Bus Terminal shuts down after man claims he has ebola The Port Authority Bus Terminal was partially shut down during the evening rush because a rider arriving from Detroit told officials he may have ebola, sources said. The agency immediately...
A Southern California man was in custody in Washington state Tuesday in connection with a street racing collision this month that killed two young brothers, the California Highway Patrol said.
Josue Leyva-Gallegos, 30, was arrested by U.S. marshals at the Department of Motor Vehicles building in Kent, Wash., when he tried to register a vehicle there, the CHP said in a news release.
He is the cousin of a man already charged in the street-racing deaths, Ricardo Zuniga, 26, of Perris.
Leyva-Gallegos “is currently in custody in Washington awaiting extradition for two counts of vehicular manslaughter with gross negligence, each with a sentencing enhancement of fleeing the scene of a crime,” the CHP said in its statement.
The CHP said Leyva-Gallegos and Zuniga were racing May 15 on the two-lane Oakwood Street in Mead Valley, a Riverside County community five miles northwest of Perris. Zuniga's 1992 Honda Accord struck a 2015 Nissan Versa in which Dominic and Antonio Gonzalez, ages 6 and 7, were riding in the back seat.
Both boys died from their injuries shortly after the crash.
Zuniga told investigators the race started when he saw his cousin and pulled alongside him at a stop sign to invite him to his house. Before he could speak, though, Leyva-Gallegos said, “Are you ready? 1, 2, 3.”
“Zuniga stated he knew that meant (Leyva-Gallegos) wanted to race,” the declaration said. After the countdown, both men sped down the street, taking up both lanes. “Zuniga stated he was unable to swerve out of the way or stop his vehicle before colliding with the Nissan Versa.”
After the collision, Leyva-Gallegos approached Zuniga and asked if he was OK. “Zuniga did not know where Leyva-Gallegos went after that and he was surprised (Leyva-Gallegos) fled the scene before officers arrived,” the court document said.
Zuniga, who talked to investigators while hospitalized with injuries from the crash, was in custody Tuesday in the Robert Presley Detention Center in downtown Riverside in lieu of bond on $2 million bail.
Zuniga has been charged with two murder counts and pleaded not guilty May 23 in Riverside County Superior Court, District Attorney spokesman John Hall said Tuesday afternoon. His next court appearance is set for June 27. Zuniga also pleaded not guilty to misdemeanor charges of driving without a valid license, and not having insurance.
The CHP said several agencies, along with the public, helped to find Leyva-Gallegos. Among those involved were the U.S. Marshals Service, Pacific Southwest Regional Fugitive Task Force, Team 6, and the Riverside County District Attorney's Bureau of Investigation.
The black Nissan that court documents say Leyva-Gallegos was driving on May 15 has not been found.
Leyva-Gallegos is from Mexico and was previously deported there in 2012 by the Immigration and Custom Enforcement Agency, an arrest declaration filed in Riverside County Superior Court said.
NEW YORK — Stephanie Blythe, the renowned American mezzo-soprano, is back at the Metropolitan Opera for a new role as the wicked stepmother in Jules Massenet's version of the Cinderella story “Cendrillon.”
Blythe, who made her debut 23 years ago, acknowledges that she was nervous on opening night, feeling “the butterflies coming up” as she sat backstage. But she let the imperious, overbearing character she plays take over and then “everything was calm, everything was fine.”
“Cendrillon” also stars Joyce DiDonato as Cinderella and Alice Coote as Prince Charming. It will be broadcast to movie theatres on Saturday as the final Live in HD presentation from the Met this season.
The Metropolitan Opera is a company based in New York City.
A valley couple who survived the Las Vegas shooting, then gave birth to a healthy baby boy two days later, said their home was burglarized Sunday. (FOX5)
A valley couple who survived the Las Vegas shooting, then gave birth to a healthy baby boy two days later, said their home was burglarized Sunday.
“It's been a rough seven months. We've had some bad luck,” Markie Coffer said.
While grateful for their survival and the new addition to their family, the couple said they have had their fair share of obstacles in the months after the attack.
Coffer said the couple's home near El Capitan and Blue Diamond was burglarized. The suspect or suspects took a safe with about $7,000 in cash and a hand gun inside.
Coffer, Matheson, and their four children were at their engagement party at the time.
“We were over there setting up for the party. The kids had a bounce house, we were gone almost the whole day,” Coffer said.
Matheson said the family did not get home until 10:30 p.m.
“Our garage door was open and the back door was kicked in,” Matheson said.
Matheson said the downstairs area appeared to look untouched.
“I went upstairs and the computers were there. Then I went into the bedroom, ran into the closet, and that's when I noticed my safe was gone. My weapon was also taken," Matheson said.
The couple filed a report with Metro police and said the suspect or suspects likely knew the code to open the garage door then forced their way through the back door.
Metro Police did not have any updates on the case but said the investigation is ongoing.
A friend of the couple created a GoFundMe account to help recoup some of the losses. To donate, click here.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Emerging markets are expected to have a good 2018 thanks to the pickup in global growth, a resilient, if slowing, Chinese economy and a weaker U.S. dollar.
Commodity prices are expected to remain relatively stable as well, giving room to a potential rally in EM, which are still relatively underinvested, market participants said.
“We have a relatively optimistic view on EM as an asset class,” said Alejo Czerwonko, EM strategist at UBS, adding that strength in the U.S. dollar was unlikely to return in 2018. That means the buck's currency rivals in the emerging market space would have more room to rally. This year, the ICE U.S. dollar index DXY, -0.07% , which measures the buck against six rivals, fell by more than 8%.
Read: Here's what's threatening the dollar in 2018
“EM is better positioned now that it has been in the past. The fundamentals [in EM economies] are stronger, the macro picture is better and the aggregate current account deficits have improved,” Czerwonko said in reference to recent years, when emerging economies' fundamentals were weak and their currencies faced a painful sell-off.
Even as the Federal Reserve is tightening its monetary policy, developing markets should do fine. That is, unless the Fed gets ahead of itself. Dollar traders worry that a significant uptick in inflation could lead to the central bank hiking interest rates too quickly, and make a policy mistake.
“An aggressive Fed would have a negative impact on all EM, but particularly those in LatAm and EMEA [Europe, Middle East and Africa],” Czerwonko said. The unwinding of the Fed's enormous $4.5 trillion post-crisis balance sheet, however, has not yet shown an effect, he added.
China is a major piece in the puzzle of EM conditions. Being somewhat separate from the rest of the developing market pack, China is usually treated as its own class, in part due to its size. So it is impossible to talk about global growth without including China. Even though the Chinese economy isn't expanding as rapidly has it had, it is seeing other supportive trends, such as the rise of consumer demand.
And as long as China remains resilient, its neighboring Asian EMs—such as the Korean wong USDKRW, -0.27% for example, which surged more than 9% in 2017—will do well, market participants agreed.
At the same time, an escalation of geopolitical tensions with North Korea would pose a very direct threat to the region. Strategists agreed that North Korea risk hasn't been priced in to EM sectors yet, partly because it would be hard to price such a binary event.
But while conditions for the broader asset class are supportive, there are regional- and country-specific opportunities.
Central and Eastern Europe are the most compelling reflation story, for example, said Henrik Gullberg, senior EM strategist at Nomura.
“Central banks there are hawkish and there is a strong economic backdrop. It's difficult to find a weak spot in Poland and the Czech Republic,” Gullberg added. “Eastern and Central European currencies [such as the Czech koruna USDCZK, +0.0226% and Polish zloty USDPLN, +0.0336% ] are very cheap and should protect the exports from those economies as well.”
“We prefer the higher-yielding currencies with stronger fundamentals, such as the Russian ruble USDRUB, +0.2562% Brazilian real USDBRL, -0.0881% and Indian rupee USDINR, -0.1087% The risk-return is best here,” Czerwonko said adding that Russia and India were carry plays, given their high benchmark interest rates, rather than spot price appreciation trades, whereas Brazil had potential for both.
NBC 7's Consumer Bob reports on a new kind of convenience: how companies are working to deliver groceries directly to the kitchens of consumers. (Published Friday, Sept. 22, 2017)
Companies May Soon Be Delivering Food Straight to Your Kitchen
Amazon Prime Now customers can get free two-hour delivery on groceries over $35 from Whole Foods in San Diego, the companies announced Tuesday.
Customers can choose from bestselling items in the Whole Foods stores ranging from everyday staples to fresh meat or seafood, company officials said.
Customers with an Amazon Prime membership will get two-hour delivery for free on orders over $35. Anyone wanting their order within an hour will be charged $7.99 on orders of $35 or more.
The service is being offered to customers within the city of San Diego. Hours are daily from 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. Items for purchase include a selection of alcohol.
More information is available through the Prime Now app.
It's one of many new shopping services being offered to consumers looking to save time and effort when it comes to their household chores. Vons will deliver your groceries. Walmart wants to put groceries in your refrigerator.
San Diego State University Marketing Professor Miro Copic called the rush to change up how we shop "the next frontier in retail" in a previous interview with NBC 7.
Copic said less than five percent of grocery shoppers use a delivery service. Even so, companies know it is the future of the industry.
Amazon bought Whole Foods in a deal valued at $13.7 billion in June 2017.
The only thing better than a trusty pair of Jack Rogers? A pair of Jacks that celebrates your favorite summer destination.
Jack Rogers just released the perfect new line of sandals for summer featuring the airport codes of the preppiest seasonal vacation spots. From Nantucket loyalists to Martha's Vineyards worshippers, the collection has a sandal for seven retreats total, including a version for the winter-averse prepsters who flock to Palm Beach in the colder months.
All of the sandals are available now at JackRogersUSA.com for $148. Read on to see them all:
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Ryan Gosling and Harrison Ford talked to Fox 4's Shawn Edwards about the much-anticipated sequel to "Blade Runner." Both agree that the time was right for a sequel. Find out why in the video player above.
Greenville surges to volleyball invite title - Enquirer Democrat
enquirerdemocrat.com
CARLINVILLE (Oct. 5, 2017) – Once the dam broke and floodgates opened, there was no stopping the …
Bernard Lagat has spent more than a decade becoming the NYRR Millrose Games' so-called President of the Boards, and one of the faces of American track and field. Mary Cain...
WATCH: These Brazilian School Kids Are Using Jonas Blue To Learn English
The hitmaker shared his delight at this video of a Brazilian school's musical English lesson recently!
When we think about learning languages at school, we don't often associate that with hit music. However one school in Brazil has broken the mould and is using Jonas Blue's new song 'Rise' featuring Jack & Jack to teach kids English.
The song has only been out for a few days and already the class in the video above have picked up a lot of the lyrics, which is pretty impressive considering their native language is Portuguese.
> This Fan Asked Niall Horan For Some Inspirational Advice & He Didn't Disappoint
The class teacher, who shared the video of his class of nine year olds, is clearly a big Jonas Blue fan and wasted no time in getting his class to practice their language skils by learning the words.
A post shared by Jonas Blue (@jonasblue) onMay 21, 2018 at 1:06pm PDT
Shortly after the video was posted, Jonas Blue took to Twitter to share his love for the whole thing, writing, 'Love this so much!!!!!'. Us too Jonas... us too!
Love this so much!!!!! https://t.co/WRf59NDSSh — Jonas Blue (@JonasBlue) May 29, 2018
Jonas Blue is one of this summer's hottest artist set to take over the #CapitalSTB on Saturday 9th June, so we're expecting the crowd at Wembley Stadium to know all the lyrics, just like these little legends!
> Download Our Free App For Loads More Jonas Blue News!
British police are reportedly investigating three new sexual assault allegations against Oscar-winning actor Kevin Spacey, including one accusation that dates back more than two decades.
The allegations against Spacey, the former artistic director of the Old Vic theater in London, were first reported by TMZ and later confirmed by police to Variety.
Kevin Spacey at Build Studio on May 24, 2017 in New York City. Daniel Zuchnik
London's Metropolitan Police had previously confirmed three other investigations against Spacey, bringing the total to six.
British police, who do not publicly identify suspects in many crime cases, provided NBC News with details about the three new allegations that matched those in the TMZ report, but didn't name Spacey.
Five months ago, on Feb. 8, a man reported that he had been sexually assaulted in 2008 in Lambeth, the London borough that is home to the Old Vic.
That same month, on Feb. 14, a man reported that he had been sexually assaulted in 2013 in Gloucester.
And two months later, on April 17, a man reported that he had been sexually assaulted in 1996 in Westminster.
Officials with Scotland Yard's Child Abuse and Sexual Offenses Command are investigating the accusations, police said in a statement.
The news comes amid news from a recent interview with actor Guy Pearce, who co-starred with Spacey in the 1997 noir thriller "L.A. Confidential."
In an interview Tuesday with Australian talk show host Andrew Denton, Pearce called the actor a "handsy guy."
"Tough one to talk about at the moment," said Pearce, who is Australian. "Amazing actor. Incredible actor. Slightly difficult time with Kevin, yeah. He's a handsy guy. Thankfully, I was 29, and not 14."
"Star Trek: Discovery" actor Anthony Rapp accused Spacey of making a sexual advance at him in 1986, when Rapp was 14 and Spacey was in his mid-20s.
Spacey, now 58, issued an apology after Rapp's allegations were reported by BuzzFeed.
He then virtually disappeared from Hollywood. He was fired from the Netflix series "House of Cards" and cut from the film "All the Money in the World."
Apple Inc. is designing and producing its own device displays for the first time, using a secret manufacturing facility near its California headquarters to make small numbers of the screens for testing purposes, according to people familiar with the situation. That puts Samsung Electronics Co.'s $3.4 billion a year relationship with Apple at risk. The rival phone-maker was Apple's fourth biggest supplier in 2017, Bloomberg data show.
Georgia state Sen. David Shafer, R-Duluth, right, speaks with Sen. Josh McKoon, R-Columbus, left, and Sen. Greg Kirk, R-Americus, during a 2016 meeting of the General Assembly. Jason Getz AP
WASHINGTON – President Trump has no plans to fire Attorney General Jeff Sessions before the Russia probe is completed, the president's lawyer said Wednesday.
Rudy Giuliani told reporters outside the White House in an impromptu gaggle that Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein and Special Counsel Robert Mueller should also be safe from Trump's wrath.
“I don't think the president is going to touch him (Sessions), Mueller or Rosenstein,” Giuliani said, according to video of the interview posted by Voice of America News.
“In the long run I think it will be worked out.”
Trump has grown increasingly frustrated with the Russia probe, which he's deemed a witch hunt, and openly complains about Sessions recusing himself from the Russia investigation.
Sessions' recusal gave way to the appointment of Mueller by Rosenstein.
If Trump asked Sessions to take control of the Russia probe again, Trump's lawyer said that would not be obstruction of justice.
“Hardly,” Giuliani said. “I mean you got to be able to ask a Cabinet member to do things you think they should do. Even if he commanded him to do it, it wouldn't be obstruction of justice.”
Giuliani was in the audience for a White House sports and fitness field day.
Filed in Sullivan County Circuit Court in Kingsport, the lawsuit also names a fourth plaintiff, Baby Doe by and through his Guardian Ad Litem, along with Center Pointe Medical Clinic and two convicted opioid dealers as additional defendants.
“Tennessee has the second-highest rate of opioid addiction in the nation, as noted in the lawsuit, and Sullivan County is ground zero for opioid addiction in our state,” says Barry Staubus, district attorney general for Tennessee's Second Judicial District. “This region has experienced devastating consequences as a result of the opioid epidemic. Too many of our citizens' lives have been turned upside down as a result of opioid abuse, and far too many have actually lost their lives from an overdose.
“In addition, opioid addiction presents a tremendous financial burden for our region, resulting in increased costs to each of our counties' policing, health care, rehabilitation, housing and criminal justice systems. We believe there is a direct correlation between Northeast Tennessee's opioid epidemic and Purdue Pharma's fraudulent claims in their marketing of OxyContin to the medical community, and it is our intent to hold them accountable for the damage they have inflicted upon our region.”
The lawsuit alleges Purdue Pharma embarked on a fraudulent campaign to convince physicians that OxyContin created minimal risk of addiction. As Purdue's marketing efforts demonstrated success in the form of rapid increases in opioid prescriptions, Mallinckrodt, Endo Pharmaceuticals and other opioid manufacturers joined Purdue in its fraudulent scheme. Purdue's efforts and those of the other defendants to mislead doctors and the public about the need for, and addictive nature of, opioid drugs led to an opioid epidemic, created an environment for thousands of individuals in Tennessee to become addicted to opioids, and fueled a dramatic increase in Sullivan County in the number of individuals exposed to, and addicted to, OxyContin, Roxicodone, Opana ER and other opioids. The police departments, schools, district attorneys' offices, hospitals, doctors, insurance companies and taxpayers in Tennessee and Sullivan County will bear the financial burden of Purdue's fraudulent campaign for decades to come.
“For many years, Purdue Pharma has inaccurately promoted OxyContin as being an appropriate medication for chronic pain, and being less likely than other pain medications to cause addiction,” said J. Gerard Stranch IV, managing partner for Nashville, Tennessee-based law firm Branstetter, Stranch and Jennings. “Their aggressive marketing of this product has resulted in an opioid epidemic that is ravaging Tennessee, causing immense suffering to those born addicted to opioids, and costing millions of dollars to local governments forced to deal with the aftermath.”
Tennesseans' addiction to opioids has created a secondary epidemic impacting the state's newborns. According to the Tennessee Department of Health, from Jan. 1 through April 1, about 48 of every 1,000 births in Sullivan County were neonatal abstinence syndrome cases. Children born with NAS experience agonizing withdrawal symptoms as their bodies emerge from the influence of drugs.
“We have seen a huge increase in the number of babies born with NAS as a direct result of opioid addiction,” said Lisa Carter, CEO of Niswonger Children's Hospital. “This has become a nationwide epidemic that is most widespread right here in Northeast Tennessee.”
According to the Tennessee Department of Mental Health and Substance Abuse Services, the average cost of care for babies born with NAS is roughly 10 times more than babies born without NAS. The average cost to stabilize an NAS newborn is nearly $63,000, while the average cost for a non-NAS newborn is about $7,200. For the entire state of Tennessee, the care for 660 babies born with NAS cost $41.5 million for most of 2013, compared to $4.79 million for the same number born without NAS.
The lawsuit demands judgment against the defendants for damages resulting from breaches of statutory and common law, seeks to award restitution to the plaintiffs, and an injunction to stop the flood of opioids to the region.
For additional facts and information surrounding this issue, as well as a full copy of the lawsuit, visit sullivanbabydoe.com.
When it comes to cybersecurity, there is one universal truth: Everything is hackable. Beyond that, approaches for keeping consumer data safe and standards for reporting breaches wildly vary.
As the United States grapples with fallout from the worst cybersecurity incident in history, Europe is getting ready to hold companies accountable under a new set of rules designed to prevent a breach on the scale of Equifax from ever happening and it ever did, to minimize the aftermath.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Equifax, Software Company Blame Each Other for Security Breach 1:52 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
"In general, the Europeans have a less skeptical view of their governments and tend to be more skeptical of companies. In the US, it tends to be the other way around, " said Michael Daniel, president of the Cyber Threat Alliance and former cybersecurity coordinator in the Obama administration. "That has certainly affected the speed in which these things have developed."
Follow the Rules or Pay a Fine
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), as the new European rule is known, takes effect next May. The GDPR covers how companies store your data, and requires them to alert authorities within 72 hours of a breach. If companies don't comply, they can be fined 4 percent of their global revenue or 20 million Euros — whichever number is higher.
Every American company that handles a European citizen's data will also have to be in compliance.
Related: Equifax Fallout: FTC Launches Probe, Websites and Phones Jammed With Angry Consumers
The new rules are "putting the onus on the companies to understand how they are managing customer data and concerns around privacy," Rohit Ghai, president of RSA, a global security company, told NBC News.
With the Equifax cyberattack affecting the personal information of as many as 143 million people, the question of whether some sort of regulation is needed in the United States is once again being asked.
"I keep thinking this will be the breach that gets people to make some changes and creates the legislative momentum. It's hard to say because we have seen some of these breaches before — but I do think it will add to the growing litany for a standard of care," Daniel said.
“ We wanted to do things on our own without being regulated to death, but I'm afraid we have reached a point where we have to do something.”
But deciding on what that standard of care is — and how it may differ between the neighborhood pizza shop that collects email addresses for its deal of the day and a behemoth like Equifax — is part of the challenge.
"You [Equifax] are a giant company whose job it is to manage data... Equifax seems to not have done some things well that you would expect. That is what the idea of a standard of care is," Daniel said. "We would expect a company holding sensitive data to meet a high standard of cybersecurity. What we don't really have yet is that sense of 'What is the standard of care' in different industries?"
Over-Regulation Hasn't Helped
Despite high profile breaches — from Target to Yahoo — legislation to toughen data protection standards hasn't gained traction, but it's not for lack of an effort.
A search for "cybersecurity" yields 141 pieces of legislation — including bills and amendments — that have gone before the 115th Congress with those words in the title or body and cover a variety of areas.
Rep. James Langevin (D-RI) introduced a bill in 2015 that called on companies to report data breaches within 30 days of discovery. In addition, they would have to notify consumer reporting agencies and major media outlets if the number of people affected exceeds 5,000.
"In the U.S., there has been a ton of regulatory burden over the last several years, so in general the sentiment from a business climate perspective is we are too heavily regulated," Ghai said.
Mark Weatherford, chief cybersecurity strategist at vArmour and the former deputy undersecretary for cybersecurity in the Department of Homeland Security, told NBC News he would "rather see the market work than regulation force us into something, because there are always unintended consequences."
"In the United States, we have a history of being cowboys...We wanted to do things on our own without being regulated to death, but I'm afraid we have reached a point where we have to do something now because it's obvious we are not doing enough."
Is Europe the Best Example?
But it would be wrong to think Europe's exact rules could work in the United States, the experts said.
In addition to having a culture that tends to buck regulation, the three-day breach reporting window has also received some scrutiny and raised some questions as to when the timer would start.
"My general experience is it takes multiple days or weeks to really get your arms around what has happened and to balance this against what the adversary is going to do with the data," Daniel told NBC News. "The return on the value of the data decreases rapidly, but on the other hand you also very frequently learn a lot more when you really dig into the forensics."
Weatherford and other cybersecurity experts NBC News spoke with agreed there's likely to always be some sort of discussion as to whether and how regulation should play a role in cybersecurity. However, they agreed that it may be difficult to actually get anything passed in the current political climate. That means Europe may end up — at least slightly — becoming our cyber savior.
Each American company that has to comply with Europe's data protection rules won't have to hold non-European customers' data to the same standards of care if they choose not to. However, there's a strong possibility companies may choose to treat everyone's data like it is European.
"I could see some companies operating on the basis of the most restrictive regime and treating everyone's data like they're European," Daniel said. "That could be one strategy, but I don't know if all companies will go in that direction."
Weatherford agreed. "I am not sure a company is going to say we went through the expense of putting together a security infrastructure to protect data, why should we segregate it like that?" he told NBC News.
The lilac fire was powerful and extremely intense.
More than 100 homes were destroyed, but three people dubbed the "three musketeers" were able to save a whole neighborhood.
Don Philippbar, his stepson Todd Smith and neighbor Cathy Orchard will not be forgetting the Lilac Fire anytime soon.
"It was pretty crazy, my heart's beating right now just thinking about it," said Smith.
Instead of evacuating, the three saved their neighborhood.
"I was talking to Don and I said, 'God, I feel like the three musketeers out here,'" Orchard said with a laugh.
Together they ran from house to house putting out hot spots after a home nearby caught fire, which sent embers flying into the sky.
One landed on their 80-year-old neighbor's back door.
"That was lit on fire so I took the garden hose, just hosing that thing down, and just kept hosing it down," said Philippbar. "And then I'm running down getting other spot fires on the next couple of houses."
They used garden hoses along with old hoses from when Orchard was the Fire Chief in Monterey Park.
Philippbar was also at one time a firefighter.
"I remember a friend of mine who's an attorney, he said, why do you stay?" recalled Orchard. "And I said, 'Because I know what I'm doing.' I wouldn't go into court and pretend I'm a lawyer. So people shouldn't pretend they're firefighters if they don't know what they're doing."
Even the ground next to the fire hydrant was burned to a crisp.
The three demonstrated the saying, "All for one, and one for all," and in the process, became heroes for their hometown.
"I have no doubt that my house would've burned down if we weren't out here," Orchard said.
The three combined have dozens of years of both firefighting and military experience.
As its 21st season begins, the TV show “The Bachelor” has harnessed the magical formula of drama, tears and the everlasting hope of finding a soul mate, and turned it into one of the longest running reality franchises on U.S. television.
Each season, a bachelor or bachelorette looks to find a fiancée among a group of 30 contestants. Though the featured bachelor or bachelorette each season receives some sort of compensation — usually over $100,000 a season according to reality television blogs — contestants say they are not paid for their time on the show.
The show features well-groomed men and women discussing their fear of intimacy in a glamorous Los Angeles mansion and various tropical locales, however, the televised journey for love can take just as big a hit on their finances as it does on their self-confidence. (ABC DIS, -0.33% declined to comment on this article.)
Contestants do receive gift bags with sponsored items like bathing suits and yoga mats, and some have been able to parlay their appearance on the show into a media career. However, preparing for the show and living with reality television fame can be no bed of roses (excuse the pun) when it comes to keeping your savings account intact.
Here's how the show works: Each week the bachelor or bachelorette sends home a number of hopefuls until one is left standing. The season typically ends in a proposal, though only one couple from “The Bachelor” and three couples from “The Bachelorette” are currently married. (Another bachelor, Jason Mesnick, did marry a contestant, though not the one he originally chose.) The show's host, Chris Harrison, has become a household name and the spokesman for romance, as contestants experience their 15 minutes of fame, often followed by appearances in spinoffs like “Bachelor in Paradise” and a spike in their Instagram followers.
Packing for the ‘journey'
On one episode this season, two of the contestants claim another contestant, Olivia Caridi, a local news anchor, spent $40,000 on her wardrobe for the show. Caridi didn't respond to a request for comment, but the figure isn't out of the realm of possibility. Former contestants say that they were required to provide most of their own wardrobe and makeup, and when you need to regularly impress a bachelor or bachelorette at fancy cocktail parties, that bill can add up.
“I had remortgaged my house and I spent something like $8,000 on clothing,” wrote Jillian Harris, who was the second runner-up on the 13th season of “Bachelor” and was later the star of the fifth season of “Bachelorette,” on her blog. Other contestants have been more thrifty, signing sponsorship deals with clothing labels or borrowing from friends.
“I have really great friends, and they have even better closets,” says Lesley Murphy, a former political consultant and contestant on season 17 of “Bachelor,” in an interview with MarketWatch. “Other people said they spent a ton, a lot of people came with four or five bags,” she says, adding that some contestants who came with large wardrobes were still sent home on the first night.
After completing various interviews, questionnaires and background checks, contestants typically find out that they have been accepted to the show about two to three weeks before filming begins. In that time, they have to inform their employer — if they have a job — that they will be gone for anywhere from a week to a month and a half, assemble a TV-ready wardrobe and settle their finances for the next six weeks, since they are not allowed to have access to their phone, the Internet or television during filming.
“I only had about two and a half weeks from when I officially got the word,” says JJ Lane, a former investment banker and a contestant on the 11th season of The Bachelorette, in an interview with MarketWatch. “I had to set up auto bill pay and give my parents my deposit slips and access to email passwords.” As far as wardrobe, Lane says he only bought one new suit for the show, but other contestants showed up with “gobs and gobs” of new clothes.
Life inside the mansion
Once filming begins, contestants stay in the “Bachelor Mansion” — an 8,000 square-foot house near Los Angeles complete with six bedrooms, nine bathrooms, a four-car garage and a pool. The house is currently worth about $7.7 million, according to real estate information company Zillow. As the cast is whittled down after weekly rose ceremonies (if you don't get a rose, you go home), the group typically travels to other U.S. cities and, later, foreign destinations.
During each episode, contestants accompany the bachelor or bachelorette on various group dates or one-on-one dates, flying in helicopters, relaxing in hot tubs or engaging in performance or athletic competitions led by celebrities like comedian Amy Schumer and Laila Ali, a retired professional boxer and daughter of Muhammad Ali.
When they're not on dates or filming interviews with producers, contestants are left to pass the time in the mansion or hotel without many distractions. “Filming was mentally and physically exhausting,” Murphy says. “I had to take time out every day to be alone with myself.”
The show provides food for contestants, but when staying in the mansion, any cooking, laundry and other chores are up to them. Some activities have to be improvised — Murphy says a beaten path in the backyard served as a running track for contestants who wanted to exercise in between filming sessions. Though contestants may access a phone in cases of emergency or to talk to their children, most other media, including books, aren't allowed. “You never really go offline like you do on the show,” Murphy says.
For some, that isolation can be relaxing. “My favorite part was being disconnected,” Lane says. Cast members can lounge by the pool, and drink and eat without being bothered by work emails or phone calls.
After the rose ceremony
When the season ends, it is back to reality for the temporary television stars. In some cases, like Murphy's, contestants have been able to return to their former jobs and resume a relatively normal life. (Murphy ended up leaving her job after a few months to pursue a marketing career in Argentina and now runs her own travel blog.)
Others, especially those who are portrayed negatively on the show, have had more trouble. On the show, contestants have claimed to have quit their job to prove their commitment to the process. Lane, who was unemployed when he went on the show after working in corporate finance at J.P. Morgan JPM, +0.47% and other firms, says he has had trouble re-entering the industry. “I didn't understand the magnitude of the show and how hard it is to get a real job right after,” Lane says. “Everyone knows who you are and employers see it as a distraction.” Lane first appeared on the franchise nearly a year ago, and is still undergoing his job search.
It is possible to financially benefit from that fame, but the returns are minimal for most people. Lane estimates that former contestants can make about $2,000 to $3,000 for appearances at bars or other venues, and promoting products on personal social media accounts usually doesn't add up to a livable salary unless you've gained more than a million followers. “It's not a way to make a living, it is more of a supplemental way to get something out of being on the show.”
Despite the downsides to reality TV fame, both Lane and Murphy say they don't regret the experience because of the transition it brought to their lives — for better or worse. “It came at a great time in my life. I came away with a lot of great friends,” Murphy says.
“Everyone has different reasons they do it,” Lane adds. “I did it because I needed a change in my life coming out of a divorce. It was completely opposite from everything in my life up until then.”
This report was originally published on March 11, 2016.
Get the Think newsletter.
Few speeches are more recognizable than the Gettysburg Address. President Abraham Lincoln's soaring 272-word speech at the November 1863 dedication of the Soldiers' National Cemetery stands alone among orations in American history for its clarion statement of American purpose: “that this nation, under God, shall have a new birth of freedom — and that government of the people, by the people, for the people, shall not perish from the earth.”
In the beginning of his speech, Lincoln took care to connect the core ideals on which the United States was founded, and for which the Civil War was being fought, not to the Constitution but to the more aspirational Declaration of Independence — penned by Thomas Jefferson over a decade before the Constitution was ratified. “Four score and seven years ago” wasn't just a clever turn of phrase; it was a subtle but significant elevation of 1776 at the expense of 1787.
Lincoln took care to connect the core ideals on which the United States was founded, and for which the Civil War was being fought, not to the Constitution but to the more aspirational Declaration of Independence.
As Lincoln would have it, Union soldiers weren't fighting for the separation of powers, the Bill of Rights, or even the supremacy of the federal government (although that theme had often been invoked in the earlier years of the war); They were fighting for liberty from tyrannical government and the equality of all men (and, belatedly, women). This, despite the fact that no provision of the original Constitution reflected such principles (and several were expressly antithetical to them). Our “founding,” in Lincoln's view, was not when we agreed to the legal system under which we currently operate; it was when we agreed to a more fundamental commitment to everyone's right to “life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness.”
Even as we go to parades, host barbecues and watch fireworks, we tend to neglect the significance of the fact that our national birthday is July 4, not September 17 (the day in 1787 on which the Constitution was signed) or June 21 (the day in 1788 on which it entered into effect), or April 30 (the day in 1789 on which George Washington was sworn in as our first president). What this choice of birthday suggests is that, whereas we are governed by the Constitution, our national ethos is more than just the sum of the rules of our legal system — which, too many times in American history, have indulged, if not directly perpetuated, inequality and oppression.
We aspire to more because that was our justification for breaking away from the British in the first place. And so, ever since 1870, July 4, and not any other date, has been recognized by Congress as the day on which we celebrate America's birthday — defining our core national identity as one of egalitarianism, first and foremost.
We aspire to more because that was our justification for breaking away from the British in the first place.
Although there is nothing especially meaningful about this particular birthday (our 242nd, if you're counting), I'm reminded of this history as we await President Donald Trump's announcement of his nominee to replace Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy. Assuming his nominee's confirmation, this will lead to a solidification of a solid five-justice majority of “originalists,” i.e., judges who believe that we should interpret the Constitution largely (if not exclusively) through the original words and understandings embraced by the Founders. Although it's been almost a half-century since a majority of sitting justices were appointed by Democratic presidents, it's been over 80 years since there was such a clear, unshakeable conservative majority on the court, and perhaps never one so outwardly committed to originalism.
Forests have been felled over the appropriateness of originalism as a methodology of constitutional interpretation. As Chief Justice John Marshall famously wrote in his 1819 ruling in McCulloch v. Maryland, the Constitution was never meant to have “the prolixity of a legal code,” but was instead meant to be “expounde[d]” by judges according to its “great outlines” and “important objects.”
One of the common normative defenses of originalism is that it leads to more predictable, objective results than what is often described as “living constitutionalism,” i.e., the idea that the meaning of at least some of the Constitution's provisions necessarily evolves in tandem with the evolution of our society. By that reasoning, originalism is grounded in the Constitution's text, whereas living constitutionalism has no polestar other than the (current) judge's (current) beliefs.
One of the strongest defenses of living constitutionalism is that the Constitution itself, like the country, is aspirational — and that we ought to interpret it with at least some reference to our national identity.
But one of the strongest defenses of living constitutionalism is that the Constitution itself, like the country, is aspirational — and that we ought to interpret it with at least some reference to our national identity. Marshall himself, in his 1819 ruling upholding the constitutionality of Congress's power to charter a national bank, reached that decision at least in part based upon a vision of a future, bicoastal economic powerhouse that had little factual basis in Marshall's contemporary reality and little legal basis in the Constitution's text.
In the process, Marshall explained, again without reference to the Constitution's literal words, that “[t]he government of the Union … is, emphatically, and truly, a government of the people. In form and in substance it emanates from them. Its powers are granted by them, and are to be exercised directly on them, and for their benefit.”
Forty-four years later, Lincoln borrowed from Marshall in the closing line of the Gettysburg Address, exhorting listeners to do their part to ensure “that government of the people, by the people, for the people, shall not perish from the earth.” As we, and the next Supreme Court justice, celebrate America's birthday, let us also remember why we celebrate July Fourth in the first place. Because what defines America's greatness (and its shortcomings) is far more than just the sum of the Constitution's text.
Steve Vladeck (@steve_vladeck) is a professor of law at the University of Texas School of Law whose teaching and research focus on federal jurisdiction, constitutional law, and national security law. Steve is co-editor-in-chief of the Just Security blog (@just_security) and co-host of the National Security Law Podcast (@nslpodcast).
Less than a week before the premiere of their new work, choreographers and performers Niv Sheinfeld and Oren Laor show up for their morning coffee looking radiant. The rehearsal process, which has taken up most of their time for many months and is coming to a head this week, suits them. Or maybe it's that they've given up sugar.
Out of a small canvas tote, a jar of unsweetened almond and rice milk is conjured. After emptying its content into steaming coffees, Sheinfeld, 46, and Laor, 47, dive into discussing The Third Dance, which they will unveil on Thursday night as part of the annual Israel Festival.
It has been six years since Sheinfeld and Laor premiered Two-Room Apartment, a reimagining of Nir Ben-Gal and Liat Dror's duet of the same name from 1987. The piece, which began in Israel and quickly took to stages throughout Europe and North America, is an updated, tumultuous and personal interpretation of Ben-Gal and Dror's creation.The original Two-Room Apartment was the second in a trilogy of duets made over three years by Ben-Gal and Dror, then in their early 30s. Each duet had a distinct aesthetic and language and tracked the choreographers' development, both individually and as a couple.“Originally, when we first looked at Nir and Liat's work, I suggested we do The Third Dance,” explains Laor.“I objected,” says Sheinfeld. As a young dancer, Sheinfeld worked with Ben-Gal and Dror. “I asked them if I could learn The Third Dance from the video and they agreed but I never performed it. When Oren suggested it, I thought that Two-Room Apartment would be a better fit for us. It's a much more structured piece, it makes sense. The Third Dance is more poetic. I felt it was a ‘no.'”Sheinfeld goes on to explain that putting himself and Laor into the romance of The Third Dance was daunting.“It borders on pathetic and cliché, even if it's intentional. Also, the dancing in Two-Room Apartment is much simpler and I felt that since Oren comes from a theater background, it would be better for him.”Six years later, Sheinfeld agreed to contend with his initial response to the piece.“We interviewed Nir and Liat about the piece. They said something funny. They said, ‘this is the piece in which Nir decided to dance,'” says Sheinfeld.Over the years, it has become difficult to discern who comes from which background. Though Laor's history may include more line reading than Sheinfeld's, the two are equally strong in both the dramatic and movement components of their works.“Actually, a lot of people have asked me if I'm the one who was originally a dancer after seeing Two-Room Apartment,” smiles Laor.One obvious difference between the original and the new versions is the gender of the performers.“For us, it's not an issue here at all,” says Laor. “It was more an issue in Two-Room Apartment, where the male and female roles are so different.”“In Two-Room Apartment, the man goes to the army and the woman does the laundry,” explains Sheinfeld. “Deciding which one of us would do the laundry and which one would go to the army was the biggest issue of that creation for us.”“In this process, gender was not an issue at all. We never talked about who will do the man's part and who will do the woman's part. It was clear to us that we would do a bit of this and a bit of that.”Putting themselves back into Ben-Gal and Dror's shoes allowed Sheinfeld and Laor to once again check themselves, their artistic practice and their tastes as performers.“If we were to make a duet for ourselves, we wouldn't have gone to the places that we go to in this reimagining of The Third Dance.”“As much as we love pathos, we are also afraid of it. There are things in this piece that we thought we wouldn't do. There's a long French kiss, for example. At first, we said ‘that's pathetic, we can't do it.' But as we went, we started to let go of these barriers and those moments became very meaningful,” says Laor.“In this work, we are confronting how we are in a 16-year relationship. Usually, when you see a couple on stage, you see the battle of the sexes. In this piece, you saw an established couple... a couple that had a living room of their own to drink wine in and listen to Mahler. You see a couple dealing with what you do when you're bored, when you're out of sync. These are things I haven't seen touched on in dance before,” says Laor.Though Sheinfeld and Laor have created many works together, they only once made a duet for themselves, a short intro to the group piece Post Martha, titled Pre Martha. Somehow, working with Ben-Gal and Dror's material allowed Sheinfeld and Laor to hone in on their own relationship.“I always say this, but this process was the most complicated, the longest and the most important for us,” says Sheinfeld. “We had to understand that what we do is create space that enables us to manifest ourselves.”“We discovered new things about ourselves through them [Ben-Gal and Dror], which was the whole point,” Laor adds.The Third Dance will premiere on May 31 and June 1 at the Jerusalem Theater. For more information, visit www.israel-festival.org.il.
It's New York's Finest as you've never seen them — and probably never should.
The commanding officer of the Seventh Precinct on the Lower East Side and eight of his neighborhood coordination officers have recorded a cringe-worthy rap video about their jobs in a bid to relate to kids, sources told The Post.
“‘Cringy' is being kind,'' a police source said.
In the video, which hit social media Friday, the officers portray shady-looking characters standing in a suspect lineup.
One at time, they step forward to rap about their neighborhood patrol duties, rhyming over an apparent karaoke recreation of the instrumental to Drake's “Energy.”
“I got energy, gotta lotta energy,” one officer begins, cribbing from the opening line to the Drake hit while wearing shades and a backward baseball cap. “Tryin' to give the 'hood lots and lots of synergy.”
Commanding Officer Steven Hellman then enters the frame with his hoodie over his head.
“I'm the commander in chief, the 7 CO. Lettin' y'all know how my NCOs flow,” he raps.
Another hip-hop cop admits that his poetic skills are lackluster.
“Eggdrop soups from Ming's, if you need help, give our phones rings,” he says. “Who's the hottest emcee? Haha, not me. I may spit the wackest rhymes, but I can help you solve crimes.”
The video ends with an officer encouraging people to “hit me up on Twitter” as the squad cheers.
The footage appeared to have been taken down after social-media users blasted the outreach effort.
The NCOs are part of the NYPD's new Neighborhood Policing initiative, an effort to connect cops with the community. But several officers told The Post that the video was “embarrassing.''
A retired NYPD cop added, “If this is the new Police Department, I'm glad I'm retired.”
Lower East Side teens agreed the clip won't help cops gain kids' trust.
“I see what they're trying to do, and it's not working. It's ridiculous,” said Makayla Butler, 17, who lives in the Baruch Houses.
“It's hard to watch, actually, because you see it's coming from a good place. I just feel bad for them because I know they put a lot of work into it, but they have no idea what they're doing.”
Dan Villanueva, 17, said the video might have been more effective 20 years ago.
“But our generation is a lot more jaded than our parents' generation,” he said. “If you want us to take you seriously, you have to speak to us like we're intelligent. White cops rapping in a super-corny way — that's just not what we respond to.”
The NYPD did not respond to a request for comment.
Additional reporting by Daniel Prendergast
‘A DANGEROUS ATTITUDE'
– says Chris Ram on Finance Minister Jordan's response to signing bonus scandal
‘Dangerous', is the way Chartered Accountant, Chris Ram has described the attitude of Finance Minister, Winston Jordan's response to the ExxonMobil signing bonus scandal.
Ram said that the only description for this attitude is unmitigated arrogance and a display of ignorance of what constitutes a democracy. He reiterated, “It is more than worrying – it is dangerous.”
Kaieteur News asked Ram if the Government could be forgiven for the manner in which it has chosen to handle this matter, especially with ministers stating that they are not ashamed of what they did.
“This is not a matter of forgiveness. It is not even only one of a sustained pattern of lies and deception by key Ministers over close to 28 months. Under section 85 (a) and (c) of the Fiscal Management and Accountability Act, indictable offences appear to have been committed for which substantial penalties apply.”
“To return to the question, the essential fabric of a government is its relationship with citizens which is grounded in trust and that has been irrecoverably severed. How can anyone be forgiven if they are incapable of remorse, penitence, shame and embarrassment?”
The Chartered Accountant also criticized the money from ExxonMobil which was going into a special account. Ram insisted that the Consolidated Fund is the only and constitutional place where it must go.
It was only a few weeks ago that Ram commended the government on ushering the return of transparency with the promised release of the ExxonMobil oil contract this month. In light of this signing bonus with the USA oil company, Ram said that the administration has revealed its true self and his kudos was premature and misplaced.
Jordan had dismissed signing bonus issue when he addressed the House on Friday last during the budget 2018 debates. He had said that the document which proves that the government is setting up an account at Central Bank to receive the signing bonus from ExxonMobil could have been kept under lock and key.
Jordan said, “Signing bonus seems to be a big issue. I don't know why they calling it a leak. If we didn't want a document in the open we would have pressed it under secret and made certain only certain people saw it. But it was open. The letter that was put in today's (yesterday's) paper was there since last year…”
The economist added, “Ask yourselves why it suddenly appeared in the papers today (yesterday). We don't care. If whoever leaked it felt that that is the approach to how government business is done well so be it. It is out there.”
Image copyright Suffolk Police Image caption Tavis Spencer-Aitkens, 17, died in hospital after being stabbed in the heart in June
A teenager who was killed in a knife attack died from a wound to his heart, an inquest heard.
Tavis Spencer-Aitkens, 17, died in hospital after being attacked in Packard Avenue, Ipswich, on 2 June.
Det Ch Insp Mike Brown said pathology notes also identified "a number of stab wounds, defensive injuries and an injury to the top of his head".
Aristote Yenge, 22, and a 16-year-old boy, who cannot be named, have been charged with his murder.
Tavis was last seen with a friend at a cash machine outside the Co-Op store in Nacton Road at 16:50 BST, about a third of a mile from Packard Avenue.
'Polite young man'
Suffolk senior coroner Nigel Parsley adjourned the inquest at Ipswich Coroners' Court to a date to be fixed "in light of the criminal investigation that's currently taking place".
Tavis's family, who described him as a "well-mannered, polite young man", have appealed for information to bring those who took his life to justice.
His funeral will take place later in Nacton with hundreds of people expected to attend the service at St Augustine's Church.
A procession, led by his family, will start in Packard Avenue in the Queens Way area of the town from the spot where Tavis was killed.
Image copyright Alamy Image caption Floral tributes being prepared for Tavis's funeral which will take place later
Last month his father, Neville Aitkens, said he was "overwhelmed" by community efforts to fundraise for his son's funeral costs.
Tavis's aunt has said he was forced to take part in gang activity and had been pressured to take orders from older people, despite their efforts to steer him away from trouble.
The two people charged with his murder have been remanded in custody and will reappear before Ipswich Crown Court on Thursday.
A total of eight people were arrested by Suffolk Police and questioned in connection with the killing, with two now facing no further action.
Dear Visitor,
Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on.
We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge.
Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site.
So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker's "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site.
​​​​​
HUNDREDS of children across Wrexham would go hungry this holiday without the generosity of others.
The town's MP Ian Lucas has praised the Holiday Hunger project run by the Church in Wales as the necessity of their work in some of the county borough's most deprived areas has been revealed.
During the school summer break in Caia Park they are providing about 115 lunches per day, four days per week at two venues.
In Plas Madoc, 45 lunches are offered per day, four days per week. In Gwersyllt, 20 lunches are made, two days per week
Groups of volunteers use churches to make packed lunches – a large filled roll, fruit and a snack – and these are taken to play providers, who offer open access play, who distribute the food to the children and ensure they have at least one meal that day.
There is similar provision at Christmas, Easter and at other school holidays.
The project began three years ago when Mr Lucas raised the issue of holiday hunger in Wrexham with organisations and faith groups, who began looking at ways to tackle the situation.
Mr Lucas says the project in Wrexham an example for other areas to follow throughout the rest of the UK.
He said: “It is becoming a story on a national basis, there is a drain on foodbanks at the moment because of the demand.
”Here we have an example of churches, the private sector, supermarkets and the voluntary sector all coming together to address the real need in Wrexham and it has worked well in response to the demand.
“At one stage we set up our own events for children to come to but we quickly established the most effective way to provide food was to go to existing playschemes were children were already attending.”
Mr Lucas has worked to raise the profile of the issue in Westminster, alongside other MPs. He has taken part in Parliamentary inquiries on the issue, written for the national media about what is being done in Wrexham, and spoken to other MPs about the work being done
Mr Lucas, who stressed how valued volunteers are who help out with the foodbank, added: ”We need to speak out about the Wrexham scheme as an example so that money is not wasted elseswhere, so that is what I have been doing at a national level – speaking about and pointing out what has been successful here.”
“The growth of the project and foodbanks is a produce of our time, as this wasn't happening 10 years ago,” he added. “A lot of families are under pressure, parents are at work during the school holiday and because they are not home are unable to make a meal, or they are under such financial pressure they simply cannot afford to.”
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) — Thousands of people from across the state were at the Indiana State Fairgrounds on Saturday for the annual Purdue Ag Fish Fry.
The event brings people in the agriculture field together to network and learn about changes in the industry.
Sen. Joe Donnelly stopped by to talk to Hoosier farmers.
He says he takes what he learns from them back to Washington.
“And to be with Hoosier farmers, we're putting a farm bill together coming up. And my wisdom comes from our farmers. They come up with the ideas that we try to put in the bill so this today is a listening session for me,” Donnelly said.
Bloomberg View senior executive editor David Shipley presents an editorial arguing that all U.S. high school students should be required to pass tests of academic proficiency before graduating. This editorial aired on Bloomberg Radio.
Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
IOWA CITY, Iowa-- An Iowa truck driver had to leave his truck - and his puppy - behind. But thanks to two University of Iowa Hospital nurses, he got his beloved pet back.
Robert Prichard had a medical emergency while driving on I-80 and had to be taken to the University of Iowa hospital by ambulance, leaving his four-legged companion, Bandit, behind in his truck.
"If it hadn't been for these two right here, I would have lost him last night," Prichard told WQAD.
Prichard says he feared the puppy could have been put down or given away to another family.
Bandit wasn't, and instead was picked up by the Cedar Bend Humane Society, who says they only euthanize animals in cases of suffering or extreme aggression.
The Humane Society housed Bandit until two University of Iowa hospital nurses were able to pick him up and reunite the truck driver with his puppy.
"I didn't think it was really fair for someone to lose their animal just because they were in the hospital so I wanted to do everything I could," nurse Erin Niles said.
Prichard said it meant the world to him.
"I appreciate it, and nobody has ever treated or helped me like these people have. The main thing is I got my buddy back," Prichard said.
Prichard says he'll take some time off from trucking for now, and plans on hanging out with his faithful driving companion Bandit.
The Humane Society says pets left at the shelter need to be picked up within five days or they will be put up for adoption.
Notre Dame basketball came that close to losing their third game of the regular season, but it isn't the Irish who are having trouble, it's the entire ACC.
In one day, the ACC claimed it's spot as the least predictable conference in college basketball. With three upsets and two more almost upsets happening within opening day of ACC competition, the conference has once again proven there's no clear leader.
As many people begin to doubt Notre Dame's early season success due to their recent troubles, others start to look around the NCAA and notice the current trend the country has begun. It seems that as teams begin to rise, they fall to one opponent or the other. This team doesn't even need to be in the AP Poll top 25 to pull off an upset. No matter who you are, college basketball is unsafe.
Look at Notre Dame, they started the season as hot as any, say North Carolina. Well, while Notre Dame was starting the season off 9-0, the Tar Heels went 7-0. Then, the Tar Heels fell to Indiana like the Irish would do two games later to Villanova.
This isn't Notre Dame. There's no statistics or numbers to prove this isn't the Irish. The only way to see this is not just one team getting overhyped is by looking at all the other teams saying the same thing.
More from Slap the Sign
This is a conference-wide phenomenon that's affecting much more than Notre Dame basketball. In fact, it's happened within the entire top 25. To start, Syracuse has fallen off the face of the earth. Yes, they're an ACC team but just stick with me. Then, Michigan State decided they weren't going to win this season, and Indiana came pretty close to joining them. North Carolina looks like they aren't too far away from another bust year. And to top it off, there is one undefeated team between the ACC, Big East, and Big Ten.
Notre Dame losing two tight games and then almost falling to Pitt isn't a sign that they're overhyped. Just because they started hot and have cooled down since their loss to Villanova doesn't mean this season is over.
What's happened is simple. They've found themselves stuck in the league-wide pandemic of losing. This is no time to think that the Irish aren't going anywhere this season. They have their kinks to fix, yes. But it seems that so does everyone else.
Notre Dame and their fans to stay calm and ride this one out. Eventually, this will all pass, and college basketball will return to its rightful form. Where Duke and North Carolina rule the land, and Notre Dame is the underdog sent to beat them all.
Just be thankful the Irish only have a mild case of the loses. They could be Syracuse.
This article originally appeared on
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Joining the Snurdbirds at state will be the New York Mills Millers, who defeated Detroit Lakes in an elimination game, 5-4, in 10 innings. It will be the Millers second consecutive trip to state, after winning the title last year with a victory over the Angels.
Midway's Jake Lund was named the Region 14C Most Valuable Player. He locked in that award by pitching 22 innings, allowing one earned run, while striking out 31 batters in the tournament. He was the winning pitcher in the state tournament clincher, throwing seven innings of two hit baseball against the Lakers. Lund struck out nine and walked three batters. He helped himself at the plate with three hits in four trips to the plate as well.
Steve Wetterling helped the Snurdbirds' cause with a gigantic day at the plate. He drove in three runs, scored twice, while hitting a solo home run and a two-run double, helping the Snurdbirds cruise against the Angels.
Wetterling gave the Snurdbirds the 2-0 lead with a two-out double in the third inning. Kirk McLeod gave the Angels a glimmer of hope with an RBI single in the fourth, however, he was gunned down at second by Mike Baso. The Angels stranded a runner a third in the inning, trailing, 2-1.
The Snurdbirds got the run back in the fourth with an RBI single by Bobby Lusti in the fourth. The Snurdbirds stretched the lead with sacrifice fly from Baso and an RBI single from Lund. The lead continued to grow in the seventh with Wetterling's solo home run and a wild pitch, which allowed another run to score, making it 7-1 in the seventh.
That was more than enough for Lund and Zach Etter, who pitched the final two innings in the win.
Drew Rasmussen, Chris Baso, Brett Dormanen and Lusti finished with hits for Midway, while Wetterling added two and Lund finished with three.
Josh Bollig, Kirk McLeod and Tom Truedson added hits for Detroit Lakes in the loss. Jackson Nelson took the loss on the hill. He went six plus innings, allowing seven runs on nine hits.
New York Mills 5
Detroit Lakes 4
More often than not, giving away free bases will come back to hurt your chances to win a baseball game and that was the case when the Millers defeated the Angels, 5-4, earning a berth in the Class C State Tournament.
Angel pitching combined to issue nine walks and one hit batter, along with three errors defensively, helping the Millers sneak past the Angels.
On the other side of the diamond, Brandon Kupfer had pinpoint control, walking just one batter, intentionally, during his 10 innings of work.
Kupfer retired the first 16 batters he faced before, Taylor Wood reached on an error in the sixth. He lost the no-hit bid in the seventh inning when the Angels erased a 3-0 deficit, by scoring three of their own.
The Angels grabbed the lead in the eighth, but once again, the Millers found a way to erase a late deficit.
A two-out single by Tyler Patron started the rally. However, wildness from the Angel pen proved costly. Connor Johnson walked Dustin Gaudette and Adam Patron, forcing another pitching change. Brian Cooksey hit Derik Gaudette with a pitch, scoring Patron with the tying run.
Adam Patron started the game-winning rally in the 10th with a one-out walk in the 10th. Derik Gaudette followed with a single and an intentional walk to Collin Teich loaded the bases. Ethan Hendrickx followed with a chopper to third, but Patron beat the wide throw home, giving the Millers the win.
Kupfer pitched all 10 innings for the Millers. He allowed four runs on seven hits. Mike Baune, Kupfer, Tyler Patron and Derik Gaudette finished with hits for the Millers, while Ethan Hendrickx added two.
Kyle Singer had an RBI double for the Angels in their three-run seventh inning. Kirk McLeod and Taylor Wood added RBI singles as well. Connor Johnson drove in a run in the eighth with an RBI double for the Angels.
Brian Cooksey was tagged with the loss in relief. He allowed one run on two hits. He walked one and hit one batter in an inning and 2/3 of work. Scott Schroeder started and went three innings, allowing three runs on three hits. Connor Johnson pitched four and 2/3 of relief, allowing one run on one hit. He struck out eight, while walking six batters.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ROELAND PARK, Kan. -- The state is taking action to help students with dyslexia and other problems reading. A new law creates a task force seeks to help to struggle Kansas kids become more successful in school.
Horizon Academy is a private school that specializes in helping children with learning disabilities.
The head of the school says an estimated one in five children have trouble learning to read.
At Horizon, specially trained teachers work to retrain students' brains, helping them read at the grade level of their peers.
The new Kansas task force will recommend best reading practices for public schools, and develop screening and protocols for identifying children early who have trouble reading. That's when specialized instruction can do the most good.
"For years schools in general have not even recognized the fact that dyslexia is a true learning difference," said Vicki Asher of Horizon Academy. "And it requires a different approach to meeting our students' needs. So it's huge. Even if it's just a baby step. We are out there talking about it, is incredible."
The task force also is expected to recommend inservice training for teachers, so they know alternative methods to help children learn to read in different ways.
Identifying dyslexia can help children become stronger students at an early age and prevent some from being diverted into special education classes, which are costlier for taxpayers.
There are only five states left in the nation that do not have a law addressing dyslexia and other reading hurdles children may face in school.
It's official: Miles Teller has just the right need for speed.
The 31-year-old "Whiplash" star has been cast opposite Tom Cruise in the highly anticipated sequel "Top Gun: Maverick" (in theaters July 12, 2019). Paramount confirmed the news originally reported by trade magazine "Variety."
Teller beat out fellow actors such as Nicholas Hoult and Glen Powell to play the grown son of Nick "Goose" Bradshaw (Anthony Edwards), co-pilot and best friend of hotshot flyboy Pete "Maverick" Mitchell (Cruise). Goose died in the original 1986 "Top Gun."
The newest "Top Gun" star shared the news on Twitter, saying "I feel the need..."
I feel the need... https://t.co/oOcIQW0zGS — Miles Teller (@Miles_Teller) July 3, 2018
Powell took his washout in stride, joking that he was "taking down all the Tom Cruise posters in my bedroom. Maybe, I'll leave one. Two for symmetry. Okay, the posters are staying."
I'm taking down all the Tom Cruise posters in my bedroom. Maybe, I'll leave one. Two for symmetry. Okay, the posters are staying. https://t.co/7gCpNLJCcz — Glen Powell (@glenpowell) July 3, 2018
In the followup directed by Joseph Kosinski (who worked with Teller in last year's "Only the Brave"), Maverick acts as instructor to a new class of fighter pilots. The upcoming movie is also bringing back original star Val Kilmer as Tom "Iceman" Kazansky, Maverick's old rival.
© 2018 USATODAY.COM
Welcome to FTW Explains: a guide to catching up on and better understanding stuff going on in the world. You may have seen the name Mike Francesa trending on Tuesday and wondered what the deal was. We're here to help.
Who exactly is Mike Francesa?
He's a former sports radio host at New York's groundbreaking WFAN, where he started out co-hosting with Chris Russo on Mike and the Mad Dog in the late 1980s. The pair split 10 years ago and Francesa hosted his own drive-time show until December of 2017, when his contract expired. Francesa was replaced by a show co-hosted by Chris Carlin, ex-Jets LB Bart Scott and Maggie Gray.
What happened next?
Francesa made some appearances here and there on various shows but fans were left speculating about what he'd do next — could it be a podcast? A show on a different network? TV? Our best bet was a podcast with Bill Simmons' Ringer network. But through most of April, Francesa hadn't announced his next move.
Then what?
Via Newsday, Francesa dropped a bombshell:
Saying “it is time to return to WFAN,” Mike Francesa told Newsday Tuesday morning that he has been working on a project with the agency CAA that includes working with WFAN in some form.
Wait, he's going to come BACK to WFAN? Why? How?
“How” hasn't been officially answered yet. But the “why” answer from Francesa is a strange one:
“This is for those who started this campaign in recent days. I didn't decide to go back to WFAN until I was told I better not go back. For those behind it, that was the moment I decided to return.”
What campaign?
Your guess is as good as mine. There were people including WFAN morning host Boomer Esiason who ripped Francesa and Russo for talking trash about the station on the air recently.
What's he going to do with WFAN?
Here's a report from The Daily News's Bob Raissman:
Francesa will be back in the 3 p.m.-7 p.m. slot, according to well-embedded Hudson Street (FAN Headquarters) rats. The sources said the 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. slot will be divided between Joe Benigno and Evan Roberts, currently FAN's 10 a.m. – 2 p.m. team, and CMB, aka Chris Carlin, Maggie Gray and Bart Scott, who replaced Francesa earlier this year.
And how might Carlin and that crew feel about this?
Carlin tweeted this Tuesday morning:
How's everybody's day going so far? — Chris Carlin (@ChrisCarlin) April 24, 2018
My phone just melted. — Chris Carlin (@ChrisCarlin) April 24, 2018
Is this potential move due to ratings?
Possibly. The Afternoon Drive was beat by ESPN New York's Michael Kay Show, per Best, but WFAN's show is only four months old. And on Francesa's end, maybe he really didn't want to leave.
How crazy is this?
Francesa had a farewell tour and a final show and suddenly he's reportedly coming back? It's pretty nuts.
The union representing thousands of housekeepers in Las Vegas says Caesars Entertainment has rejected a proposal to include language in a new contract to protect workers if a "Do Not Disturb" sign has been hanging on a doorknob more than 24 hours.
"The guests have a really big protection," Culinary Workers Union, Local 226 secretary-treasurer Geoconda Arguello Kline said.
The Culinary Union on Wednesday said under its proposal, security would open a room "for entry and service" if a guest refuses housekeeping for more than 24 hours.
Caesars employees represented by the union say they don't feel safe entering rooms that have had the sign on for extended periods.
The union is negotiating contracts for thousands of Caesars employees.
Caesars previously announced security would begin checking rooms every 24 hours, even if the sign is hanging on the doorknob. It didn't immediately return a request for comment. A union member said the company has not implemented the 24-hour rule and at times waits days to check a room.
"This has been a serious issue on the table. Its the safety of the people we're talking about," Arguello Kline said.
The Associated Press contributed to this story.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Good morning, here are our early stories:
-- International Campaign To Abolish Nuclear Weapons Wins 2017 Peace Prize.
-- Las Vegas Shooter's Life Comes Into Focus, But Not His Motive.
-- Speaking Freely, Retiring Sen. Corker Warns GOP He Could Oppose Tax Plan.
And here are more early headlines:
Trump's Cryptic Reference To "Calm Before The Storm". (NBC)
Nate Predicted To Hit U.S. Gulf Coast As A Hurricane. (NHC)
U.K. Leader Says She Has Support After Speech With Mishaps. (BBC)
Questions About Catalonia's Independence Effort. (New York Times)
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
The Westshore Rebels host the Okanagan Sun Saturday night at 7 p.m. at Westhills Stadium.
President Trump condemned the terror attack in Manhattan on Monday — more than eight hours after an improvised bomb detonated near the Port Authority.
“Today's attempted mass murder attack in New York City — the second terror attack in New York in the last two months — once again highlights the urgent need for Congress to enact legislative reforms to protect the American people,” the president said.
Trump said the explosion was another example of why Congress and the courts must not impede his tough immigration agenda.
“First and foremost, as I have been saying since I first announced my candidacy for President, America must fix its lax immigration system, which allows far too many dangerous, inadequately vetted people to access our country,” he said.
The president specifically lashed out at “chain migration,” which gives preference to individuals who are related to immigrants who are already here legally.
“Today's terror suspect entered our country through extended-family chain migration, which is incompatible with national security.
“My Executive action to restrict the entry of certain nationals from eight countries, which the Supreme Court recently allowed to take effect, is just one step forward in securing our immigration system. Congress must end chain migration,” he said.
And he called on lawmakers to beef up customs enforcement by hiring new agents.
“Congress must also act on my Administration's other proposals to enhance domestic security, including increasing the number of Immigration and Customs Enforcement officers, enhancing the arrest and detention authorities for immigration officers, and ending fraud and abuse in our immigration system,” he said.
“Second, those convicted of engaging in acts of terror deserve the strongest penalty allowed by law, including the death penalty in appropriate cases. America should always stand firm against terrorism and extremism, ensuring that our great institutions can address all evil acts of terror.
The attack in the Big Apple occurred at roughly 7:20 a.m. The White House emailed Trump's statement to the press at 4:48 p.m.
In between the attack and the statement, the president found time to tweet out an attack on The New York Times.
“Another false story, this time in the Failing @nytimes, that I watch 4-8 hours of television a day – Wrong! Also, I seldom, if ever, watch CNN or MSNBC, both of which I consider Fake News. I never watch Don Lemon, who I once called the ‘dumbest man on television!' Bad Reporting,” the commander-in-chief wrote.
Police are seen in body camera footage released by Metro showing the events of 1 October. (LVMPD)
Survivors of 1 October were reacting to the newly released video and information. While some said they absolutely will not watch the videos, others were eager to get some answers.
“Physically I'm fine, mentally, I can't get over it,” William King said.
At the Route 91 Harvest Festival, King was shot in the back. While he's doing well in physical therapy, he said he still has flashbacks of 1 October.
“This is one of the only massacres that has no answers – nothing – nothing to this,” King said.
For months, King was fixated on getting those answers.
“It's sad because I catch myself at one point searching the web constantly then I just had to tell myself, ‘Stop. Just stop.'” He said.
So seven months later, King said he was relieved Metro released body camera video.
[RELATED: Las Vegas Metro police release 1 October body camera footage]
“It's like being in the desert and needing water,” King said. “I run to it. When I knew there was news coming out... I really thirst for information. and I think that all comes with, we all want some answers.”
King works as a bellman at Delano. He watched the first videos of the shooter released by MGM.
“Who would have known? Those coworkers of mine were just trying to give good service,” he said.
He admitted while it was hard to watch, living with so many questions had been just as tough.
“I'm ready. It's reality,” he said. “If it can make me more comfortable, I'm all for it.”
During the press conference on Tuesday, Sheriff Joe Lombardo gave the public a warning.
“We believe the release of this graphic footage will further traumatize a wounded community,” he said. “If you are a survivor or family who lost a loved one, you should know the video from this concert is disturbing and graphic.”
King said it's worth the risk if these videos can finally bring him some peace of mind.
[RELATED: Las Vegas police release preliminary report on 1 October investigation]
“Whether it's going to trigger something or make me emotional, it's fine. I'm okay with that,” King said.
King watched the first video released. He said it was frustrating and left him with even more questions.
Another survivor, Li'Shey Johnson said she was not ready to watch the videos. She visited the festival grounds for the first time after seven months.
At the Resiliency Center, therapists and volunteers released their own video after Metro's announcement.
They said if anyone needs help after watching Metro's videos, they are available as a resource. The Resiliency Center can be reached by phone at 702-455-2433.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
The Iota Phi Lambda Sorority is honoring local Black history makers, Marco Merrick, Marcus Smith and Tarrell Parker, for their contributions to spiritual music. The program and a light reception are on Feb. 18 from 3 p.m. to 5 p.m. at Freedom Temple AME Zion church, 2926 Hollins Ferry Road, Baltimore, Maryland 21230. Call 410-636-4747 for more details.
Associated Press
BERLIN — Scientists say they're several steps closer to perfecting a method for saving the northern white rhino from extinction.
Writing in the journal Nature Communications, researchers said Wednesday they've succeeded in creating embryos using frozen northern white rhino sperm and eggs from a southern white rhino.
Start your day with the news you need from the Bay Area and beyond.
Sign up for our Morning Report weekday newsletter.
It's the first time such hybrid embryos have been created, and the scientists from Europe and the United States hope it will provide a pathway to saving the northern white rhino sub-species, of which only two females remain.
They plan to harvest the females' egg cells soon and produce “pure” northern white rhinos to be borne by a southern white surrogate in three years. They're also working on a second method that would see sperm and eggs produced from preserved cells of northern white rhinos.
A Clark County School District police vehicle is shown in an undated image. (File)
A Bob Miller Middle School student had been reported for making a threat against the school, according to Clark County School District police.
According to CCSD police, the student made the threat while in a fight and the statement was caught on video.
Capt. Ken Young with CCSD police said that there was no credibility to the threat.
The school administration had dealt with the student.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
ST. CLOUD, Minn. (WCCO) — The NCAA Men's Hockey Tournament starts Friday and the team to beat is St. Cloud State. The Huskies are the No. 1 overall seed for the first time in school history.
“Ahh, it means nothing, to me,” coach Bob Motzko said.
Motzko's been around too long and seen too many things to think there's any reason to feel good about being the No. 1 overall seed.
“Anybody can win this tournament. So that means there are 16 teams in the tournament, and anybody can win it. And the last handful of years, a 4-seed's won the tournament,” Motzko said. “So if you start thinking that a number place in front of your name is giving you entitled rights to anything, you're silly.”
But that said, the St. Cloud State coach does feel really good about his team.
“We like our hockey team. A lot,” he said. “They're a great group of guys, great leadership, they train hard, a lot of confidence, a lot of depth.”
Well if there's a way you want to be playing heading into a tournament, it's the way St. Cloud is playing now. The Huskies have only lost twice in their last 16 games.
“Best thing I can tell you, is we love coming to the rink every day, with this group. They've got a great work ethic, we've got good skill, we can make plays,” Motzko said.
…all things they'll hear very little about from him this week. They've got a great opportunity, and he'll be too busy drilling into their heads over and over how possible it is they could blow it.
“It's been an exciting year, and now it all cranks up, a whole new ball game, now you go in the NCAAs,” Motzko said. “So, they're ready for the challenge.”
With the college hockey spotlight shining brightly upon them, they better be.
The Huskies open the tournament at 3 p.m. on Friday against Air Force, in Sioux Falls.
It's a decidedly Minnesota regional, just across the border — Duluth and Mankato are the other two teams.
The Gophers did not make the NCAA Tournament. They were left out by .0001 in the Ratings Percentage Index.
Country stars are coming out in full force to be a part of 1 Night. 1 Place. 1 Time: A Heroes & Friends Tribute to Randy Travis on Feb. 8 at Nashville's Bridgestone Arena.
Travis Tritt, Kane Brown, James Dupre, Scotty McCreery, Joe Nichols, Collin Raye, The Bellamy Brothers and Ricky Traywick have been added to the already stellar lineup that includes Alabama, Kenny Rogers, Rodney Atkins, Chris Janson, Jamey Johnson, Montgomery Gentry, Michael Ray, Ricky Skaggs, Michael W. Smith, The Randy Travis Band, Tanya Tucker and Josh Turner.
More artists will be announced in the coming weeks.
After suffering a massive stroke in 2013, Randy has made remarkable strides toward recovery, recently singing “Amazing Grace” at his Country Music Hall of Fame induction ceremony in October as well as the tagline to his iconic “Forever and Ever, Amen” at the 2016 CMA Awards in November. A portion of the proceeds of the tribute concert will go to the Randy Travis Foundation, a nonprofit that raises money for stroke research and rehabilitation.
Tickets are on sale now at all Ticketmaster locations and the Bridgestone Arena box office.
Cyborgs at Work: Employees Getting Implanted with Microchips The syringe slides in between the thumb and index finger. Then, with a click, a microchip is injected in the employee's hand. Another "cyborg" is created. What could pass for a dystopian vision of the workplace is almost routine at the Swedish startup hub Epicenter. The company offers to implant its workers and startup members with microchips the size of grains of rice that function as swipe cards: to open doors, operate printers, or buy smoothies with a wave of the hand. The injections have become so popular that workers at Epicenter hold parties for those willing to get implanted. "The biggest benefit I think is convenience," said Patrick Mesterton, co-founder and CEO of Epicenter. As a demonstration, he unlocks a door by merely waving near it. "It basically replaces a lot of things you have, other communication devices, whether it be credit cards or keys." The technology in itself is not new. Such chips are used as virtual collar plates for pets. Companies use them to track deliveries. It's just never been used to tag employees on a broad scale before. Epicenter and a handful of other companies are the first to make chip implants broadly available. And as with most new technologies, it raises security and privacy issues. While biologically safe, the data generated by the chips can show how often an employee comes to work or what they buy. Unlike company swipe cards or smartphones, which can generate the same data, a person cannot easily separate themselves from the chip. "Of course, putting things into your body is quite a big step to do and it was even for me at first," said Mesterton, remembering how he initially had had doubts. "But then on the other hand, I mean, people have been implanting things into their body, like pacemakers and stuff to control your heart," he said. "That's a way, way more serious thing than having a small chip that can actually communicate with devices." Epicenter, which is home to more than 100 companies and some 2,000 workers, began implanting workers in January 2015. Now, about 150 workers have them. A company based in Belgium also offers its employees such implants, and there are isolated cases around the world where tech enthusiasts have tried this out in recent years. The small implants use Near Field Communication (NFC) technology, the same as in contactless credit cards or mobile payments. When activated by a reader a few centimeters (inches) away, a small amount of data flows between the two devices via electromagnetic waves. The implants are "passive," meaning they contain information that other devices can read, but cannot read information themselves. Ben Libberton, a microbiologist at Stockholm's Karolinska Institute, says hackers could conceivably gain huge swathes of information from embedded microchips. The ethical dilemmas will become bigger the more sophisticated the microchips become. "The data that you could possibly get from a chip that is embedded in your body is a lot different from the data that you can get from a smartphone," he says. "Conceptually you could get data about your health, you could get data about your whereabouts, how often you're working, how long you're working, if you're taking toilet breaks and things like that." Libberton said that if such data is collected, the big question remains of what happens to it, who uses it, and for what purpose. So far, Epicenter's group of cyborgs doesn't seem too concerned. "People ask me; 'Are you chipped?' and I say; 'Yes, why not,'" said Fredric Kaijser, the 47-year-old chief experience officer at Epicenter. "And they all get excited about privacy issues and what that means and so forth. And for me it's just a matter of I like to try new things and just see it as more of an enabler and what that would bring into the future." The implants have become so popular that Epicenter workers stage monthly events where attendees have the option of being "chipped" for free. That means visits from self-described "body hacker" Jowan Osterlund from Biohax Sweden who performs the "operation." He injects the implants -- using pre-loaded syringes -- into the fleshy area of the hand, just next to the thumb. The process lasts a few seconds, and more often than not there are no screams and barely a drop of blood. "The next step for electronics is to move into the body," he says. Sandra Haglof, 25, who works for Eventomatic, an events company that works with Epicenter, has had three piercings before, and her left hand barely shakes as Osterlund injects the small chip. "I want to be part of the future," she laughs. © 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved. Read more on: Microchips, Cyborg, Robotics, Near Field Communication, NFC, Privacy
If Tim Tebow's stat line has not justified even his meager salary, his drawing power sure has.
The former Heisman trophy winner was paid $10,000 this season while playing for the Single-A Columbia Fireflies and St. Lucie Mets and contributed to the largest rise in minor league baseball attendance in 23 years, according to ESPN.
Attendance for Fireflies games increased by 54,000 fans (21 percent) over last season during Tebow's tenure in Columbia, and the effect was more pronounced when he joined St. Lucie at the end of June, contributing to a 37 percent rise in visitors to the ballpark.
Similar results were seen during road games, where the Fireflies drew an additional 2,591 fans over the home teams' season averages.
The last time the minors saw such a spike in attendance was thanks to another popular cross-sport athlete taking a stab at professional baseball: Michael Jordan.
Tebow's numbers don't stack up against Jordan's, but the NBA champion was the single most recognizable sports brand in the world at the time. Add to that the fact Jordan was playing Double-A ball in larger stadiums than Tebow, and the difference in their numbers is easily explained.
The point remains – Tebow was a huge draw and a tremendous boon to the clubs he played for and those he visited.
A Baseball America study conducted in June placed the value of Tebow's contribution to ticket sales, parking, concessions and other revenue at $1.6 million.
In other words, the Mets organization got precisely what it wanted out of Tebow.
When the erstwhile NFL quarterback announced he would try his hand at baseball, many saw the move as nothing more than a publicity stunt, a money-making venture and a distraction. All of which made him a perfect fit for the Mets' desultory strategizing.
Tebow's .226 batting average and 126 strikeouts in 126 minor league games at the Single-A level make him an unlikely candidate to save the Mets' floundering big league club. But putting his name on the back of a Mets jersey has clear advantages, as evidenced by the numbers. And at $10,000 a year, the bargain is too good to pass up.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
People in Reading and Berkshire can expect a sun-soaked weekend and scorching temperatures.
That is according to the Met Office, which has forecast sunny skies and temperatures of around 26°C on Saturday, June 17 and Sunday, June 18.
Temperatures rose on Wednesday, June 14 with a maximum of 25°C expected in some places but it looks like they could get even hotter at the weekend.
Meteorologist Aidan McGivern has stated that "30°C is possible by the weekend" in the south of England as large movements of warm and cool air over the Atlantic ocean are expected to create an amplified jet stream which may "direct very warm air across the UK".
This means that sun lovers in Reading and surrounding areas may experience warmer weather than people in Jamaica and Barbados.
If you're thinking about heading to the beach to enjoy the sunshine, you'll be pleased to learn Reading's not that far from some of the country's best.
Stay up to date with the latest news via the free getreading app.
Download it for Apple devices here and Android devices here
Israel has been pressing Italy in recent weeks to stop blocking new EU sanctions against Iran, Channel 10 reported on Tuesday. Senior officials told the Israeli broadcaster that earlier in April, Foreign Ministry Director General Yuval Rotem invited Italian Ambassador to Israel Gianluigi Benedetti for a meeting in Tel Aviv to express his dissatisfaction with the Italian position which prevents the implementation of further sanctions on the Iranian regime.
According to the report, the consent of all 28 member states of the European Union is necessary in order to approve the new sanctions against the Islamic republic and Italy is the only country opposing the program.
This new package of sanctions was introduced by Britain, France and Germany, aiming to stifle the Iranian missile program as well Iranian activities in Syria, Lebanon, Iraq and Yemen. The program was intended to show the Trump government that the EU is serious in its activity against Iran and thus persuade the American president not to withdraw from the nuclear agreement.The Italian ambassador, in the meeting with the Foreign Ministry Director General, clarified that his country was blocking sanctions against Iran because they believed the timing was not suitable.A senior Israeli official commented that Italy's hesitations stemmed from a series of business contracts signed by Italian companies in Iran which are estimated to be worth billions of euros and could help Italy overcome its economic crisis.In the meeting, Rotem told the Italian ambassador that Israel expected Italy to re-consider their position and it was agreed that a delegation of the Foreign Ministry and representatives of the Israeli security establishment would make a trip to Rome in order to discuss Israel's information on Iran's activities in the region and the missile program and try to persuade the Italians to change their position.This comes as the deadline of May 12 for the overhaul of the nuclear agreement set by United States President Donald Trump is approaching rapidly. On January 12, Trump issued a statement in which he gave Europeans 120 days to agree to change made to the nuclear agreement, threatening that if his revisions were rejected, he would scrap the deal altogether.In response, earlier in April Iranian officials threatened that if the nuclear deal was discarded, Iran would be able to restore its halted uranium enrichment process within a matter of days, and that Iran was indeed preparing for every potential scenario.French President Emmanuel Macron, who is currently in Washington trying to convince Trump not to tear up the accord, emphasized on Fox News on Sunday that there is no other option but to preserve the deal. “What is your plan B? I don't have any Plan B for nuclear against Iran,” he stated.UN High representative for Disarmament Affairs Izumi Nakamitsu on Monday also urged parties to the Iran nuclear deal not to abandon it , saying that "We hope that all of its participants remain fully committed to its implementation and long-term preservation."Additionally, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov stated on Monday he had agreed with his Chinese counterpart that Moscow and Beijing would try to block any US attempt to sabotage the nuclear deal.On Tuesday morning, Iranian President Hassan Rouhani again warned US President Donald Trump to stay in the nuclear deal or face "severe consequences" and Secretary of Iran's Supreme National Security Council Ali Shamkhani threatened that Iran might withdraw from the NPT (nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty) if the deal was scrapped.US President Donald Trump said on Tuesday evening he and French President Emmanuel Macron could have an agreement soon on the Iran nuclear deal."I think we really had some substantive talks on Iran. And we're looking forward to doing something," Trump told reporters after a meeting at the White House with Macron. "We could have at least an agreement among ourselves very quickly. I think we're fairly close to understanding each other."Reuters contributed to this report.
SWIFT CURRENT, Sask. — Two more people have been charged with second-degree murder in the death of a man in southwestern Saskatchewan.
The body of Logan Ring, who was 21, was discovered last November in Saskatchewan Landing Provincial Park north of Swift Current.
RCMP say Colin Perrault and Todd Donaldson were arrested Thursday in Swift Current and are to appear in court Tuesday.
The arrests bring to five the number of people who have been charged with murder in the case.
The other three include Jolene Epp, Tanisha Perrault and Rebecca Kuhlman.
Police say the accused all know each other and knew the victim.
“I can't imagine how difficult the past eleven months have been for Logan Ring's loved ones,” Staff-Sgt. Murray Chamberlin of the RCMP Major Crime Unit said Friday in a release.
“Our thoughts are with them during what must have been a very difficult week. While we can't provide further details about the investigation, I can confirm that it is ongoing.”
Image copyright Getty Images
When it comes to trade with the rest of the world, the European Union is sometimes accused of having high barriers and protecting its own producers.
It's an allegation that some supporters of Brexit have been making for some time.
The charge has had something of resurgence in the light of the renewed debate about exactly what sort of customs arrangement Britain should have with the European Union in the future.
But does it stand up?
The EU does certainly have barriers to trade, and they do, one way or another, raise the cost of imported goods.
But every country on the planet has some sort of barriers. So how does the EU compare?
Relatively low
Tariffs - taxes that are levied only on imported goods - are the most readily quantified and compared.
For the most part, the EU's tariffs are relatively low.
There are a number of ways of calculating an average. You can take a "simple" average, or you can weight the tariffs in line with the amount of trade that's affected. Both have drawbacks and advantages.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption For the most part, the EU's tariffs are relatively low
Then you can look at "bound" tariffs, the amount that countries have pledged in the World Trade Organization that they won't exceed. Or you can look at applied tariffs, the amount they actually impose which can be lowed, sometimes by a large margin.
On any basis, the EU's average tariffs are fairly moderate but certainly not the lowest. The lowest figure for the EU is the trade-weighted figure for applied tariffs (the most recent in the WTO database is 2015). It was 3%.
That's higher than the US (2.3%) and Japan (2.1%), but lower than Australia (4%) or Canada (but only just at 3.1%). Some developing countries have higher levels, such as 10.4% for Brazil.
But the major developed economies can't match Hong Kong, which has no tariffs.
Sector by sector
If you drill down into particular sectors, then you get a more varied picture. Tariffs on farm produce tend to be higher, including in the EU. The trade-weighted average is 7.8%, and that is a good deal higher than the US figure of 3.8%.
But if you want to sell agricultural goods into Switzerland there's an average tariff of nearly 30%.
One complaint sometimes made against the EU by its British opponents is about tariffs on goods from developing countries, notably from Africa.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Average tariffs on farm produce are higher in the EU than in the US
Although there are some tariffs, most African nations benefit from an EU arrangement that allows almost completely tariff and quota free access for their goods. It's known as Everything but Arms. It applies to those nations (not just in Africa) classified as least developed.
Many others benefit from Economic Partnership Agreements or other arrangements that give extensive tariff-free access to the EU market.
The EU also has free trade agreements which allow many other countries duty-free access (though not necessarily for all goods). Among others that covers Canada, Chile and South Korea.
Japan has such an agreement with the EU though it has not yet come into force. The big gap on that list is the US. Negotiations were launched in 2013 though they have stalled.
Nor does the EU have free trade agreements with the two largest developing economies, China or India. In the case of India talks have made slow progress, partly due to British reluctance to agree the more liberal visa regime sought by New Delhi.
With China the EU is negotiating an investment agreement, but not a trade deal.
Disguised protection
There's more to trade barriers than tariffs, however. The other things that exporters have to contend with are known collectively as - surprisingly enough - non-tariff barriers (NTBs).
They include product standards, health and safety regulations, and labelling requirements. In many service industries there are licensing requirements and restrictions on who is eligible for authorisation.
Although suppliers may have to comply with such rules in their home market, if they want to sell into a country where the rules are different there is likely to be additional cost.
Global trade
More from the BBC's series taking an international perspective on trade:
There are often good reasons for such barriers - such as protecting consumers - but they do have an impact on trade and they can be a form of disguised protection for national suppliers.
One of the few analyses arguing that Brexit would be economically beneficial was based on the idea of the UK eliminating tariffs and also NTBs.
Is the EU especially guilty in this area? NTBs are hard to quantify and compare, though some economists have tried.
One analysis looked at measures to restrict trade that countries are required to report to the World Trade Organization. The EU came third behind the US and China for the number of measures notified.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption When it comes to services, all barriers to trade are NTBs
Looking at service industries, all barriers to trade are NTBs. There are no tariffs on services. In this sector the EU's single market is less complete than it is for goods, so research by the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) looked at individual EU countries.
The report covered 22 service industries in 44 nations (rich countries and some of the more advanced emerging economies) 23 of them EU members. Eight of the 10 least restrictive were EU members.
The EU also supports its farmers with subsidies. The system clearly helps them survive in the face of international competition. The OECD's estimate of total subsidies to farmers was close to $100bn in 2016.
But the EU is a very large economy and if you look at how much of farmers' incomes come from subsidies the EU doesn't stand out so much. It's more generous to farmers than the US but less than Japan, South Korea, Norway, Iceland or Switzerland.
Fairly liberal
The conclusion is that the EU does indeed protect some of its producers, especially farmers, from outside competition, although the EU's single market means they are fully exposed to competition from within the EU.
The EU can't claim to be the world's freest trader, but on many measures it's toward the more liberal end of the spectrum.
Britain may be able to go even further in that direction and remove barriers to trade unilaterally.
That will depend on what withdrawal agreement is reached with the EU and on a political judgement by the government about what changes to, for example, food standards it - and voters - are willing to accept.
16% Drop In Convictions For Rape & Attempted Rape In Scotland
By Connor Gillies
There has been a 16 per cent drop in the number of convictions for rape and attemped rape in Scotland, Capital has learned.
The figures emerged after a closer look at official Scottish Government statistics.
There were 104 convictions in 2015-16 compared to 124 in 2014-15.
More than 1800 victims contacted Police Scotland during the most recent period to say they had been attacked.
Rape Crisis Scotland said the figures were "worrying" and raise concerns over a "justice gap".
Capital's Connor Gillies reports:
The Crown Office declined our invitation for an interview but a spokesperson said: "The prosecution of sexual offences is complex and challenging.
"These crimes often occur in private outwith the presence of independent witnesses. There may be no forensic evidence particularly if the offence is historic in nature.
"Conviction rates are affected by these factors. Despite this year's fall, the number of convictions for rape and attempted rape have nearly tripled since 2010-11.
"The Crown takes a firm and rigorous approach to sexual offending. It has a specialist unit which deals with sexual offences. Its specialist prosecutors are experienced in the investigation, analysis and presentation of these cases. The Crown will continue to support the victims of sexual offences and seek to bring sexual offenders to justice."
Detective Superintendent Pauline McCallum said: "Police Scotland has taken a tough stance against rape and those who commit these offences, investigating every report it receives and pushing for the highest tariff offences.
"Working closely with partners, the force's focus is to prevent rape and sexual assault, to raise awareness and to tackle sexual crime.
"We acknowledge that rape is an under-reported crime. We want to encourage people to come forward and to report. Police Scotland officers will listen and will act. We will continue to work collaboratively to ensure that victims are given every opportunity to engage with us and be supported by partner agencies to allow them to have the confidence to report.
"We will continue to work with partners and actively seek their feedback in order to inform our process, organisational learning and improve outcomes for victims. We will continue to work closely with COPFS, health and victim support agencies to provide a more holistic and effective service to victims of rape."
A middle school teacher in Georgia is under fire after she allegedly assigned students the task of creating a mascot for the Nazi party.
The homework assignment requested students in a social studies class at Shiloh Middle School, in Gwinnett County, to “think about all of the information that you have learned about Hitler and the Nazi party” and to create a mascot for it, according to Fox 5 Atlanta.
“The year is 1935 and you have been tasked with creating a mascot to represent the Nazi party at its political rallies,” the assignment read. “Think about all of the information that you have learned about Hitler and the Nazi party. You will create a COLORFUL illustration of the mascot. Give the mascot a NAME. You will also write an explanation as to why the mascot was chosen to represent the Nazi party.”
Objections to the assignment were raised by parent Jamie Brown, who thought it was inappropriate and questioned its purpose.
“When you talk about mascots, mascots are used to be happy, to promote something, a positive representation like UGA [sic] so really we're doing a Nazi party mascot? What are we celebrating?” Brown told Fox 5.
The mother added she doesn't feel an assignment about Nazis is appropriate in the U.S.
“I just don't think, right now, at this time and place in America this is the time for that,” Brown said. “We need to start looking at the things that bring us together and stop looking at things that separate us as a human race.”
Brown added: “I can only imagine the pain of other students the pain of other students that are of Jewish descent that you would be forced to draw something that is absolutely demeaning to not only u but an entire race of people and this nation for fear of getting and for a failing grade.”
The Gwinnett County School District said in a statement to Fox 5 Atlanta that while the topic of the Nazi party is studied, the assignment was not appropriate and not approved by the social studies department of the school.
“As outlined in the Georgia Standards of Excellence curriculum for 6th grade social studies, students study the conflict and change in Europe, including the aftermath of World War I, the rise of communism as a result of the Russian Revolution, the Treaty of Versailles, the rise of Nazism, and worldwide depression,” the school said. “In studying this time period, they learn about Nazism, the use of propaganda, and events which resulted in the Holocaust.
“This assignment is not a part of the approved materials provided by our Social Studies department and is not appropriate and the school is addressing the use of this assignment with the teacher.”
Rain and snow mix it up in Charlotte
While the North Carolina mountains and foothills got measurable snow on Friday Charlotte got a cold rain with an occasional glimpse of snow.
Professional wrestling legend Bruno Sammartino, the longest reigning WWE Champion in history, passed away last week at the age of 82.
At the start of Monday Night Raw, the first WWE show since Sammartino's death, the Raw roster took the stage wearing Sammartino gear for a 10-bell salute. WWE also created a moving tribute video for the late icon, recapping some of his greatest accomplishments.
× Legends Outlets will be closed on Thanksgiving
KANSAS CITY, Kan. — The Legends Outlets will be closed on Thanksgiving for the second consecutive year.
A spokesperson for the shopping center says that while some retailers may choose to continue operations on Nov. 23, the shopping center will be closed.
The Legends Outlets will reopen Friday, Nov. 24 at 6 a.m., for those wanting to go Black Friday shopping.
The shopping center will host its 13th annual Legendary Tree Lighting Ceremony Saturday, Nov. 18. They plan to have live entertainment, family friendly activities, prize giveaways and more. The event will run from 5 – 8 p.m., while the center's holiday light show will continue through early January.
By SHANNON DOVE STAFF WRITER ROSSFORD — Sometimes the shots just won't fall. Unfortunately, that seems to be an ongoing theme for Fostoria High School. Rossford withstood a fourth-quarter rally by the Redmen in a 58-48 victory Friday in Northern Buckeye Conference boys basketball action….
Highlights from the news file for Friday, Oct. 6
———
BOMBARDIER HIT WITH HEFTY ANTI-DUMPING DUTIES: Bombardier has been slapped with more American duties on exports of its CSeries commercial jet. The American Commerce Department added nearly 80 per cent in preliminary anti-dumping duties. The Montreal-based aircraft manufacturer faces a total tariff of almost 300 per cent when combined with last week's almost 220 per cent countervailing duties. The duties involve an ongoing dispute with Boeing, which has accused Bombardier of getting unfair subsidies.
———
COURT GREEN LIGHTS DESTRUCTION OF RESIDENTIAL SCHOOL RECORDS: The Supreme Court of Canada has ruled that records detailing the abuse of former residential school students can eventually be destroyed. It upholds a lower court ruling that said the sensitive material collected for the independent assessments should be destroyed after 15 years. Students provided accounts of physical, sexual and emotional abuse as part of an independent assessment process to provide compensation.
———
FEDS ANNOUNCE SCOOP COMPENSATION: An Ontario First Nations leader expressed hope Friday that a compensation package for '60s Scoop survivors will put a stop to Indigenous children being stolen from their culture and identity. Beaverhouse chief Marcia Brown Martel made the comments as the federal government announced $750 million in compensation. Starting in the 1960s, Indigenous children were taken from their homes and placed with non-Indigenous families because officials thought they would get better care.
———
ECONOMY CONTINUES TO CREATE JOBS: Canada's jobless rate remained at a nine year low of 6.2 per cent last month after Canada say a net increase of 10,000 new jobs. The rise in full-time work more than offset a drop of part-time jobs, but last month's net job gain was driven by growth in public-sector employment. CIBC chief economist Avery Shenfeld called the numbers "ho-hum" last month and in line with other signals of a moderation in economic growth.
———
HOLOCAUST PLAQUE TO BE REDONE: The federal government is redoing a dedication plaque at the National Holocaust Monument in Ottawa after criticism that it fails to mention Jewish victims of the Nazis. Prime Minister Justin Trudeau dedicated the monument last week but the wording was noticed immediately. Martin Sampson of the Centre for Israel and Jewish Affairs says the government has acknowledged the error and the plaque will be replaced.
———
SWEDISH MAN ACCUSED OF RAPING GIRLS IN CANADA: A man in Sweden is charged with raping girls in Canada and two other countries entirely through online contact. Swedish prosecutors call it a potentially precedent-setting case. Bjorn Samstrom is currently on trial facing dozens of charges. Prosecutors allege that Samstrom coerced girls to perform sexual acts in front of webcams by threatening them or their families. They say prosecutors reached out to Canadian authorities and the case was brought to the attention of the RCMP, who worked with local police to identify the girls.
———
MAN PLEADS GUILTY TO THROWING AN OBJECT AT QUEBEC PREMIER: A man who threw something at Quebec Premier Philippe Couillard has pleaded guilty to assault. The incident involving Esteban Torres occurred in 2016 at a vigil for victims of the Orlando massacre. The object in question was never recovered but Torres said at the time it was a ball of paper.
———
ASSISTED DEATHS ACCOUNT FOR ONE PER CENT OF CANADIAN DEATHS: The federal government says there were nearly 1,200 medically assisted deaths in the first six months of this year. The government says that works out to about 0.9 per cent of all deaths nationally. In the last six months of 2016, the first time medically assisted suicide was legal, there were 803 assisted deaths, or 0.6 per cent of all deaths.
———
HUMAN WILDLIFE ENCOUNTERS ON THE RISE IN BC: The British Columbia conservation service says there have been more than 20,000 encounters between people and wildlife in the province this year. Officials say more than 14,000 of the complaints were about black bears, 1,500 involved cougars and 430 were about grizzly bears. Nearly 500 bears have been destroyed after run-ins with humans, 469 of them black bears and 27 grizzlies.
———
POLL SAYS ONLY ONE QUARTER OF RESPONDENTS SAY U.S. HEADING IN RIGHT DIRECTION: Just 24 per cent of Americans now believe the country is heading in the right direction after a tumultuous stretch for President Donald Trump. Recent months have included the threat of war with North Korea, stormy complaints about hurricane relief and Trump's equivocating about white supremacists. It's a 10-point drop since June, according to a poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research. Nearly 70 per cent of Americans say Trump isn't level-headed, and majorities say he's not honest or a strong leader.
———
The Canadian Press
Dozens dead after twin blasts in Baghdad Twin suicide bombings rocked a busy Baghdad market Monday, killing 38 and wounding 105 more in the deadliest attack there since officials declared victory over the Islamic State in December....
Inside Saddam Hussein's final days in US captivity They hadn't signed up for this. The squad from the 551st Military Police Company was a dusty dozen who'd enlisted out of a combination of patriotism, a steady paycheck, or...
Death toll rises after ISIS attack in Baghdad BAGHDAD — A massive bombing by the Islamic State group outside a popular ice cream parlor in central Baghdad and a rush hour car bomb in another downtown area killed...
Suicide bomber wreaks havoc on busy Baghdad ice cream shop A suicide car bomber blew himself up outside a popular ice cream shop in Baghdad — killing at least 13 people and injuring 24 others — after they stopped fasting...
Car bomb kills dozens in Baghdad, ISIS takes credit BAGHDAD — A car packed with explosives blew up on Thursday in southern Baghdad, killing at least 48 people and wounding 55, security and medical sources said, in the deadliest...
Several killed after ISIS suicide bomber strikes Baghdad funeral BAGHDAD — A suicide bomber struck a funeral gathering in Baghdad on Saturday, killing at least 35 people and wounding more than 60, Iraqi police and hospital officials said. The...
Fire at Baghdad hospital kills 12 newborn babies BAGHDAD — A fire ripped through a maternity ward at a Baghdad hospital overnight, killing 12 newborn babies, government officials said Wednesday, a deadly blaze that was likely caused by...
Baghdad death toll climbs to make attack Iraq's deadliest in a year BAGHDAD — Iraqi officials say the death toll from Sunday's devastating truck bombing at a bustling Baghdad commercial street has climbed to 142. The bombing, claimed by the Islamic State...
At least 121 people killed in 2 bombings in Baghdad BAGHDAD — At least 121 people were killed Sunday in two bombings in the Iraqi capital, including a large-scale attack claimed by the Islamic State group that killed 86 people...
Kenyan gay and lesbian organizations demonstrate outside the Nigerian High Commission in Nairobi on February 7, 2014. Simon Maina / AFP/Getty Images
African countries have some of the most prohibitive laws against homosexuality in the world: Same-sex relationships are a crime across much of the continent and can lead to imprisonment or the death penalty.
Apata ran away from her husband after she was pressured to marry which led to a Sharia court sentencing her to death for adultery and witchcraft. She then fled to London, where she claimed asylum for the first time in 2004.
Right groups celebrated the decision to grant Apata asylum but said more needed to be done to protect LGBTQ asylum seekers.
“Our dear friend Aderonke Apata has finally been granted refugee status after years of fighting for justice,” said UK activist group
Right to Remain. “She is a true inspiration.”
Paul Dillane, executive director of LGBTQ rights group
Kaleidoscope Trust and a witness in Apata's case, said her decade-long legal battle was an “egregious miscarriage of justice.”
“Seeking asylum is not a crime and LGBT people fleeing persecution must be protected under the law. In my years of working with refugees, Aderonke's case stands out as an egregious miscarriage of justice,” Dillane said in a statement to the Thomson Reuters Foundation.
Related:
Seeking Refuge in Kenya, LGBTQ Ugandans Find Themselves in Limbo
The Home Office said it “remains committed to improving the asylum process for those claiming asylum on the basis of their sexual orientation and gender identity.”
Apata said the practice of assessing Africans' sexual orientation claims based on Western standards was problematic.
“They expect an LGBT person to have used sex toys, to go to gay clubs,” Apata told the Thomson Reuters Foundation in May.
She has worked with several gay rights groups across Britain and is helping other LGBTQ Africans who are going through the same process.
Follow
NBC Out on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram
West End singer Kerry Ellis, The Royal Philharmonic Concert Orchestra and the renowned Nottingham Trent University Choir are joining forces at Nottingham Royal Concert Hall this weekend for A Night On Broadway.
This musical extravaganza will be an evening of some of the most popular Broadway hits.
Kerry Ellis has fast become recognised as the first lady of West End musicals from her starring roles in London and on Broadway.
She has also had chart-topping success as a with her debut album Anthems
The Royal Philharmonic have an international reputation, having performed in concert halls across the globe and are known for their performances of light and popular music.
The talented university choir will be led by conductor, Matthew Hopkins and the concert will also feature the NTU Dance Troupe.
The concert is on Saturday, April 22 at 7.30pm.
Tickets are available on 0115 9895555 or www.trch.co.uk
Philadelphia's hopes of winning its first Super Bowl now rest on the shoulders of Nick Foles. Yeah, not good, but it could be a lot worse, Eagles fans. Not buying it? Well here are three reasons you should be optimistic about Foles' return to the stating lineup…
1. The Jeff Fisher effect
Just look at the top of the NFC standings if you want to know how badly Fisher affected his quarterbacks. Case Keenum has led the Vikings to a 10-3 record while posting a 98.6 passer rating. Jared Goff has the Rams sitting at 9-4 and his passer rating is up to 99.2. Those two had ratings of 76.4 and 63.6 under Fisher last season.
Our negative perception of Foles is based entirely on his 2015 season in St. Louis, during which he produced a 69.0 rating over 11 games. Outside of those games playing under Fisher, Foles numbers look A LOT better:
Comp%: 61.9%
Yards/Att.: 7.5
TD: 49
INT: 17
Rating: 94.7
Not bad. Foles mentioned that he nearly retired after his lone season in St. Louis, and it's easy to see why. But Fisher can't hurt you anymore, Nick.
2. Foles knows with the system
Not only has Foles escaped Fisher's outdated offense, he's back playing in a scheme the employs a lot of the same passing concepts Chip Kelly used during Foles' remarkable 2013 season. And this is his second year in this system, having played under Doug Pederson's mentor, Andy Reid, in Kansas City last year. Foles played well in relief of Alex Smith in this same scheme. At the very least, he'll be comfortable.
3. The Eagles can mask his weaknesses
Foles' biggest weakness is his inability to handle pressure. Luckily, the Eagles' offensive line has been good at preventing pressure this season, even after Jason Peters went down for the season with a knee injury. If the offensive line can give Foles clean pockets to throw from, he should play well. And if he doesn't, they can always lean on the running game, which is growing stronger than Jay Ajayi gets more acclimated to the team.
The Geordie blonde has history with one of the boys in the Love Island villa – will that past catch up with them on ITV2?
Ellie Brown was one of two new girls who entered the Love Island 2018 villa on Sunday 17th June – and she came with a warning.
Advertisement
“I'm very short tempered,” she said bluntly ahead of joining the show. “I haven't got the ability to look past a situation when I'm in it. If somebody annoys me in that moment, I get very emotional. I say things that I will probably regret saying.”
With that in mind and with tensions guaranteed to be high in the Love Island villa, what else do we need to know about Ellie?
The 20-year-old is a business development manager from Newcastle, and says her Geordie personality will shine through on ITV2.
“Us Northeners have a lot of banter,” she says, “I could talk to a piece of paper if it would speak back. I'm a cheeky Geordie with loads of energy.”
That Newcastle connection could also be significant, too, as she says she knows fellow Love Islander Adam: “I do know Adam. And I've met his ex. Newcastle is very small so everyone knows everyone. We all speak. If I saw him in a nightclub I would say ‘hello' but we've not been in the same friendship circle. I knew Alex Beattie from last year, I knew Sophie Gradon from series two.”
What is Ellie looking for in a guy?
Ellie said before joining Love Island that she already had her eye on Dr Alex George: “I'm in love with Alex! I absolutely love him.”
However, she insists that she doesn't have just one type, explaining, “My two ex boyfriends are so polar opposite, it's unreal. One was muscly, tall. The other was not much taller than me and a bit older. I'm not looking for anything specific. If they make me happy, they're for me, and if they don't, they're not for me.”
As for turn-offs, she says “arrogance, cockiness and bragging” are her biggest pet peeves. “If you've got to brag and boast about it, you probably haven't got it.”
She's already taken note of Adam's cockiness: “Adam is a bit like that but when I think he realised that it was starting to hurt people, he pulled back. Who calls themselves a ten out of ten? No one is a ten out of ten. Except maybe Beyonce.”
A post shared by Ellie Brown (@brown.elle) on Jan 15, 2018 at 2:06pm PST
Who is Ellie Brown? Key facts
Who is Ellie coupled up with on Love Island? Alex George
Age: 20
Job: business development manager
Location: Newcastle
Instagram: brown.elle
Advertisement
Love Island airs daily at 9pm on ITV2
All four major parties in the Welsh assembly are facing leadership contests for one reason or another. Here is a guide to the "who, why, and when".
Labour
Image caption Carwyn Jones is standing down after nine years as Welsh Labour leader and first minister
Why is there a contest?
Carwyn Jones shocked the Welsh Labour conference in April when he announced he would step down as their leader and first minister at the end of the year. He said he had been through "the darkest of times" - a reference to the death last November of Carl Sargeant, four days after Mr Jones sacked him as communities secretary.
Who is in the running?
Finance Secretary Mark Drakeford was first to declare, with backing from more than the minimum five AMs needed for the nomination. Vaughan Gething, Eluned Morgan and Huw Irranca-Davies have also said they want to stand, but given the rules and the numbers already backing Mr Drakeford, only two others can get on the list.
When will the winner be named?
Welsh Labour will hold a special conference in September to decide the rules of the contest, amid debate over whether it should be one member one vote (OMOV) or an electoral college which gives more weight to the views of MPs, AMs and organisations such as trade unions. The result is expected around early December, nine years to the month that Carwyn Jones took over from Rhodri Morgan.
UKIP
Image caption Neil Hamilton was ousted as group leader by Caroline Jones in May
Why is there a contest?
Neil Hamilton was ousted as leader of the five-strong UKIP group in May by Caroline Jones, who promised a more collaborative approach to Senedd politics. The former Tory MP vowed to regain the group leadership, prompting UKIP HQ in London to step in and order a ballot of UKIP members in Wales to settle the row.
Who is in the running?
Neil Hamilton and Caroline Jones have both declared their intention to stand, along with Gareth Bennett, who has vowed to campaign to abolish the assembly.
When will the winner be named?
UKIP has said it expects to announce the result of the membership ballot by the end of July.
Conservatives
Image caption Andrew RT Davies told the BBC he knew of moves to unseat him more than a year ago
Why is there a contest?
Andrew RT Davies quit the leadership last Wednesday feeling he had lost the support of his colleagues. He had been condemned within the party the previous Friday for accusing firms such as Airbus of undermining Brexit by voicing their concerns about the impact on trade. But the ardent supporter of Brexit later told BBC Wales he had been aware of moves to unseat him for some time.
Who is in the running?
Interim leader Paul Davies has said he would like the job on a permanent basis, and Suzy Davies has also put her name forward. While both backed Remain in the 2016 referendum on Europe, former Welsh Secretary David Jones has said the next assembly group leader should reflect what he called the "overwhelmingly Eurosceptic" views of grassroots members in Wales.
When will the winner be named?
A postal ballot of Welsh Conservative members will take place in August, and the result declared on 6 September.
Plaid Cymru
Image copyright Plaid Cymru Image caption Adam Price and Rhun ap Iorwerth will challenge Leanne Wood for her leadership of Plaid Cymru
Why is there a contest?
Plaid rules allow for a leadership contest every two years, with the window for a challenge closing on Wednesday. Despite Leanne Wood's high profile in TV election debates in recent years, there has been unhappiness within party ranks at the apparent lack of progress in terms of AMs and MPs elected. In June Ms Wood said she would welcome a contest and felt "very" confident of winning it.
Who is in the running?
Earlier in June Rhun ap Iorwerth said he had "no plans" to challenge Ms Wood, but has announced a bid saying she had invited a debate on Plaid's leadership and supporters had urged him to stand. On Monday, Adam Price called on Ms Wood to share the leadership with a man to boost Plaid's fortunes or face the prospect of a challenge. She turned the proposal down and Mr Price has now thrown his hat into the ring too.
When will the winner be named?
Plaid Cymru says it will announce a timetable shortly.
What about the Liberal Democrats?
Image caption Jane Dodds (R) with ex-Welsh Lib Dem leaders Kirsty Williams and Lord German
The Welsh Lib Dems had a leadership election last November, when Jane Dodds beat Elizabeth Evans in a vote of the membership. She took over from Mark Williams, the last remaining Welsh Lib Dem MP who stepped down after losing his Ceredigion seat at the 2017 general election.
With the only Lib Dem AM Kirsty Williams serving in the Welsh Government as education secretary, the party changed its rules which previously said the Welsh leader had to be an AM or MP.
(CNN) -- For most people, their first thought upon hearing of the shootings at a baseball practice for Congressional Republicans went something like this: Why are members of Congress on a baseball diamond at 7 a.m. on a weekday?
The answer is the Congressional Baseball Game, a tradition among lawmakers going back to the early part of the 20th Century.
"It's one of the best things we do," Sen. Rand Paul, who was at the practice when the shooting broke out, told CNN Wednesday morning.
"Every year, with a few interruptions, Senate and House members of each party team up to settle scores and solidify friendships off the floor and on the field," according to the game's website. "Members usually sport the uniform of their home states and districts, and although proportional representation is not required, elected officials of many states play to win every year."
In the run-up to the game, which is scheduled to be played tomorrow at Nationals Park, both sides -- Republicans and Democrats -- hold early-morning practices in neighborhoods around Washington.
"There's not much scheduling going on up here at 6:30 in the morning, so in terms of practice, there are no excuses," freshman Kansas Rep. Roger Marshall, a Republican, told Roll Call in a preview piece on the game.
As news of the shooting at the Republican practice broke, Democrats were preparing to practice too. "Thoughts and prayers w my Republican baseball friends this morning," tweeted Colorado Rep. Jared Polis. "Dem practice canceled holding in dugout w security."
The game began in 1909, pushed by Rep. John Tener of Pennsylvania, who once played pro baseball for the Baltimore Orioles, among other teams. It continued, generally unbroken, until 1958 when Speaker Sam Rayburn ended it because the game had grown "too physical," according to the game's official website. Four years later, Speaker John McCormack re-started the game -- and began its association with the Roll Call newspaper.
Over the past two decades, the game grew into a bigger and bigger deal. When I covered the game for Roll Call in the early 2000s -- I attended the game as a fan several other times -- it was played in Prince George's County at the home of the Bowie Baysox. It moved to RFK Stadium in Washington, DC for a brief period in the 2000s. The game has been at Nationals Park since 2008.
Democrats had dominated for years thanks to the golden arm of Rep. Cedric Richmond, a Louisiana Democrat. Republicans broke that streak in 2016 when they claimed an 8-7 victory.
Check out this piece from The Atlantic from 2013, "The fiercest battle in DC is on the baseball diamond."
For a chance to win N10,000 in cash in the NB Weekly Quiz, please review the NB Weekly magazine and answer the question that follows. The winner and runners-up will be selected at 12pm on the 19th of April 2017. Winner and runners-up will be displa...
We've dissected the Warriors' thrilling Game 1 playoff victory over the Blazers from many different angles, now take a closer look at some of our favorite photos from Sunday night.
Related Articles Steph Curry nearly starstruck by Serena Williams in filming Chase ad
Five observations from the Warriors 121-109 Game 1 win over the Blazers
CJ McCollum, Damian Lillard unbothered by Draymond Green's constant trash-talk
Warriors All-82 podcast: Recapping Game 1 of Blazers-Warriors
Watch: Bay Area Sports Insiders – Green's defense leads Warriors in playoff opener After checking out our staff photographer's shots, you can read how Draymond Green's defense, solid offense from Kevin Durant and Stephen Curry, and timely contributions from others made the different in the Warriors' 121-109 win.
For complete game coverage and analysis, go here. Click here if you have trouble viewing the photos on your mobile device.
We drank vodka after every meal so everything was kind of a blur, but Russia was still lit
A post shared by Lorenzo Figueroa (@lo_figueroa) on Jul 20, 2017 at 9:43am PDT
ST. MATTHEWS, KY (WAVE) - A St. Matthews area man has been charged with the burglary of a Catholic grade school.
>> MUGSHOTS: December 2017 Roundup
Cameron Erik Edwards, 18, was arrested Dec. 9 on one count of burglary, 3rd degree.
According to St. Matthews police, Edwards was recorded on surveillance video forcing an exterior door to Holy Trinity Parish School, located at 501 Cherrywood Lane, open which allowed him and several others to get inside.
MORE FROM WAVE3.COM
+ Man charged with 3 knifepoint business robberies
+ Crosses at Highland Baptist for victims of violence
+ Doorbell security camera captures package theft
After being read his rights, police said Edwards admitted to breaking the door open and entering the building.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Microsoft To Delete Software that Bullies Users into Paying for Upgrades
Starting next month, Microsoft will be on the lookout for software that uses alarming or misleading notifications to scare users into paying for added security protection. Microsoft will then delete that software via Windows Defender Antivirus and other Microsoft security programs.
Microsoft has noticed an increase in the number of free cleaner or optimizer programs using coercive language to drive people to pay for "premium" versions of their software, Terry Myerson, executive vice president for the Windows and Devices Group, said in a blog post Tuesday. Under Microsoft's new security criteria, such products will now be classified as malware or unwanted software.
In other news, Microsoft yesterday reported Q2 financial results that showed the company with $28.9 billion in quarterly revenues as of Dec. 31, 2017, a 12-percent increase over the same period in 2016. Income for the quarter took a hit from a one-time, $13.8 billion charge due to the Trump- and GOP-led tax bill approved by Congress in December. However, without that bill, which slashed rates for U.S. firms' overseas cash holdings from 35 percent to 15.5 percent, Microsoft would have had to pay over $28 billion more to repatriate those funds.
Coercive Messages='Unwanted Software'
In unveiling Microsoft's new security criteria for software, Myerson called the use of scary warnings to persuade users to buy software upgrades "problematic." Those new criteria will go into effect March 1.
"In the future, programs that display coercive messaging will be classified as unwanted software, detected, and removed," Myerson said on the Microsoft Secure blog. "This update comes in addition to our other long-standing customer protection requirements designed to keep our customers from being deceived by programs that display misleading, exaggerated, or threatening messages about a system's health."
Two years ago, Microsoft criticized cleaner and optimizer programs for not providing users with more detailed information about the system errors and security problems they claimed to address. At that time, Microsoft updated its security criteria to require providers of such software to improve transparency so users could decide how valid such errors were and how helpful the software might be.
'Increasingly Complex Threat Environment'
Microsoft's latest changes flag software not only for using exaggerated or alarming notifications, but for suggesting to users that there is no other method to correct the reported errors or problems. They also target programs that tell users they must act within a limited period of time if they want problems to be corrected.
Cleaner and optimizer programs have been connected to other security issues as well. In September, for example, Cisco threat intelligence researchers discovered that malware designed to collect information about users' PCs had somehow been inserted into a free optimization tool called CCleaner.
The tool's maker, Piriform, shut down the server receiving users' information and notified customers and law enforcement authorities. The security software company Avast linked the malware, believed to have affected some 2.27 million PCs, to a larger, sophisticated attack on technology and telecommunication companies in the U.S., as well as in Germany, Japan, Taiwan, and the U.K.
During yesterday's earnings call, Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella described an "increasingly complex threat environment" that includes recently discovered chip-level vulnerabilities, such as Spectre and Meltdown.
"Our investments to make Windows 10 the most secure, always up-to-date operating system enabled us to move quickly to protect customers in the face of these threats," Nadella said.
Image credit: Microsoft; iStock/Artist's concept. Pictured (left to right): Samsung Galaxy Book 10, ASUS VivoBook Flip, Dell XPS 13, HP Pavilion 15, Lenovo Ideapad Flex 5.
Dirima
From the first day that you stepped into an elementary school PE class, it was drilled into your head (not a dodgeball): exercise is a good thing for you. If you exercise, your physical health will benefit (here are some other benefits from exercise that aren't weight loss). But according to a new study, the benefits go way beyond your lungs, biceps, and quads, all the way to your brain.
One hour of exercise each week can prove to fight off depression, according to the Telegraph. New research published in The American Journal of Psychiatry took a look at the link between exercise and depression using a study group of over 33,000 adults.
Participants in the study who reported not exercising at all were reportedly 44 percent more likely to suffer from depression than participants who exercise one to two hours per week. Additionally, the study found that in 12 percent of the reported cases of depression, a small amount of exercise could have been used to prevent it entirely.
“These findings are exciting because they show that even relatively small amounts of exercise, from one hour per week, can deliver significant protection against depression,” says Professor Samuel Harvey, the study's lead author, to the Telegraph “These results highlight the great potential to integrate exercise into individual mental health plans and broader public health campaigns.”
Over the span of 11 years, the study kept track of exercise activity and symptoms of depression and anxiety in 33,908 Norwegian adults, also taking into account variables such as socio-economic background, instances substance use, body mass index, perceived social support, and new onset physical illness.
Considering the numbers and the sample size, it's pretty fair to call them airtight enough to warrant a daily walk. Need some motivation to get moving? Here are some motivating tricks to adopt some easy exercise routines in your life.
[Source: The Telegraph]
Elaine Wynn Leading Casino's Board Post-Scandal Overhaul
Elaine Wynn, the ex-wife of Steve Wynn, who is also the biggest shareholder and co-founder of Wynn Resorts, is leading the casino boardroom makeover after the sexual misconduct scandal allegations. Gullane Capital Partners' Trip Miller discusses with Bloomberg's David Westin on "Bloomberg Daybreak: Americas." (Source: Bloomberg)
Dear Visitor,
Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on.
We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge.
Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site.
So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker's "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site.
(credit: CBS)
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — Fans from both Boston and Philadelphia have invaded Minnesota — one group used to winning, the other hungry for a win.
At Frank from Philly cheesesteaks in Dinkytown, Luis Lozada and his family have come for a little taste of Philadelphia. But what he'd really like is a taste of victory, for once.
“We're not the Cubs, and we got the Phillies from 2008. But (we're) definitely a city that's faced a lot of disappointment over the years. If you look at all the championship runs that have fallen just a little bit short, this is our chance. I think it's time. They've got to get it done,” Lozada said.
Just across the river at Smack Shack it's lobsters and oysters, and lions eating with lambs. Unlike Eagles fans still chasing their first Super Bowl title, the Patriots are awfully used to success. They've been to seven of the last 16 and won five of them.
So, are they sick of it yet?
“No, I don't think we can get sick of it. I think we want to make sure that we win all the championships we can before Brady retires,” Patriots fan Johnny Alcivar said.
“Hey look, we're not even supposed to be here,” Eagles fan Jose Fuentes said. “We've been underdogs the whole time, so I'm like very opportunistic about the game tomorrow. So let's go.”
Two different fan bases with two very different outlooks on Super Bowl 52.
“I absolutely feel like this is our year,” Lozada said. “This is the first time in a long time you get that gut feeling like they've overcome so much adversity and they're standing right at the cusp of getting that first Super Bowl championship. I think they're going to do it.”
The next Cottage Market in Newbridge takes place on Saturday June 2 in Newbridge Town Hall.
It runs from 10am to 2pm.
“Come along and support local growers, bakers and makers as we celebrate our first birthday,” said the organisers.
“Enjoy over 30 stalls of fabulous local produce, family entertainment and a friendly atmosphere.”
THIS three-level home overlooking wetland and ocean maximises views from its elevated site.
With three bedrooms and two bathrooms as well as a fully self-contained flat on the ground floor, this home provides plenty of options, whether you are looking for accommodation for extended family or extra income.
The hard-wearing, low maintenance PVC cladding set upon a ground level of brick is well suited to coastal conditions.
A conservatory-style entrance way shelters the front door. This opens to an impressive atrium-style lounge and dining area with vaulted timber ceilings and lots of north-facing windows to make the most of the fabulous outlook.
Stairs lead to the top floor, which opens to a mezzanine-style foyer overlooking the living area.
Ranch sliding doors off the living area lead to a wide balcony that wraps around the side of the house and enjoys magnificent ocean views.
The tile-floored kitchen is off the dining area and has east-facing windows that bring in lots of morning light.
A door leads through to the double, internal-access garage, laundry and workshop area.
There is one bedroom on this level, off the lounge, which has two double wardrobes and a sliding door accessing the main balcony. This bedroom also has a separate entry to the downstairs bathroom.
The bathroom is tiled in white with wet area shower as well as a bath and separate toilet.
The two upstairs bedrooms both have ranch sliding doors opening to their own private balconies. They share a second bathroom with shower, toilet and vanity.
The downstairs flat takes up the entire ground floor and has its own separate driveway.
It consists of a spacious lounge, bedroom, bathroom-laundry and kitchen. It even has its own outdoor clothesline.
Sliding doors open to a sheltered patio area from both the lounge and bedroom.
A garden path leads down from this patio to a cobblestone courtyard surrounded by tropical-style gardens.
With lots of off-street parking there is plenty of space to keep a boat or campervan.
The vendors are expecting interest over $700,000.
MORNING SUN: A modern kitchen with east-facing windows. LIVING LARGE: This three-storey home has magnificent views over wetland and ocean.
Professionals
17 Arawa Street, Matata
Agent: Allison LaursenAgent:
Phone: 07 307 0165 or 021 427206
Set sale date: October 17, 2pm unless sold prior
Open home: Sunday, 2pm-2.30pm
OPINION
Time to Reduce U.S. Military Presence in the Middle East
By Jonathan Power*
LUND, Sweden (IDN-INPS) - Reporting on President Donald Trump's new energy policy which plans for a big increase in domestically produced oil and gas, the Financial Times reported: “Exports of gas have begun, with the first shipments of Liquefied Natural Gas leaving the Sabine Pass facility on the border between Texas and Louisiana a year ago. Since then trade has grown and the U.S. now supplies a dozen different gas markets around the world.” The U.S. is all set to speed this up.
Trump is stepping on the accelerator of what had begun a year ago, and not just with gas but with oil too. He is driving not only to raise gas and oil exports but to achieve U.S. energy self-sufficiency. Increased shale and coal production, support of the huge Keystone XL pipeline from Canada and the removal of restrictions on venting gas production from developments on federal land, are all part of his mix.
There are two lessons from this. Oil prices are unlikely to return to their extraordinary high levels of a couple of years ago and it raises the important question: why is the U.S. spending $75 billion a year on its military presence in the Gulf?
There would be some risks in a strategy of reducing the U.S. military presence in the Middle East but they are hypothetical risks, as Professors Charles Glaser and Rosemary Kelanic point out in the current issue of Foreign Affairs.
Since oil is fungible, Middle East suppliers could possibly disturb the world price with irresponsible behaviour, meant to rock the boat – which even the U.S. would have to work hard to protect itself from. But this depends on some unlikely scenarios. The first is that a Gulf country could conquer some of its oil and gas-producing neighbours. In reality there is no such regional hegemon on the horizon. Iraq is down and out. Iran is fixated on internal threats. Saudi Arabia is not interested in territorial conquest.
A second hypothesis is that Iran might disrupt the flow of oil through the so–called “choke-point” of the 21 mile-wide Straits of Hormuz that gives access to the Gulf. Iran certainly does not have the capability to close the strait completely. Even more important is that if it tried to Iran would shoot itself in the foot, making it difficult for it to supply world markets at the level it wants.
Thirdly, there is no evidence that, after coming through the drama of its deal making with Europe, the U.S. and Russia over its nuclear program, that it wants to get into another confrontation. It wants to get on with its own development. It wants more sanctions lifted, which means making that unambiguously clear.
The fourth hypothesis is that one of the main producers might suffer massive internal instability that interfered with its oil production. Saudi Arabia is the nightmare scenario. Saudi Arabia has its problems and its rulers need to get on with some badly needed changes, not least with the role of women, the observance of human rights and democratic practice in the political arena, but hardly anyone foresees an upset of such proportions that its oil and gas production is seriously affected.
The situation in Iraq is improving. Iran is not ripe for revolution. Neither are the Gulf's smaller states.
Even in the highly unlikely event of one of these hypotheses proving correct the U.S. has its massive Strategic Petroleum Reserve to fall back on, storing around 700 million barrels which is part of the 4 billion barrel reserves held by members of the International Energy Agency.
China also is developing its reserves. This would give the Western countries 8 months of oil. Even if there was not one NATO soldier posted to a Gulf state it wouldn't take 8 months for forces to be brought in from home or other parts of the globe where they are deployed.
The U.S. has other ways to protect the Gulf. Besides increasing the size of its Reserve it can actively encourage other countries to do likewise. It can work to decrease its own energy demand from cars, lorries and planes. Trump could pick up where Barack Obama left off in pushing for more fuel efficiency and expanding wind, solar and tidal sources of power and speeding the spread of electric cars. He could even increase taxes on vehicles – which of course he is unlikely to do, except that if an emergency starts to loom even he might decide to do that.
The U.S. and its NATO allies need to longer commit so many military resources to the Gulf. Not only is the expenditure not needed it would help pull the rug from under the Islamists who shout and scream about Western imperialism, and fight. [IDN-INPS – 14 February 2017]
Note: For 17 years Jonathan Power was a foreign affairs columnist for the International Herald Tribune. He has forwarded this and his previous Viewpoints for publication in IDN-INPS. Copyright: Jonathan Power.
Photo credit: dailymail.co.uk
IDN is flagship of the International Press Syndicate.
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - Embattled Councilman Dan Johnson wrote a letter of apology to Councilwoman Jessica Green on Wednesday.
>> READ: Johnson's apology letter
Johnson is facing multiple accusations of sexual harassment, including one by Green that he grabbed her buttock, squeezed it and then continued to whisper in her ear and laugh. She said the incident happened prior to a press conference with Mayor Greg Fischer.
He began the short letter by saying, "I am so sorry you felt I improperly touched you inappropriately on purpose and that you thought I was laughing when I said it was not on purpose."
Later in the letter, Johnson wrote, "I could not see where my hand was as we prepared to take the photo."
An aide to Councilwoman Angela Leet also filed a complaint recently.
"According to the legislative assistant, he lost his pants one or two times while in the parking lot around her and led to her feeling uncomfortable," Minority Caucus Director Stephen Haag said.
Apparently, Johnson's bare buttocks were exposed in the incident last year.
"By itself it didn't rise to the level of maybe concern," Haag said. "But with some of the allegations that have come up in the last few days, prompted her to want to come forward also."
Johnson recently denied the harassment claims to WAVE 3 News, saying they were "all untrue." He even tweeted that Green touched him first, that he was harassed, but later removed that tweet.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Two goals from Alexis Sanchez and Mesut Ozil were enough to rescue a win for Arsenal away at Middlesbrough, keeping alive the Gunners' hopes of finishing in the top four
Arsenal started the game 10 points adrift of fourth place, and Middlesbrough were six points away from climbing out of the relegation zone.
Arsene Wenger started the match with three at the back, giving Rob Holding a rare start. While neither side impressed in the first half, Sanchez curled in a fine free-kick past a static Brad Guzan.
In the second half, Alvaro Negredo equalised for the home side, and with 20 minutes of normal time left, Ozil won it with a low shot from close range.
With the victory, Arsenal move into sixth on goals scored, while ‘Boro now look doomed in their attempts to stay up. Arsenal's post match celebrations betrayed their relief after a difficult period.
TALKING POINT
Has Arsene Wenger tinkered too late? A drop to three at the back is hardly rocket science, but putting three central defenders helps to shore up a weak central defence, and gives more bodies in the middle of the park too. It certainly helped the side to play their three best attacking players, and gave Oxlade-Chamberlain and Nacho Monreal the chance to assist in attack and defence. It wasn't a great performance, but it was far better than it has been.
MAN OF THE MATCH
Stewart Downing (Middlesbrough): While he ended up on the losing side, Downing was ‘Boro's most threatening player, and the most dangerous player on the pitch. His deft cross into the box for Negredo created a goal, and had he seen more of the ball he could have given Arsenal's new-look defence a tougher time.
PLAYER RATINGS
Middlesbrough: Guzan 6, Barragan 6, Ayala 6, Gibson 6, Fabio 7, Clayton 6, De Roon 6, Leadbitter 6, Ramirez 6, Downing 7, Negredo 7. Subs: Friend 6, Traore 6, Gestede 6.
Arsenal: Cech 6, Gabriel 6, Koscielny 5, Holding 6, Oxlade-Chamberlain 7, Ramsey 6, Xhaka 6, Monreal 6, Ozil 7, Alexis 7, Giroud 6. Subs: Bellerin 6, Coquelin 6.
KEY EVENTS
37′ – RAMSEY FOUL – Ramsey should be off. He goes in late, studs-up into Clayton's shins. Because the contact isn't thuddering, no real damage is done, and he isn't even booked. Absolutely awful refereeing.
42′ – GOAL! ‘Boro 0-1 Arsenal. Sanchez scores – Sanchez arcs a free kick from the middle of the pitch, 25 yards out, into the top corner to Guzan's right, the ‘keeper doesn't move. A superb free kick.
50′ – GOAL! Middesbrough 1-1 Arsenal. Negredo scores – Downing breaks down the right wing, comes onto his left foot and clips an excellent ball into the box for Negredo to put it past Cech to equalise.
61′ – AYALA HEADER – Ayala meets a cross from Downing after it's headed back across goal by Friend, and it's cleared off the line after Cech falls backwards to beat it out.
63′ – GUZAN SAVE – Sanchez picks out Ozil with a measured through-ball, and as he sets himself to shoot, Guzan rushes out to block the run and clear the ball.
71′ – GOAL! ‘Boro 1-2 Arsenal. Ozil scores – Sanchez floats a ball into the box gently, Ramsey deftly chests it into the path of Ozil, who whallops a shot low into the near corner.
KEY STATS
Middlesbrough have yet to win in 2017.
Image copyright PA
NHS trusts in England have reported a combined financial deficit that was nearly twice the amount planned.
There was a deficit of £960m in the last financial year compared with the £496m they had planned for, the regulator NHS Improvement said.
Acute hospitals were largely responsible, mainly because of increased patient demand, it said.
All other providers, including ambulance and mental health trusts, had collectively underspent, it added.
The latest reported deficit is reached after taking account of extra financial support provided by the government.
Therefore, the Nuffield Trust think tank argued that the true underlying figure was much worse, as the finances had to be patched up with one-off savings and emergency extra cash.
Senior policy analyst Sally Gainsbury said: "Given the huge pressures on NHS providers, it is not at all surprising that the reported deficit for 2017-18 is £960m.
"As we have previously warned, there is a widening gap between what we are asking the NHS to do and what we are funding it to do."
Janet Davies, chief executive and general secretary of the Royal College of Nursing, said: "Theresa May and Philip Hammond cannot allow this financial knife-edge to continue.
"Whether the chancellor announces the extra funding in time for the NHS anniversary this summer or waits until the autumn Budget, it must be both substantial and genuinely new money."
The report also highlighted that more than 2,600 patients were waiting longer than 12 months for non-urgent treatment in March - a 75% increase over the year before.
And half of the nation's 10 "best performing" accident and emergency departments were unable to meet waiting time standards in January, February and March, according to the latest quarterly performance figures.
'Incredible resilience'
NHS Improvement said acute hospitals had faced a surge in demand within A&E, particularly over the winter months. Some also spent more to cover vacancies and sickness absence.
It pointed out that 156 of the 234 trusts finished the year either reaching or exceeding their financial targets.
Chief executive Ian Dalton added: "Despite epic challenges, NHS staff up and down the country displayed incredible resilience and saw more patients than ever before within four hours.
"More than two-thirds of providers ended the year on budget or better than planned. Given rising demand and record vacancies, this is an important achievement."
Ministers have promised a new long-term financial plan for the NHS, which is expected within weeks.
In March, Prime Minister Theresa May said she wanted to get away from annual "cash top-ups" and would come up with a blueprint later this year to allow the NHS "to plan for the future".
A tech company announced its upcoming plans to deploy self-driving vehicles through a partnership with Lyft in Las Vegas.
Aptiv, a tech company specializing in mobility and programming, announced Wednesday that it will launch a fleet of 30 autonomous BMWs in Southern Nevada via Lyft's ride-hailing app by the end of 2018, according to a company release. Although, the cars will be accompanied by highly trained operators to collect data and analyze the vehicle's performance in all types of scenarios.
"It's hurting taxi drivers everywhere and I just don't think it's meant for us right now," Jacob Harvey, a Las Vegas taxi driver said. "Can it take orders from a person in the back seat? Is it meant to? Is it something you can trust? I certainly don't."
The driver-less vehicles were originally debuted at the Consumer Electronic Show back in January and successfully navigated through the city. Aptiv says the cars are equipped with three types of sensors; LiDAR, radar and vision, which create a 360-degree view of safety when combined with AD algorithms, sensor fusion and compute platform.
In addition, Las Vegas officials have discussed plans with the company to expand their Automated Mobility on Demand (AMoD) program beyond the Strip.
An exact launch date was not released at this time.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
CHATSWORTH, Ont. — Provincial police say a man is recovering after an officer found him unresponsive and administered a medication to reverse opioid overdoses.
Police say the officer responded to a report of an unresponsive man in Chatsworth, Ont., early Monday morning.
They say the officer found the man without vital signs and began to perform CPR.
OPP say when the man remained unresponsive the officer administered naloxone and the man began to breathe but remained unconscious.
They say paramedics took the 40-year-old Chatsworth man to hospital and he is expected to make a full recovery.
The number of Valium-related deaths in Dundee has dropped, the Tele can reveal.
Figures obtained through Freedom of Information request to Police Scotland show there were 11 deaths in 2016 in which Valium — also known as diazepam — was a contributory factor.
In 2015, the drug was linked to more than two deaths a month in the city with 25 fatalities, which was up from the previous year's tally of 13.
In June last year, drugs worker Dave Barrie warned that fake tablets designed to look like Valium were putting people's lives at risk in Dundee.
Mr Barrie, manager of drugs charity Addaction, said Valium is the third most problematic drug abused in Dundee behind alcohol and heroin, given its cheap price, availability and high rate of addiction amongst users.
Councillor Ken Lynn, Dundee City Council's health spokesman and a member of NHS Tayside board, welcomed the drop in Valium-related fatalities.
He said: “It's a significant drop — a reduction of more than 50% — which is great.
“I think there may be less availability of illicit Valium and that could be having an effect.
“Valium addiction and abuse seems to be a particularly bad problem in Scotland, more so than the rest of the UK, and there is no doubt that Dundee has a problem with the drug.
“There will be a certain amount of prescription Valium which ends up on the street but if that's not available that's when people will turn to “street” drugs which have a higher risk. But these figures are positive to hear.”
Meanwhile, figures obtained from NHS Tayside show that the health board spent more than £500,000 dispensing the drug to people in Dundee in three-and-a-half years.
In 2015/16, figures reached their peak when £156,557 was spent — equating to £13,046 a month — on 25,576 prescriptions.
The number of prescriptions stood at 28,624 in 2013/4 but that number has dropped each year since then.
In the first six months of 2016/17 — between April and September — the number of prescriptions for the drug was 12,558, at a cost of £84,496.
The drug is used to treat a range of issues including anxiety disorders, alcohol withdrawal symptoms, muscle spasms and insomnia.
It is also sometimes used with other medications to treat seizures.
A woman was killed in a crash on the U.S. 95 and Ann Road, April 27, 2018. (Photo: NHP)
One person was killed in a crash on the U.S. 95 in northwest Las Vegas, according to Nevada Highway Patrol. (FastCam)
A woman died in a crash on the U.S. 95 in northwest Las Vegas, according to Nevada Highway Patrol. (Photo: NHP)
A woman was killed in a crash on the U.S. 95 near Ann Road Friday. (Photo: NHP)
A woman died in a crash on the U.S. 95 in northwest Las Vegas, according to Nevada Highway Patrol.
NHP said the woman driving a Toyota Camry was rear-ended by a man driving a Chevrolet Trailblazer on the U.S. 95 southbound at a high speed, north of the Ann Road overpass.
The woman, 56, was pronounced dead at the scene. The driver of the Chevrolet Trailblazer had to be mechanically extricated from the car and was taken to UMC with non-life threatening injures, NHP said.
Nevada Highway Patrol said on Sunday the driver of the Trailblazer was arrested and booked for reckless driving resulting in death, driving on a suspended license and not wearing a seatbelt. He was identified as 32-year-old Eric Brzoza.
The crash was reported at 3:57 p.m. Friday and the roadway was closed during the investigation.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
A white elephant gift exchange is a holiday tradition where a group of friends, family members or coworkers exchange useless and wacky gifts during a holiday party.
You can either play by Secret Santa rules or each person draws a number to determine who goes first. The person who draws number one chooses a gift and opens it for everyone to see. Each person after that can either steal an already opened gift from someone before them or he/she can choose an unopened gift.
If a gift is stolen from someone, that person gets to pick another unopened gift. This process continues until the last person has gone. A gift can only be stolen three times so the fourth person to steal it gets to keep it.
Generally this type of holiday exchange is for entertainment so you do not have to spend a lot of money on the gift and the funnier or weirder, the better! Here are 30 ideas for your white elephant gift exchange this year:
1. Star Wars Ice Cube Trays
2. Cat Bingo
3. Beer Belly Fanny Pack
4. Human Face Anti-Stress Balls
5. Drinking Buddies Cocktail/Wine Glass Markers
6. Crazy Patterned Socks
7. Selfie Toaster
8. Bubble Gum Refrigerator Magnets
9. Foot Hammock
10. The VERY Embarrassing Book of Dad Jokes
11. Ugly Christmas Sweater
12. Toilet Golf
13. Bacon Flavored Toothpaste
14. People of Walmart Calendar
15. Dog Butt Magnets
16. Horse Head
17. Googly Eyes Stickers
18. Microwavable S'mores Maker
19. Unicorn Onesie
20. Finger Hands Finger Puppets
21. Pickle Lip Balm
22. Adjustable Visor with Spiked Hair
23. Smuggle Your Booze Sun Sunscreen Lotion Flask
24. Bubble Wrap Rain Jacket
25. Prank Pack iArm
26. Poo-Pourri Toilet Spray
27. Moose Oven Mit
28. NapSack Sleep Hood
29. Meat Maniac Insect & Bug Candy
30. Holiday Toilet Paper
A gang of 10 men wearing balaclavas have fired a shot in Ballymagroarty , Londonderry.
The masked gang was seen carrying bats and a firearm on Aileach Road, where they fired at a parked blue Transit van, shortly before midnight on Monday.
Police believe the van was also damaged by "some kind of blunt instrument."
A white van and a car were also damaged. Windscreens and windows were smashed.
The vehicles were parked in the driveway of a house.
PSNI chief inspector Paul McCracken said two men, two women and a two-year-old child were in the house at the time. No-one was injured.
It is believed that the gang left the area on foot.
Sinn Féin councillor Eric McGinley said residents had been left frightened.
"It's left a very deep scar for the people that witnessed this behaviour," he said.
"They were terrified and they didn't want to go to their beds in the immediate aftermath of the incident. Those involved need to grow up and put away their masks."
Chief Inspector McCracken appealed for witnesses to come forward.
If your heart stops beating, you'll keep tweeting.
Suggesting you can still communicate through social media once you're dead sounds like an episode of futuristic series “Black Mirror,” but living forever through our Facebook pages could happen within the decade.
Researchers from the University of Melbourne have studied how social media and death relate to each other and discovered the concept of social immortality.
Currently, Google and Facebook use an algorithm to create a profile of us, to target us with certain marketing campaigns that match up with our interests.
This same algorithm could work with other software to generate posts from our profiles after we die, allowing us to update our statuses and participate in online conversations.
It's a scary thought, but a number of sites have been launched dedicated to maintaining your social presence once you die.
“We all pass away sooner or later. We only leave behind a few photos, maybe some home videos, or in rare situations, a diary or autobiography,” it says on EterniMe.
“But eventually, we are all forgotten.”
People can sign up to the website and it collects your thoughts, stories and memories.
Emailfromdeath.com is another website people sign up to so they can write emails to be sent out after they die.
“You store your emails and the website prompts you to respond with a password. If you fail to respond a number of times it assumes you're dead and sends out the emails you've prepared to the recipients you nominated,” University of Melbourne History and Philosophy Science associate professor Michael Arnold told News.com.au.
“It can send emails to relatives or data to business partners or emotional content.”
Arnold said another website, DeadSocial, also allowed people to manage their social media from beyond the grave.
“It takes it a step further,” he said.
“It's not simply emails but also social media posts on anything like Twitter, Facebook or blogs.”
“You can nominate when you have a social presence, whether that be immediately after your death or later on. You might prepare media to be sent out on the first anniversary of your death or on the wedding of your young child, 10, 15 years down the track.”
Not only can you leave posts for websites to publish, but social media will be able to generate its own content. Looking at your social media activity, your sense of humor and language, algorithms could create a social media post so you can continue to participate in discussions online. More advanced technology could even mimic your voice and make phone calls on your behalf and virtual reality could generate images of you.
Arnold said there could be ethical issues with social immortality.
“There's the problem of trolling from beyond the grave and bullying. How do we control that? Services encrypt everything and they can't determine if it's malicious,” he said.
“On a more philosophical level, it makes you question how important our body is to our social life. Many younger people, in particular, will know a great deal of their social life is online and it is not uncommon for people to be in front of a screen for 16 hours a day.”
“People interact and form communities. Given that's the case and given we have all kinds of social relations entirely online, sometimes we never meet face-to-face with people we communicate with regularly, the question arises, is it important for a body to be there, given it's not part of our social lives?”
Arnold said people would want to use this type of technology to be remembered and leave a legacy, but he believes people should carefully consider and assess what the technology means.
“Don't blindly fall into it, be prepared to assess it, reject it, or embrace it and do so in a thoughtful and knowing way rather than being sucked in,” he said.
Israel on Sunday said it would stop handing over the bodies of Palestinians killed in attacks in an effort to force Hamas, which controls the Gaza Strip, to hand over the bodies of Israelis it has killed or captured. The decision has angered Palestinians and some experts warn it could backfire.
The Israeli authorities said that the Palestinians' bodies would be buried, rather than being handed over to their families, sparking protests from Hamas, the families and Palestinian human rights activists.
“It is a bad start for the year 2017,” says Raji Sourani, the director of the Palestinian Center for Human Rights, pointing to the fact that the practice of not returning bodies to families is not new.
“It was in place for years and years,” he told RFI, claiming that the Israeli army kept the bodies in their “autopsy department”.
The difference this time is that it has become official policy.
“Of course, according to all recognised international standards, this is undignified and illegal,” he says.
Israeli activists want tougher action
In Israel, too, the reaction was negative, but not for the same reason.
“The decision was made too late and [it is] not enough,” says Meir Indor, director of Almagor, an association that represents victims of attacks.
“Every terrorist who came to kill and who was killed on the way should be buried in a cemetery that nobody knows about,” he says, pointing out that this was what happened to Nazi official Adolf Eichmann, who was responsible for the transport of millions of Jews to German's concentration camps during World War II.
After the war, Eichmann fled to Latin America but was captured by an Israeli commando team and brought to trial in Israel.
“His body was burned and we threw what was left in the Mediterranean,” says Indor. “A terrorist who is going to kill innocent people should know that he will not be brought to a cemetery, of course not to his family, his body will be dismissed.”
Israel stops sending back killed militants 02/01/2017 Listen
Palestinians wonder about is how many deceased militants are buried in Israel.
“The conflict between Israel and Palestine dates back to 1947,” says Sourani, adding that, even if Israel sometimes returned bodies, it has often kept them.
“They have what is called 'the grave of numbers', where they keep many, many Palestinians inside for the last 50 years,” he claims, saying that the bodies of Palestinian attackers are given a simple burial “without any ceremony”.
According to Sourani, only numbers mark the graves. “The names are with the Israeli army somewhere, nobody has access or knows who these people are.”
Decision could backfire
To institutionalise the policy of not returning bodies to their families may backfire, some experts warn.
“In the recent past, Israel was returning bodies of militants and made conditions,” says Avram Diskin, a political scientist with the Hebrew University of Jerusalem.
“Terrorists are celebrated by Palestinians, so Israel wanted the funerals to be modest - respectable but modest and not to turn into some kind of incitement.
[But] it can turn against Israel because it gives the opportunity to Palestinians to say, "Look, Israel is inhumane."
Even if the decision may be bad PR for Israel and trigger international criticism, in less than three weeks time, Israel will have a powerful new backer in the person of the new US president, Donald Trump, and any controversial decisions taken now may be overshadowed by the new US-Israeli relationship.
Share
As more and more companies release portable power stations for use in the outdoors, the ability to keep our electronic devices charged and functioning while on the go has become a lot easier. The latest entry into this increasingly competitive market comes our way courtesy of Midland Radio, a company that is probably best known for its line of walkie-talkies used for communicating in remote areas. As you would expect, the device offers a lightweight and rugged charging solution that is built specifically for the demanding environments we face when outdoors.
The new Midland PPG100 comes equipped with a lithium-ion battery that offers a 950 watt-hour capacity. That is enough power to keep your smartphone charged for up to 170 hours or run a mini-fridge for two days. It will also keep a three-watt LED lamp running for more than 280 hours and recharge most laptops twice. An LCD display provides a readout of the PPG100's current charge level at a glance.
Midland's portable power station isn't lacking in ports to help keep your devices charged. The battery pack includes two standard AC wall outlets, a 12-volt DC port like the one found in your car, two USB ports, and a dedicated LED light port, all of which can be used simultaneously to charge or power multiple devices. The PPG100 itself can be recharged using either an AC wall adapter or DC car charger, both of which are included. An optional solar panel can be used to generate power while living off the grid as well.
One of the advantages of using a lithium-ion battery is that it can provide plenty of power without adding a lot of weight. To that end, the PPG100 tips the scales at just 25 pounds, putting it on par with the latest offerings from Goal Zero. Midland's model has the added benefit of coming in a rugged, durable case that is both dust and waterproof, and includes a built-in handle that makes it easier to carry around. Just how well protected from the elements is it? The company says that when the lid is closed and sealed tight the device can be immersed in up to three feet of water for 30 minutes without suffering any damage.
The Midland PPG100 is available now for $1,099. To find out more, visit the Midland USA website.
Ryan Mayer
It's been a whirlwind 24 hours for Roseanne Barr, whose hit show “Roseanne” was cancelled yesterday by ABC after the star's racist tweet that was directed at Valerie Jarrett, a former aide of President Barack Obama.
Barr has since blamed her behavior on the sleep aid Ambien. The revelation came in a storm of tweets from Barr early Wednesday morning, which included responses to “Roseanne” cast members who tweeted out statements of their own after the cancelation. First, Michael Fishman, who played D.J. Connor on the show, tweeted that Tuesday's chain of events made the day among the hardest in his life.
“I feel devastated, not for the end of the Roseanne show, but for all those who poured their hearts and souls into our jobs, and the audience that welcomed us into their homes. Our cast, crew, writers, and production staff strived for inclusiveness, with numerous storylines designed to reflect inclusiveness. The words of one person do not exemplify the thinking of all involved,” he wrote. “I condemn these statements vehemently. They are reprehensible and intolerable, contradicting my beliefs and outlook on life and society.”
He added: “We must stand up against bias, hatred, bigotry and ignorance to make society a better place for all.”
That prompted Roseanne to accuse Fishman of throwing her under the bus. “I created the platform for that inclusivity and you know it. ME. You throw me under the bus. nice!” she wrote.
i created the platform for that inclusivity and you know https://t.co/hViHPX2ZUb. You throw me under the bus. nice! — Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) May 30, 2018
Minutes later, Barr responded to tweets from, Sara Gilbert, who portrayed Roseanne's daughter, Darlene Connor. Gilbert posted earlier Tuesday, “Roseanne's recent comments about Valerie Jarrett, and so much more, are abhorrent and do not reflect the beliefs of our cast and crew or anyone associated with our show. I am disappointed in her actions to say the least.”
Roseanne's recent comments about Valerie Jarrett, and so much more, are abhorrent and do not reflect the beliefs of our cast and crew or anyone associated with our show. I am disappointed in her actions to say the least. — sara gilbert (@THEsaragilbert) May 29, 2018
This is incredibly sad and difficult for all of us, as we've created a show that we believe in, are proud of, and that audiences love— one that is separate and apart from the opinions and words of one cast member. — sara gilbert (@THEsaragilbert) May 29, 2018
Barr also seemed stunned by Gilbert's admonition, writing, “Wow! unreal.” in response to Gilbert.
Wow! unreal. — Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) May 30, 2018
The actress did apologize via her Twitter account for the original tweet that set all of these events in motion yesterday and deleted the racist tweet. Earlier Wednesday, she attempted to explain that, “I'm not a racist, just an idiot who made a bad joke.”
Roseanne is definitely not off Twitter despite her statement yesterday that she was leaving it. And her “Ambien tweeting” line has users describing every odd (non-racist) thing they've done while on the sleep drug. @therealroseanne pic.twitter.com/VAEbSxYYbc — Jennifer Jacobs (@JenniferJJacobs) May 30, 2018
After blaming Ambien for her behavior, the actress later deleted her references to the drug.
Video
Kim Wall was a 30-year-old Swedish journalist at the start of a promising career when she was invited to interview inventor Peter Madsen aboard his homemade submarine.
Her dismembered remains were found at sea 11 days later, on 21 August last year.
Prosecutors accuse him of having planned the crime, either suffocating her or cutting her throat.
He admits dismembering her body but denies intentionally killing her.
Maddy Savage reports on what we know about the case so far, ahead of the verdict due on Wednesday.
Video journalist: Mohamed Madi.
Many small business owners are open to hiring or want to recruit employees who have disabilities.
Sometimes it's because they want to expand the opportunities for people who have talent and skills but can't find jobs.
The unemployment rate for people with disabilities who want to be hired is 8 percent, more than twice the national average.
Miles Thornback got hired three years ago at the RE/MAX Prestige real estate agency in Costa Mesa, California. The owners heard that Thornback, who has cerebral palsy, had spent six years applying for jobs at hundreds of companies and finding nothing but negative mindsets.
Business owners do need to make reasonable accommodations if employees need help balancing their work and their personal or medical needs.
One of four winning lottery tickets to split a $2.2 million prize was sold in Primm, according to the California Lottery.
Although this wasn't the full jackpot-winning prize, four winners will split the millions to receive more than $570,000 each before taxes. According to a press release, the ticket was sold at Primm Valley Lotto, at the state line, while the other tickets were sold in Riverside, Los Angeles and Antioch, California.
Each ticket matched the numbers 10, 4, 12, 18 and 5, missing the Mega number 21.
None of the winners are known until they claim their prizes.
The Mega Millions jackpot resets Tuesday to be worth more than $40 million.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Some types of Iogo yogurt products, distributed in all provinces except the Maritimes, are being recalled because they may contain pieces of plastic.
Raspberry, vanilla and banana drinkable yogurt and mango, strawberry-raspberry and strawberry protein based drinks are all being voluntarily recalled by Ultima Foods.
The Canadian Food Inspection Agency announced the recall June 8 and in a news release the agency said it is conducting a food safety investigation. It also said that no injuries have been reported in connection with eating the products.
A complete list of the yogurt and yogurt-based drinks and the sizes and best before dates affected can be found here.
NBC 7's Mari Payton reports on an investigation into discrimination claims from a city councilman against the El Cajon mayor and another council member. (Published Friday, Feb. 2, 2018)
An East County politician claims he's a victim of discrimination by two city council colleagues.
In a complaint to the state Department of Fair Employment and Housing, El Cajon City Councilman Ben Kalasho said Mayor Bill Wells and Councilman Gary Kendrick insulted him, with racial stereotypes.
The mayor told NBC 7 Investigates he never has, and never would, make racist comments about anyone.
Wells and Kendrick both said their reputations have been harmed, and the city's money wasted, defending against what they insist are baseless accusations.
NBC 7 Investigates has learned the state dismissed Kalasho's complaint last week.
"The whole thing was a frivolous complaint, right from the very beginning," Wells said.
Kalasho is an Iraqi immigrant. He claims Wells and Kendrick called him a “camel," a "foreigner” and asked, “Does Ben even know the Pledge of Allegiance?"
Wells said he has never used that type of language in any setting, public or private. “And I think it's very reckless for somebody in a public office to just throw out (allegations) like that, that are completely false, to gain some kind of political advantage,” Wells said.
In the city's 41-page response to Kalasho's complaint, Councilman Kendrick also insisted "I don't use language or words such as (Kalasho) outlined in the complaint, and have never used such language."
Wells and Kendrick are also angry it cost El Cajon taxpayers $3,400 in legal fees to respond to Kalasho's complaint.
The mayor also noted Kalasho filed his complaint just days after the city council threatened to censure him for violating a ban on texting during public meetings.
Kalasho has a history of confrontation, having filed several lawsuits and harassment claims. He's also been a defendant in other legal actions.
Wells said Kalasho relishes his image as a disrupter.
"And it's really the voter's choice, if they want to put up with that or not,” Wells said. “I mean, once somebody's elected, we have no say in the matter."
Though the state dismissed Kalasho's complaint, he can still file a civil lawsuit against his colleagues and the city.
Kalasho did not return phone messages seeking his comment for this story.
Share On more Share On more
The European Union has contacted data protection authorities over the latest reports around Cambridge Analytica's use of Facebook data, aiming to kickstart an investigation into the two companies that could result in heavy fines.
The UK-based data analytics firm used by the 2016 Donald Trump campaign was kicked off Facebook last Friday, pre-empting an investigation by The Observer and New York Times involving whistleblower Christopher Wylie, who previously worked as a contractor for Cambridge Analytica.
Wylie claimed the company had accessed the Facebook friends data of up to 50 million people, using the data without getting their permission, in order to build models that better targeted Facebook users with political advertising.
On Monday, a spokesperson for the European Commission told BuzzFeed News that senior European officials have already contacted Facebook, branding the misuse of friends' data unacceptable.
"From a European Union perspective, the misuse for political purposes of personal data belonging to Facebook users – if confirmed – is not acceptable," the spokesperson said in a statement.
"The Commission is already in contact with Facebook and Commissioner (Vera) Jourová will raise the issue with the company on the occasion of her visit to the US this week."
The European Commission also said data protection authorities would be encouraged to investigate Cambridge Analytica and Facebook, leaving open the possibility of "significant fines".
"Enforcement of EU data protection rules is the responsibility of data protection authorities," the spokesperson said. "The Commission is in contact with them and calls on them to investigate this case."
"As of May, companies will face significant fines everywhere in the EU if they don't respect these rules."
These calls come as both Facebook and Cambridge Analytica attempt to manage the fall out from the publication of the weekend investigation.
Damian Collins, chair of the UK's Commons select committee on digital culture, media, and sport wants Facebook founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg to appear before a committee inquiry, while parliament agreed to debate issues raised in the investigation on Monday afternoon.
Both Cambridge Analytica and Facebook have been asked to comment on the latest moves by the EU. Facebook has previously released a statement denying reports that described what Cambridge Analytica did was a "breach" of the company's user data.
Yesterday, the Financial Times reported that Cambridge Analytica was exploring legal options in an effort to stop the airing of an undercover investigation into the data firm by the British broadcaster Channel 4 news.
According to a senior source at Channel 4, the broadcaster has every intention of airing the programme, despite legal threats.
Alphabet Inc. produced a significant amount of accounting noise with Monday's earnings report, with analysts saying Tuesday morning that one-time items in profit and spending made it more challenging to compare these results to past performance and model for the future and investors sending shares down.
Among the items that clouded the Google parent company's statement were the HTC acquisition—which added about 2,000 engineers to Google's payroll—the Waymo-Uber Technologies Inc. settlement, as well as the markup of the company's $3 billion stake in Uber, among other items, according to Barclays analyst Ross Sandler.
Even amid the financial haze, there is no doubting Alphabet's GOOGL, -4.77% GOOG, -4.45% top-line growth fueled by the company's massive mobile search advertising business, with hefty contributions from desktop search and YouTube. Factoring out foreign exchange, sales grew 22.6% compared with the year-earlier period, JP Morgan Chase analyst Douglas Anmuth wrote in a note to clients early Tuesday.
“Alphabet again delivered strong top-line results, proving that increased investments are paying off,” Anmuth wrote. Anmuth rates Alphabet class A stock a buy with a $1,285, lowering it from $1,330 on lower earnings power.
Don't miss: Here is why Google made a lot more profit, and spent a LOT more money
Tuesday's trading, however, did not reflect the company's top-line strength and tumult in the markets weighed on the class A stock, sending it down nearly 5% in afternoon trading. Tuesday saw a market rout as the S&P 500 index SPX, -1.34% Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -1.74% and Nasdaq Composite Index COMP, -1.70% all declined.
Analysts seemed most concerned about Alphabet's capital-expenditure spending, and at least 14 of them brought their price targets down after the earnings, according to FactSet. Two analysts did increase their targets, however, and none changed their ratings; 39 of 45 analysts tracked by FactSet rate the company the equivalent of a buy, and the rest have the stock rated as a hold.
The strong revenue growth prompted Monness Crespi Hardt analyst Brian White to raise his price target to $1,306 from $1,280. With a buy on the name, White said in a note to clients that because the company beat revenue expectations—and his own team's estimates—and the stock performed well during the data privacy issues related to Facebook Inc. FB, -3.71% it will continue to trade well.
Facebook earnings: The numbers to watch for an advertiser revolt
Alphabet's investments and other operational factors have begun to weigh on its once-fatter margins, however. Canaccord Genuity analyst Michael Graham wrote in a note to clients Monday evening that gross margins contracted by 3.7%, the largest in the company's history. Graham pointed to data center costs as one of the most significant, but also hardware costs and content revenue sharing at YouTube.
“With YouTube's rapid growth (also in non-ad-supported services) and a greater emphasis on hardware made by Google, we think this gross margin contraction will continue,” Graham wrote. Graham dropped his price target to $1,050 from $1,100 and rates Alphabet stock a hold.
Barclays' Sandler also pointed to expenses as one of the two concerns his team has coming away from the earnings call and pointed to the company's increased spending on infrastructure—which effectively doubled—as well as traffic acquisition costs on mobile devices.
“Stepping back, what matters the most on these kinds of Alphabet prints historically is that Sites revenue growth is well ahead of expectations and not decelerating at all despite a tougher comp (and next quarter core Google margins trajectory and Sites TAC should improve),” he wrote. Sandler lowed his price target to $1,250 from $1,330 and has a buy on the name.
Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
- Advertisement -
BEIRUT — The Syrian government on Tuesday called on refugees to return, saying it has successfully cleared large areas of “terrorists.”
The rare appeal reflects the government's growing confidence after more than seven years of war. While officials usually appeal to Syrians abroad to return during television appearances and interviews, this is the first formal appeal broadcast on official media.
Syrian government forces, with crucial support from Russia and Iran, recently retook large areas near the capital, Damascus, and are waging a new offensive in the south that U.N. officials say has displaced more than 270,000 people.
The U.N. Security Council scheduled closed consultations for Thursday on the offensive and rapidly deteriorating humanitarian situation in the southwest at the request of Sweden and Kuwait.
The government currently controls over 61 percent of Syria, compared to early 2017, when it held just 17 percent, according to the Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, which closely monitors the conflict.
The government refers to all rebels as “terrorists.”
Over 5.6 million Syrians have fled the country. The Foreign Ministry says many internally displaced have already returned home, urging refugees to do same.
Many Syrians are unable to return because their homes were destroyed in the fighting, or because they fear military conscription or retribution from government forces.
Also on Tuesday, a senior U.N. official visited a Palestinian refugee camp in Damascus that government forces recaptured in May. The Yarmouk camp, a built-up residential area once home to tens of thousands of Palestinians and Syrians, was held by Islamic State group and other insurgents for years, and saw heavy fighting.
Forty years ago this summer the legendary Pele, still regarded by many as the greatest player ever to run out on a football pitch, played his last competitive game.
And he went out on a high as the star-studded New York Cosmos team he led won the 1977 Soccerbowl, the then big-spending NASL's version of the Superbowl.
Thanks to the efforts of another No 10 who is still much loved in these parts, however, it could have been very different.
He is Jocky Scott, a Dundee legend of the 60s and 70s, who, as well as successful spells at the Dark Blues and Aberdeen, was one of the many British players who had a taste of the glamour of football USA style.
On the day the Brazilian great bowed out, Jocky was part of the Seattle Sounders team that, despite being underdogs, came close to upsetting the party.
And to this day Jocky insists Pele's swansong could have ended on a very different note.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
“We played well that day and in the end we were unlucky to lose the final 2-1,” said Jocky.
“They were a team of world stars and, as well as Pele, they had Carlos Alberto, Franz Beckenbauer and Georgio Chinaglia, the Italian international.
“We had a couple of big names like Mike England and Jimmy Robertson but, for the most part, we were a team of free transfers and lower league players from England.
“But we had a good season and we were definitely unlucky in that final.”
That view is backed up by an internet search. Footage can still be found online of the whole game, held in Portland, Oregon.
And while the quality of the pictures might not be up to today's standards, they still show how close Seattle, and Jocky in particular, came close to causing a major upset.
“I remember in the first half, when the score was either still level or we were just one down, I hit the bar with a shot from outside the box.
“Their keeper pushed the ball on to the bar and Tommy Ord ran in and headed home. The goal was chalked off for offside and we were furious.
“If it had counted, who knows what would have happened because we were doing well.”
Despite that controversial moment, Jocky's memory of that time is of being lucky to share a stage with some of the best talent football's ever produced. And doing well against them.
“The likes of Pele and Beckenbauer were past their best but they were still fantastic players to be up against.
“Pele couldn't run any more but, when they got the ball to him, he was something to see. His touch was perfect and for all he wasn't the biggest, when he got the ball he was so strong he wasn't going to part with it until he wanted to.
“I played against him and the Cosmos three times that season and, when they came to Seattle, I scored the only goal to win the game.
“When we went to New York they gave us five but just being on the same pitch as these people is a special memory.”
While he picked up winner's medals in the League Cup with Dundee and Aberdeen during the 70s, for Jocky that '77 US final remains a game he recalls fondly.
“It was a typical American sporting occasion with all the razzamatazz and stuff they put on for their Superbowl.
“It was also great for us because Portland is only a three-hour drive or a half-hour flight for our fans, so we had a great support.
“Eventually, the problem for the NASL was for all the money they threw at it, not enough clubs got good crowds.
“But that season at Seattle we averaged 27,000 at our home games.”
Wade, Ari, and G Li are joined by Benny Mcflyy as they talk about everything in HipHop and Current events. They group starts off with the events in charlottesville, va and how it effects them. They also go over the latest updates with Usher, and the recent revelations in his cases. They also talk about the movie “Get Out”, Kendrick Lamar's Rolling Stone interview, Drake's OVOfest, Def Jam's new CEO and what that can mean for the label. Eminem's new movie and much much more.
Selena Gomez officially has the song of summer, according to rolling stone! “Back to you” is part of the soundtrack to “13 Reasons Why” and was the first single since October when Wolves was released…
Rolling Stone says, “Back to You” is a natural summer song. It's the feisty screed against your camp boyfriend who ditched you after 10 long months of letter-exchanging.” They also said, “Gomez's lilting soprano whispers to us like a cool stream of ventilated air as we sit inside while everyone else plays volleyball with Cardi B or Drake.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A second Solihull councillor has been accused of reposting ‘racist' tweets - including one from former EDL leader Tommy Robinson .
Councillor Jeff Potts , who represents leafy Knowle, is currently under investigation by West Midlands Police after allegedly retweeting offensive and inflammatory anti-Muslim posts.
He has been suspended by his own Conservative group.
Now fellow Solihull councillor Margaret Bassett, who sits on a religious education committee, is the centre of a new controversy after allegedly reposting several ‘anti-immigration' posts on Twitter.
They include one from former EDL leader Tommy Robinson and another tweet critical of child refugees coming into Britain.
But Cllr Bassett, a Conservative, defended the tweets, saying she wanted ‘to stimulate debate'.
“Some of these issues are so awful that people ought to know that these issues are being discussed,” she said.
“I do think it's a political witch-hunt. I am not anti-Muslim, anti-Jewish or anyone else.”
A spokeswoman for Solihull Council said: “A complaint has been received about Councillor Margaret Bassett and this has been passed on to the Council's Monitoring Officer to be dealt with under the Code of Conduct procedure.”
Last month, there were calls for Coun Potts to resign after he re-tweeted comments made by other individuals such as: “Deport and repatriate all Muslims from the UK or watch terrorists kill innocent people for generations to come.”
(Image: Handout)
He also retweeted: “You've clearly not experienced the Pakistani hospitality, having a daughter raped by men who think she's ‘white trash'.
He was suspended by his own Conservative group after the controversy. The move means he can still attend meetings - but as an independent.
Solihull councillor Ken Hawkins also sparked controversy over the summer by retweeting a photograph of protesters calling for justice over the Grenfell fire tragedy , which left at least 80 dead.
The former mayor then added the caption: “Lets get ourselves a hangin!”
He later apologised.
[April 24, 2018] New Unity in Plant Engineering
HANOVER, Germany, April 24, 2018 /PRNewswire/ -- Single versatile data model will parallelize all core disciplines from now on At ACHEMA 2018, Aucotec AG will be showing for the first time the comprehensive expansion of its collaborative platform for plant engineering. It is the only system that integrates all core disciplines in a versatile data model in a single database. Engineering Base (EB) thus redefines the term "consistency". "There is great demand in the market to tear down the workflow obstacles created by toolchains," said Uwe Vogt, Executive Officer of Aucotec AG. "This is why we have now completed the range of the versatile model." According to him, this enables a unique parallelization of disciplines: from FEED via process and detail engineering to cause & effect, maintenance and consistent execution management for larger expansions. "Even the best interfaces and synchronization platforms do not shorten a toolchain. Engineering Base puts an end to the error-prone 'forwarding' of data that makes parallelization impossible," explained Pouria G. Bigvand, Head of Product Management at Aucotec. Inherently collaborative Plant engineering is characterized by major projects with a variety of the most demanding engineering and management tasks. Since the various disciplines involved are often developed globally, however, it is also necessary to connect the many experts, from different time zones, with their different skills, languages, technologies and engineering cultures. Often, even the engineering tools are different. EB provides special conditions for this connection. The central data model at a separate application server level allows worldwide access to the entire plant documentation, also via the Cloud. "Thanks to the versatile model, EB is inherently collaborative, and the web connection also facilitates the necessary parallelization of engineering. This is the only way in which collaboration can be efficient," said Bigvand. All core disciplines work with the same database. If desired, changs are immediately visible in all representations of the changed object, but can also be controlled, for example, via proposal fields. "Motorization" of engineering With its expansion, EB covers the entire engineering lifecycle in plant engineering and operation. The platform holds the versatile data model and organizes the workflows. Functions such as Aspen data import, TÜV-certified pipe classes, DCS configuration for different DCS systems in parallel, project status management or cause & effect tables at the press of a button show the degree of maturity of the solution. Networking with 3-D, ERP or PLM systems as well as a web connection are part of the standard offer.
"Our idea was to 'motorize' plant engineering as such, rather than just speed up an old carriage with a bit more horsepower. We are convinced that we have achieved this with EB," said Executive Officer Uwe Vogt. Aucotec at ACHEMA: Hall 9.2, booth no. 12 B Links to the images* New unity in plant engineering: Versatile data model parallelizes all core disciplines (© AUCOTEC AG) Modern plant engineering is a parallel process: all relevant objects are interconnected in one model residing in just one database (© AUCOTEC AG) The versatile model in EB is the centre for all core disciplines in plant engineering and its direct communication with complementary systems (© AUCOTEC AG) Uwe Vogt, memeber of the Aucotec board (© AUCOTEC AG) Pouria G. Bigvand, Director of Aucotec's Product Management (© AUCOTEC AG) - Cross-reference: Picture is available at AP Images (http://www.apimages.com) - If printed, we would appreciate receiving a copy. Thank you very much! AUCOTEC AG
Oldenburger Allee 24
30659 Hannover
www.aucotec.com
Press and Public Relations
Johanna Kiesel (jki@aucotec.com , +49-(0)-511-6103186)
Aucotec AG has over 30 years of experience in developing engineering software for the entire lifecycle of machines, plants and mobile systems. The solutions range from flow diagrams via control and electrical engineering for large-scale plants to modular harness design in the automotive industry. Aucotec software is in use all over the world. In addition to its headquarters in Hanover, Aucotec operates six further sites in Germany as well as subsidiaries in China, South Korea, France, the United Kingdom, Italy, Austria, Poland, Sweden and the US. A global network of partners ensures local support throughout the world.
*These images are protected by copyright. They may be used only for editorial purposes in connection with Aucotec. SOURCE AUCOTEC AG
[ Back To TMCnet.com's Homepage ]
The Whitecourt Community Band plans to carry on after the upcoming departure of director Tim Bowman, the outgoing assistant principal at Whitecourt Central School.
They played a three-song concert at Percy Baxter School on June 7, consisting of music from three distinct parts of the world — “Swahili Folk Hymn” from southern Africa, “Spania” from western Europe and Stevie Wonder's “Superstition” from the U.S.
The band, which has been together since October, was assembled to bring members of the community together through music, said Bowman, a trained saxophone player and multi-instrumentalist.
“We've had a fabulous run. We've been able to bring together about 35 community members to play and now with the plans that I have to leave town, there seems to be a fair amount of momentum in the group to continue playing in some regard,” he said.
“They haven't worked out the full plan yet, but there seems to be some new leadership that's ready to step in and function in some forms come the fall,” Bowman added.
The band currently rehearses weekly at Percy Baxter, which alto saxophone player and band member Kim Nendsa said was a result of Bowman's connections as an educator.
“We're trying to confirm that we still have access to a room to practice in. If that happens, then people will come,” she said.
Nendsa added that they have many members with experience as musical directors, but so far none want to fill the void left by Bowman's departure.
“We have some people that have conducted in the past, but they don't want to be the primary conductor,” said Nendsa. “There's enough interest that we'll try and keep it going.”
The band is slated to play Arts in the Park on August 23, which will likely be their final performance with Bowman.
He starts a new job as the principal of Ponoka Elementary School, located in the town 59 kilometres north of Red Deer, in September.
jappel@postmedia.com
Twitter: @jerapp3
It's easy to get caught up with all the new gizmos at CES.
But the annual consumer electronics show has become much more than a showcase for gadgets. It's the tech industry's premier networking event. And those interactions, which I'll be reporting on beginning Tuesday, will shape how technology evolves — and how you'll experience it.
“It's the largest business event in the world,” said Gary Shapiro, CEO of the Consumer Technology Association, which puts on the annual trade show.
Related Articles Dropped calls highlight Bay Area's lagging network
Trump's impact and other tech predictions for 2017
Gadgets, apps rank high among Bay Area resolutions for 2017
MacBook Pro users: You're not crazy, Consumer Reports finds battery life inconsistent
Why 2016 was such a momentous year for tech Sure, you can expect to hear about lots of new electronics devices, starting Tuesday, when the first pre-show events get under way in Las Vegas. Cool new cars, a raft of new virtual reality devices and a clutch of new smartphones are likely to get top billing. And the showroom floors will be packed with devices representing the latest tech trends, like drones and smart home products, as well as old standbys like jumbo-sized flat-screen TVs.
But there will be a lot more going on that has little to do with which gadgets will be on store shelves by the end of the year. Government officials will be talking about the regulatory environment as the Trump administration prepares to take office. Representatives of Facebook, Google and other Web companies will be talking with advertisers eager to make their online messaging more effective.
Manufacturers will be meeting with parts suppliers and software coders who want to incorporate their technology into future devices. And representatives of companies outside the industry will be meeting with tech firms to see how to incorporate the latest gadgets into their businesses.
“The ways companies use CES today have evolved,” said John Curran, managing director of consulting firm Accenture's communications, media and technology practice. “It's an indication of where high tech has been and where it's going.”
It would have been hard to predict when CES launched 50 years ago that it would turn into an event with such broad influence. Although it was billed in 1967 as the largest-ever electronics event to date, the first Consumer Electronics Show — as it was then known — was modest by today's standards, taking up about 6 percent of the floor space of this year's show.
It also was fairly straightforward in its purpose. The show served as a venue for electronics manufacturers to gin up excitement for new products — and negotiate with distributors and retailers about which gadgets would actually be in stores.
But the industry has changed dramatically since then. Back when CES launched, electronics was an $8 billion market whose main products were TVs, radios, stereo systems and tape recorders. Today, consumer electronics consists of a much wider variety of gadgets, from computers to digital bathroom scales. As the industry has broadened, sales have ballooned to nearly $300 billion annually in the United States and almost $1 trillion a year globally.
Electronics are increasingly becoming an important part of more traditional products and services. Auto manufacturers now tout big-screen infotainment systems or adaptive cruise control as much as their horsepower or 0-to-60 mph times. Home builders are starting to use smart features like app-controlled lights and door locks to lure customers to new houses. And appliance makers have increasingly been attempting to upsell consumers on “smart” refrigerators and washing machines that can be remotely controlled with phones.
Show organizers have been adept at adapting CES to new trends, promoting new technologies to help them gain traction and curtailing older ones as they mature or fade away.
“The evolution of the CES show as we know it mirrors very accurately the evolution of the technology industry,” said Werner Goertz, research director for personal technology at tech consulting firm Gartner.
CES has been lucky in some respects. Other big technology shows like Comdex, E3 and INTX have folded, lost major participants or struggled to stay vibrant.
Some, including yours truly, predicted CES would follow a similar path, particularly after Microsoft stepped away from the show four years ago.
Reading this on your iPhone or iPad? Check out our new Apple News app channel here and click the + at the top of the page to save to your Apple News favorites.
Instead, CES has continued to thrive and, in some cases, filled the gaps left by the foundering rival shows. Part of that has to do with a conscious effort by CES organizers to give their show a broader appeal.
With the consolidation of the electronics retail business in the late 1990s and early 2000s, the show risked becoming unnecessary, at least in terms of its traditional purpose as a meeting place for manufacturers and retailers, Shapiro said. You wouldn't need a big show for that, because the top retailers — the ones that accounted for the lion's share of electronics sales — could fit into a small room, he said.
So the trade group adapted. Show organizers made it international, luring foreign journalists and companies. Perhaps more importantly, they took note of how technology was infiltrating traditional industries. They set out to attract top executives in non-tech industries, marketing the show as the place where those leaders could get a glimpse of the technologies that would affect their businesses.
“So they could see future and prepare for it,” Shapiro said.
Finally, organizers promoted the show as a place where deals were made, not just between traditional electronics retailers, distributors and marketers, but also among parts vendors, software developers, content distributors, car manufacturers, home builders and more.
“What we tried to do with the show over years is to make it a place where everyone must go to focus on innovation,” Shapiro said.
So, go ahead, get excited about all the new gadgets that will be announced at CES this week. I will. But just realize that there's a lot more to the show than the next smartphone or smart home device.
CES by the Numbers
CES, formerly known as the Consumer Electronics Show, will celebrate its 50th anniversary this week in Las Vegas. Now one of the largest trade shows in the world, the annual event has come a long way from its roots.
Expected attendees (2017): More than 165,000
Attendees (1967): More than 15,000
Exhibitors (2017): 3,800
Exhibitors (1967): 117
Floor space in square feet (2017): 2.5 million
Floor space (1967): 150,000
Melrose festival has chosen to reroute its main rideout this year amid fears Lowood Bridge will not reopen in time.
The bridge has been closed for almost 20 weeks for a £640,000 repair work, and it is due to reopen in mid-June just in time for Melrose Festival, but with no guarantee of that, the festival's main rideout will instead follow a different route on Monday, June 18.
A festival spokesman said: “While we are extremely grateful to Scottish Borders Council for keeping us up to date with progress on Lowood Bridge, and we appreciate that they are doing everything they can to complete the repairs in time, we also understand that we could be given no guarantees, so, having looked at alternatives available and consulted with relevant landowners, it was decided to go with an alternative route for this year which keeps us on this side of the river.
“We very much hope, however, that the community bike ride will be able to cross the bridge.”
Rather than crossing the River Tweed and following the Southern Upland Way towards the rear of Scabbet Hill and returning over Lowood Bridge, the rideout will instead stay on the Melrose side of the water for the entire rideout.
Leaderdale and Melrose councillor David Parker told the community council earlier this month: “The bridge works appear to be going steadily and are on time to be done by the Melrose rideout. We have had good weather which has helped that.
“But the rideout is not using the bridge.”
He also confirmed the bridge should be open for the Wednesday night cycle ride.
Mark Wilson/Getty Images(WASHINGTON) — A federal judge scolded former Trump campaign chairman Paul Manafort Monday for his alleged role in the crafting of a recently-published opinion piece in a Ukrainian newspaper designed to burnish his image.
Judge Amy Berman Jackson warned Manafort that her prior gag order “applies to you and not just your lawyer,” but took no further action on the matter.
After thanking the judge, Manafort's lawyer Kevin Downing took the opportunity — in a courtroom full of reporters — to take issue with “a torrent of negative press” against his client that “keeps rolling out again and again,” asking Jackson, “What is it we do” to counter that?
Jackson refused to give “advice,” on the situation, noting that “negative press” was also spreading about the prosecution, which was not raising complaints about it.
She further essentially accepted the defense's previously-filed argument that any potential jury pool would be drawn from Washington, D.C. and not Eastern Europe, so no jury pool would be tainted — one of the underlying reasons for the Nov. 8 gag order. But the judge noted that the op-ed is “out there” on the internet and therefore widely available and easily shared on “Facebook, Twitter, or a blog.”
The judge warned all parties against any further efforts “to circumvent and evade” the gag order.
The prosecution, which accused Manafort of heavily editing the article, had previously argued that the collaboration was with an individual “assessed to have ties” to Russian intelligence, but there was no mention of that relationship at the hour-long status hearing on Monday at U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia.
Manafort, 68, and his long-time associate Rick Gates, 45, have both pleaded not guilty to charges filed Oct. 30.
Both Manafort and Gates have, through their attorneys, argued to be released from house arrest with GPS monitoring, but Jackson was still trying to evaluate Monday the properties and other sureties that each defendant is offering to back their individual bonds — $10 million for Manafort and $5 million for Gates.
An exasperated Downing said, “We just want this thing to get done,” adding that with such strict conditions on his confinement, “It's been real difficult for Mr. Manafort to make a living.”
Downing then took another opportunity to defend his client, in broader terms, saying, with arms outstretched, “Some of the charges in this case, we just don't get it. We just see it as failing to file some paperwork.”
Jackson, with an amused expression on her face, was unfazed as she asked questions about Manafort's future plans for residency. No decisions were made on Monday regarding home confinement.
The judge made it clear both defendants would have to report their future whereabouts under any modified release terms, “even when the FBI is following you everywhere you go.”
Despite the seriousness of the proceedings, the judge injected a bit of levity saying of Gates, who has yet to prove the value of his assets backing his bond, the court wants “to get out of the business of monitoring soccer practice.”
Gates is the father of young children and has recently taken on coaching duties for one of his children's teams. Without his bond being verified as secure, each time he wishes to leave his home, he must obtain permission from the judge.
The next status hearing is scheduled for Jan. 16.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Many artists chose to ring in the new year by dropping a mixtape.
Let's start with Curren$y. He has dropped a new mixtape every month in 2016. Two days ago he released his last mixtape of 2016, Andretti 12/30.
Landed (prod. by Purpz of 808 Mafia) Step Outside (prod. by Purpz of 808 Mafia) Left My Keys (prod. by A$AP TY) Stash House f. Freddie Gibbs (prod. by 808 Ray) Presidents (prod. by Purpz of 808 Mafia) There Go the Man f. Corner Boy P (prod. by Drumma Boy) Been Real (prod. by Purpz of 808 Mafia) Open Air (prod. by 808 Ray) Lookin Like Money f. Tiny C-Style (prod. by Polyester the Saint) Motivation f. Mr. Marcelo and T.Y. (prod. by Cool and Dre) Above the Law f. Smoke DZA (prod. by Harry Fraud) Pound f. 2 Chainz
Tory Lanez, who made 2 appearances on the WDKX countdown, dropped two mixtapes New Years Day. This is the second year in a row Lanez has released two mixtapes on New Years Day & these projects are follow ups to last years mixtapes. The first is The New Toronto 2.
Talk To Me Nice Fargo Season (Prod. Play Picasso x Tory Lanez x Lee T) Bal Harbour (f. A$AP Ferg) (Prod. C Sick) DopeMan Go (Prod. C Sick) Bodmon Song (Extended Version) (Prod. Play Picasso) LICK x Drive You Crazy (Prod. Play Picasso x C Sick x EC Fresco) Dancin' (Prod. Play Picasso x C Sick) New Year $auce Baby (Prod. Play Picasso x C Sick) Bartenders & Spenders (Prod. Play Picasso x Lavish) Set It Off x Better (Prod. Retro 1 x Smash David) Super Freak (f. Rick Ross) (Prod. Reazy Renegade x Tory Lanez x Play Picasso) Anyway (Prod. C Sick) Came Thru (Prod. Play Picasso x Lavish) Wraith Talk (Prod. AraabMuzik) The second mixtape is part four of the Chixtape series called Chixtape 4.
Intro Slow Grind (f. Jacquees) (Prod. Tory Lanez x Play Picasso) Need a Girl (Prod. Play Picasso x Tory Lanez x CoopChardonnay) 1 Call (Prod. Play Picasso) Nigga Skit Pt. 2 Just a Friend (Prod. Sergio R x Play Picasso) Whats Luv (f. Nyce) (Prod. Tory Lanez x Play Picasso) Proud Family (Prod. Tory Lanez x Play Picasso x CoopChardonnay) Ignition (Prod. Sergio R x Play Picasso) Slow Down (Prod. Tory Lanez x Play Picasso x CoopChardonnay) Differences (Prod. Play Picasso x CoopChardonnay) Aaliyah (Prod. Play Picasso x C Sick)
Next up, is Chitown native Chief Keef.
He's back after many rumors of retirement and a luckluster 2016. Chief Keef is back with vengeance.
So Tree (Prod. by Lex Luger) Fix That (Prod. by Chief Keef) Empty (Prod. by Chief Keef) Reefah (Prod. by Lex Luger) Falling on the Floor (Prod. by Chief Keef) Short f. Tadoe (Prod. by Lex Luger) Knock it Off (Prod. by Chief Keef) Hit the Lotto Kash f. Chief Keef (Prod. by Young Chop) Check (Prod. by Chief Keef) Dope Smokes (Prod. by Chief Keef) Control f. Tadoe (Prod. by Lex Luger) Trying not to Swear (Prod. by Chief Keef) Go (Prod. by Chief Keef) Telling it All (Prod. by Chief Keef) Stand Down f. Tadoe (Prod. by Chief Keef) Running Late (Prod. by Chief Keef) Anything Gets You Paid (Prod. by Leekeleek)
Last but not least is a collab mixtape released by Fab and Trigga called, Trappy New Years. Short & sweet the mixtape is only 6 songs long but it packs a punch.
1.All There listen download
2.Bad & Boujee
3.Use'ta This
4.Pick Up The Phone feat. MIKExANGEL
5.Spend That Shit
6.Keys To The Street
For years, conservationists worried about the increasing feral cats population at Mountain View's Shoreline Park because of how they could threaten protected species such as the burrowing owl.
Recent data collected by the city of Mountain View shows the increase in feral cats correlates with the decrease in the burrowing owls. Scientists estimate that fewer than 15 burrowing owls, marked as a California species of special concern by the state Department of Fish and Game, currently nest in Santa Clara County.
A trail of public record requests led conservationists to the well-meaning culprit across the street: a group of cat-loving Google employees called GCat Rescue. Environmental activists such as Johanna van de Woestijne are calling for Google to remove GCat Rescue's feeding stations around the park.
Start your day with the news you need from the Bay Area and beyond.
Sign up for our new Morning Report weekday newsletter.
“Google can certainly afford to enclose their campus cats in catios,” van de Woestijne said. “There are plenty of good designs available.”
A Google spokesperson told this news organization that the company is looking into the issue. The owls, which nest in ground holes and average 8.7 inches tall, are particularly vulnerable to prowling feral cats released by GCat Rescue. However, activists brought the issue to the company attention six years ago.
The Santa Clara Valley Audubon Society and environmental activist Eileen McLaughlin first asked Google to remove the cat feeding stations in 2012. Three years later, they advocated for the city of Mountain View to stop the release of feral cats into North Bayshore.
GCat Rescue captures cats around the Google headquarters, feeds them through at least three stations supplied with cat food and water, then either puts them up for adoption or neuters and releases them. Although members have placed 148 cats up for adoption, the site does not say how many — identifiable by notched ears — they've released.
The group's website asserts that “neutering and colony care also stop nuisance behaviors like fighting, screaming, spraying, roaming, hunting, etc,” but environmental activists like the Silicon Valley Audubon Society's Shani Kleinhaus disagree.
“People who say that well-fed feral cats don't hunt are wrong,” she said. “It would be nice to believe that but it's their instinct. It's their nature; they hunt.”
Last year, Mountain View's official count reported 318 cat sightings at Shoreline Park. And for the first time in 20 years of record-keeping, no burrowing owl fledglings were sighted in 2017. Ten were observed back in 2011.
McLaughlin, who also serves as a board member of the Citizen's Committee to Complete the Refuge, which calls for the protection and expansion of the San Francisco Bay National Wildlife Refuge, stresses the importance of preserving biodiversity.
“We lose the owls, we lose something else next, and then something else,” she told the New York Times. “We need biodiversity.”
Cats aren't the only threat to the burrowing owls. The Shoreline golf course also endangers them. A Mountain View report noted “direct contact between golf balls and burrowing owls” have killed several.
For more pets and animals coverage follow us on Flipboard.
Kleinhaus added that society needs to consider nature in sustainability plans.
By Lance Jennings
JULY 3, 2018… The AMSOIL USAC/CRA Sprint Cars are back in action, this Saturday, July 7th, for their first of two appearances at Santa Maria Raceway. Now promoted by Nick Duggan, the “10th Annual Doug Fort Memorial” will also feature IMCA Modifieds, Sport Mods, Hobby Stocks, Mini Stocks, and the Santa Maria Dwarf Cars. Located in Nipomo, California, the pit gates at “The West's Best Short Track” will open at 1:00pm, the front gates open at 4:00pm, time trials are scheduled for 5:00pm, and racing will begin at 5:30pm. For more information, visit the track's website at www.santamariaraceway.com.
NOTICE TO RACERS: FRONT AXLE TETHER SYSTEMS ARE MANDATORY. The Hoosier 105/16 Medium is the ONLY legal right rear tire and all four corners must be Hoosier. The “Medium” is also the current legal tire with the USAC West Coast, USAC SouthWest, and VRA Sprint Cars. Cars must pass a tech inspection and one-way radios are mandatory for drivers. USAC/CRA charges a $25 entry fee to all competitors and the series rule book can be found online at www.usacracing.com. USAC MEMBERSHIPS can be purchased at the track or online at https://usacracing.redpodium.com/2018-usac-sprint-midget-sc
2018 APPROVED/LEGAL MUFFLERS:
EXTREME: 6014-3535, 3615-3535
SCHOENFELD: 14272535, 14272735-78
FLOWMASTER: 53545-10, 13516100, 13516101
COAST FABRICATION: 350x625x17-2S
B&B: FRAC-0375S
SPINTECH: 1545P SUPER STOCK
*Failure to comply with the muffler rule will risk disqualification from the event.
Saturday's point race honors Doug Fort, who built and operated the Santa Maria facility. Opening on Sunday, March 31, 1964 with the California Racing Association (CRA) Sprint Cars, Fort continued to serve as owner and promoter until his passing in 1999. During his tenure, the Santa Maria track was named the “Best Short Track Operation West of the Mississippi” on two separate occasions and hosted a wide variety of race cars.
Originally a winged 410 sprint car race, Tyler Walker claimed the inaugural “Doug Fort Memorial” that was sanctioned by the Golden State Challenge in 2009. The race switched to the USAC West Coast 360s in 2012 and “The Kruser” Cory Kruseman won the next two memorials. The show became part of the USAC/CRA schedule in 2014 and “The Cadillac” Cody Williams added his name to the record books. Last year, 2016 Rookie of the Year, Max Adams took his first checkered flags in the Dwight Cheney machine. Since the inception of the “Doug Fort Memorial,” it continues to be a popular event and the complete win list is at the bottom of this release.
Since June 18, 2005, Santa Maria Raceway has held twenty-three USAC/CRA Sprint Car events and sixteen different drivers have claimed victory. Ryan Bernal leads all drivers with three wins and “The Bullet” Blake Miller set the 1-lap qualifying record of 13.230 on June 14, 2008. A complete Santa Maria USAC/CRA win list is at the end of this release.
Entering the seventh point race, “The Demon” Damion Gardner (Concord, California) has a 22-point lead over the competition. Driving Mark Alexander's #4 Trench Shoring / Weld Racing Spike, Gardner ran second to Justin Grant at Perris on June 23rd. At press time, “The Demon” has two feature wins, four heat race victories, six top-10 finishes, and 97 feature laps led to his credit. The six-time champion has seventy-seven USAC/CRA victories and will be looking to extend his point lead with his third Santa Maria win.
Jake Swanson (Anaheim, California) ranks second in the championship point standings. Piloting Tom and Laurie Sertich's #92 Huntington Beach Glass & Mirror / Phil & Eileen King Triple X, Swanson placed fifth in the June 23rd main event. To date, the defending USAC West Coast 360 Sprint Car Champion has one Woodland Auto Display Fast Time Award, two heat race victories, one Saldana Racing Products / Racing Optics Hard Charger Award, six top-10 finishes, and 9 feature laps led in the campaign. Jake has one career USAC/CRA win and will have his sights on adding his name to the Santa Maria win list.
Brody Roa (Garden Grove, California) is third in the USAC/CRA point chase. Racing the BR Performance #91R HD Industries / Burris Racing Maxim, Roa finished third at the Lake Perris Fairgrounds after starting seventh. At press time, the 2016 USAC West Coast 360 Champion has one feature win, one Woodland Auto Display Fast Time Award, one Competition Suspension Incorporated / Rod End Supply Semi-Main, five top-10 finishes, and 34 feature laps led on the season. Brody has four career USAC/CRA wins and will be looking to add another Santa Maria win to his resume.
“The Cadillac” Cody Williams (Corona, California) sits fourth in the chase for the championship. Driving Jack Jory's #44 John Jory Corporation / AMA Plastics Spike, Williams ran eighth at Perris Auto Speedway. To date, 2010 Victorville Champion has one Woodland Auto Display Fast Time Award, one heat race victory, and four top-10 finishes on the season. “The Cadillac” earned his only USAC/CRA win at the 2010 “Doug Fort Memorial” and will have his sights on the $3,000 victory.
R.J. Johnson (Laveen, Arizona) is fifth in the USAC/CRA point standings. Piloting Dwight Cheney's #42 Racing Optics / Sander Engineering Maxim, Johnson charged from thirteenth to ninth on June 23rd. At press time, the five-time USAC SouthWest 360 Sprint Car Champion has four top-10 finishes on the season. R.J. has six USAC/CRA wins to his credit and will be looking for his first Santa Maria win this Saturday night.
Currently eighteenth in points, Joel Rayborne (West Covina, California) leads the chase for Rookie of the Year honors. Austin Ervine (Bakersfield, California) and Gary Paulson (Woodland, California) are also in contention.
Among the other drivers expected to be in action are “The Big Game Hunter” Austin Williams, Max Adams, Tommy “Thunder” Malcolm, Logan Williams, Chris Gansen, Richard Vander Weerd, “T-Dub” Trent Williams, Austin Liggett, “Hollywood” Danny Faria Jr., Jace Vander Weerd, “Showtime” Danny Sheridan, James Herrera, and more.
Santa Maria Raceway is located 1/4-mile north of the 101/166 interchange at 1900 Hutton Road in Nipomo, California. Adult tickets are $25, Kids tickets (6-12) are $6, and Children tickets (5 & under) are FREE. For more event information, visit the track's website at www.santamariaraceway.com.
The AMSOIL USAC/CRA Sprint Car Series thanks Hoosier Tire, All Coast Construction, BR Motorsports, ButlerBuilt Professional Seat Systems, Circle Track Performance, Competition Suspension Incorporated, Extreme Mufflers, Five Star Grafix, Keizer Aluminum Wheels, King Racing Products, Pyrotect Racing Cells, Racing Optics, Rod End Supply, Saldana Racing Products, surfNsprint.com, Ultra Shield Race Products, and Woodland Auto Display for their support. If you or your company would like to become part of the series, contact PR Director Lance Jennings at lwjennings@earthlink.net.
For more information on USAC/CRA, visit the United States Auto Club (USAC) website at www.usacracing.com. You can also find exclusive content on the USAC/CRA Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram pages.
PHILADELPHIA -- The Eagles continued training camp with practice on Monday morning at the NovaCare Complex, ahead of Thursday night's preseason game against Jordan Matthews and the Buffalo Bills.
Matthews was traded to the Bills on Friday along with a third-round draft choice in a deal for cornerback Ronald Darby.
Darby, 23, practiced for the first time on Sunday morning, and immediately took snaps with the first-team defense.
"We were just trying to get him out there. It's tough when you come in and you've got one day to try to get up to speed," Eagles defensive coordinator Jim Schwartz told reporters Sunday of the chance to get Darby out there with the starters immediately. "And there were a couple signs of that where we had a miscommunication. It really wasn't a miscommunication, it's just he's not up to speed on a lot of the calls.
"But we tried to limit it, mainly a lot of man-to-man just so it would stay that way. Hard to really say. I mean, I'm watching all 11 guys on defense. You guys are only watching one. You've got to admit, that is the only one you guys were watching, right?"
There are plenty of questions ahead of Thursday night's game, such as whether or not Alshon Jeffery will make his preseason debut and just how long quarterback Carson Wentz and the starters will see the field.
Projecting Eagles WR depth chart post-trade
Practice is slated to begin at 9:15 a.m., and NJ Advance Media Eagles beat reporters Eliot Shorr-Parks and Matt Lombardo will be live at the NovaCare Complex. Follow along below for LIVE updates, instant analysis, photos and video from practice:
Tweets about #eagles AND From:@EliotShorrParks OR From:@MattLombardoPHL OR From:@rosenstein73
Matt Lombardo may be reached at MLombardo@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @MattLombardoPHL.
Apollo 11 bag laced with moon dust sells for $1.8M A bag containing traces of moon dust sold for $1.8 million at an auction on Thursday following a galactic court battle. The collection bag, used by astronaut Neil Armstrong during...
Professor wants moon-landing sites preserved as landmarks LAS CRUCES, NM — A New Mexico State University anthropology professor is on a mission to save moon-landing sites. Beth O'Leary is speaking this week in Washington, DC, on preserving...
Buzz Aldrin spent 33 bucks on his trip to the moon Apparently even a trip to space requires an expense report. In tweets posted by the Apollo 11 voyager himself, Buzz Aldrin released photos of 1969 documents showing that the historic...
The decision to permit short term rentals is back in the hands of Del Mar City Council.
On Tuesday, the Del Mar Planning Commission, tasked with determining whether vacation rentals are permitted, decided to make no decision on the issue.
Some frustrated homeowners said that after two years, elected and appointed officials, charged with managing the affluent beach community with properties worth millions of dollars, do not have the political will to resolve this issue.
A month ago, the city council was accused of kicking the can to the planning commission, which is now throwing it back to them.
In a 3-2 vote, the Del Mar Planning Commission concluded that short-term rentals are not addressed in the municipal code. So, until City Council makes some rules about them, they cannot interpret whether vacation rentals are a permitted use.
At last month's City Council, meeting members struggled with the same ambiguous municipal code language so they tasked the planning commission with interpreting it.
"It's pathetic. They have in their mind they just don't want this to go forward . They are using all these excuses and all this rhetoric to prevent this thing from any kind of compromise,” said resident Noel Quintana.
Currently, there is a temporary moratorium on new short-term rentals but the city estimates 143 vacation rentals are operating.
Some of those homeowners at Tuesday's meeting said the extra income helps pay the bills, secures their retirement, and brings customers to Del Mar restaurants and retailers.
The "no decision" does not sit well with that group.
"What I am hoping is not what they are going to do because City Council is already stacked that they do not want short-term rentals so they are going to disallow short-term rentals,” said resident Debbie Church.
Three new City Council members elected last year ran on "no short-term rental" platforms.
City Council's next scheduled meeting is Friday.
How Egypt is Working to Implement Economic Reform
Egyptian Minister of Investment and International Cooperation Sahar Nasr discusses efforts to attract foreign investment, regulatory reform, and the outlook for the nation's economy. She speaks with Bloomberg's Shery Ahn and David Westin on "Bloomberg Markets: Balance of Power." (Source: Bloomberg)
With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy, it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry. But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone, consumers deci...
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — An annual tradition at the University of Minnesota has again led to a controversy involving free speech and vandalism.
Student groups are allowed to paint panels on the Washington Avenue Bridge for two days each October to advertise their organizations during the “Paint the Bridge” event.
But panels made Friday by the U of M College Republicans and the University's chapter of Turning Point USA were vandalized soon after they were completed.
The College Republicans' panel reads, ‘Still not tired of winning,” and “Least Popular Minority on Campus.” It also features a drawing of a train that reads “Trump-Pence 2020.”
Vandals wrote on the panel “You're Not a Minority,” and “You're the Oppressors.”
Turning Point USA's panel reads, “Free Markets, Free People, Free Speech,” and “Facts Don't Care About Your Feelings.” It also features a drawing of the American flag with the words “We Stand” underneath.
Vandals wrote, “Fight Fascism,” “Punch Nazis,” and “End White Supremacy” in the white lines of the flag drawing. Under “We Stand,” they added “With Immigrants We Do!”
Turning Point is a nonprofit whose self-described mission is “to identify, educate, train, and organize students to promote the principles of freedom, free markets, and limited government.”
This is the second year in a row that the College Republicans panel has been targeted by vandals. Last year's panel read “Build The Wall,” and was later covered with the words, “Stop White Supremacy.”
ABC News(LOS ANGELES) — The Thomas fire, the worst of five wildfires currently burning in California, grew by more than 50,000 acres on Sunday, making it the fifth-largest wildfire in the state's history, fire officials said.
Fueled by shifty Santa Ana winds and extremely low humidity, the destructive blaze had charred at least 230,000 acres by Sunday evening, prompting new mandatory evacuation orders for about 5,000 residents in Santa Barbara County.
More than 30,000 other residents in Santa Barbara County were under evacuation warnings.
The fire, which has burned uncontrollably since last Monday, had destroyed 790 structures and damaged about 190 others by Sunday, authorities said. It was only 10 percent contained as of Sunday evening as about 5,770 firefighters from about 100 different crews battled the blaze, according to fire officials. It was about 15 percent contained earlier, but the containment dropped as the fire's perimeter grew, officials said.
It was previously 15 percent contained, according to fire officials, but the containment level dropped as the fire's perimeter grew overnight Saturday and through the day Sunday.
The state has spent more than $34 million on efforts to suppress the Thomas fire, which has also knocked out electricity for thousands of area residents, authorities said.
“[We're] facing a new reality in the state,” California Governor Jerry Brown said Saturday as he surveyed the damage in Ventura County. “It's a horror and a horror we need to recover from.”
He also noted that the years of drought and climate change have caused experts to conclude that “California is burning up.”
From here on in California, Brown said, fires are going to be more “intense” and penetrate lives and property.
“Individuals need to come together to make our communities livable,” he said.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) – An atheist in northern Minnesota says his truck was vandalized over the Easter weekend with messages telling him that if he “doesn't like God” he should pack up and leave.
Jeff Carter woke up Saturday morning to find his pickup covered with raw egg, dashes of flour and graffitied statements such as “God is great” and “Jesus is life.” His atheist bumper stickers were torn off.
“Loving Christians?” Carter wrote that morning in a Facebook post containing several images of his defaced truck. By Monday, the post had been shared nearly 16,000 times.
The Crookston Police Department is investigating the incident, according to a Bemidji Pioneer report.
In a follow-up Facebook post on Easter Sunday, Carter said he did not feel persecuted by the Christians in his community for his open atheism. Instead, he said the vandalism was likely the work of “a handful of idiots.”
“I have received hundreds of messages from absolute strangers offering to pay for damage to my truck…and apologizing for what happened,” he wrote. “Nobody owes me an apology for this except the people that did it. It really is no big deal.”
Carter has lived in Crookston for six years, according to the Bemidji Pioneer report. He told the newspaper that “quite a few” people treat him like an outsider due to his lack of belief.
“I'll get a middle finger every once in a while, or my girlfriend will get yelled at occasionally,” he said.
Still, he says that he gets on well with most of his religious neighbors.
“I'm not trying to offend people,” he said. “I just want to make it socially acceptable for someone to be open about their disbelief and religion.”
Carter says the paint and egg washed off his truck and that now it looks “brand new.” He plans to replace his atheist bumper stickers by the end of the week.
The hit-and-run driver tried to leave on foot, but he was found and arrested. NBC 7's Mackenzie Maynard reports.
67-Year-Old Killed When Driver Went Onto Sidewalk
A 67-year-old man was killed after a black Dodge Ram drove onto the sidewalk in the South Bay Saturday evening.
The 23-year-old driver lost control and hit a couple walking near their house, according to police. The 67-year-old man was pronounced dead at the scene, and the 55-year-old woman who was with him was taken to the hospital with life-threatening injuries. The incident happened around 6:25 p.m. in the 6400 block of Parkside Ave.
The driver left the scene on foot but was quickly found and detained.
He is suspected of driving under the influence of a controlled substance.
The San Diego Police Department Traffic Division is investigating the collision.
Check back on this breaking story for updates.
Note: The truck did not hit a house as previously reported.
PIQUA, Ohio (WDTN) – A local library posted on Facebook Monday to not use the solar eclipse glasses passed out last week.
The Piqua Public Library passed out solar eclipses glasses from Amazon.com with the proper certification but found out Monday afternoon the manufacturer could not verify the safety of the glasses.
In the post, it warns the public to not use these glasses and the eclipse glasses could damage someone's eyesight.
The post was shared 237 times.
Click here to view NASA's solar eclipse glasses safety information.
You can read the full Facebook post from the library below:
Watch out Quinoa, and move over Spirulina — there's a new Superfood in town that absolutely no one saw coming.
Scientists are now claiming that cockroach milk has four times as much protein as cow's milk, three times more than buffalo milk, and is one of the most nourishing and highly caloric substances on the planet.
But don't go looking behind the fridge for roaches to squeeze just yet. Experts say it'll be a while before the post-natal fluid of a roach becomes a household thing.
Mmmm a warm glass of roach milk on a scorching hot summer day pic.twitter.com/4iiaTTd9ul — drew 2 (@drewphilips_) May 24, 2018
Only a very specific species of cockroaches native to Hawaii produces the milk. Those roaches actually give live birth instead of laying eggs. However, companies are trying to hop on the wave while the tide is still high. Gourmet Grub has already made a non-dairy milk alternative made from insects, called “Entomilk.”
Who would've though to undergo of insects would be saving the lives of humans in the future. Are you drinking it though?
via GIPHY
Y'all Drinking This? Cockroach Milk May Be The Cure To All Your Health Problems was originally published on globalgrind.com
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
The past 18 months has been marked by a flurry of activity at Australia & New Zealand Banking Group (ANZ), one of the ‘big four' banking groups down under and according to Diana Brightmore-Armour, its UK and Europe chief executive officer (CEO), “the most international of the Australian banks – and the most Australian of the international banks.”
Under Shayne Elliott, who joined as a managing director eight years ago and was promoted to the group's CEO at the start of 2016, ANZ has scaled back its empire building in Asia. Last October, it announced the sale of its retail and wealth management businesses in five countries across the region – China, Hong Kong, Indonesia, Singapore and Taiwan – to Singapore's DBS Group Holdings. The move was in direct contrast to ANZ's policy of expansion in Asia pursued by Elliott's predecessor, Mike Smith.
At a recent breakfast roundtable in London that she hosted jointly with Helen Mason, ANZ's corporate and transaction banking head for Europe, Brightmore-Armour said that Elliott's strategy was focused on three “key transformations” of the group, financial, digital and cultural.
The exit from ANZ's retail and wealth management business in some Asian markets and a sharp reduction in its risk-weighted assets were recognition that ANZ needed to be smaller and better capitalised, said Brightmore-Armour. Reports suggest that ANZ's overseas operations used up one third of its capital but generated less than 20% of profit. In the UK and Europe, the group has reviewed its client base to identify those not providing reasonable returns.
“The big multinationals recognise that lower fees and smaller margins mean that banks are making less money,” added Brightmore-Armour. “There is a trade-off, as they want to have fewer banks but need some regional banks.”
On digitisation, ANZ is keen to dispel a ‘myth' that it should be confined to the retail side and innovations such as Apple Pay. It has a digital plan for its institutions, which extends beyond just cost-cutting. Asked what corporate clients require of digitisation, Brightmore-Armour suggested that often it was simply banks providing efficient products for both reliability and speed of transaction such as the example of a cash-rich US multinational which is looking to ANZ to assist their digitisation by delivering banking automation to their international trade and capital flows.
“Other institutional clients have been keen to know what digitisation can provide for them as trade processes are still very manual and paper-based. They particularly like ANZ's ability to provide ‘umbrella' agreements develop that can cover numerous trades across a number of geographies.
Onboarding and innovation
The concept of a central know-your-customer (KYC) registry has so far proved too difficult to realise; in part because individual banks are reluctant to rely on others to verify information and are very mindful of the huge potential repercussions should the process be mismanaged.
“However, on the retail side it's now much easier to switch banks than it was five years ago and the same should happen next on the institutional side,” added Brightmore-Armour. Cost continues to present an obstacle though. “Banks are now in an era of lower fees and lower profit margins, so revenues are down but the cost pressures remain significant.”
These costs include investment in financial technology (fintech) development, which is persuading both ANZ and its peers to enter more partnerships. Earlier this year, the group announced that Google Australia's CEO, Maile Carnegie, had joined as ANZ's new head of digital banking and Elliott has flagged up future partnerships with fintechs and regtechs to spread the cost.
ANZ also has a Singapore-based innovation lab, which is focused on digital solutions for corporate and institutional clients. The bank is also working on the launch of a revamped real-time payments platform in Australia later this year. While Australia was ahead of many countries in adopting electronic payments, the infrastructure behind several of the systems is in need of modernising.
Future potential
Despite recent retrenchment, ANZ is keenly aware of Asia's potential. Already responsible for generating 40% of global gross domestic product (GDP), the region is expected to deliver nearly two-thirds of economic growth over the next few years.
“One of our multinational clients still has their treasurer for Asia based in Europe – surely something that can't continue much longer as the region becomes steadily more important,” said Brightmore-Armour. While trapped cash is a long-established problem for companies operating in China, she noted that greater liberalisation has seen the country's rules change regularly with a recent further easing of restrictions.
In addition, while foreign banks have established a footprint in China collectively their market share accounts for no more than 2%. ANZ has seven branches in China, of which Shanghai is the biggest. Mason described the group's strategy is ‘on the ground support' and receptive to both China's culture and regulation. “We speak to the regulators regularly and ensure that we respond quickly to regulatory changes, particularly as our European Head Quartered clients look to ANZ for country expertise..”
As regards to the region's other economic powerhouse, India, corporates have been finding life easier since Narendra Modi took office three years ago in what has traditionally proved “a hard market to penetrate”, despite the UK's historic ties with the country.
“Regulation has tended to take a nationalistic approach, contrary to the general trend to greater globalisation,” said Brightmore-Armour. “If you're a bank you can't ignore regulation and it will be interesting to see if digitisation helps in reviving the globalisation process.”
0 views
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Jupp Heynckes revealed how he had to put an arm around James Rodriguez because he was "a little depressed" after leaving Real Madrid for Bayern Munich.
James joined Madrid after impressing with Colombia at the 2014 World Cup and he initially adapted well at the Santiago Bernabeu, scoring 13 goals in his first LaLiga campaign.
#Heynckes: "Our fans love watching @jamesdrodriguez play. He is a key component of the #FCBayern team. He has a lot of imagination and is a top footballer. He has arrived - and is learning German!" #FCBRMA #MiaSanMia pic.twitter.com/j36WoB2X2A — FC Bayern English (@FCBayernEN) April 24, 2018
But inconsistency, combined with Madrid's abundance of attacking options, led to James falling out of favour, so much so that he made just 13 leagues starts last season and was left out of their squad for the Champions League final.
As such, he was allowed to leave on a two-year loan to Bayern, who have the option to make the deal permanent, and his debut Bundesliga campaign has taken a turn for the better after a slow start.
Heynckes puts James' early struggles down to being "depressed", something he helped sooth by being attentive to the 26-year-old playmaker, and now James has found his feet again as he prepares to take on his parent club in the Champions League semi-final first leg on Wednesday.
"He was a little depressed," Heynckes told reporters at his pre-match news conference.
"I took care of him, I had lots of talks with him, and step by step he found confidence. He is more relaxed within the team.
"Our fans here, when they see him play football, they enjoy it. Above all he is a player who has fantasy, has an overview.
JAMES BACKS Bavaria TO BEAT MADRID
"He is more open-minded and gives the impression he feels well and has settled in Munich. I think this is most fundamental.
"He has been learning German, but as you know with Spanish speaking players it is difficult for them to learn. But I can speak with him."
Despite his improvement and inevitable desire to prove his worth against Madrid, James is not guaranteed to start, with Heynckes suggesting it will be either the Colombian or Thiago Alcantara in his line-up.
HEYNCKES: CAN'T COMPARE LEWANDOWSKI AND RONALDO
He also has doubts over David Alaba and Corentin Tolisso, who have had injuries of late.
"David and Tolisso, we will decide tomorrow [Wednesday] morning if they are in the squad," Heynckes said.
Miss out on any of the action from the Minnesota Timberwolves' 95-89 loss to the Portland Trail Blazers?
We've got you covered.
Check out all the best clips from the loss, including some great plays by rookie Kris Dunn:
#TWolves asst coach Andy Greer: ‘It was an effective first half' pic.twitter.com/teDeDz8Fsb — FOX Sports North (@fsnorth) January 2, 2017
. @trailblazers‘ @thekidet on win: ‘We had to lock in and make it tough for them' pic.twitter.com/0im47MGkgx — FOX Sports North (@fsnorth) January 2, 2017
The Mohave County Sheriff's Office said they are searching for a boating passenger who was reported missing after a crash on Lake Havasu Saturday.
The Mohave County Sheriff's Office said they are searching for a boating passenger who was reported missing after a crash on Lake Havasu Saturday.
He also allegedly kept her from breathing until she turned blue. ..
He also allegedly kept her from breathing until she turned blue. ..
A 10-year-old boy has died after being found beaten, burned and bound in Chino Valley Thursday, according to Chino Valley police.
A 10-year-old boy has died after being found beaten, burned and bound in Chino Valley Thursday, according to Chino Valley police.
The page you requested is currently unavailable. Pages on this site are constantly being revised, updated, and occasionally removed. You may have followed an outdated link or have outdated pages in your
What is your favorite colo?
Thank you for voting.
You have already voted on this poll !
Please select an option !
The Vice-President of the Nigeria Labour Congress (NLC), Mr Solomon Adelegan, announced last Wednesday that the Federal Government was foot-dragging on negotiating a new minimum wage for workers.
Adelegan, who made the disclosure in an interview with tnewsmen in Lagos, said that negotiating a new wage for workers was long overdue.
“The agreement on new minimum wage as posited by the NLC Chairman Ayuba Wabba is long overdue because the former document signed by the government and labour is renewable after every fifth year.
“As I speak now, we are in the seventh year, meaning it is overdue for review and we have sent letters to the appropriate quarters for the negotiation to commence but there is no word from government.
“We have done our part since about four months ago when we presented our recommendation but government has yet to commence.
“We want to let the government know that our patience is running out on this issue. On our part, there are many options open to us.”
Adelegan said that there might not be a decent workforce if the workers were working under duress, engendered by poverty as a result of poor remuneration.
“The position of the NLC is simple, when we talk about decent workforce, there should be a commensurate pay to drive them.
“Nigerian workers are working under unfavourable condition. How long will it take government's team to engage labour if they are serious with the negotiation?
“We are calling on government to expedite action on the new minimum wage without delay because the present pay being received now is a shame, considering the current economic hardship.
“The impact of recession as claimed by the government is only felt by the workers.''
Adelegan said that in spite of the hardships brought by recession, workers in some state were owed salaries; a development, he described as disheartening.
“In recession, some state governments still owe the meager salary they are paying their workforce; this to us is unacceptable and appalling.
“Benue State government owes 13 months' salary, including the local government workers. In kogi State, the government is owing workers to the tune of three years.
“This is a crisis we want to avert.
“The government is claiming lack of fund but their officials are all over the place squandering the revenue, driving new posh cars and all what have you. This is quite exploitative on the part of government.
“We will soon call out Nigerian workers to stand up to their rights and we will implore them to give us their maximum support to making their lives meaningful because government has the resources to pay.”
Beginning in May, the flight will be the only nonstop service between the two cities. It will operate five days a week, and tickets are available to purchase on ba.com.
Customers will be able to fly to London on one of the newest aircraft in British Airways' fleet, the Boeing 787-8 Dreamliner. Travelers will also have the opportunity to connect quickly and easily onto one of the 130-plus destinations to which British Airways flies.
BA223 will depart from London Heathrow at 3:45 p.m. and arrive into Nashville International Airport at 6:50 p.m. BA222 will depart Nashville at 8:20 p.m., arriving in London at 10:30 a.m. the next day.
“Nashville has all the qualities that we look for in a new destination, a fast growing economy, thriving cultural scene and strong connections to Europe,” said Simon Brooks, British Airways' senior vice president for North America. “We know British tourists will be excited to discover Music City and are looking forward to welcoming new customers from Tennessee on board very soon.”
“This is a big day not just for Nashville but for all of Tennessee because London is a gateway to and from all of Europe,” said Gov. Bill Haslam. “Having a direct connection to London and Europe opens up Tennessee to even more investment and economic opportunities. As a state, we've led the nation in job creation from foreign direct investment in 2013 and 2015, and we want to thank British Airways for today's announcement that will undoubtedly help us strengthen current and build new relationships in Europe, bringing more high quality jobs to Tennessee.”
“Over the last two years, I have worked closely with Gov. Haslam and more than 50 city, state, business and community leaders to make Nashville International Airport truly live up to its name by bringing a nonstop transatlantic flight between London and Music City,” said Nashville Mayor Megan Barry. “With Nashville as the leading economic engine in the state, this new service will be a difference maker as the city's momentum continues on all fronts – business development and tourism.”
British Airways' state-of-the-at Boeing 787-8 Dreamliner aircraft accommodates 214 customers across three cabins, with 154 seats in World Traveller, 25 seats in World Traveller Plus and 35 seats in Club World. All customers will be able to enjoy free meals, beverages, individual widescreen TV screens with complimentary on-demand entertainment and a free checked bag.
Designed to enhance customer well being, the new fuel-efficient aircraft operates with a lower pressurization, reducing the effects of jet lag for customers.
A joint business agreement between American, British Airways, Iberia and Finnair allows members of the AAdvantage, Executive Club and Plus programs to earn and redeem points or miles on codeshare flights across the airlines. Customers also get access to great prices across all four airlines with the ability to mix and match flights to get the best deals and enjoy smoother connections for onward flights through coordinated schedules.
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
WASHINGTON — The White House is preparing to send a list of immigration proposals to Capitol Hill in the coming days, including backing for a bill that would make it easier for local police to question people they stop about their immigration status, according to four people familiar with the conversations.
One source described the package as the "wish list" of Stephen Miller, senior policy adviser to President Trump and a known immigration hardliner.
A senior administration official and three other sources familiar with the deliberations say the proposal includes part of the Davis-Oliver Act, which has been criticized by Democrats and some Republicans. The bill requires police to report to the Department of Homeland Security all identifying information on anyone they encounter who is suspected to be in the country illegally.
It's a controversial piece of a plan intended to delineate the administration's immigration priorities as Congress considers how to handle the DACA (Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals) program, created by President Barack Obama to allow immigrants who were brought into the U.S. illegally as children to remain.
U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents during an early morning operation in Dallas. LM Otero / AP
The administration announced it would rescind the program last month, giving Congress six months to come up with a legislative solution before DACA recipients would be eligible for deportation. Some had speculated that the White House would demand that the hard-line policies be pushed through Congress before agreeing to sign a DACA bill, but the sources have suggested that will not be the case.
"At a time of so much tragedy in our country, we need President Trump to focus on real solutions, like ensuring that Congress passes the bipartisan Dream Act rather than putting forth more xenophobic proposals," said Marielena Hincapie, executive director of the National Immigration Law Center. The Dream Act refers to a bill that would make the DACA program into law.
Two sources familiar with the deliberations say the White House is seeking to strengthen some of its positions on immigration ahead of the debate over DACA. But a senior administration official said the White House is not proposing that all of these priorities become law before signing onto a DACA bill, as some will be difficult to pass. "It's not a demand," the official said.
“ I don't expect what they put forth to go over very well.”
Another potentially divisive piece of the White House plan is expected to include support for the RAISE Act, which would put new limits on the number of people who can enter the United States legally through work permits. The administration is also expected to seek more funding for more immigration agents, border patrol and judges, said the four sources.
Stephen Miller is driving the deliberations, which have been underway for several weeks. Miller, who worked for Jeff Sessions when the Attorney General was a senator from Alabama, is leading negotiations with some Republican senators to move any deal to address the legal status of Dreamers to the right, one senior Republican Senate aide said. President Trump's senior policy adviser Stephen Miller
"I don't expect what they put forth to go over very well," one of the sources said.
Republicans Lay Down New Guidelines
Addressing the green card system as part of any DACA fix surfaced after President Donald Trump met with Democratic leaders. The Democrats emerged from the meeting saying a "deal" to address Dreamers was in the works. That "deal" was to address the status of Dreamers and provide some funding for border security, but not a physical border wall.
Immigrants and supporters march to oppose the President Trump order end to DACA on Sept. 5, 2017 in Los Angeles. David McNew / Getty Images
But Trump met with five Republicans over dinner on Monday night where they laid down a new set of guidelines to reset the discussions on DACA. They included border security and a DACA fix but also partially doing away with so-called chain migration that allows family members of legal immigrants to immigrate to the United States. They argued for using the RAISE Act to create a merit-based system where immigration is determined by education level and other non-familial factors.
"What we've done is try to plant a flag about what it is we would stand for what we would want," Sen. David Perdue, R-Ga., said of the meeting with Trump. "These are the pieces of the puzzle that we're trying to come together and what the president did last night is raised the priority and get us organized about what it is we're all trying to accomplish."
But the RAISE Act is controversial even among Republicans. When it was first introduced earlier this year by Perdue and Sen. Tom Cotton, R-Ark., many Republicans dismissed it. But it's gotten a boost with the White House because of hard-line adviser Miller and the need to address Dreamers whose reprieve from deportation will expire in March.
Sen. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz., who introduced his own DACA fix that includes border security and allowing Dreamers a path to legalization, said that including a merit-based system will derail any deal on DACA.
"I doubt that you'll have enough time to do the kind of legislating or horse trading, whatever you want to call it, to deal with legal immigration. I think the most likely thing [a deal] will have is a DACA fix and some border security element," Flake said.
Miller's positions are not shared by everyone inside the White House. For example, current chief of staff John Kelly had previously served as Trump's Secretary of Homeland Security, where he acknowledged there were "push factors" such as violence and poverty driving many Central Americans to the United States. Kelly has said he met with hundreds of members of Congress to find a solution to DACA.
As a result of the differing opinions at the White House, the sources said the priorities could change before they are finally released to Capitol Hill as soon as this weekend.
The Hillsboro Police Department has released the following information:
Oct. 4
ARRESTS/CITATIONS
Andrew Jackson, 89, of Hillsboro, was cited for failure to yield.
Destiny Totton, 25, of Hillsboro, was cited for driving under suspension.
Richard Rickman, 34, of Hillsboro, was cited for driving under suspension.
Joseph Hughes, 34, of Bainbridge, was arrested for unlawful purchase of pseudoephedrine.
Christina Wagner, 28, of Hillsboro, was cited for assured clear distance ahead and driving under suspension.
ACCIDENTS
At 5:42 p.m. the police department responded to the area of the 700 block of North High Street for a report of a three-car crash. Upon arrival, a male juvenile out of Seaman, a female juvenile out of Hillsboro, and Logan Fenton, 34, of Winchester, were all traveling northbound. The male juvenile advised he looked away from the road for a moment and did not observe traffic ahead of him had stopped, causing him to strike the female juvenile in a rear-end type collision which caused the female juvenile to strike Fenton's vehicle in the same manner. The male and female juveniles both sustained disabling damage to their vehicles while Fenton's vehicle had minor damage. Minor injuries were reported on scene. The male juvenile was cited for assured clear distance ahead.
At 10:18 a.m. the police department responded to the 100 block of East Main Street for a report of a two-car crash. Upon investigation, Andrew Jackson, 89, of Hillsboro, was attempting to make a left turn leaving the parking lot of a private business while Ronald Smith, 51, of Hillsboro, was traveling westbound on East Main Street. When Jackson made the left turn in to the roadway he failed to yield to oncoming traffic when exiting a private drive, resulting in an angle type collision in the roadway. Both vehicles sustained functional damage. No injuries were reported on the scene of the crash. Jackson was cited for failure to yield.
Oct. 5
ARRESTS/CITATIONS
Charles Davis, 26, of Hillsboro, was arrested on a bench warrant.
Christopher Rowley, 31, of Fayetteville, was arrested on a bench warrant.
Douglas Simmons, 48, of Greenfield, was arrested for unlawful purchase of pseudoephedrine.
Dawn Willoughby, 48, of Hillsboro, was cited for driving under suspension and expired plates.
ACCIDENT
At 3:43 p.m. the police department responded to Harry Sauner Road near the entrance of Walmart for a report of a two-car crash. Upon arrival, Cody Morgan, of Hillsboro, was traveling west on Harry Sauner Road. Kathryn Schleehauf, of Hillsboro, was traveling east and was in the left turn lane that enters the west entrance of Walmart. Schleehauf had a green light and was waiting for oncoming traffic to clear and wasn't able to see traffic coming due to the vehicle that was in the turn lane in front of her. Schleehauf proceeded with a left turn causing her to strike the front end of Morgan's vehicle, causing minor damage to both vehicles. No injuries were reported on the scene. Schleehauf was cited for failure to yield when turning left.
The Second Avenue subway took nearly 70 years and $4.5 billion of dollars to complete, but it took just 30 minutes for its first problems to arise — and for annoyed straphangers to start griping.
“At least Mussolini made the trains run on time, every train has been late so far,” said Guardian Angels founder Curtis Sliwa Sunday from the newly christened 96th Street Station platform. “I thought this was going to be be the eight wonder of the world. Even in Rio de Janeiro and Mexico City, the stations are in better condition.”
Other riders agreed, complaining of waits up to 10 minutes as operators smoothed out signalling problems.
“I'm like, traffic? Really?” joked Upper East Side resident Estelle Friedman, who came out to ride the rails. “On day one of a brand-new subway line that we waited 100 years for?”
“On the inaugural #2ndavesubway with my cousin, signal malfunctions at 63rd St! After all the hype, we're still riding with @MTA after all,” chimed in user Ben Starr.
And keen-eyed commuters spotted another subterranean staple: trash.
“The 2nd Ave. subway has been running for literally 23 minutes and people have already strewn garbage about,” tweeted Ted Berg, who posted a snap of a plastic bag and other refuse.
Train buff Peter Reilly, 47, cheered the three gleaming new stations–but panned the bathroom at the 72nd Street station.
“It would be nice if you walked in here and there was more than just one frigging stall. I mean, this is a major transit hub; more than one person might need to pee at a time,” he said.
The new line even moved some New Yorkers to tears–of joy.
“Hallelujah, finally!” yelled 58-year-old Steven Slofsky in the 86th Street station. “I've been waiting for this for 58 years!”
“I remember when they were going to start phase two in 1972, then it got disbanded because of budget cuts. This project was actually 100 years in the making,” he said, starting to tear up. “I'm so happy, they actually met their goal and pulled it off on time.”
Slofsky, who was returning home after a hospital stay, was especially moved by the prospect of more convenience for the disabled on less-crowded trains.
“Now the 4,5 and 6 trains won't be as overcrowded,” he mumbled as a tear slid down his cheek. “It's mostly a convenience for people, especially those with disabilities.”
The three new stations at 72nd, 86th, and 96th Streets opened to the public at 11:45 a.m. Sunday. Trains began running around noon.
Governor Andrew Cuomo and MTA Chairman Tom Prendergast were among those to take the first train from the 96th Street Station.
The initial phase of the Q train extension cost some $4.5 billion, and ground was first broken in April 2007.
The subway line was first proposed in the late 1920s.
Trains are only running from 6 a.m. to 10 p.m. through this week, with full 24-hour service slotted to begin Jan. 9.
Additional reporting by Emily Saul
Should Police Have a Warrant To Review Cellphone Tower Data?
Like almost everyone else in America, thieves tend to carry their cellphones with them to work. When they use their phones on the job, police find it easier to do their jobs. They can get cellphone tower records that help place suspects in the vicinity of crimes, and they do so thousands of times a year.
Activists across the political spectrum, media organizations and technology experts are among those arguing that it is altogether too easy for authorities to learn revealing details of Americans' lives merely by examining records kept by Verizon, T-Mobile and other cellphone service companies.
On Wednesday, the Supreme Court hears its latest case about privacy in the digital age. At issue is whether police generally need a warrant to review the records.
Justices on the left and right have recognized that technology has altered privacy concerns.
The court will hear arguments in an appeal by federal prison inmate Timothy Carpenter. He is serving a 116-year sentence after a jury convicted him of armed robberies in the Detroit area and northwestern Ohio.
Investigators helped build their case by matching Carpenter's use of his smartphone to cell towers near Radio Shack and T-Mobile stores that had been robbed. The question is whether prosecutors should have been required to convince a judge that they had good reason, or probable cause, to believe Carpenter was involved in the crime. That's the standard set out in the Constitution's Fourth Amendment, which also prohibits unreasonable searches. Prosecutors obtained the records by meeting a lower standard of proof.
The American Civil Liberties Union, representing Carpenter, said in court papers that the records "make it possible to reconstruct in detail everywhere an individual has traveled over hours, days, weeks or months."
In Carpenter's case, authorities obtained cellphone records for 127 days and could determine when he slept at home and where he attended church on Sunday, said the ACLU's Nathan Freed Wessler.
Courts around the country have wrestled with the issue. The most relevant Supreme Court case is nearly 40 years old, before the dawn of the digital age, and the law on which prosecutors relied to obtain the records dates from 1986, when few people had cellphones.
The judge at Carpenter's trial refused to suppress the records, and a federal appeals court agreed. The Trump administration said the lower court decisions should be upheld.
Nineteen states supporting the administration said the records "are an indispensable building block" in many investigations. There is no evidence the records have been used improperly and requiring a warrant for them would result in more crimes going unsolved, the states said.
The administration relied in part on a 1979 Supreme Court decision that treated phone records differently than the conversation in a phone call, for which a warrant generally is required.
The court said in Smith v. Maryland that telephone users have no privacy right to the numbers they dial. Not only must the phone company complete the call using its equipment, but it also makes a record of calls for billing and other purposes, the court said.
But that case involved a single home telephone.
More recently, the justices have acknowledged that the wonders of technology also can affect Americans' privacy, and also struggled with striking the right balance.
Speaking in New Zealand last summer, Chief Justice John Roberts said he and his colleagues are not experts in the rapidly changing field. But he also reaffirmed his view as expressed in a 2014 opinion that generally requires police to get a warrant to search the cellphones of people they arrest.
"I'll say it here: Would you rather have law enforcement rummaging through your desk drawer at home, or rummaging through your iPhone?" Roberts asked. "I mean, there's much more private information on the iPhone than in most desk drawers."
Justices Samuel Alito and Sonia Sotomayor also have written about their concerns over technology's effect on privacy.
In that same 2014 case, Alito said Congress is better situated than the courts to address the concerns. Two years earlier, Sotomayor said the court may need to bring its views in line with the digital age. "I for one doubt that people would accept without complaint the warrantless disclosure to the Government of a list of every Web site they had visited in the last week, or month, or year," she wrote in a 2012 case about police installation of a tracking device on a without a warrant.
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
With a new regulation, the administration will allow any company or nonprofit group to refuse to cover contraception, by claiming a religious or moral exemption to the federal health law.
The Trump administration is rolling back the Obama-era requirement that employer-provided health insurance policies cover birth control methods at no cost to women.
According to senior officials with the Department of Health and Human Services, the goal of the new rule is to allow any company or nonprofit group to exclude the coverage for contraception if it has a religious or moral objection.
“This provides an exemption and it's a limited one,” said Roger Severino, director of the HHS Office of Civil Rights. “We should have space for organizations to live out their religious identity and not face discrimination.”
He said he expects most companies will continue to provide coverage for birth control and that the changes will only affect a tiny percentage of U.S. women. The new rules are being published Friday in the Federal Register and go into effect immediately.
But some health policy analysts say the new rule creates a huge opening that lets any employer claim an exemption, leaving their female workers to pay the full cost of any birth control out of pocket.
“It is a huge loophole for any employer that does not want to provide birth control coverage to their employees,” says Dania Palanker, a professor at Georgetown's Center on Health Insurance Reform.
The change fulfills a promise Trump made in May to the Catholic religious order The Little Sisters of the Poor in a ceremony in the White House Rose Garden. The nuns had sued the Obama administration over the birth control requirement.
The Affordable Care Act requires employer-provided health insurance policies to include coverage for preventive health care. After the law passed, HHS used its regulatory authority to specify what has to be included in those preventive services, and birth control, including “all Food and Drug Administration approved contraceptive methods, sterilization procedures, and patient education and counseling for all women with reproductive capacity.”
But the policy was controversial from the start.
Several companies and religious groups sued, saying the rule infringed on their religious freedom.
The Obama administration created an exemption for churches, and allowed other “religious employers” to opt out by notifying the government. When they did so, the administration would arrange with their insurance companies to provide the coverage directly, without the employers' involvement.
But the Little Sisters of the Poor weren't happy with that workaround and sued.
The group's case, and a second one involving private businesses including the Hobby Lobby chain of craft stores, went to the Supreme Court.
The court ruled in favor of Hobby Lobby in 2014, saying privately held companies could object on religious grounds. And then, last year, the court issued a split ruling in the Little Sisters case, saying the government shouldn't fine the nuns, but also ordering the two sides to work out an arrangement that accommodates their religious beliefs.
Before a deal was reached, Donald Trump became president.
At the Rose Garden ceremony in May, he told the Little Sisters of the Poor that he planned to change the rules. “You're long ordeal will soon be over,” he promised.
Under the new rule, women who work for Hobby Lobby or the religious group may no longer have access to birth control coverage through the Obama-era workaround. A Hobby Lobby spokesman said the company would have no comment on Friday, and the Little Sisters of the Poor didn't respond to NPR's emails seeking comment.
Hobby Lobby's founder and CEO David Green told reporters in 2013, “Our family is now being forced to choose between following the laws of the land that we love or maintaining the religious beliefs that have made our business successful and have supported our family and thousands of our employees and their families.”
HHS officials said they don't expect many companies to seek waivers. They said the group seeking waivers will likely be limited to those approximately 200 companies and nonprofits that have already sued.
But Palanker says the impact could be a lot bigger. There are a lot of large private companies, she says, whose owners may hold strong religious beliefs but did not want the publicity and expense of suing the federal government.
Hobby Lobby has 32,000 employees.
“A lot of women will retain birth control coverage,” Palanker says, “but there will be a lot of women who will lose that coverage.”
That means they'll find themselves paying out of pocket. A one-month's supply of birth control pills can cost anywhere from $4 to $55 or more, according to GoodRX.com.
Longer-acting contraception, like an IUD, can cost more than $1,000, says Sarah Lipton-Lubet, a vice-president of the National Partnership for Women and Families. She says the new rule is a tool for discrimination against women.
“Women shouldn't be denied access to basic health care based on their employers' religious beliefs,” she says. “We all have the right to our religious beliefs. But the way that this rule treats religion is really an excuse to discriminate.”
HHS officials say they also plan more stringent enforcement of a provision in the Affordable Care Act that prohibits federal subsidies from being used for insurance policies that cover abortion. The agency will issue guidelines for insurers today on how they have to charge women who want abortion coverage at least $12 a year more for such a policy, and they have to keep that money in a separate fund to be used only to pay for abortions.
The Trump administration's rule is likely to face its own legal challenges from groups that favor contraception.
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
Vote For Minnesota's Best Hard Cider The air's getting crisp, every store has some form of pumpkin spice in stock, and fall is sweeping into Minnesota!
Guide To 2017 Labor Day Weekend Events In MinnesotaSporting and cultural events will mark the transition from summer to fall during the Labor Day weekend. Minnesota will feature some of the best entertainment productions. While baseball features prominently on many Labor Day weekend schedules, for other activities a weekend guide can be useful.
Image copyright Crosscountry Trains Image caption Paul - unimpressed by train passengers in Liverpool
Cats - well known for doing as they please - have on occasion surprised the human race by using their paws to hold down a job. BBC News featured some of these purposeful pusses last week - but the number of whiskers in the workforce was too great to do justice to in just the one instalment.
So welcome to Volume Two: More Cats with Careers.
Cricket cats
Image copyright Somerset CCC Image caption Meowzat!
What sport could possibly appeal more to a cat than one played at a languorous pace with scheduled meal breaks?
The sound of leather on willow appeals to some furry fans such as Brian, who is usually to be found at Somerset County Cricket Club. The handsome chap patrols the grounds and enjoys the ebb and flow of a county match.
Perhaps the best-known cricket cat was Peter, the Lord's cat, also known as the Marylebone Mog, who lived at the famous cricket ground in London from 1952 to 1964.
When the last of his nine lives ran out he became the only animal to be given an obituary in the Wisden almanac.
It described him as a well-known cricket-watcher who could often be seen prowling on the field of play; that he loved publicity and frequently appeared on the television.
Image copyright Wisden
Theatre cats
Image copyright Avesun
Many theatres in England had their very own cat, who played the dual role of keeping the building mouse-free and providing a calming back to stroke should stage fright kick in. Actress and cat-fan Beryl Reid (who left her £1m house to her cats when she died) said: "The act of stroking a cat is a great reliever of tension and brings down the blood pressure."
Reid also took home the Lyric Theatre's cat, Fleur, when the mouser retired.
One of the most famous theatre cats was Beerbohm, who lived at London's Gielgud Theatre (formerly the Globe) for 20 years. He was known for strolling across the stage while a production was under way, and made his debut in the Hinge and Bracket Review of 1976, stealing the limelight. He was also responsible for destroying feathered hats - and stuffed birds that were being used as props. He eventually retired to Beckenham with the theatre's master carpenter Tony Ramsay.
When he died in 1995, he became the only cat to be honoured with a front-page obituary in the theatre newspaper The Stage, which says the actors Paul Eddington and Penelope Keith were special fans. A further extract reads: "During the course of his career, he overcame a near-fatal road accident in Soho and beat off a chocolate addiction."
Image copyright The Stage
Girl Cat and Boy Cat were resident at the Noel Coward Theatre (formerly the Albery). Boy Cat's claim to fame was that during a Royal Gala performance he ate Princess Margaret's bouquet.
Current theatre cats include Pluto at Battersea Arts Centre who actually appeared in a production - he was the black cat in Edgar Allen Poe's The Masque of the Red Death - Marley and the one-eyed Pirate, who is currently missing from the Bush Theatre.
Literary cats
Image caption Hodge is portrayed sitting next to a pair of empty oyster shells on top of Johnson's famous dictionary
Dictionary-writer Samuel Johnson had a cat called Hodge, for whom he used to buy oysters. Hodge is mentioned in Boswell's Life of Johnson, where he is described as "a very fine cat indeed".
On his death, Hodge's life was celebrated in An Elegy on The Death of Dr Johnson's Favourite Cat by Percival Stockdale, published in 1778. In 1997 Hodge was immortalised in the form of a bronze statue outside the house in Gough Square he shared with Johnson.
Another cat that appeared in literature was Foss, Edward Lear's pet puss, who popped up rhymes and drawings. Servants had shortened Foss's tail in the belief it would keep him from wandering off, and he was on the rotund side and not considered an attractive cat. But Lear was very fond of him - to the extent that, legend has it, when Lear built a new house he instructed the architect to design it to be exactly like the old one so Foss would not be too disorientated by the move. The tabby features in the rhyme How Pleasant to Know Mr Lear.
He has many friends, lay men and clerical,
Old Foss is the name of his cat;
His body is perfectly spherical,
He weareth a runcible hat.
Mention should also be made of the second-most famous cat in Alice's Adventures in Wonderland - Dinah. Dinah was the real-life Alice's real-life cat.
Image copyright Edward Lear/British Library Image caption Foss and Edward Lear
Academic cats
Image copyright Marshall Library of Economics Image caption Jasper catches up on the latest financial news
Three-legged Jasper helps students at Cambridge University to relieve stress during the exam season.
The ginger tom officially belongs to the deputy librarian at the Marshall Library of Economics, and "tea with Jasper" events have proved popular with those wanting a break from swotting. Jasper can often be found snoozing on top of copies of the Financial Times.
At the University of Essex, Pebbles is the official campus cat on hand (paw) to greet students. He even has his own NUS card, complete with photographic ID, which entitles him to discounted entry to Colchester's clubs.
Image copyright Essex Campus Cat Image caption Pebbles is ready for a new term
Political cats
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Palmerston strides past No 10
Larry and Palmerston - official Chief Mousers at the Cabinet Office and Foreign Office respectively - may be the modern (furry) faces of government, but cats have been employed to rid the corridors of power of rats and mice since at least the 1800s.
Although many were in place in an unofficial capacity, "paid" merely with titbits and the innards of the the rodents they caught, records at the National Archives show that at least some received an allowance.
In 1929, Peter, a black cat at the Home Office, had 1d per day dedicated to his upkeep.
He was in position for 17 years and was followed by Peter II, who died young after being hit by a car, and then Peter III.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Larry the cat is hoping Theresa May's leopard-print kitten heels are not made of a real pelt
In 1964, breaking the glass ceiling, if not the monotony of naming, came Peta, a female Manx. Peta had been offered to the home secretary by the Lieutenant Governor of the Isle of Man and was handed over with great ceremony.
Because of this, she was considered to have a diplomatic background and was paid as such - with a salary of £13 per annum.
Image copyright National Archives Image caption Peta was considered to have a diplomatic background and could not be sacked, to the disappointment of staff
When staff complained she was lazy and not housetrained and suggested she might be "put out to grass", a memo was issued ordering she must remain as her appointment had been so public that letting her go could result in adverse publicity.
Other notable political felines include Winston Churchill's cat Jock. When Churchill's home was given to the nation it was requested that there should always be a similar cat in residence. Jock VI is the current cat-in-residence at Chartwell.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Jock VI couldn't resist licking at Churchill's bust
Church cats
Image copyright Christopher Jones
In 1936 a tabby arrived at St Augustine's and St Faith's Church on Watling Street in the City of London, close to St Paul's Cathedral. The rector's wife found her a box to sleep in and some food, and the cat was allowed to stay. They named her Faith, after one of the church's saints.
In 1940, she gave birth to a kitten called Panda and shortly after, on Monday 9 September, the church was bombed. Faith found a recess and protected Panda throughout the raids - and remarkably, both survived.
Afterwards, the rector put a photograph and some text on the wall, paying tribute to the "bravest cat in the world" who "stayed calm and steadfast and waited for help" while the church collapsed and burned around her.
Image copyright PA Image caption Doorkins Magnificat during a royal visit to Southwark Cathedral
Still keeping the pews warm in the capital is Doorkins Magnificat, the cat-in-residence at Southwark Cathedral. In the spirit of the old nursery rhyme she is a "pussycat pussycat who met the Queen" when Her Majesty visited the cathedral in 2013.
Doorkins is famous enough to have a book published about her, which gives a complete tour of the cathedral and a typical week in the life of the Magnificat.
Image caption Pushkin looks delighted with his papal blessing
Pushkin of the Birmingham Oratory has hobnobbed with the head of the other Church - in September 2010, Pope Benedict XVI visited on his state visit to the UK for the beatification of Cardinal John Henry Newman, who founded the church in the 19th Century.
The Pope emerged from a lift and was greeted by Pushkin, who received a special papal blessing.
Wells Cathedral in Somerset has a resident ginger cat, Louis, who can often be found sleeping against the radiators in the cathedral, or on a special chair in the Sugar Chantry.
And St Leonard's Church in Shoreditch is where Schrödinger, a former stray, either does or does not live.
Image copyright St Leonard's Church Image caption Schrödinger sits on the steps of St Leonard's in Shoreditch
Station cats
Image caption Felix the Huddersfield station cat
Huddersfield railway station cat Felix has frequently featured in the media, has had a book written about her and also has her own line of merchandise - but she's not the only station cat worth mentioning.
Snowy at Harringay, Hector at Redruth in Cornwall, Jess at Andover in Hampshire, Paul at South Parkway in Liverpool and Stan at Charlbury in Oxfordshire are just a few more of the pusses on platform patrol.
Image copyright Harringay Station Image caption Snowy keeps an eye on passengers at Harringay
Not only do they keep rats and mice away, but passengers are keen to be greeted by their friendly fluffy faces - and some people travel specially to see them.
Over in Japan, a female cat called Tama was credited with vastly increasing the number of passengers going through Kishi station in Kinokawaby - contributing an estimated 1.1 billion yen (£5.7m) to the local economy.
When she died, she was elevated to the status of goddess.
It was an apt reward - but no more than many a cat believes it deserves.
Rapper Drake has dedicated a second tattoo to his favourite singer Sade.
The Hotline Bling hitmaker has had a new image of Sade inked into his rib cage, right next to his first tattoo of the soul icon.
A photo of the portrait, initially created by artist Niki Norberg, was shared via Instagram by Belgian tattoo artist Inal Bersekov on Monday.
“More life -- More tattoos,” Bersekov captioned the snap of the new ink, giving a shout out to the hip-hop star's More Life album. “Was honored to continue this piece based on @sade started by an amazing artist @niki23gtr (Norberg) on @champagnepapi (Drake) Excited to continue.”
Back in March, Drake took to Instagram to post a photo of himself posing with Sade and his mother backstage at one of his concerts in London.
“Two very important ladies in my life,” the Grammy winner captioned the picture.
Days later, Norberg uploaded an image of the 30-year-old's first tattoo of the No Ordinary Love vocalist, along with the handwritten words, “with love Sade x”.
Drake has an array of tattoos that include portraits of the late R&B star Aaliyah, his mother, uncle, and grandmother.
AUSTIN, Texas - April 23, 2018 - Mercom Capital Group, llc, a global clean energy communications and consulting firm, released its report on funding and mergers and acquisitions (M&A) activity for the Battery Storage, Smart Grid, and Energy Efficiency sectors for the first quarter of 2018.
More Headlines Articles
To get a copy of the report, visit: http://bit.ly/MercomSGQ12018Battery StorageCorporate funding in Battery Storage came to $299 million in 12 deals compared to $154 million in six deals in Q4 2017. In a year-over-year (YoY) comparison, $80 million was raised in 10 deals in Q1 2017.Venture capital (VC) funding (including private equity and corporate venture capital) raised by Battery Storage companies in Q1 2018 jumped to $299 million in 12 deals from $151 million in five deals in Q4 2017 due to some large deals in the quarter. Year-over-year, funding was significantly higher compared to the $58 million raised in eight deals in Q1 2017.The top five VC funded Battery Storage companies this quarter were: Stem, which raised $80 million from Activate Capital; Ionic Materials secured $65 million from Dyson, Samsung, A123, Hitachi, Renualt, Nissan, and Mitsubishi; Durapower secured an investment of $40.18 million from Banpu Infinergy Company and K-IX Ace; Battery Energy Storage Solutions (BESS) received ~$38.5 million in funding from Santander Corporate & Commercial; and $34 million was raised by Solid Energy.[Image] Battery Storage, Smart Grid and Efficiency Top 5 VC Funded Deals in Q1 2018Fifteen investors participated in Battery Storage funding this quarter with Energy Storage Systems companies raising the most.There were four M&A transactions involving Battery Storage companies in Q1 2018 and the financial details of the transactions were not disclosed. In Q4 2017 and Q1 2017, there was one M&A transaction each that did not disclose a transaction amount.Smart GridCorporate funding in Smart Grid came to $1.3 billion in nine deals compared to $796 million in 12 deals in Q4 2017. In a YoY comparison, $164 million was raised in 14 deals in Q1 2017.VC funding for Smart Grid companies increased 79 percent in Q1 2018 with $75 million in seven deals compared to $42 million in nine deals in Q4 2017. In a YoY comparison, in Q1 2017 $164 million was raised in 14 deals.The top VC funded Smart Grid companies included: Bidgely, which secured $27 million from Georgian Partners, Khosla Ventures, E.ON, innogy, and Constellation Technology Ventures; Husk Power Systems received an equity investment of $20 million from Shell Technology Ventures, Swedfund International, and ENGIE Rassembleurs d'Energies; and Mnubo raised $16.5 million from HSB Group.[Image] Smart Grid Top VC Funded Deals 2018Fifteen investors participated in Smart Grid VC funding rounds this quarter with SG Communications companies raising the most. A combined $1.3 billion was raised in two debt financing deals in Q1 2018, compared to $754 million raised in three deals in Q4 2017.One M&A transaction was announced in Q1 2018 and it did not disclose a transaction amount, compared to eight transactions (two disclosed) in Q4 2017. In a YoY comparison, there were seven M&A transactions in Q1 2017.EfficiencyCorporate funding in Energy Efficiency came to $104 million in five deals compared to $916 million in 14 deals in Q4 2017. In a YoY comparison, $514 million was raised in 17 deals in Q1 2017.VC funding raised by Energy Efficiency companies in Q1 2018 remained steady at $98 million in four deals compared to $95 million in 10 deals in Q4 2017. In a YoY comparison, $213 million was raised in 14 deals in Q1 2017.The Top Efficiency deals included: $61 million raised by ecobee from Energy Impact Partners and eight institutional investors including Thomvest, Relay Ventures, and the Amazon Alexa Fund; the $27 million raised by Carbon Lighthouse from GRC SinoGreen Fund, JCI Ventures, SV Tech Ventures, EBay founder Pierre Omidyar's Ulupono Initiative, Ekistic Ventures, Tom Steyer's Radicle Impact Partners, former General Motors Vice Chairman Steve Girsky, and Tesla Chief Technology Officer Jeffrey B. Straubel; and the $10 million received by Petros PACE Finance from former Major League Baseball player Alex Rodriguez and his investment firm A-ROD.'[Image] Efficiency Top VC Funded Deals in Q1 2018Fifteen investors participated in VC funding this quarter. Within the sector, Temperature Control companies brought in the most funding. Debt and public market financing for Efficiency companies fell to $6 million in one deal this quarter compared to $621 million in three deals in Q4 2017.In Q1 2018, there was one M&A transaction (transaction details not disclosed) while in Q4 2017, there were three M&A transactions (all undisclosed). In Q1 2017, there were four M&A transactions in the Energy Efficiency sector, two of which disclosed transaction details.To get a copy of the report, visit: http://bit.ly/MercomSGQ12018About Mercom Capital GroupMercom Capital Group, llc, is a global communications and research and consulting firm focused on cleantech. Mercom delivers market intelligence and funding and M&A reports covering Battery Storage, Smart Grid and Energy Efficiency, and Solar, and advises companies on new market entry, custom market intelligence and strategic decision-making. Mercom's communications division helps companies and financial institutions build powerful relationships with media, analysts, local communities, and strategic partners. About Mercom: http://www.mercomcapital.com. Mercom's clean energy reports: http://store.mercom.mercomcapital.com/page/.
A WIN is a win is a win. That's the best any of the newspaper correspondents could say about the 1993 semi-final of rugby's Carling Munster Senior Cup between Young Munster of Limerick and Dolphin of Cork.
It was a dour and frustrating match for spectators and, from Dolphin's point of view, best forgotten entirely.
However, a series of magnificent photographs from that day in Thomond Park have recently been discovered in our archive, most of them never before published, and we bring them to you, hoping they evoke happy memories for our readers of a runaway victory for Young Munster.
The final score was 15-0.
The Limerick Leader's Cormac Liddy was on the spot and delivered a succinct and measured analysis of the game. While reporting on the lacklustre nature of the proceedings, he pointed out some of the strengths and weaknesses of the Young Munster performance.
Individual Young Munster performances fell in for considerable praise.
John Fitzgerald had a marvellous game, according to our former sports editor, as did Peter Clohessy, Mark Fitzgerald and Declan Edwards. Noel O'Meara, Derek Tobin and Ger McNamara were also highly praised.
Aidan O'Halloran, however, was deemed the hero of the day, kicking all 15 of Munsters' points: three penalties in the first half, one in the second and a last-minute drop goal to complete Dolphin's misery. This semi-final was Munsters' fourth match in the series and, most remarkably, O'Halloran had kicked all of the team's scores in all four matches.
This unusual statistic exposed an obvious weakness in Young Munster's game which caused the Leader's other reporter, Martin Byrnes, justifiable disquiet.
“When last,” he wondered, “did team progress to the final of the Munster Senior Challenge Cup without scoring any try?”
On the other hand, as Charlie Mulqueen of the Cork Examiner pointed out, there had only been one try scored against them during the same period.
Cormac Liddy also pointed to another weakness, problems with their line-out, although Dolphin were no better on the day.
The three most famous names on the Dolphin team at the time were Declan Kidney, (future Munster and Irish coach) and Irish internationals, Terry Kingston and Michael Kiernan, the latter who didn't start due to injury.
Neither of the other two distinguished players had a good day against Munsters and Kidney, in particular, had an absolute shocker. He was replacing Kiernan, Dolphin's usual place kicker, and missed no less than four easy penalties. Unsurprisingly, he was switched with O'Shea in the second half but, alas for Dolphin, he fared no better.
The damage to Dolphin was done by the end of the first quarter and their morale had already packed up and gone home after O'Halloran's second penalty.
In his most colourful report, Martin Byrnes was scathing in this assessment of Dolphin's performance. His headline included the phrase “Dolphin beached” and he continued with his marine metaphor by declaring: “The only dolphin worth watching is to be found in Dingle Harbour – and is called Fungi.”
Munsters' captain, Ger Clohessy, said after the match that he found it impossible to raise the game of his team in the face of a very pedestrian effort by Dolphins and Charlie Mulqueen graciously agreed with Clohessy that the Limerick side was “in control from start to finish”.
Chris Cantillon, Dolphin's coach, said: “You have to play superbly to beat them” and admitted that Young Munster were “fully deserving of their win.”
This victory booked Young Munster their place in the final of the Munster Senior Cup against old rivals, Garryowen, who had beaten Cork Constitution 15-13 at Musgrave Park. Garryowen went on to win the final, 12-5, in a tremendous battle.
This disappointment aside, Young Munster had a great season. They won the All-Ireland League in 1993 and were also named Team of the Year.
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (WYTV) – A subsidiary of the Youngstown Vindicator donated the first building of the Youngstown Business Incubator in 1991. Monday, the incubator cut the ribbon on its fifth building — and once again The Vindicator was involved.
The Vindicator Publisher Betty Brown Jagnow and her son, General Manager Mark Brown, joined 125 others for the ribbon cutting. The building was formally The Vindicator's main offices.
“It's kind of an odd feeling,” Mark Brown said. “I mean it's nice to be back in the building, but it feels kind of strange since it's no longer ours. They've done a beautiful job with it. I think it looks terrific.”
The event was held in the room where the newspaper was once printed. The bay where the presses once stood were empty.
“Tonight is definitely the night to thank the community and our supporters,” Brown said.
Incubator CEO Barb Ewing says the building will house two types of 3D printing companies — those in the early stages that are looking to grow and…
“We also have space for very high-end pieces of additive manufacturing equipment for industrial purposes,” she said.
To help the high-end industrial companies, XJet Limited of Israel will locate its 3D manufacturing system here in January. It can produce metal or ceramic parts.
“The only limit will be the limit to their imagination — what they can do with this technology,” Avi Cohen of XJet said.
The building already has three tenants — Strangpresse, AST2, and Juggerbot, which are all 3D printing companies. The five-year plan is to have 350 jobs here paying an average of $52,000 per year. A Youngstown Business Incubator partnership with First Energy is coming soon to the front of the building.
“And we are proud to announce that YBI will be the home to the first charging stations for electric cars,” Ewing said. “We will have green spaces in front of the building — just as soon as we can get them installed in front of our new building.”
The Incubator did, in places, try to keep the character of the building, which was built in 1932.
An old Linotype printer sat in the room where the ribbon cutting was held. Some of the old wooden doors still hang, while the heavy metal doors — once at the main entrance — were replaced.
But the doors are saved and displayed in the main lobby.
William Christopher, who played Father Francis Mulcahy on the long-running TV series “M*A*S*H,” has died. He was 84.
Christopher's agent, Robert Malcom, said the actor died early Saturday at his home in Pasadena, California. He told The Associated Press that Christopher's wife, Barbara, said her husband died peacefully.
Malcom said Christopher was diagnosed with cancer more than a year ago and had been in hospice since the beginning of last week.
Christopher was best known as Army chaplain Mulcahy on “M*A*S*H,” the 1972-83 TV series set during the Korean War.
“Everyone adored him,” said fellow “M*A*S*H” actor Loretta Swit. “A great sense of humor and a great humanitarian. He became TV's quintessential padre as Father Mulcahy on M*A*S*H. It was the most perfect casting ever known.”
He is survived by his wife and two sons.
Featured Photo Gallery | See ABOVE PICTURE CAPTIONS: (A.) A Taste of Amish recently opened a second location in McCaysville and held ...
PLEASE LOG IN FOR PREMIUM CONTENT Our website requires visitors to log in to view the best local news. Not yet a subscriber? Subscribe today
Share Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
I've been sharing details of our Web site redesign and Internet infrastructure transition throughout, but if you'd like to hear the informal in-person version of why we went down this path, why it took so long, and more, listen in to my guest appearance on The Committed podcast with Kirk McElhearn, Rob Griffiths, and Ian Schray.
Read original article
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away Pause
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
1:33 First Baby of 2017
2:00 PRP and stem cell therapy gains popularity in Charlotte
2:14 Time-lapse of post-Hurricane Matthew tour on Parris Island
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
4:07 Steve Crump confronts man who called him the N-word
1:23 Curry Laksa at Co Charlotte
Comcast offers $31 billion to buy Europe's pay-TV giant Sky Comcast on Tuesday made an unsolicited bid to buy Sky, the UK satellite TV provider, for $31 billion — potentially upsetting a bid from Fox to buy the 61 percent...
Fox News is launching a Netflix-like subscription service Fox News said it will launch a subscription-based streaming service that offers around-the-clock news and opinions later this year. The Netflix-like news hub, which will be called “Fox Nation,” will...
Fox nearly doubled profits thanks to tax bill, cable division Twenty-First Century Fox reported on Wednesday that profit more than doubled in the three months that ended Dec. 31 — thanks to a hefty tax gain and strength in its...
Fox, in $3.3B mega-deal, grabs NFL's 'Thursday Night Football' The National Football League on Wednesday inked a monster TV rights deal that will move “Thursday Night Football” to Fox. “TNF” will move to Fox beginning with the 2018 season,...
Looks like 'Thursday Night Football' will have a new home in 2018 Executives at Fox Sports believe they are close to winning the rights to show the National Football League's “Thursday Night Football” for at least the next season, a deal that...
21st Century Fox close to buying Sinclair TV stations Twenty-First Century Fox is looking to finalize a deal to buy about 10 television stations from Sinclair Broadcast Group, the Financial Times reported on Wednesday. Sinclair is selling the channels...
Thousands of Disney workers could be laid off upon merger For Disney employees, the forecast on Friday was for pain. Lots of it. The expected synergies to come from Disney's $52.4 billion purchase of most of Twenty-First Century Fox's assets...
Future of iconic studio in doubt after massive deal with Disney The iconic Fox searchlights could soon be shut off for good. On Thursday, 21st Century Fox was purchased by Disney for $52.4 billion. One of the six major Hollywood studios...
Why it matters to you New atomic clock will help answer some fundamental questions about quantum physics. And maybe stop us being late for meetings, too!
Think your internet-connected smartwatch or expensive Rolex is the best way of keeping time? An international team of physicists wants to challenge that assertion, courtesy of their new atomic clock — which is capable of measuring time down to a couple quadrillionths of a second.
Atomic clocks have been around since 1948, but the new design puts a fresh spin on the technology. It packs strontium atoms — used for carrying out the time measurement — into a tiny three-dimensional cube at 1,000 times the density of previous one-dimensional atomic clocks. Doing so allows the researchers to then use ultra-stable lasers to harness the behavior of so-called ‘quantum gas' to create a practical measurement device. The result is, in essence, the most steady metronome ever built, with a tick rates six times more precise than the now hopelessly imprecise former record holder.
“Our measurement precision and accuracy should be limited only by the fundamental laws of nature, quantum mechanics,” physicist Jun Ye, from the National Institute of Standards and Technology, told Digital Trends. “Atoms involved in this generation of atomic clocks are prepared in fully controlled quantum mechanical states, including both internal and external degrees of freedom. The more atoms we use, the clearer the clock signal that enable a more precise measurement.”
The big difference between this and previous work in the area is the arrangement of the strontium atoms. Prior optical lattices were liable to lose rhythm because of the looser formation of the atoms. In the new clock, these atoms are kept much closer together in a tight grid-like structure, similar to how you might see egg cartons stacked up in a grocery store. This more rigid configuration means they can't bump against one another.
So what is such an accurate clock going to be used for? “Explore the frontiers of measurement science and quantum physics, and see where they can lead us,” Ye said. “You can say that this is more on the fundamental research front, exploring our intellectual curiosity.”
Ultimately, he says, the goal is to solve unanswered conundrums, such as the exact connection between quantum physics and gravity, as well as aiding in the search for things like dark matter. “Along with the scientific quest, we [will also] continue to develop new technologies such as quantum-based sensors that can have a wide range of applications in society,” Ye continued. “A more precise and accurate atomic clock will be part of the foundation of physical units and standards that modern societies rely on. They will play important roles in advanced communications and future space missions.”
A paper describing the work was recently published in the journal Science.
DAYTON, Ohio (WDTN) – The Dayton Police Department said an oil slick was found on a Dayton bridge Monday evening and called a hazmat crew to the scene.
Police received the call around 6:11 p.m. and crews started to look around on the Stewart Street Bridge in Dayton.
Crews are still out on the bridge investigating this case.
Police and crews do not know where the oil came from or how this incident happened.
2 NEWS is following this story and will keep you updated with the latest information as it is available.
Best Dive Bars in Tampa Bay There are times when the heart cries out for something uncomplicated. You yearn for the smell of beer and fried cheese. You want sticky floors and wobbly bar stools. You need a dive bar. When that feeling strikes, look no further than this list. We present you with the Best Dive Bars in Tampa Bay.
5 Ways to Stay Healthy While Enjoying Your VacayMost of the time we spend months leading up to our vacay trying to get healthy then once we're on the vacay it all comes back. That does not have to be the case. Get some tips... because it *can* be done.
A librarian reads to a group of children in the "Reader in the Heights" program.
A summer literacy camp is helping to combat "summer slide," the tendency for kids to fall behind in their reading when school is out of session.
The United Way of San Diego County is hosting its second year of "Readers in the Heights," with their first library visit on Monday. The kids visited the City Heights Weingart Library on Fairmount Avenue.
Forty kids received their first library cards along with a tour of the facilities. They learned the difference between adult books and kid books and how to find them, as well as how to use the computers there. Then, some librarians read to the children.
"Reading opens up a world of possibility, and so you can find a book about something that you didn't even really know you loved or you can find out everything that you wanted to know about something that you really do love," said Michelle Predko, a spokeswoman for United Way.
United Way officials said every kid risks sliding backward in their education during summer vacation. But it's even harder for kids whose parents are working multiple jobs, and some families don't have books available for their kids to read at home.
In an effort to prevent summer slide, the camp is working with 260 students from kindergarten through fourth grade. More than 200 volunteers are helping the students out, said United Way officials.
"They're opening up a world of discovery, and that's really what this program is about," added Predko.
At the camp, children read to the volunteers, who work individually and in small groups. According to United Way, the kids are encouraged to ask questions to develop critical thinking skills and play word games to build their vocabularies.
Most of the children live in City Heights, the area with the highest concentration of youth in San Diego County. United Way officials said that also means they have the highest number of vulnerable youth in the region.
"We want to make sure that kids know they have access to all kinds of books and computers and everything that the library has to offer," said Predko.
This Friday the children will graduate the program at the City Heights Community Development Corporation's Metro Villas on 39th Street.
There will be 50 kids receiving their diplomas at the graduation ceremony, and a total of 260 students are graduating from the program that day.
Next Monday, there will be a family celebration party with 300 diverse families and students from City Heights commemorating the end of summer camp. There will also be a musical performance from the kids.
At the celebration, Laurie Coskey, Ed.D, president and CEO of United Way, will announce the students' final reading scores after the program.
ATLANTA — Welcome to bizarro world for the Mets.
Now it's the suddenly productive lineup bailing out a slumping starting rotation. You know, the same lineup that couldn't score runs with Yoenis Cespedes playing, but has improved with the All-Star outfielder on the disabled list.
Somehow it all makes perfect sense for a team that was expected to compete for first place, but began Wednesday in last. That was before the Mets beat the Braves 16-5 at SunTrust Park for a second victory in three games and moved ahead of Atlanta in the standings.
The beauty of this one for the Mets (12-15) was they received contributions from the entire lineup and didn't even hit a home run in scoring at least five runs for a seventh straight game. Jose Reyes led the rampage with a 2-for-4 performance in which he matched a career high with five RBIs, on a night the Mets hammered out 20 hits — nine of which were doubles.
“We were hitting with men in scoring position, so that is what you want,” Reyes said. “Hopefully we can continue to play like this. Not that we are going to score 16 runs every game, but if you get a key hit with two outs and runners in scoring position, that is huge.”
The starting pitching is another matter.
Handed a six-run lead in the fifth, Jacob deGrom staggered through his final inning to barely qualify for the victory. The right-hander allowed five earned runs on eight hits and five walks, marking a return of the control problems that surfaced two starts earlier against the Nationals. In that start he walked six over 5 ²/₃ innings.
“I feel good early on, but I don't know what's happening later in the game,” deGrom said. “I don't know if I am trying to do too much out there and for some reason lose control, and it's not a very good effort for me tonight.”
At least deGrom contributed at the plate with a 2-for-3 performance that included two RBIs.
“I guess I have to do something good when I go out there and stink on the mound,” deGrom said.
So in succession the Mets have watched Noah Syndergaard — before he tore his right lat and hit the DL — Robert Gsellman, Matt Harvey and deGrom struggle. Overall, the Mets entered play with a 4.56 ERA among starting pitchers, which ranked 24th in the major leagues.
Josh Edgin, Addison Reed, Fernando Salas and Josh Smoker each pitched a scoreless inning after Jace Peterson's two-run double against deGrom (2-1) in the fifth had sliced the Mets' lead to 9-5.
The Mets seized control with four runs in the fifth, with Curtis Granderson's second double of the night serving as the key hit. But Rene Rivera and deGrom each delivered a run-scoring single after Reyes' sacrifice fly.
“We have a good offensive team,” manager Terry Collins said. “And you knew at some time we were going to start getting some hits.”
Reyes iced the game with a three-run double in the eighth. The Mets scored seven runs in the inning to ensure their highest scoring output of the season. Previously, the Mets had scored in 14 runs in a victory over the Phillies on April 11.
In his second start this season against his former teammates, Bartolo Colon lasted just four innings and allowed five earned runs on seven hits and two walks. It continued a slump for the 43-year-old Colon, who has surrendered at least four earned runs in each of his last three starts and is now sporting a 6.27 ERA in his six starts this season.
Colon relied heavily on his offspeed pitches, but the Mets weren't fooled.
“He threw more tonight than he did in a month for us, maybe the last three years,” Collins said. “We were all pretty surprised.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Punters enjoying an evening drink were left shocked after a drive-by ball-bearing attack which smashed a window and hit a man in the face.
Vandals targeted the Bladebone Bucklebury in Bladebone Court, Chapel Row, Bucklebury, at around 9pm on Thursday, December 7.
A ball bearing was fired at the pub from an unknown vehicle, smashing through a window and hitting a man in the face.
The man, who is in his 30s, was not injured but was left with a red mark on his face.
Police do not have a description of the vehicle or vandals and are calling for witnesses to come forward.
Investigating officer, PC Stephen Hinds, said: “I would like to speak to anyone who saw this incident, or the vehicle and offenders involved, or anyone who has any information which could assist our investigation.
"If you have any details, please come forward.
“A man was struck by the ball bearing in the face during the incident.
"Thankfully he was not seriously injured however the consequences could have been much more serious.”
Anyone with information on the incident is asked to call PC Hinds on 101, quoting reference 43170365547, or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) — The FBI has not released details of the motive behind Wednesday's shooting at Virginia baseball field, but the dean of the college of applied behavioral health sciences at the University of Indianapolis says it points to large issues – mental health and a growing trend in this country towards political polarization.
Now more than ever – Anita Thomas says – people are retreating to their prospective ideological corners both in social settings and online.
Thomas says Wednesday's shooting which involved a gunman opening fire on a group of Congressional Republicans practicing for a charity baseball game, points to an extreme example of the polarization.
“I think we can certainly come to a couple of conclusions. I think that as a nation we've become way more polarized politically than we have in the past,” Thomas said. “One of the byproducts that we are starting to see more research on is that people are starting to experience higher stress levels than they had in the past. So one of the things we are seeing is that when people are taking sides on their values, their beliefs, their desires for change in the country that we are becoming more and more polarized.
“So what you are seeing is people becoming more extreme in their positions,” Thomas said.
The suspected gunman, James T. Hodgkinson of Belleville, Ill. was shot and killed in an exchange of gunfire with Capitol Police, Alexandria Police and other local agencies, the FBI reported.
Among those injured in the shooting were House Majority Whip Steve Scalise of Louisiana, a Congressional staffer, a lobbyist, a Capitol Police officer and the gunman. Two others sustained “secondary injuries” the FBI said.
Hodgkinson's Facebook posts included some anti-GOP sentiments including a recent post from this spring that mentioned the need to “destroy Trump and company.”
The FBI says the gunman may have been in the Alexandria, Va. area since March living out of his car. Anyone with interactions with him is urged to call authorities.
The victim Maitham Alfuraiji (L) and defendant Salvador Sanchez were friends.
Jurors are deliberating in the guilt phase of the so-called SnapChat killing.
In April 2017, when an Escondido teenager was killed, the sound of his cries was posted on SnapChat by a close friend.
That friend is now on trial for murder.
Salvador Alejandro Sanchez, 19, has pleaded not guilty by reason of insanity in the stabbing death of Maithem Alfuraiji.
The trial has been split into two parts: the guilt phase and the sanity phase.
First, the jury will decide if Sanchez is guilty of murder. If the jury decides that is the case, the group will then have to decide on the sanity issue.
Alfuraiji, 20, was last seen on April 27, 2017. He was on his way to meet a friend but never showed up. Three days later, his body was found in Valley Center.
Sanchez was soon arrested in connection with the slaying.
Escondido police said Sanchez got into a fight with Alfuraiji while they were drinking alcohol, which resulted in Alfuraiji's death.
In court earlier this year, the evidence presented by prosecutors included audio and images posted by Sanchez to SnapChat, white clothes found covered in the victim's blood, a statement from a friend who helped transport Alfuraiji's body and the defendant's alleged confession to police.
According to Alexander Gendron, a friend of both Sanchez and Alfuraiji, Sanchez posted on Snapchat that he "did it."
If convicted, Sanchez faces 25 years to life in prison.
Netflix expects to pass a milestone this weekend when it signs up its 100 millionth subscriber, the company said on Monday. But its users have already accomplished something even more incredible — they have watched 500 million hours worth of Adam Sandler movies.
About 98 million people are currently members of Netflix. What do those people do? Statistically speaking, it's very likely that one thing they do is watch Adam Sandler.
Since the release of Sandler's The Ridiculous 6 in 2015 — the first of an exclusive four-movie deal the star signed with Netflix — the company's subscribers have watched a collective half a billion hours of Adam Sandler, Netflix CEO Reed Hastings said in an investor letter on Monday.
The 50-year-old actor has appeared in more than 50 films and is popular for his low-brow comedy, which a New York Times critic said "will make your children stupid."
But people love it. After The Ridiculous 6 was launched on Netflix, it was viewed more in its first 30 days than any other film on the service. Last month, Netlix said Sandler had signed up to do another four films, meaning he will make eight Netflix exclusives in total.
Sandler's recent movies may be garbage — The Ridiculous 6 has a 0% rating on Rotten Tomatoes and Variety said the film is "so lazy and aimless, it barely qualifies as parody" — but people watch them at an industrial scale.
So how much Adam Sandler is 500 million hours the equivalent of?
DENVER (AP) — Lawyers will be making closing arguments Monday in a trial concerning allegations that a former radio host groped Taylor Swift during a photo op before a concert in Denver, and as to whether the singer's mother and her radio liaison later set out to destroy his career.
U.S. District Judge William Martinez determined Friday that the pop star could not be held liable because David Mueller failed to prove that she personally set out to have him fired after the 2013 photo op. But jurors will consider his identical allegations against Andrea Swift and Frank Bell.
Mueller sued Swift after her team reported the alleged assault to his bosses at a country music station. He is seeking up to $3 million, saying the allegation cost him his job and reputation.
Swift countersued and is seeking a symbolic $1. She says she wants to serve as an example to other women who have been assaulted.
Here's a look at the key elements in the he-said, she-said trial that began Tuesday in federal court in Denver.
___
THE PHOTOGRAPH
Swift's lawyers called the image “damning” proof that Mueller inappropriately touched her. Mueller argues it shows him trying to jump into the frame.
Entertainment news outlet TMZ obtained and published the photo, which has been sealed by the court.
Swift's business manager, Jesse Schaudies Jr., said her side did not want the picture in the news.
“We did not want copycats and one-uppers abounding. And that happens in our world,” he testified last year. “These people all tend to escalate. I've watched what happens with these files and individuals.”
___
THE ENCOUNTER
Swift took the stand for about an hour Thursday, testifying that Mueller grabbed her bare backside and held on for a long time during the meet-and-greet. She used explicit language that seemed designed to avoid sugar-coating what she described as a sexual assault when she posed for the photo.
“He stayed attached to my bare ass-cheek as I lurched away from him,” she said. “It was a definite grab. A very long grab.”
___
OTHER KEY WITNESSES
— Andrea Swift, the singer's mother, was involved in the decision to contact Mueller's boss and not call the police.
— Frank Bell, a member of the singer's team, contacted Mueller's bosses at the station KYGO. Bell and Andrea Swift are also defendants in Mueller's lawsuit.
— Shannon Melcher, Mueller's girlfriend at the time, was standing on the other side of Swift when the photo was taken. She testified that she saw nothing happen during the brief encounter and that she and Mueller were rudely confronted and escorted out of the arena that evening. Melcher said Mueller was devastated by the accusation.
— Greg Dent, Swift's bodyguard, was standing a few feet away during the photo op. He testified Friday that Mueller groped Swift under her skirt a moment before a staff photographer took a photo of the singer. But he did not take any immediate action because he generally took his cues from Swift and she gave him none.
Miami Dolphins cornerback Xavien Howard (25) defends against the New England Patriots wide receiver Julian Edelman (11) on an incomplete pass in the second quarter as the New England Patriots host the Miami Dolphins at Gillette Stadium on Sunday, September 18, 2016. AL DIAZ adiaz@miamiherald.com
A Texas teen is accused of conspiring with his girlfriend to pay someone to kill his parents in order to collect an inheritance and life insurance money, police say. Their alleged murder-for-hire plot, which led to the death of the teen's father, was uncovered by investigators who examined months of text messages and talked to informants who had spoken to the suspects about their plans, including a woman who was asked if she would partake in “illegal activities,” for cash, “anything from strippers to murder,” police say.
Nicolas Shaughnessy and Jaclyn Edison, both 19 and both College Station residents, were arrested May 29, nearly three months after Shaughnessy's jeweler father, Theodore “Ted” Shaughnessy, was shot dead in his Travis County home near Austin. Nicolas' mother, Corey Shaughnessy, was shot at during the March 2 incident, but returned fire and then called 911 and hid in a closet until police arrived, the Travis County Sheriff's Office says. One of the family's beloved Rottweilers, Bart, was also fatally shot.
Shaughnessy and Edison were both arrested on warrants charging them with criminal solicitation of first-degree murder, a charge that carries a sentence of up to 99 years in prison if convicted. The gunman or gunmen have not been arrested, but police say they are following leads. “Detectives are following a series of new leads in the case and will identify and apprehend them as quickly as possible,” the sheriff's office said.
Ted Shaughnessy, Nicolas' father, was 55 and had recently celebrated his 30th wedding anniversary. He had owned Gallerie Jewelers in Austin since 1999 and his wife, Corey, is an artist and worked as certified gemologist appraiser at the store. His obituary stated, “Ted was a proud father to his son, Nicolas.”
Here's what you need to know about Jaclyn Edison and Nicholas “Nick” Shaughnessy:
1. Nicolas Shaughnessy, Who Police Say Remotely Turned Off the Alarm System at His Parent's House the Night of the Murder, Is Being Held on $3 Million Bail & Edison's Bail Was Set at $1 Million
Nicolas Patrick Shaughnessy and Jaclyn Alexa Edison, both of College Station, Texas, were arrested May 29 by the Travis County Sheriff's Office on warrants charging them in connection to Theodore Shaughnessy's death, the TCSO said in a press release. Online records show they are both being held at the Travis County Jail. Shaughnessy is being held on $3 million bail and Edison on $1 million bail. It is not clear when they are scheduled to appear in court next.
“Shaughnessy and Edison are alleged to have conspired together and hired someone to murder Shaughnessy's parents, Theodore and Corey Shaughnessy,” Travis County public information officer Kristen Dark said in a statement. “At 4:45 am on Friday, March 2, 2018, Corey Shaughnessy called 911 and reported that an intruder had entered her home in the 9000 block of Oliver Dr. and that multiple shots had been fired. When deputies arrived on scene they discovered the body of Theodore Shaughnessy with multiple gunshot wounds.”
Corey Shaughnessy told police she and her husband woke up to the sound of their dogs barking about 4 a.m., according to court records. Ted Shaughnessy grabbed his handgun and went to check to see what was happening. Corey said she heard several gunshots and then got out of bed and grabbed another gun. She said someone began firing at her and she returned fire until she ran out of ammunition. She was not hit and hid in a closet, calling 911. Police responded and found Corey's husband dead. The suspect or suspects had fled.
According to the affidavit filed in the case against Nick Shaughnessy and Edison, the younger Shaughnessy remotely logged into his parents' security system and deactivated the alarms on the night of the home invasion. Investigators obtained records from ADT, which showed Nick's College Station IP address logged into the system three times the night of the murder. Police said only Nick and his parents had access to the system. It was accessed after his father's death at a point when his mother did not have access to her cell phone, police said. Surveillance video from the time of the break-in was deleted from the system, police said.
Police also say he left a window in his bedroom open and told the killer or killers to enter through the window. Investigators said Nick often entered the house through the window and had told friends to do so in the past.
According to court documents, police searched the College Station apartment where Nick Shaughnessy and Edison lived. They found a box of Sig .380 caliber bullets, the same brand and caliber found at the shooting scene. Police said six bullets were missing from the box.
Police said they also found a chat log between Edison and Shaughnessy from February 23 and 24 discussing a $50,000 payment for a “job.”
2. Investigators Learned Shaughnessy Asked Several People if They Would Kill Someone for Money & Told Them He Would Get $2 Million in Life Insurance & Another $8 Million by Selling His Parent's Home
Police say they pieced together the young couple's murder-for-hire plot through examinations of months worth of text messages sent by Shaughnessy and through interviews with friends and others who had talked to Shaughnessy and Edison. Police say Shaughnessy had spent weeks, even months, asking people if they wanted to commit murder for money.
Nick Shaughnessy told multiple people he would receive $1 million per parent upon their death through life insurance, a figure police confirmed, the Austin American-Statesman reports. He also told someone he would receive at least $8 million by also selling his parents' home and business.
A woman who worked in the apartment complex in College Station where Shaughnessy and Edison lived together told police that two weeks before the incident, Shaughnessy asked her if she wanted to make money through “illegal activities,” and then told her “anything from strippers to murders.” Shaughnessy told her in a text message he would pay “$20,000 a head,” with an extra $15,000 incentive, and followed that up with two skeleton emojis, she told police. She said she then stopped responding to him.
Search warrants for Patterson's cell phone and iPad turned up a conversation between Nicolas and Spencer on January 30. Nicolas asked if Patterson wanted to make $20,000. He later added the total would be $50,000, with “20 for each and 10 extra because 50 is a nice whole number.” On February 15, Shaughnessy told Patterson to look up how to start a Ponzi scheme. And on February 26, he told Patterson he would need help doing “cash drops,” which he explained meant dropping money off somewhere and leaving, police said.
Police also found an older exchange Shaughnessy had with his friend, Patterson, from August 2017, which they believe alluded to what happened the night his father was killed. Shaughnessy told Patterson he needed more cash and when asked if he had any suggestions, responded, “Plastic gloves Ski masks.” His friend said, “no no no.” Shaughnessy replied, “Fine fine. Just walk in shoot a family steal all their shit. … No mask needed cuz they'll be dead,” the affidavit states.
According to the affidavit, police interviewed a confidential informant on May 29 who said Nicolas Shaughnessy had asked him to kill his parents in exchange for money. The informant told police Shaughnessy offered to pay him $10,000 per month. The informant also said he had a conversation in a car about it with Shaughnessy and Edison.
The informant told investigators Shaughnessy talked about a plan for “financial gain,” but said if that didn't work out, there was “Plan B.” The informant said Edison had a “shocked” look on her face at the mention of “Plan B,” but Shaughnessy told her not to worry about it because the informant already knew what he was talking about. The informant told police he believed “Plan B” referred to Shaughnessy's plan to have his parents killed, based on previous conversations, according to court documents.
3. Jaclyn Edison, Who Is Originally From New Jersey & Recently Completed Her Freshman Year at Texas A&M University, Secretly Married Shaughnessy in 2017
Jaclyn Edison is a New Jersey native, according to her Facebook page. At some point she moved to Austin, Texas, where she graduated from Stephen F. Austin High School in 2017, according to the high school's newspaper.
Edison had previously attended Holmdel High School in New Jersey, where she played field hockey and was a cheerleader.
According to court documents, Edison and Shaughnessy secretly married in July 2017 and had been living together in College Station. Police found the marriage certificate at the apartment, which showed the officiant was Shaughnessy's friend, Spencer Patterson.
Edison is a student at Texas A&M University in College Station and recently completed her freshman year. An online directory shows she was a student during the spring semester. She is the oldest of three sisters. Edison had been posting on the Facebook page of her mother and other family members up until just days before her arrest.
According to KYTX-TV, Edison and Nick Shaughnessy arrived at the crime scene in a blue Audi registered to Edison after the murder, while investigators were still there. They said they had been in College Station. Police said Edison was calm while speaking with detectives, until she was told she would be tested for “gunshot residue,” the news station reports. She then began to sob.
It is not known if Edison has hired an attorney. Messages and calls placed to her mother were not immediately returned. Neighbors in College Station told KBTX-TV police had searched their apartment days after the March murder. “They were here for several hours. There was at least a dozen cop cars,” Caleb Miller told the news station.
The couple moved out of the apartment after the home invasion murder of Shaughnessy's father. Nick Shaughnessy was living with his mother in Travis County, his lawyer says. Social media posts appear to show that Edison had moved back with her own family.
4. Police Say Nicolas Shaughnessy Showed No Emotion at the Scene After Learning His Father Was Dead & Bragged to a Friend About Being ‘Demoted' From Person of Interest While Offering to Show Him Crime Scene Photos
After his father's death, Shaughnessy said he drove three hours from College Station to Travis County, according to court documents obtained by the Austin American-Statesman. When he arrived, police noted he did not show any emotion and did not express any concern for his mother, who had survived the incident, KXAN-TV reports . Photos taken by the local media on the day after the shooting show Shaughnessy being examined by forensic investigators and also show him walking with Jaclyn Edison along with detectives.
On March 3, two days after the shooting, Shaughnessy bragged to a friend that he had been “demoted” from being a “person of interest,” because investigators gave his phone back to him, police say. Shaughnessy also offered to show his friend photos of the crime scene, according to police.
A neighbor and close family friend, Brian Colfack, told CBS Austin, that Shaughnessy, “comes from a well-to-do family. He's been given pretty much everything he wants or wanted as a young man. I have no idea what happened in his life that caused him to turn so violent and cause him to turn away from all the things he had been brought up with.”
Caleb Miller, a neighbor of Shaughnessy and Edison in College Station, told KBTX-TV, “He was just a weird guy, a weird character. Really out of place with the college setting. He made sure to make a lot of points on his family's wealth and stuff like that which is weird. And just some of the things he would say kind of and so it's not really surprising at all.”
Shaughnessy was a participant in the YMCA's Texas Youth and Government program in 2017, according to a tweet from the Texas Y&G. “Nicolas Shaughnessy is running for lobbyist and he enjoys working here and how it gives him the freedom to allows bills be pass,” the January 2017 tweet said. He graduated from Austin High School.
5. Nick Shaughnessy, Who Took Over the Family's Jewelry Business in April, Has the Support of His Mother, Who He Was Living With Until His Arrest
Nick Shaughnessy still has the support of his family, including his mother, who police say he tried to have killed, the Austin American-Statesman reports.
“We have been working with the Shaughnessy family over the last several months as they mourn the loss of Ted,” his attorneys, Perry Minton and Rick Flores, said in a statement. “These allegations are not consistent in any way with the young man we have come to know. Nick has been living with his mother since this tragedy occurred. Ms. Shaughnessy stands firmly behind her son. We will review the evidence as it becomes available to us.”
An April 29 post on the Gallerie Jewelers Facebook page indicated Nick Shaughnessy recently took over the family business after his father's death. “We are happy to announce that Nicolas, Ted's son, will be carrying on his legacy here at Gallerie,” the post said. “Thank you to all of our wonderful customers for being so patient. We look forward to seeing you!” The store reopened May 1.
Ted Shaughnessy's obituary said, he “died doing exactly what everyone that knew him knew that he would do in a situation that threatened both his and his wife's lives. He saved the life of his wife, Corey, by giving her just a few critical seconds to fight back. Both he and one of their Rottweilers, the beloved “Bart” were shot to death during the invasion of the Shaughnessy home.”
The obituary added, he “loved his job and took great pleasure in helping folks find beautiful jewelry that represented special times in their lives.” It also mentioned, he “was a proud father to his son, Nicolas, and one of his most cherished memories was of racing against his son at the Karting track
Police say that the Carnival Fifty Six festival in Dundee's Camperdown Park at the weekend passed without significant incident.
Superintendent Graeme Murdoch of Tayside Division said: “There were only four arrests over the two days; two for assaults and two for breaches of the peace.
“There were also 23 incidents of people being found in the possession of suspected controlled drugs, and these matters will be dealt with by way of reports to the Fiscal or Recorded Police Warnings as appropriate.”
“The weather was very kind and it is great to have contributed to a new event where people clearly enjoyed themselves without having to worry about anti-social behaviour or violence. Thanks to all for making this a safe and enjoyable event.”
A statement added that festival-goers “fully entered into the carnival spirit, making it a safe and enjoyable event for all”.
The push carts used by Stanford players at the 2014 NCAA championship created some Twitter chatter, much of it unfavorable and similar in tone to what ESPN's Trent Dilfer said about it.
"Push carts are a BAD look for these kids," wrote Dilfer, a former NFL quarterback and an avid golfer. "C'mon Man, how can a college kid not be carrying his bag?"
"Agreed 100%," replied the PGA Tour's Bo Van Pelt.
Are they right? No, said Dr. Neil Wolkodoff, medical director of the Colorado Center for Health and Sports Science, who once conducted a study on the physical benefits of using a push cart vs. carrying your bag.
Pinterest AP CWilson.jpg
"I would just tell you this from my observations of golfers I work with," Wolkodoff said on Tuesday. "People who push a cart have a lot fewer [health] issues, and a lot less potential for issues. The golf swing is tough on the back no matter how you look at it. If you can use a push cart and keep one more stress away from the back that's a great thing."
Related: Hotlist: Compare Pushcars
Cameron Wilson, a Stanford player (shown here) who won the individual championship, came to use a push cart as a result of prior back issues.
Wolkodoff's study was among those cited by the American Junior Golf Association when it began allowing push carts in 2009. "After studying the issue in depth, the AJGA found that carrying heavy golf bags on the back, especially among younger players, could potentially contribute to back injuries and fatigue," it noted.
An additional benefit of push carts is a slight competitive advantage, particularly on courses with hills, Wolkodoff said.
"No matter how good your carrying system you still have to use core muscles to hold the bag," he said. "When you're pushing a cart you don't have the stress on your core musculature and shoulders. You're able to go up a hill and those muscles were not pre-fatigued."
As for the the notions that a push cart looks bad or was not how the game was meant to be played is an archaic one, Wolkodoff said.
"That's a stupid way of looking at the game of golf," he said. "Think about it, 1880 in Scotland, guys…didn't have near as many clubs as we lug around. As for a cart, you would have to have taken wagon wheels, and a two-wheel cart would have weighed 400 pounds. That doesn't mean we shouldn't do it now.
"Things have changed. Golf has accelerated the demands on the body over the last 20 years. Practice schedules are far more rigorous. It's a full-time endeavor [at the college level]. If we can do something to help ameliorate it we should do it.
"I work out five to six hours a week and have a strong core. Do I carry? No way. I think carrying is dumb, and I probably have a much stronger back than those I work with."
The big event on Broadway this week is taking place on the Lower East Side, where “Moulin Rouge! The Musical” is having a no-expense-spared workshop. Heavy-hitters, including Broadway's powerful landlords...
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — It's a moment new parents look forward to for nine months – bringing a healthy baby home from the hospital.
But for one Twin Cities woman, that moment sparked months of despair that ultimately lead to her taking her own life. Her family shares her story with WCCO's Kim Johnson in hopes of helping other moms suffering from postpartum depression.
“She was an amazing woman, just so much spunk and energy,” said Mary Troyer. Troyer's daughter, Stacy Gottwaldt, was known for her art work. But she always wanted to be a mom.
“She was extremely happy during her pregnancy, she had a good pregnancy but after the baby was born things went bad in a hurry,” said Harry Gottwaldt, Stacy's dad.
Trouble began less than a week after Stacy brought her daughter Sage home from the hospital.
“She couldn't sleep, she was always tired, she was always anxious,” said Gottwaldt.
“She had a lot of trouble feeding her, for some reason. That was a really hard thing for her to do,” said Troyer.
“She was like a fish out of water with the baby. She didn't seem like — like she just didn't know what to do,” said Gottwaldt. “Everything seemed unnatural and uncomfortable and the more she was uncomfortable the more anxious she got that she was not being a good mom and that she wasn't going to be able to learn. It just kept escalating.”
Stacy sought help, enrolling in a class for new moms at Hennepin County Medical Center. That's where she first admitted to a counselor to having thoughts of suicide. Doctors admitted her to the psychiatric ward, where she was released a week later.
Stacy went back to the new mom classes. But the depression continued and before long, Stacy would be admitted again.
“Stacy went into Regions because she was going to jump off a bridge in downtown St. Paul and was found, the police were called,” said Troyer.
Her parents say Stacy desperately wanted to get help. She spent a week at Regions and then transitioned to a group home.
“She said, ‘Mom, I'm tired of trying,' because she tried so many different programs and therapists,” Troyer said.
One night, Stacy didn't check in to the group home. Her parent's worst nightmare came true.
“Two police officers came up to the house and we knew,” Troyer said. “He said we found Stacy's car at a motel in St. Louis Park and on the door of the motel she had written a note that if you find this note, to call her mom and dad.”
“She was tired. She just couldn't take it anymore and she took her life,” said Gottwaldt.
Her parents are proud of Stacy's fight to get help, when some do not. Pregnancy & Postpartum Support Minnesota estimates 15 to 30 percent of new moms suffer from depression, but the number could be higher if women are too afraid to report it.
“Most moms are fearful that if I talk to someone about this, ‘What are they going to think of me? If I share this with my husband or with my partner are they going to think I'm crazy and that the baby isn't safe with me?'” said Lisa Cross of Pregnancy & Postpartum Support Minnesota.
“People should be aware that this postpartum depression is a real thing,” said Gottwaldt.
Her daughter may never know her mom, but Stacy's parents want everyone to know her story.
“Don't keep your mouth shut and say, ‘Everything is normal, I'm OK, even though I feel lousy,'” said Gottwaldt. “Tell somebody that you're having trouble and try to get help.”
Often times people with postpartum depression experience insomnia, loss of appetite, intense irritability, repeatedly going over thoughts and difficulty bonding with the baby.
There is help available.
If you or anyone you know may be suffering from postpartum depression, you can find resources here.
Anyone in need of help can call the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline at 800-273-8255.
For a chance to win N10,000 in cash in the NB Weekly Quiz, please review the NB Weekly magazine and answer the question that follows. The winner and runners-up will be selected at 12pm on the 19th of April 2017. Winner and runners-up will be displa...
If you want to survive the harsh world of Sea of Thieves, then mastering the ship to ship combat is critical. While you can always board an enemy vessel and duke it out in person, the safest method of dispatching your foe is via cannon fire. This is true for both the Galleon and Sloop, however, the former is going to have a better chance in a straight up fight.
Loading a Cannon
When you board your vessel one of the first things you'll want to do is load a few of the cannons. They are manually loaded, so not having to prep your first volley in a fight could save your crew. To load a cannon you'll need to locate a barrel of cannonballs and then carry them to the desired piece of artillery. The barrel holding your ammo is marked red and will have a log of three white balls in the center. Approach this and interact with it to carry add one cannonball into your inventory, however, you can have a maximum of ten on you at any time. Cannonballs can be found right next to the cannons on the Sloop or in the first part of the Galleon's hull.
Approach your cannon of choice and load it. Only one cannonball can fit at a time so you'll have to reload rounds between shots. It's easy to tell when a cannon is loaded because a little piece of rope will stick out of the top. If you're in a heated battle we recommend just running down and quickly grabbing a few cannonballs.
Firing the Cannon
Using the cannon is a bit trickier than loading it because cannonballs have an arc and travel time. You'll need to aim a little bit above your target if you want to hit them. However, it may take a few shots to properly gauge your range and hit an enemy vessel. Also, it's important to account for the travel time between firing the cannon and actually hitting your target. If both ships or moving try to lead your target otherwise the round might sail by them. This isn't as important for close range fights, but for taking out foes from a distance it's critical.
Launching Yourself From a Cannon
Sometimes you just want to board an enemy ship or land on the beach in style. Firing yourself from a cannon is actually quite easy and doesn't require you to load the cannon with ammo other than yourself. Simply approach the cannon and inspect the front part until a prompt appears to climb inside. Do this and then all you need to do is press the fire button to go sailing through the air like a majestic drunk bird. You'll take no damage from firing and players can have crew members angle the cannons with you in it to obtain a better trajectory.
Mastering the tools of your ship is perhaps the most important aspect of Sea of Thieves, so make sure to practice firing with your cannons. If you keep reloading Sea of Thieves you'll start with full ammo, so that's a good way to just practice the fundamentals of using these weapons effectively without any risk.
See also:
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE The Argos pulled it out over Mississippi College under Friday night lights to move to 4-1 on the season and 2-1 in the Gulf South Conference. Eric J. Wallace / ejwallace@pnj.com
UWF's Rodney Coates (2) beats Mississippi College's Blake Miller (4) and comes down with a first down catch at Blue Wahoos Stadium on Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. The game originally was scheduled for Saturday, but was moved up a day due to concerns about the forecast of Tropical Storm Nate. (Photo: Jody Link/online@PNJ.com)
Report card: UWF 28, Mississippi College 21
Offense: C
It was always going to be a difficult situation for the Argo offense with quarterback Mike Beaudry in street clothes as he continued through concussion protocols.
Grey Jackson took his first collegiate start and while he didn't sparkle, he commanded the UWF rushing well enough to earn the win.
Jackson, Chris Schwarz and Pace native Anthony Johnson Jr. recorded rushing touchdowns as the Argos totaled 138 yards on the ground.
They only managed 108 passing yards and Jackson's completion percentage – much like Beaudry's – hovered around 50 percent.
Defense: A
The UWF defense stood tall when it mattered most and made a game-changing play.
With the Choctaws facing fourth-and-2 from the 2 and trailing 21-14, cornerback Marvin Conley intercepted a pass at the 2-yard line and returned it 98 yards for the game-sealing score.
It was the last of four takeaways from a defense that is showing marked improvements under first-year defensive coordinator Darian Dulin.
The UWF secondary smothered Mississippi College's passing attack to the tune of 78 yards and did not allow a point in the second half.
Special Teams: D+
Special teams have been a strength for UWF this season but took a step back on Friday.
Two-time reigning Gulf South Conference Special Teams Player of the Year Austin Williams missed two long field goals after hitting the game-winner a week ago.
UWF also allowed several long kickoff returns that gave the Choctaw offense good starting field position.
Freshman punter Colton Norris saw a snap glance over his head and turn into a Mississippi College touchdown. The freshman bounced back to average 48 yards on his punts and downed the Choctaws on the 3-yard line.
Coaching: B+
With an unexpectedly short week of practice due to Tropical Storm Nate and his starting quarterback injured, Pete Shinnick and the Argos coaching staff couldn't have asked for much more, particularly in the second half.
Defensive coordinator Darian Dulin made an in-game adjustment that helped the Argos stifle Mississippi College's speed option attack.
Shinnick also noted that the Argos shifted personnel along the offensive line, a move he feels is important in the team's improved rushing attack.
Player of the game: UWF DB Marvin Conley
Reason for hope
The Argos have battled through multiple hurricanes and quarterback injuries to emerge 4-1 through the first half of the season. Shinnick could hardly ask for more.
Reason to mope
Beaudry's status is uncertain moving forward and the Argos are moving into the most difficult portion of their schedule.
Up next
UWF welcomes Delta State to Blue Wahoos Stadium for a 4 p.m. kickoff.
SPRING HILL, Fla. (AP) — A Florida man is accused of breaking into a funeral home and stealing items including a tub of formaldehyde.
Hernando County Sheriff's deputies went to the Demarco Family Funeral Home in Spring Hill early Friday after someone working in a nearby business saw a man carrying a crowbar going in and out of the building.
Hernando County Sheriff's officials said in a news release that deputies arrested 29-year-old Aaron Meininger on commercial burglary and grand theft charges.
Meininger told investigators he was bored and didn't know he was breaking into a funeral home. He said he didn't even know what he was going to do with the items found in his car, including makeup and various instruments used in funeral preparation.
An attorney isn't listed on jail records.
LEBANON, Mo. (AP) — A suburban Kansas City attorney has been found not guilty of killing her millionaire father and his girlfriend in a vicious attack at their Missouri lake house that prosecutors said was fueled by jealousy, even though jurors said they doubted her innocence.
Susan "Liz" Van Note, 48, of Lee's Summit, was acquitted Tuesday night of two counts of first-degree murder in the 2010 deaths of 67-year-old William Van Note and 59-year-old Sharon Dickson, The Kansas City Star (http://bit.ly/2kx1VdE ) reports.
Dickson died at the couple's Lake of the Ozarks vacation house after being stabbed and shot. William Van Note was also stabbed and shot, but he survived and was taken to a Columbia hospital. Prosecutors say Susan Van Note subsequently forged her father's signature on power of attorney documents so she could authorize his removal from the ventilator that was keeping him alive.
Jury foreman Merri Hess said the panel felt Van Note, who specialized in end-of-life matters, was involved but that they couldn't convict her on the evidence presented.
"'Not guilty' does not mean innocent," Hess said.
Authorities allege Susan Van Note had filed for bankruptcy and was angry that her father had named Dickson to inherit the bulk of his estate, which had a net worth in 2009 of nearly $8 million. After his death, his daughter assumed the role of the estate's executor.
Lead prosecutor Kevin Zoellner described Van Note in his closing argument as a "terrible killer" who "used her mouth to tell the hospital to kill" her father. He said a call from Van Note's cellphone to her home pinged a tower near the crime scene minutes after the attack.
Her attorneys pointed to another man, who has since disappeared, as the killer. No hair, blood, DNA or fibers linked Van Note to the crime scene.
Susan Van Note's mother, Barbara Van Note, told investigators that her daughter was home in Lee's Summit when the killings happened 119 miles away in Sunrise Beach. Barbara Van Note went to prison in 2005 for forging her own mother's name to a power of attorney, and she was ordered to repay $108,000 to a trust fund.
The trial initially was to have been in June 2015, but a mistrial was declared. A second attempt at the proceedings two months later ended when Susan Van Note's lawyers challenged the admissibility of cellphone evidence.
Dickson's son, Andrew Dickson, has a wrongful death case pending against Susan Van Note.
___
Information from: The Kansas City Star, http://www.kcstar.com
Every comet, asteroid, and planetoid astronomers have been able to examine up close is native to our solar system, but scientists have long theorized an interstellar visitor could one day come rocketing through our neighborhood. That's exactly what happened earlier this year when researchers at the Pan-STARRS observatory detected ‘Oumuamua, the first asteroid from interstellar space ever discovered. It's moving so fast that we'll never be able to catch up to it, but a radio astronomy project backed by Russian billionaire Yuri Milner has announced a plan to take a closer look at the object to see if it's emitting any signals.
‘Oumuamua is an unusual object in several ways, which made it difficult to identify when it was discovered a few months ago. Astronomers first thought it was a comet based on what we know about solar system formation, but further observations showed it lacked the gas and dust envelope of a comet. Thus, astronomers determined ‘Oumuamua was actually an elongated asteroid between 30 and 180 meters in length.
The International Astronomical Union eventually created a new naming scheme with an I-designation for interstellar objects, so ‘Oumuamua's official name is 1I/2017 U1 (‘Oumuamua). What if it's not an asteroid, though? What if it's an alien spaceship? It's probably not, but we should be sure, right?
We know that ‘Oumuamua is from another solar system because it has an orbital eccentricity of 1.20, meaning it's well past the sun's escape velocity. Nothing that originated in our solar system could have reached such a high speed, so ‘Oumuamua comes from someplace else. It's currently on its way out of the solar system at 38.3 kilometers per second (23.8 miles per second). We can't catch up to it, but the Breakthrough Listen project can still take a closer look.
Milner says Breakthrough Listen will begin using the Green Bank Telescope to scan ‘Oumuamua this week. The telescope will observe the asteroid for 10 hours across four radio bands. If it's emitting any radio frequency energy, Breakthrough Listen should be able to pick it up. This might be our last chance to learn something about ‘Oumuamua before it's too far away to study. Next year, it will pass the orbit of Jupiter, and by the mid-2020s, it will pass into the Kuiper Belt.
Odds are that Breakthrough Listen will detect nothing from the object. After all, it's probably been falling through interstellar space for millions of years, and that'd have to one durable alien spaceship to still be working. Still, if there's some signal emanating from ‘Oumuamua, that's probably something we should know about.
Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
“Abbreviations are meant to be shortcuts, but they end up alienating people,” says Kipling Williams, a professor of social psychology at Purdue University who has studied ostracism for more than 20 years.
In a recent article, Williams and colleagues offer fellow scientists some advice: stop using abbreviations when communicating about science. They say acronyms and other abbreviations can alienate people who aren't experts.
“By not using abbreviations and adding just a few extra syllables we can bring everyone in the loop.”
“It's not that people are trying to be exclusive. They just mistakenly assume other people know. We suggest it's better to err on the side that they don't know and avoid using abbreviations, especially when writing and promoting research.
“This attempt to be efficient is more likely to make people feel excluded and ignored, much like we see in ostracism research, and this could hinder efforts in sharing scientific findings across disciplines and with the general public.”
Williams, along with graduate student Andrew H. Hales and alumnus Joel Rector, offer the advice in an article for the Association for Psychological Science's APS Observer. Abbreviations can include acronyms or initialisms, such as DARPA, ANOVA and MPA, which are Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, analysis of variance and Midwestern Psychological Association, respectively.
Another reason scientists use abbreviations is because they give insiders a cohesiveness, but at the expense of others. The Purdue researchers say there is an easy solution; don't use abbreviations.
“We know from ostracism research that seemingly trivial items can make people feel ignored and excluded,” says Hales, a doctoral student in psychological sciences. “For example, previous research has found that while Christmas displays may seem innocuous, to those who don't celebrate Christmas it is a reminder of outsider status. Or, when women were asked to read job descriptions for engineering positions, the ideal candidate was described using the male pronoun. By not using abbreviations and adding just a few extra syllables we can bring everyone in the loop.”
Source: Purdue University
Prince Harry believes in his relationship with Meghan Markle so much, he's reportedly rejected the idea of having a prenuptial agreement ahead of their marriage.
A source allegedly told TheDailyMail, “He's determined that his marriage will be a lasting one, so there's no need for him to sign anything.”
Harry is following in the footsteps of his older brother William, who also refused to sign a prenup.
The royal couple plan on getting married in May. In case you missed it, invited guests include Obama, Elton John and no invite for our current commander in chief, Trump.
RELATE STORIES:
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
DENVER (AP) -Taylor Swift won $1 and long-awaited vindication after a jury decided that a radio host groped her during a pre-concert photo op four years ago.
After a weeklong trial over dueling lawsuits, jurors determined that fired Denver DJ David Mueller assaulted the pop star by grabbing her backside during a backstage meet-and-greet. The six-woman, two-man jury also found that Swift's mother and radio liaison were within their rights to contact Mueller's bosses.
Mueller sued the Swifts and their radio handler, Frank Bell, seeking up to $3 million for his ruined career.
Just before closing arguments, the judge dismissed Taylor Swift from Mueller's lawsuit, saying he had failed to prove that she sought to get Mueller fired or had any reason to believe that someone else may have assaulted her. U.S. District Judge William Martinez also drastically reduced the amount Mueller could collect.
The singer-songwriter said in her countersuit that she wanted a symbolic $1 and the chance to stand up for other women.
Testimony showed that Swift reported the incident to her mother and others on her team, but that she never sought any specific action regarding Mueller.
From the start, Swift's side portrayed the encounter as a clear case of sexual assault, even though they never reported it to police. Her mother tearfully testified that she asked Bell to reach out to Mueller's employers at country station KYGO-FM instead because they wanted to handle the matter quietly and avoid exposing the singer-songwriter to publicity.
Bell contacted a station vice president and asked for an investigation of Mueller's conduct. He also sent the station executive a photo taken of Swift, Mueller and Mueller's then-girlfriend at the meet-and-greet.
In a fiery hourlong stint on the witness stand last week, Swift blasted a low-key characterization by Mueller's attorney, Gabriel McFarland, of what happened. While Mueller testified he never grabbed Swift, she insisted she was groped.
“He stayed attached to my bare ass-cheek as I lurched away from him,” Swift testified.
“It was a definite grab. A very long grab,” she added.
Mueller emphatically denied reaching under the pop star's skirt or otherwise touching her inappropriately, insisting he touched only her ribs and may have brushed the outside of her skirt as they awkwardly posed for the picture.
That photo was virtually the evidence besides the testimony. In the image shown to jurors during opening statements but not publicly released, Mueller's hand is behind Swift, just below her waist. Both are smiling. Mueller's then-girlfriend is standing on the other side of Swift.
Swift testified that after she was groped, she numbly told Mueller and his girlfriend, “Thank you for coming,” and moved on to photos with others waiting in line because she did not want to disappoint them.
But she said she immediately went to her photographer after the meet-and-greet ended and found the photo of her with Mueller, telling the photographer what happened.
Andrea Swift testified that she asked Bell to call Mueller's employers. They did not call the police to avoid further traumatizing her daughter, she said.
“We absolutely wanted to keep it private, but we didn't want him to get away with it,” Andrea Swift testified.
Bell said he emailed the photo to Robert Call, KYGO's general manager, for use in Call's investigation of Mueller. He said he didn't ask that Mueller be fired but that “appropriate action be taken.”
Campbell County investigators say they had a suspect in mind from the early going for the murder of Lisa Henderson, but it took time to develop the necessary evidence to make this week's arrest in the as. 25-year-old Marquie Williams of Concord is now charged with killing Henderson. Reporter Andrew Whitehead spoke with Lieutenant L.T. Guthrie at the Campbell County Sheriff's Office:
07-04 Guthrie Bite-WEB
Lisa Henderson was 22, from Appomattox. She was last seen alive April 5th. her remains were found five days later.
The first U.S. drive-through marijuana dispensary is set to open on Thursday in a small town in Colorado, a state that has been at the forefront of pot legalization. The...
LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. — Since we've been hearing his name even more than usual these last couple of days, let's set the record straight about Alex Rodriguez:
A-Rod never had a New York problem.
He had a tone-deafness problem. He had a Derek Jeter problem. He had a self-discipline problem. He had a Joe Torre problem.
But New York? A-Rod loved New York and everything it offered. Shoot, a week into his first spring training at (then) Legends Field, he already knew every media person that covered the Yankees. Come to think of it, he knew many of us from his time with the Mariners and Rangers, even before the Yankees landed him.
Now, Giancarlo Stanton, the Yankees' biggest trade acquisition since A-Rod? We won't know if he has a New York problem until he spends 2018 as a Yankee. Yet with his official introduction set for Monday afternoon here at the Winter Meetings, this can be said:
Stanton has New York questions to answer.
“He'll enjoy New York City,” a friend of Stanton's said of the newest Yankee, on the condition of anonymity. “He won't enjoy the New York media.”
Stanton has embraced much of the celebrity that has come his way, playing in a cool city for an un-cool team, including a photo shoot for ESPN The Magazine's 2013 Body Issue (the same year as Matt Harvey). He sounds like a good candidate to make his in-season home in Manhattan and get a few bold-faced mentions in Page Six.
New York will offer far more opportunities for fame, fortune and fun; it's one of the reasons why the Big Apple appealed to Stanton, according to a second friend. With that, however, will arrive a level of fan and media scrutiny that Stanton has by all accounts not experienced in the least. It's probable, for instance, that Stanton has never been booed heavily by his own fans.
The one time the perpetually lousy Marlins drew a national platform, last July, it didn't go great for Stanton. Designated as an ambassador for the All-Star Game held at Marlins Park, Stanton bristled at softball questions about his Home Run Derby challenger (and now Yankees teammate) Aaron Judge. “Hopefully he has to answer as many questions about me as I do about him,” Stanton said at one juncture. When the Yankees' Gary Sanchez upset Stanton in the first round that night, clearing the way for Judge's eventual title, Stanton didn't stick around for media questions.
This might sound like petty stuff. But it matters to your teammates and to your clubhouse culture. Playing for the Yankees means understanding and embracing the reality that reporters, broadcasters, producers and the like will be abundant in the clubhouse for a few concentrated periods. If you think railing against that reality — one that also exists in Boston — carries no risk, then you should Google “David Price Boston miserable.” Conversely, handling the situation well carries a reward, as exemplified by the overwhelmingly positive coverage of the 2017 Yankees.
Maybe A-Rod, who expects to stick around as a Yankees adviser, can help Stanton with this part of New York. Jeter could have, too, except he's now the Marlins CEO who just made Stanton a Yankee.
The Yankees' change at manager should help here. While Aaron Boone doesn't know Stanton well, they share an agency and therefore have the foundation for a relationship. Boone, a 2003 Yankees and longtime broadcaster, can share some wisdom on this front with Stanton that would have been tough for Joe Girardi, given that Girardi's news conferences often featured as much awkwardness as a Michael Scott tirade on “The Office.”
Yankees people express confidence Stanton will manage this adjustment just fine, and Stanton for sure has his supporters around the game who vouch for his enthusiasm and his interaction with teammates. Still, Stanton's little practice on such a big stage creates an extra level of curiosity.
His new life starts Monday. He'll start receiving those New York questions. His long-term response to them could very well determine the success of this behemoth deal.
Image caption Neil McEvoy has proven to be a marmite figure in Plaid Cymru
Neil McEvoy has become one of the most controversial of the 2016 intake of AMs in Cardiff Bay.
To his supporters the Paid Cymru politician is a breath of fresh air, applying an anti-establishment approach that takes the Welsh Labour Government head-on.
But in just two years he has alienated many of his Plaid Cymru colleagues.
After being expelled from the party group in the assembly, the Cardiff-based politician has now been thrown out of the party itself for 18 months - cast out onto the sidelines as an independent.
A populist Welsh nationalist who can be difficult to place on either the left or the right, Mr McEvoy is a marmite figure who divides opinion in his party.
Mr McEvoy, who trained as a teacher in modern languages and a one-time Labour councillor in the Cardiff seat of Riverside, saw his first big political success in the Cardiff elections of 2008.
The Cardiff Plaid group went from four seats to seven, and entered into coalition running Wales' largest authority with the Liberal Democrats with the councillor becoming deputy council leader.
Image caption Neil McEvoy and Leanne Wood both launched Plaid's local election campaign last year
His time in the job was not without controversy and in 2011 he was given a written warning after he accused a women's charity of "publicly funded child abuse".
The coalition came and went - replaced by a Labour majority in 2012 - but McEvoy later secured selection to the second place on Plaid Cymru list for South Wales Central in the 2016 election, almost causing an upset when party leader Leanne Wood only narrowly beat him.
In that poll he secured a significant increase in the share of the vote for Plaid Cymru in the constituency he ran in, Cardiff West.
Although he failed to win the seat, he was elected to represent the region on the list.
In the assembly he has been an abrasive critic of the Welsh Government, and has called for more regulation of the lobbying industry.
He has been outspoken in his opposition to co-operation between Plaid Cymru and Welsh Labour - quickly proving to be a thorn in the side of Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood.
He has long demanded that Plaid is more confrontational, saying in a self-penned article: "I want to defeat the Welsh Establishment. I don't want to be instructed to bend my knee to it."
Mr McEvoy's relationship with the leadership, his assembly colleagues and his party began to take a nosedive when, in 2017, a tribunal suspended him for a month from being a Cardiff councillor after it found he made a comment that amounted to "bullying behaviour" to a council officer.
Mr McEvoy was suspended from the Plaid Cymru group - with the whip taken off him - and lost his role as a party spokesperson on sport and tourism.
Image copyright NeilMcEvoy/Facebook Image caption A Facebook post by Neil McEvoy prompted his second suspension from Plaid Cymru
He was later reinstated, but a row over his opposition to Plaid's support for the end to right-to-buy in Wales led to him being suspended again - this time with the party leader accusing him of breaching the Plaid rulebook.
He would not return to the party group, with colleagues deciding to expel him in January.
It was not immediately apparent at the time, but the expulsion came days after Mr McEvoy, under data protection laws, asked for data held by his colleagues about him. AMs complained of a breach of trust.
Separately Plaid Cymru held a disciplinary investigation into his conduct after complaints were raised on social media - an investigation that took a year and came to its conclusion on Monday.
Image caption Neil McEvoy defended the right of Gareth Bennett (pictured) to speak in the assembly
As the process rumbled on, two recent articles written for Nation.Cymru saw him take positions at odds with others in the party.
One saw him defending UKIP AM Gareth Bennett's right to speak in the assembly after he was barred from doing so by Plaid AM and presiding officer Elin Jones after a speech on transgender rights.
Mr Bennett's words were "quite offensive", Mr McEvoy said, but he accused others in the Senedd chamber of being unable to tolerate "any real diversity of thinking".
He complained about "virtue signalling", accusing left-wing AMs of using the Bennett speech as "an opportunity for politicians to fire off tweets and hashtags about all the things they're against".
In another piece he railed against the "authoritarian left" and criticised gender quotas for the assembly that has been backed by Plaid AM Sian Gwenllian as a way to ensure equality of representation.
"Future assembly members won't be measured by their merit and ability, but through a simple count of their genitalia," he wrote.
Given his expulsion, and his political disagreements with Plaid itself, it is unclear where Neil McEvoy will have to go next.
A man was shot and killed near Twain Avenue and Swenson Street Friday night, Metro Police said. (Austin Turner / FOX5)
Police arrested a man for shooting and killing another man near Twain Avenue and Swenson Street on Friday, April 20, Metro Police said.
The shooting was reported at 9:21 p.m. on the 3700 block of Hazelwood Street.
Mark Salazar, 47, was found in an alley with a single gunshot wound to his chest, according to the Clark County Coroner and police. He was pronounced dead at the scene. Police found an empty cell phone case in his possession. Police said they believed the shooter may have taken Salazar's phone.
During the investigation, police found a surveillance camera in a nearby building. The property manager said an unknown person had been squatting in the laundry room. She later admitted, it was her son, Gonzalo Rivera. In that laundry room, police found paperwork with Rivera's name on them. Investigators also found blood in the room, according to an arrest report.
In the surveillance video, Rivera was seen "hurriedly moving through the alley carrying a trash bag towards a dumpster, and putting unknown items into a dumpster," police said.
Rivera's brother later admitted he was there during the shooting that "happened quickly after an argument ensued." Rivera's brother said Rivera did not plan to shoot Salazar. The brother said he did help clean up the scene before he called 911, according to Rivera's arrest report.
Gonzalo Rivera agreed to speak with detectives, denied being involved in Salazar's death, and claimed someone else pulled the trigger. He later admitted to cleaning up the scene, taking Salazar's phone and carrying a blood-soaked shirt to his car before leaving the area. He was arrested on April 25 for murder with a deadly weapon.
Metro said anyone with information on the case should contact them at 702-828-3521.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Riverdale's Cole Sprouse And KJ Apa Are Road Tripping From LA To Vancouver To Film Season 3
The filming of Riverdale season 3 is finally upon us, and Cole Sprouse and KJ Apa, otherwise known as Jughead and Archie Andrews have kicked off the occasion with the cutest bromantic road trip from LA and Vancouver!
The Riverdale cast are always having the best time with each other and we get genuinely jealous we can't come along on their adventures - the latest of which has seen Cole Sprouse and BFF KJ Apa road trip from LA all the way to Vancouver, where they are set to begin filming for season 3 of the epic show, alongside the likes of Lili Reinhart and Veronica Lodge!
Riverdale Season 3 Cast, Release Date, News & Latest Storyline
The boys are no strangers to hitting the open road and often document their couples trips, having gone on a hilarious camping holiday back in 2017, which included Cole flossing his teeth under the cover of darkness and spooking KJ.
Madelaine Petsch AKA Cherry Blossom recently revealed they are set to return to Canada to film the next series in a YouTube video, and it looks like that time has finally arrived!
We. Are. SO. Excited.
Download Our Brand New App For All The Latest Riverdale News
The Martin City Board has approved borrowing $11.3 million in bonds to pay for a future police headquarters, fire station and library.
During Monday night's regular monthly meeting, Board members voted unanimously to enter into three separate loan agreements that will provide $4.5 million for the construction of a new police station, $5.5 million to fund the construction of a new library, and $1.3 million for a fire station to serve the west side of town. These projects will be funded by USDA Rural Development Community Facilities Direct Loan and Grants.
(See compete story in the Feb. 15th issue of the Dresden Enterprise.)
“We were moving things from one storage unit to the next. At some point we both thought we had moved the baby to the first car,” Holley remembered.
Two kids — two car seats. One facing forward, one facing back, with a high back that protects the infant in a crash, but makes him invisible to anyone in the front.
“We dropped my husband's car in a parking lot at noon, in June, in Charleston. Then we drove to the park. When I went to take the baby out and put him in a stroller, I screamed, ‘Oh my god, where is the baby?'”
Holley's moment of terror did not end in tragedy, but on average, 37 kids left in cars die of hyperthermia in the United States every year.
A new study from Arizona State University and the University of California San Diego quantifies just how long it takes for cars to reach killer temperatures in either the sun or the shade.
Researchers ran an experiment, using identical cars left in the sun and the shade at different times of day to discover it doesn't take long for hot cars to reach temperatures high enough to kill children left inside. Vanos, Middel, Poletti, Selover / Arizona State University
It isn't long on a hot summer day.
The team tested six cars, including two sedans, two economy cars and two minivans.
Left in the sun on a 100-degree day in Arizona, it took just an hour for the interior temperature to hit 116 degrees. Dashboards heated up to a stinging 157 degrees and seats hit 123 degrees in that time.
The shade wasn't much better. Interior temperatures reached 100 degrees after one hour and seats were 105 degrees.
“These tests replicated what might happen during a shopping trip,” said Nancy Selover, an Arizona State University climatologist and research professor.
“We wanted to know what the interior of each vehicle would be like after one hour, about the amount of time it would take to get groceries. I knew the temperatures would be hot, but I was surprised by the surface temperatures.”
U.S. Senator Heidi Heitkamp's "Heidi Helps" session was held in Valley City on June 27. In a press release given by Heitkamp, the senator stated, "My staffers will be out and about this summer, visiting many rural communities across the state so they have the chance to hear directly from folks and help those who may need assistance with a federal issue, like veterans' benefits or Social Security. I hope folks take advantage of these sessions and stop by one of the 'Heidi Helps' to sit down with my staff, ask questions, and get help."
More on this story can be found in the July 2 edition of the Times-Record.
Where do you see yourself in 10 years? These time travellers will be revisiting their past
Jacob, Hannah and Zeno in their historic character costumes. Picture: SARAH LUCY BROWN
No-one likes their past dug up – unless they're a pupil at Woodbridge Primary School.
Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in.
Zeno the knight at Woodbridge Primary School. Picture: SARAH LUCY BROWN Zeno the knight at Woodbridge Primary School. Picture: SARAH LUCY BROWN
Children buried a hoard of modern artefacts, reflecting the way we live today, along with letters to their teenage selves – to be retrieved and read in 10 years time.
It was part of a ‘time travel' topic which included looking back at historical figures – and forward to what life might be like in the future.
Year One teacher Cheryl Borrett said: “The children decided they'd like the time capsule to be buried outside, near the school office, for 10 years.
“As well as their letters, it contains things like cinema tickets to Moana, items of school uniform, currency, number lines and 2D shapes from lessons, and a class photo.
Alex with a handwritten stone. Picture: SARAH LUCY BROWN Alex with a handwritten stone. Picture: SARAH LUCY BROWN
“They've been looking at the ancient Egyptians, the Stone Age, cavemen, Queen Elizabeth I, Queen Victoria, and into the future with spacemen.”
The children will be 15 or 16 when they dig up the capsule.
Mercedes-Benz is considering extending its ultra-luxury Maybach badge with a crossover, complete with a porcelain tea service embedded in a heatable ebony-wood tray, to take on high-end competitors such as Bentley's sought-after Bentayga SUV.
Aimed squarely at billionaires perusing the Beijing auto show's offerings this week, a concept model being displayed includes optional white nappa-leather lie-flat seats with massage and aroma-therapy functions. Mercedes isn't commenting on when it'll decide on offering the vehicle.
The car would help Mercedes catch up to Volkswagen AG's U.K. car brand Bentley, whose $229,000 Bentayga is part of a money-spinning trend for high-seated models that's prompted even Ferrari and Rolls-Royce to add sport-utility vehicles to their line-ups.
It's “a totally new archetype, of a kind never seen before,” Gorden Wagener, chief design officer at Mercedes parent Daimler AG, said in a statement Tuesday in advance of the Beijing International Automotive Exhibition.
The crossover would add to Mercedes's growing line of lucrative top-end vehicles, such as this year's gas-guzzling AMG GT four-door coupe, as the world's biggest luxury-car maker seeks revenue to finance its expensive shift to battery technology.
The concept being shown in Beijing features an electric drive with a 200-mile (320-kilometer) range. Mercedes declined to outline any plans for a battery vehicle for the Maybach sub-brand.
Chinese Demand
Putting a Maybach crossover into Chinese showrooms would tap into a ready audience for the nameplate. Buyers in the country have snapped up more than 60 percent of the 25,000 Maybach sedans that Mercedes has sold since rolling out the model in 2015. That version, currently priced at $168,600, is the company's second effort to revive the 1930s-era name in a challenge to BMW AG's Rolls-Royce brand. An earlier try in 2001 was dropped following almost a decade of losses.
Tea service inside the Maybach crossover Source: Daimler AG
In the past couple of years, Mercedes has unveiled attention-grabbing limited-edition Maybach derivatives, helping drive home the Stuttgart-based manufacturer's luxury standing even as most of its customers drive an A-Class compact or C-Class sedan.
Just over a year ago, the carmaker presented the Mercedes-Maybach G50, with a limited run of just 99 vehicles. The world's most expensive SUV at around $500,000, the full-size G50 is able to cross desert dunes powered by a V12 engine, and features a retractable, landaulet-style fabric roof in the back. Customers have also clamored for a 300,000-euro ($366,000) convertible with quilted seats and matching luggage. Mercedes only made 300 of the cars.
While Maybach represents a fraction of Mercedes's total deliveries, which last year amounted to 2.4 million vehicles, boosting sales of high-earning models is a necessary counterbalance to ballooning spending that's weighing on earnings. Daimler is investing 10 billion euros to create 10 electric vehicles by 2022. The new cars may generate only about half the profits earned by equivalent combustion-engine autos, the company said last year.
The White Sox don't have a future right fielder, while Trayce Thompson doesn't have much of a future as a Dodgers right fielder, making a reunion much needed.
In the 2015 season in which Trayce Thompson debuted in for the Chicago White Sox, he quickly became a fan favorite. He provided good defense with power, and projected to finally replace Avisail Garcia.
In the following offseason, the Sox traded Thompson in a package of other prospects to acquire Todd Frazier from the Reds in a three team deal along with the Dodgers.
With the Dodgers, Thompson quickly took the starting job from Yasiel Puig, played well, and then got injured and missed the rest of the season. With the White Sox in a clear rebuild, Thompson should come back to the team to become its future right fielder.
The Dodgers current outfielders are under 26 years of age, all with under four years of major league experience. Andre Ethier is coming off an injury and with that, Thompson might lose any real role with the Dodgers.
The White Sox currently have Melky Cabrera in left field, and he might be traded. Their really is no lock in the outfield. Jason Coats and Garcia both played in the MLB this past season, and they both under performed. Garcia's whole career to date has been disappointing, in the field and at the plate. In 120 games, Garcia hit 12 homers in 2016. In 80 games with the Dodgers, Thompson hit 13 homers. It's obvious who the better player is.
The Dodgers don't have a future second baseman at the moment. Micah Johnson, a player they received in the Frazier deal, hasnt done well in his major league stints. They're trying to acquire Brian Dozier and if they can't, they could see value in Brett Lawrie. While Lawrie is young, he has six years of major league experience. He hasn't done great, but he provides a temporary upgrade over their current. He's also cheap with a $3.5 million salary for next season. He's a relatively good defender, and he can play both second and third, giving Justin Turner a chance to play first, and giving Adrian Gonzalez some rest.
It'll leave second base open all year for Tyler Saladino. It'll also leave time for Moncada to get ready. Saladino will be more than just a placeholder though, as he plays all infield positions.
The White Sox need a right fielder, and have a very viable option in Thompson. The Dodgers need a second baseman, and Lawrie could be the answer. It'll be a win-win for both teams, and the players will be exciting for both fanbases.
More from Southside Showdown
This article originally appeared on
× Olathe police investigating deadly shooting in restaurant parking lot
OLATHE, Kan. — The parking lot of a popular Mexican restaurant in Olathe became the scene of a homicide on Friday just before midnight.
Police say there was a fight between two groups at Chapala Mexican Restaurant off of Interstate 35 and West 135th Street. During that fight– one person was shot and later died.
Investigators are still following up on leads in this case. If you have any information, call (913) 971-6950 or the TIPS Hotline at (816) 474-TIPS.
SANTA CLARA — The Intel faithful won't be gathering together in the summer any more.
Intel said Monday it was pulling the plug on the Intel Developer Forum, better known as IDF, which has recently been held annually at San Francisco's Moscone Center. Officially, Intel said in a statement on its website that it would “retire the IDF program moving forward.”
Related Articles Biz Break: Intel says, ‘Goodbye' to the annual IDF conference
Intel security costs rose after CEO, other execs got threats over diversity push
McAfee spins off from Intel In an effort to placate potential IDF attendees who may have been planning on going to this year's gathering, Intel said that the company “has a number of resources available on intel.com, including a Resource and Design Center with documentation, software, and tools for designers, engineers, and developers.”
Agnes Kwan, an Intel spokeswoman, said IDF wasn't canceled because of a drop in the conference's popularity. Last year's IDF had more than 6,000 attendees, but Kwan said putting IDF to rest comes as Intel Chief Executive Brian Krzanich has pushed the company into areas beyond its longtime core PC business.
“Our CEO has been talking about Intel no longer being a PC-centric company, but a data-centric one,” Kwan said. “We are in areas like AI (artificial intelligence), VR (virtual reality) and IOT (intenet of things). Wherever there is data, you will see us there.”
Intel's canceling of IDF, while a surprise to many, comes as the company has pulled back from some of its traditional conference sponsorships.
Since last year, Intel has said it wouldn't hold its 2017 IDF event in China, and in February, the company dropped its support for the International Science and Engineering Fair. Intel also said it would no longer lend its name to the national Science Talent Search, one of the country's biggest programs for encouraging high school students to get involved in science-based education.
“We have a new audience that validates our portfolio,” Kwan said. “We are looking into more and different events to get our message across such as industry conferences.”
Intel is the second big-name Bay Area tech company to turn the lights off on its annual San Francisco meeting of developers.
In February, Apple said it was dumping the Moscone Center, which had been home to its yearly Worldwide Developers Conference since 2003, in favor of the McEnery Convention Center in San Jose, which lasted hosted Apple's developers gathering in 2002.
Rape victim says airline offered her $5K for 'nuisance' A 31-year-old woman who claims she was raped on a red-eye flight last year says she was appalled how American Airlines categorized the alleged assault as a “nuisance claim” and...
This is why you don't want to be a flight attendant If airplane passengers aren't sleeping or watching movies, then they're probably raising hell. That's according to a poll conducted this week by flight-comparison website JetCost. A total of 398 American...
Navy SEAL who killed bin Laden tossed off plane for being drunk The Navy SEAL who killed terrorist Osama bin Laden was tossed off a plane Sunday because airline officials believed he was too drunk to fly, a report on Monday said....
American hero saves teens from sex trafficking A quick-thinking American Airlines ticket agent saved two California teens from a human trafficking scheme — in which they were lured to New York with a promise of performing in...
‘Belfie' queen Jen Selter has conquered Instagram Instagram sensation Jen Selter may have nearly 12 million followers, but, as she revealed to The Post, she wasn't exactly given star treatment during an American Airlines flight two weeks...
Foul odor forces American Airlines flight to turn around CHARLOTTE, N.C. — An American Airlines flight has returned to a North Carolina airport about an hour after takeoff because of an odor in the cabin. American spokeswoman Katie Cody...
Airlines are running out of ways to charge customers more American Airlines is treating overhead bins like reserved spots in a constantly crowded parking lot beginning Feb. 1. For some special customers, that is. The company sent an internal memo...
Don't bother bringing cash if you're flying American Airlines If you're planning on flying American Airlines out of Miami International Airport, don't forget your debit card. Starting Thursday, the mega-airliner has announced it is moving to a cashless model...
Welcome to the live news blog for Reading, Bracknell and Wokingham on Wednesday February 15.
This morning we're continuing our series on Reading Borough Council after a sit-down interview with leader Councillor Jo Lovelock. Today we take a look at the impact of refugees moving to the area and the serious housing crisis which often leads to homelessness.
As always we'll be updating this blog with breaking news throughout the day so if you see or hear something you think we should know about call 0118 918 3024, email getreading@trinitymirror.com, send a tweet to @getreading or post a message on our Facebook page.
Don't forget you can also keep up to date with the latest via the free getreading app.
Download it for Apple devices here and Android devices here .
As the Jets go for their third straight win, let's take a look at the Jets' mailbag:
Richie V (@RVSavagePlay)
What do you think about Teddy Bridgewater as an option next year if the jets continue to play themselves out of the QB lotto? #nyj
This is an interesting option if the Jets don't wind up taking a quarterback in the first round. Bridgewater looked like he was on his way to being a good starter before a devastating knee injury in 2016 that still has him sidelined.
First of all, the doctors would have to sign off on it. Is his knee healthy enough to play? There was some discussion of that knee injury being career-ending when he suffered it, so it is a huge question.
If the doctors give him the OK (a big if), then his contract demands would be a question. If he does not play at all this season, that's two years away from football. He won't have much leverage. A team should be able to get him on a one-year, “prove it” deal where he can earn a big contract the following year. It would probably be filled with playing-time incentives.
If the Jets strike out on the quarterbacks in the draft, Bridgewater deserves a look. But that knee would scare me.
Mike Simlescu (@mjsimu)
Isn't it time for Ken O'Brien to be inducted in the Jets Ring of Honor? He's probably the second or third best QB Jets ever had. #NYJ
O'Brien is probably the second- or third-best quarterback the Jets have ever had, but that's a bad list. I can't see the Jets ever putting O'Brien into the Ring of Honor. Yes, he is second all-time in many franchise passing categories behind Joe Namath, but his career was so up-and-down. He was fantastic in 1985 (25 touchdowns, 8 interceptions, 3,888 yards), but he had no other seasons like that. O'Brien is probably underrated because of the inevitable comparisons to Dan Marino, who was picked after him in 1983. Still, I don't think he belongs in the Ring of Honor.
Hal Paul (@hpjr)
Did Bowles save his job with the coaching staff tweaks he's made? At DB, LB, DL and offensive coordinator?
Jets Tourettes (@SportyQuips)
If the season ended today, does Bowles keep his job?
Todd Bowles' job security is an issue we'll be looking at all year. Yes, if the season ended right now, I think he'd be safe. They are a .500 team and has shown improvement in the past two weeks. But there are 12 games to go. It's hard to see the Jets maintaining this stretch of good play beyond this week against the Browns. The schedule gets much tougher. Let's see how they look against the Patriots, Falcons, Chiefs and Broncos.
The point about his coaching staff is a good one. This looks like a better-coached teamer than last year. Dennard Wilson has made a big difference as the secondary coach. Passes are no longer sailing over DBs' heads. I also think offensive coordinator John Morton has done a really good job. Give Bowles credit for making those fixes on his staff.
ra (@_radavis)
is Leonard's slowish start cause for concern?
No. Leonard Williams does not have any sacks yet, but he played really well last week. He nearly got Blake Bortles in overtime, but Bortles scrambled away from him and ended up throwing it away to avoid the sack. Williams was hampered by a wrist injury early in the season, but I think he's feeling better. His play has improved in recent weeks. He has been a beast against the run.
Matt Giola (@giolabeans)
If Jets get pick from 7-10 would they draft Josh Allen or would they maybe try to trade a 2nd round pick for Jacoby Brissett?
Allen all the way. Why would you give up a second-round draft pick for a player who shows promise but has not really proven himself?
Adam B. (@wa2k_1999)
The special teams play seems to have improved from last year. Is this due more to new players, Brant Boyer improving, or both? #NYJ
The special teams had a good game last week, but don't forget that they had a huge gaffe in Oakland. I think Boyer is a very good coach, but he's only as good as his players. Chandler Catanzaro and Lachlan Edwards came through with big plays in overtime last week after struggling earlier in the game. The coverage teams have been good. But isn't it time the Jets get a kick or punt return for a touchdown? It's been a long time (2012 for both).
Chiqui Rodriguez (@chiquirods19)
Why hasn't Forte to Vikes happened yet?
Rick Jobin (@JOBES72)
once healthy does Forte have any trade value, even for a low (6th) round pick? You'd think the Vikes would be interested?
I think everyone can forget about Matt Forte getting traded now that he has a turf toe. Those injuries linger. I can't see him being 100 percent before the trade deadline. Plus, he has not been that impressive when he's played. Teams that need running backs will go with cheaper options in free agency like the Vikings just did by signing Stevan Ridley.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's former close friend and benefactor, Las Vegas casino magnate Sheldon Adelson, has made the biggest donation to Birthright in its history and given the organization $70 million on the occasion of the 70th anniversary of the establishment of the State of Israel.
Adelson and his wife Dr. Miriam Adelson have provided massive financial support to the Birthright program which brings young Jewish adults from the Jewish world to Israel on free educational trips, amounting to a total of $410 million.
The donation was made at Birthright's annual gala dinner where a total of $125 million was raised, including the Adelsons' gift, a donation of $2 million from businessman and former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg and contributions from another 650 private donors.Birthright said that it would now be able to break its record number of visits by Jewish youth to Israel and reach 50,000 participants in the coming year. The organization has brought some 600,000 young Jewish adults from 66 countries to Israel since it was founded in 1999.“Before the founding of the State of Israel, my father told me that he always dreamed about a state for Jews and wanted to go to the Land of Israel, but when the time came and I could help him get there he said he was too old and too ill.” Adelson said during his speech at the event.“I think it is the right from birth of all Jews to go to Israel and I don't want any young Jewish person in the world to say that he is too old or sick to visit Israel.”At the end of the event, Birthright founders Charles Bronfman and Michael Steinhardt presented the Adelsons with the Birthright “Guardians of the Jewish Future” award for their generosity to the project.
Coronation Street's action-packed week continues tonight – Thursday 31 May – when evil Pat Phelan takes revenge and fires a gun after storming round to Eileen Grimshaw's house – but who will be left fighting for their lives?
Advertisement
Having broken free of his incarceration at the builder's yard where Gary Windass was holding him hostage, fuming Phelan is armed and dangerous as he turns up at his wife's place leaving her reeling as she still believes he fell to his death after their lighthouse showdown at Easter.
Forcing his way inside, Phelan is desperate to see his newborn grandson Zack, but a life-or-death situation ensues as the baddie builder is faced with all the people he blames for turning against him – Eileen, daughter Nicola Rubinstein and ex-apprentice Seb Franklin.
New pictures from this evening's episode show the trio trying to overpower Phelan, but as the tense stand-off spirals into violence the gun goes off and the first casualty of Corrie's 9pm week is claimed – but who is it?
On Friday 1 June, Phelan ends up in the bistro where he eventually holds Michelle Connor and Robert Preston's wedding party hostage, when another victim is claimed – get ready for some bloodshed on the cobbles…
Advertisement
Visit our dedicated Coronation Street page for all the latest news, interviews and spoilers.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions has decided against recusing himself from the investigation into President Donald Trump's personal lawyer, Michael Cohen, but will consider stepping back from specific questions tied to the probe, according to a person familiar with the matter.
By contrast, Sessions recused himself from the investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 election that's now led by Special Counsel Robert Mueller, a decision that angered Trump and left Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein in charge of the inquiry.
Sessions, who was a top adviser to Trump's presidential campaign, announced in March 2017 that he had decided he should steer clear of “any matters arising from the campaigns” for president. Trump has called Sessions weak for doing so and said he never would have named him as attorney general had he known the recusal would follow.
Entitled to Briefings
By staying involved in the Cohen probe, Sessions is entitled to briefings on the status of the investigation, which is being conducted by the U.S. Attorney's Office of the Southern District of New York. That could put Sessions in the position of being asked by Trump, who strongly condemned the FBI raid on his longtime lawyer, to divulge information about the Cohen investigation.
Michael Cohen arrives at Federal Court in New York on April 16. Photographer: Victor J. Blue/Bloomberg
Sessions could also weigh in on specific decisions by prosecutors, including whether to pursue subpoenas and indictments. The attorney general may be asked about his role in the Cohen investigation when he testifies before congressional panels on Wednesday and Thursday.
The investigation into Cohen's finances and past work was opened based in part on a referral from Mueller.
The Justice Department declined to comment specifically about decisions on recusal in the Cohen investigation, saying only that Sessions follows appropriate procedures.
‘Matter-By-Matter Basis'
“The attorney general considers his potential recusal on a matter-by-matter basis as may be needed,” the department said in a statement. “To the extent a matter comes to the attention of his office that may warrant consideration of recusal, the attorney general would review the issue and consult with the appropriate Department ethics experts.”
But Geoffrey Berman, the U.S. attorney in the Southern District of New York, has recused himself from the Cohen probe, according to a U.S. official. It's unclear what triggered his recusal.
Rosenstein, as the No. 2 official at the Justice Department, is responsible for coordinating and resolving any conflicts between the Mueller probe and the Cohen investigation.
In a sign of how senior Justice Department officials can become involved in investigative matters, Rosenstein approved an FBI raid earlier this month on Cohen's home, office and hotel room that seized a trove of information.
‘Terrible Mistake'
Trump denounced the raid as “an attack on what we all stand for” and repeated that it was a “terrible mistake” for Sessions to recuse himself from the Mueller probe.
The absence of a full recusal from the Cohen investigation means that Sessions can weigh in on certain matters related to the investigation that reach Justice Department headquarters, said Stanley Twardy, a former U.S. attorney for Connecticut who's now a white-collar criminal defense lawyer at the law firm Day Pitney LLP.
There are no hard rules governing when Sessions would need to step aside, and decisions will depend on the specific issues at hand, Twardy said. “It's a question of what Sessions has decided to do," Twardy said.
However, there are multiple layers protecting the integrity of the Cohen investigation, Twardy said. For example, the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York is fiercely independent and comprised of career prosecutors Trump can't fire. The Cohen probe is being overseen by Robert Khuzami, Berman's deputy and a former Securities and Exchange Commission enforcement director.
The FBI is also involved in the investigation, and there's a grand jury that can make independent decisions -- all of which help insulate the probe from any political interference, Twardy said.
There'll be sorrow for corrupt people, says Olukoya
General Overseer of Mountain of Fire and Miracles Ministries Worldwide, Dr. Daniel Kolawole Olukoya has sounded a stern warning to corrupt people, saying they will “reap multiple sorrow”.
Olukoy spoke early yesterday while giving a 40-point prediction to spiritually guide Christians for 2017.
He addressed worshippers at the MFM's Prayer City at a service to herald into 2017.
He declared 2017 as one of deep sorrow for the wicked, adding that it's also a year of confused noises and meaningless storm.
According to him, 2017 will “experience redemption in contention, while it is blowing heavenly final whistle against those attacking genuine God's people, as several foundations of satanic problems will expire”.
Noting that prayers would be required to avoid convulsion of the earth, in the form of earthquakes, hurricane, tsunami, he warned that lots of prayers would be required for nations treating the word of God with disdain.
Giving the theme for 2017 as ‘Year of Indisputable Victory and Uncommon Deliverance ‘, Olukoya predicted that the New Year would witness fighting between the roads and road users, as well as experience incredible and energy sapping battles.
He predicted that satanic recruitment to capture and cage innocent young girls into foreign sects would be rampant, as sexual perversion is already on the rise and warned that the year is a bad one for fornicators and adulterers.
Olukoya gave ten key survival strategies to hold on to in the year to include living a holy life, desist from unbelief, set a goal, be persistent, always seek divine directive and being filled with the Holy Ghost.
Other keys are to disengage from unprofitable friends, being generous to God, locating one's weaknesses and addressing them, as well as becoming a prayer and Bible addict.
The post There'll be sorrow for corrupt people, says Olukoya appeared first on The Nation Nigeria.
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
It's the stuff of spy novels. North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un's older half-brother Kim Jong Nam died mysteriously at the Kuala Lumpur airport, and both South Korean and Malaysian media report it was likely some sort of poison attack.
Several questions surround his suspicious death, but perhaps the biggest is: Who would want Kim Jong Nam dead?
The eldest Kim brother has led a quiet existence outside North Korea for decades, except for making headlines when he tried to enter Japan in 2001 on a fake passport. He later said he was trying to go to Tokyo Disneyland.
That Kim has remained out of the limelight is rather remarkable given he's the son of Kim Jong Il, North Korea's notorious former dictator.
"You would live anonymously too if people were gunning for you," says Michael Madden, a visiting scholar at Johns Hopkins School of Advanced International Studies who runs the site North Korean Leadership Watch.
"Kim Jong Nam has lived a very leisurely life, primarily in a condo that the Kim family owns in Macau," Madden says. Kim is widely known for his love of gambling and clubs. Madden also says Kim Jong Nam manages the family's personal fortune overseas, which includes homes in Singapore, Beijing and Paris.
Kim's fate took a turn Monday morning, while he was in transit at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport. Something caused Kim's sudden death.
Malaysian media are showing closed-circuit camera images in which two women cover a traveler's face with cloth. Police say emergency responders rushed the man, whose travel documents identified him as "Kim Chol," to the hospital, but he died en route.
"It probably is the strangest story that I have encountered about North Korean elites and the Kim family and Kim family politics," Madden says.
In South Korea Tuesday, Unification Ministry spokesman Jeong Joon-hee confirmed the identity of the dead traveler.
"The government is certain that the murdered individual is Kim Jong Nam. We have not confirmed the exact cause of death," Jeong said.
Kim could have died of natural causes, given his sedentary lifestyle and the family's reported issues with gout and high blood pressure. But if he was killed, theories run the gamut as to why.
Some believe Kim was punished for skimming from the family fortune he handled, or that he was the scapegoat in a power play by elites wanting to get back into leader Kim Jong-un's good graces. But they're all just guesses, says Madden.
"Nobody knows, and I don't think we will know the full story about the death of Kim Jong Nam for many years," he says.
As with so much about North Korea, even a man's demise is dressed in mystery.
Haeryun Kang contributed to this post from Seoul. Chan Kok Leong contributed to this post from Kuala Lumpur.
Two desperate drug addicts who robbed a disabled pensioner on a bus of his wallet containing £200 and his bus pass have been jailed.
James Birchall, 24, and Robert Mason, 25, targeted the 65-year-old man as the public service vehicle travelled between Selkirk and Galashiels on the afternoon of May 2. CCTV showed Birchall going to sit beside the man, who has learning difficulties and a mental age of 14 – despite there being plenty of empty seats on the bus.
Selkirk Sheriff Court heard the victim was wearing loose jogging-style trousers with large pockets, and the wallet would have been seen and easy to remove.
The bus company footage showed Birchall handing over the wallet across the aisle to where Mason was sitting.
When the OAP noticed his wallet was gone, Birchall responded by patting his pockets to indicate he did not have it.
The man reported the incident to the driver as he was concerned he would not get home without his bus pass. Police were alerted and Birchall and Mason identified from the CCTV.
When Mason was detained by police he was found to be in possession of £410. Officers intended to refund the pensioner of his £200, but Mason refused to sign a disclaimer form allowing him to get his money back. But procurator fiscal Graham Fraser authorised for the £200 to be returned to the victim.
Lawyers for Birchall and Mason, who live in Selkirk, said they suffered from drug addictions and the crime was an act of desperation.
Sheriff Peter Paterson told both accused they knew full well what they were doing when they stole the wallet from the disabled man.
Birchall – who is currently serving an eight-month prison sentence for a series of charity box thefts to feed his habit – was given 158 days, starting in September when he was due to be released.
Mason was sentenced to 220 days, backdated to May 5 when he was first remanded in custody in connection with the matter.
12/11/17 – 5:16 A.M.
The investigation continues today after a Sunday fire killed a woman in Fostoria. Firefighters responded to a home at 295 Boston Avenue around 2:30 p.m. Interim Fire Chief Brian Herbert says they found the body of a woman in the bedroom of the home.
The cause of the fire remains under investigation, but authorities don't believe there was foul play involved. The State Fire Marshall's Office is helping with the investigation because someone was killed in the blaze.
Barbara Bui, Nanette Lepore among the hottest sales of the week #8 New York 401 Broadway, between Lispenard and Walker streets, Suite 511 Sale: Nov. 19-21. Wed.-Fri. 11 a.m.-7 p.m. Discounts on handbags, jewelry, small leather goods and more. Campos tote...
Lisa Perry, Tibi among the hottest sales of the week #8 New York 401 Broadway, between Lispenard and Walker streets, Suite 511 Sale: Nov. 19-21. Wed.-Fri. 11 a.m.-7 p.m. Discounts on handbags, jewelry, small leather goods and more. Campos tote...
Uber Faces Major Fallout from Massive Hack, Alleged Cover-Up
Uber's admission that it took more than a year to disclose the theft of personal data from 57 million customers and drivers has now drawn two lawsuits and a federal probe.
Compounding the ride-hailing titan's woes are news reports that it paid the hackers $100,000 to destroy the pilfered data, and that its new CEO knew about the breach for more than two months before revealing it to customers and drivers.
The hack and its fallout are just the latest problems to strike a firm that is already a target for harsh criticism about its management -- from claims it fostered a reckless, misogynist company culture that led to sexual harassment and bullying, to revelations about use of secret technology for evading authorities' oversight, to a trade-secrets lawsuit by Google self-driving spinoff Waymo, and an $8.9 million fine levied Nov. 20 by Colorado over drivers with serious criminal and driving-infraction records.
The beleaguered San Francisco company's latest personal-data trouble started in October 2016, when hackers broke into its systems and downloaded names, email addresses and cell phone numbers of 57 million Uber customers, along with names and driver's license numbers of some 600,000 U.S. Uber drivers, according to statements from the company.
Such information is commonly used for identity theft, which can result in criminals obtaining credit cards and loans in victims' names, or looting their bank accounts.
It wasn't until Tuesday that Uber, in a statement from CEO Dara Khosrowshahi, revealed the breach to customers, drivers and the public. And according to a new report, Khosrowshahi had learned of the hack two weeks after he took the reins of the company Sept. 5, according to the Wall Street Journal, which cited unnamed people said to be familiar with the matter.
In his Tuesday statement disclosing the 2016 hack, Khosrowshahi said he had "recently" learned of it.
The breach, and Uber's response to it, drew two lawsuits soon after the company announced it had been hacked. Both suits seek class-action status.
On Tuesday, Alejandro Flores of Los Angeles launched a suit on behalf of himself and people who were Uber customers or drivers at the time of the breach. The legal action takes aim at the gap of more than a year between Uber's discovery of the hack and its public disclosure.
"Customers, and drivers had no chance to protect their identity and their information," said the suit filed in Central District of California U.S. District Court.
Flores also claims credit card and Social Security numbers were stolen, along with dates of birth. If true, that would put customers and drivers at increased risk of identity theft and fraud.
Khosrowshahi had said in his statement that the company's "outside forensic experts" found no indication that dates of birth, or credit card or Social Security numbers were taken.
Uber did not immediately respond to a question about whether those types of data were stolen, or to additional questions about the breach and the company's response. The lawyers representing Flores did not immediately respond to a request for information about the claims of stolen birth dates and credit card and Social Security numbers.
The other lawsuit, filed Wednesday by Danyelle Townsend and Ken Tew, highlights an allegation in a Nov. 21 Bloomberg report that Uber -- under previous CEO Travis Kalanick -- had paid the hackers to delete the stolen data and keep quiet about it.
"Rather than alerting regulators, law enforcement and victims of the Data Breach, Uber sought to conceal the Data Breach by paying the hackers $100,000 to destroy the stolen data and to promise to keep the Data Breach secret from the public and regulators," the suit filed in Northern California U.S. District Court said.
This legal action also includes claims about personal data beyond what Uber has admitted was stolen.
"Also potentially at risk are additional pieces of personally identifiable information generally available in Uber customer accounts including: location history, credit card numbers, bank account numbers, Social Security Numbers, dates of birth and other information," the suit claims.
Fallout from the hack goes beyond the courts. The Federal Trade Commission said it was "closely evaluating the serious issues raised" by the breach, Reuters reported Wednesday.
The huge hack is not the first data-security issue to put Uber into authorities' sights. In August, the FTC announced that it had reached a settlement with Uber after a hacker accessed names and driver's license numbers of more than 100,000 drivers in 2014. Uber had failed to take "reasonable, low-cost measures" to properly secure its database, the FTC said. In the settlement, Uber agreed to 20 years of independent audits to certify it had an effective privacy program.
That data breach also led to a settlement between Uber and New York's attorney general, which included a $20,000 fine for failing to provide drivers and authorities with timely notice of the hack.
The legal and regulatory problems come as Uber readies itself to go public in 2019, and negotiates with SoftBank over a multi-billion-dollar investment that would give the Japanese tech titan a 14 percent to 20 percent stake in Uber, which is valued at nearly $70 billion.
Although Uber waited until this week to publicly disclose the massive breach of customer and driver data, it told SoftBank about the hack about three weeks earlier, according to the Wall Street Journal.
© 2017 San Jose Mercury News under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock.
May Interest You:
New cars come equipped with safety systems. But how about all the other cars that are more than a year old? No worries... There are plenty of car safety features that are available, affordably, for ALL cars, not just new ones. See products that are available for YOUR car at: Make My Car Safe, the premium online seller of car safety products for ALL cars.
Buy stocks over credit, but do so with caution, Wright says
Treasury bears may be in hibernation and the February equity rout behind them, but investors had better get used to lackluster returns.
So say Goldman Sachs Group Inc. strategists who warn higher volatility will sap equity gains while bonds lose their hedging potency.
“This moderation in risk-adjusted returns has begun to play out quickly, in
particular due to the low-vol regime fading and equity/bond return correlations
becoming positive,” Goldman strategists led by Ian Wright wrote in a note Friday.
From rising rates to slowing growth, risks are multiplying. That leaves those who rely on a traditional stock-bond portfolio split in developed markets most exposed as asset classes that had once once balanced each other out now fall together.
One proxy for the industry's prospects, the DFA Global Allocation 60/40 portfolio, illustrates the shift. Last year, benign stock-bond correlations and an unstoppable bull market pushed 30-day volatility to a record low of 2.5 percent. Now, realized price swings stand at an elevated 11.6 percent -- compared with a 9 percent post-crisis average -- crimping returns adjusted for risk.
Goldman recommends equities over credit “given the growth impulse has already led to a large tightening in credit spreads.” But even stocks should be taken with caution because earnings may succumb to growth disappointments.
“Just as we would recommend staying invested in risk and ‘buying dips' in equity while growth remains strong, we would recommend buying smaller correction hedges at times when vol resets lower, in case rate or especially growth concerns rise,” Goldman strategists wrote.
Regardless of the market direction, volatility-adjusted returns in 2018 now look modest relative to expectations earlier in the year.
Goldman's warning resonates with a growing consensus on Wall Street that sees clouds over the growth outlook.
The U.S. economy is in the “twilight of the mid cycle” and investors should brace for the possibility it's edging toward a recession, JPMorgan Chase & Co. warned last week, even as its strategists remained largely bullish on risk.
HSBC Holdings Inc. also sounded a note of caution. “Markets have entered a transition phase which reduces risk-adjusted returns, but are not in a new regime yet," strategists led by Pierre Blanchet wrote earlier this month.
The House of Representatives Committee on Public Petitions last Tuesday issued an arrest warrant against the Acting Chairman of the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), Mr Ibrahim Magu for refusing to appear before it.
The Committee had severally invited Magu to appear before it on a petition by former first lady, Mrs Patience Jonathan.
It said that Magu should be arrested and presented before it on Nov. 7, after his failure to appear before the panel despite several invitations.
Mrs Jonathan had some of her accounts frozen by some banks following an investigation launched by the EFCC. But a Federal High Court sitting in Lagos ordered that all the accounts should be unfrozen.
The former first lady consequently sent a petition to the House against the EFCC, the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA), among others, alleging harassment from them.
At the continuation of sitting on the petition in Abuja, the committee, which gave Magu up to Oct. 4 to appear, lamented that the EFCC chairman was nonchalant on the matter.
The panel, chaired by Rep Uzoma Nkem-Abonta (Abia-PDP), said it had sent several letters inviting the EFCC chairman to appear and clear the air on the directive the commission gave some banks to freeze Mrs Jonathan's accounts.
A member of the committee, Rep Kingsley Chinda ( PDP-Rivers), consequently moved that a bench warrant be issued against Magu to appear before the panel on the next adjourned date.
All the members of the committee present at the sitting supported the motion.
The chairman of the committee then ruled that a bench warrant be issued against Magu.
Meanwhile, the committee directed Mrs Jonathan's lawyers to sit with the managements of Zenith Bank, Eco Bank, First Bank and Fidelity Bank to address the issue of the court order asking the banks to unfreeze her accounts.
The committee also discharged Union Bank as it fully complied with an earlier directive to unfreeze Mrs Jonathan's accounts.
The committee had a fortnight ago directed all the affected banks to unfreeze Mrs Jonathan's accounts that do not have any pending court orders or official communication from the EFCC to do so.
More than two hundred people have been killed and hundreds more are still missing after torrential rains on the outskirts of Sierra Leone's capital Freetown caused a mountainside to collapse onto a residential community.
A government morgue has received 205 bodies from the mudslide, and at least 71 injured people have been transferred to hospitals, Abu Bakarr Tarawallie, the head of communications for Sierra Leone's Red Cross Society, tells The Two-Way.
Some 600 people remain unaccounted for as rescuers continue digging through the mountain of mud to find survivors and recover bodies, Tarawallie said.
"It is likely that hundreds are lying dead underneath the rubble," Sierra Leone's Vice President Victor Foh told Reuters while visiting the scene of the mudslide. "This disaster is so serious that I feel myself broken. ... We're trying to cordon the area. Evacuate the people."
Tarawallie says recovery efforts face serious challenges. "We are not sure if we will be able to recover all of them considering the herculean task of reaching them out of the depths of the huge mud brought down by the slide," Tarawallie says. "We're not sure of the capacity that exists for them to be reached before they decompose."
Video posted by the Sierra Leone Broadcasting Corporation show strong, churning rivers of mud flowing down streets and through houses. "It appears many people were still sleeping when heavy rains triggered the mudslide which engulfed the area," NPR's Ofeibea Quist-Arcton reported.
The damage is extreme, says International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies Programme Coordinator Abdul Nasir: "In places, entire communities seem to have been washed away and whatever is left is covered in mud," he said.
Up to 3,000 people are believed to have lost their homes, Tarawallie says. "It is estimated that over 100 houses are affected, and about 25 houses were submerged in the mud."
Efforts to aid the people who have lost their homes have been "a little bit chaotic," he says. "No organized structure or shelter has been put in place for them." He says that the Red Cross is currently working on a response to help the people who have survived the mudslide.
Reuters spoke with Salimatu Bangura, who lives in the flooded area and lost her brother this morning. "We were asleep when we heard the noise of one of the walls falling down. By the time we got up water was flowing in and the whole house was flooded," she said.
Tarawallie stresses that Sierra Leone regularly experiences floods and mudslides due to heavy downpours. He adds: "The only particularity of this is that it is unprecedented that for the first time we are having this magnitude of impact and huge loss of property and lives."
According to the wire service, deforestation and poor urban planning have exacerbated the dangers in Sierra Leone during the rainy season.
"There is little to no urban planning going on in the city at all levels of society," Jamie Hitchen of the Africa Research Institute told The Guardian. "The government is failing to provide housing for the poorest in society. There is a chronic housing deficit in the city and the issues only get discussed on an annual basis when flooding happens and [it] comes into the spotlight."
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
A 26-year-old man who drove at over 100mph on the motorway because he was ‘dying for the toilet' was banned from driving for two weeks last Wednesday at Craigavon Magistrates Court.
Pavel Mensik, whose address was given to the court as Tandragee Road, Portadown, was also fined £150 and ordered to pay a £15 offender's levy for excess speed on November 30 last year.
The court heard that he was detected travelling at 102mph on the motorway between the Craigavon and Portadown junctions.
When stopped and cautioned by police the defendant was reported to have said: “I was dying for the toilet.”
Mensik pleaded guilty himself in court.
District Judge, Mrs Bernie Kelly, said there was no reason to be travelling at 102mph.
Imposing the two week ban the judge said it was to mark the seriousness of the matter.
TUESDAY: We'll have a mostly sunny skies through the day with mild high temperatures reaching the lower 70s. It will be gorgeous to get out and about this afternoon with just a slight northerly breeze at 6-10 mph.
TONIGHT: Clouds will gradually increase overnight as temperatures fall into the upper 40s with a light wind out of the north. We will remain dry through the night.
EXTENDED: Two rounds of rainfall look possible this week, as upper level systems track through the region both Wednesday and Thursday night. Skies will be mostly cloudy Wednesday and it will be cooler with highs in the lower 60s and a chance of light showers. The best chance of rain Wednesday will be in areas west of HWY 63 and south of I-70 with the highest rainfall amounts up to a tenth inch near I-44. Thursday will start off dry with some sunshine and high temperatures reaching close to 70. A cold front moving through Thursday night will bring another chance of showers by mid-evening and overnight, ending by Friday morning. Friday will be cooler with high temperatures near 60. Trends continue to show one of the nicest weekends we've seen in quite some time, with highs in the low to mid 70s under sunny skies. Stay tuned to ABC 17 for the latest forecast and updates.
DOWNEY (CBSLA) — A heartbroken Army veteran received good news Tuesday when he learned that his service dog, who had been stolen Saturday night in Downey, was found safe in Anaheim.
“Marcee is home!!!!!!” veteran Apolonio E. Munoz III wrote on his Facebook page Tuesday afternoon. “I got a call not too long ago from Downey PD that she was found by someone in Anaheim, that she was seen in a local park. They asked me to come by the station and see if this was Marcee; I get there and she was excited to see me. She's now home safe in her bed, won't leave my side and the roommate's dog is snuggled up with her giving her lots of attention and kisses.”
On Sunday, the 34-year-old Iraq war veteran explained in a Facebook post that while at an Arco gas station in the 10800 block of Lakewood Boulevard, his red Honda Civic was stolen Saturday night and Marcee — his 10-year-old pit bull mix — was inside.
Munoz went on to explain that Marcee was in training to be a service dog in order to help him cope with post-traumatic stress disorder.
“Thank you to everyone that helped bring her home, both Marcee and I are truly grateful to everyone for their help and support during this difficult time,” Munoz wrote. “Now that she's home, life can start to normalize and hopefully soon my car will also be found.”
While Munoz is relieved Marcee has been returned to him safely, his car — a red 2012 Honda Civic with California plate 7DAE374 — is still missing.
Anyone with information in the case was urged to contact Downey police at (562) 861-0771.
(© Copyright 2018 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. City News Service contributed to this report.)ted. Wire services contributed to this report.)
Dan Duet's “Called to Serve” resonates with anyone ‘called to be Franciscan'. It was inspired by a priest celebrating his 40th Jubilee in the San Antonio Archdiocese. “This priest is from Ireland, so I wrote “Called to Serve” from the point of view of someone willing to follow God's Will no matter where it would lead them… in a far-away land called America.” Said Duet “Anyone who writes to me can receive the song for free – dan@danduet.com”
Reflecting on her song “Be Love” Laura Marie said “Since I was a young girl, the prayer of St. Francis has always deeply moved me. There is such beautiful humility in it.… Our purpose is to be of service and it is what we do for each other that matters. Whenever I am lost or in doubt, the prayer reminds me, instructs me as to how I should respond… To ‘be love' is to hold the presence of love in this world and I believe the world desperately needs that from all of us.”
Postulant Megan Kugel wrote “The lyrics are a calming, and yet profound call to action for all of us walking in our vocations.”
A South Texas native, Laura Marie grew up steeped in poetry and music. Earlier, she found herself studying marine biology at UT Austin and setting aside her calling. Always coming back to the artistic path, she eventually earned her degree in music education and paid her dues playing in bands in San Antonio and beyond.
Awards and accolades include the OurStage Texas Lilith Fair Competition in 2010 and a Regional Finalist in the Mountain Stage NewSong Contest. “I am an artist. I'm saying what I need to say.”
The Franciscan Sisters of Christian Charity serve in Catholic Health Care, Education and Parish-Community Service in dioceses in the Southwest, Central and Upper Midwest.
Are you a Discerning Catholic Woman in Texas or the U.S.? Let us know preferred retreat dates https://fscc-calledtobe.org/we-invite-you/
About Franciscan Sisters of Christian Charity
Franciscan Sisters of Christian Charity serve in Catholic Health Care, Education, Parishes and Campus Ministry outreach in the Southwest, Central and Upper Midwest United States. Learn more about the Franciscan Sisters' latest ministries and vocations at https://fscc-calledtobe.org
The Mad Ants were feeling anything but warm and fuzzy on Valentine's Day, not after a 120-109 loss tonight to the Canton Charge that gave them their first three-game losing streak of the season.
“I don't know if everyone is just upset because it's Valentine's Day and no one has anyone to go home to or something,” coach Steve Gansey said, trying to draw a chuckle after a game with more frustration than fun.
His team uncharacteristically lost its cool with the officials – Jonathan Sterling, Ryan Sassano and Natalie Sago – after they gave Fort Wayne four technical fouls for arguing calls and one for delay of game, along with two flagrant fouls, with all but a Stephan Hicks technical coming in the fourth quarter.
The Mad Ants (19-13), who were led by Hicks' 19 points and 15 apiece from Jarrod Uthoff and Ben Bentil, didn't trail until Quinn Cook's 3-pointer with 6:18 remaining in the game. The Mad Ants, who are off for the all-star break until Feb. 22, when they play at Westchester, New York, squandered a 14-point third-quarter lead in front of 1,912 fans at Memorial Coliseum.
The Charge (19-15), who is trying to catch Fort Wayne for second place in the Central Division, was paced by Cook's 36 points and Eric Moreland's 24.
Rookie Alex Poythress, who had just four points, will compete in the All-Star Game and the Dunk Contest on Saturday in New Orleans.
As the Mad Ants struggle to find their killer instinct, Julyan Stone, who had 12 points and 10 assists, said the onus falls on the leaders, himself and Trey McKinney Jones, to get them headed in the right direction.
“We've got to go back to basics, at the end of the day,” Stone said. “We started out hot at the beginning of the season. We were playing our style of basketball, we were playing just basic basketball, and I think we've got to get back to that and get that chemistry back. We've got to be able to close out games. But it's hard right now. We're going through a rough patch, losing two out of three and stuff like that. That's not what good teams do and I think we're understanding that now.”
Video highlights are above.
Disclaimer
UNCUT Magazine does not store any files. Everything posted on this site is for promotional use only. Files downloaded should be kept for no longer then 24 hours and then deleted. Please support the artists and buy their music. All music and videos are copyrights to the original owners.
Read E-Editions: Subscribe today!
Click Here
or log in to your account:
Username or Email Address
Password
Remember Me
Lost your password?
← Back to The Apopka Chief Newspaper
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Hundreds of West Midlands Police officers are to be sent to London for Donald Trump's visit.
400 officers will help maintain law and order in the capital as protesters greet Mr Trump.
And that creates a major headache for West Midlands Police, which is already struggling to cope with cuts to police numbers.
The force will have to ask officers to work overtime, either because they are sent to London or because they are covering for absent colleagues here in the West Midlands.
Officers will then be owed days off in the future, creating a logistical nightmare for police chiefs. A total of 1,000 "rest days" are expected.
MP Jack Dromey said West Midlands Police was being asked to send officers to London when they are needed here.
Mr Dromey (Lab Erdington) said: "Donald Trump is an unwelcome visitor to Britain.
"At least he's not coming to Birmingham.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
"But Birmingham and the West Midlands will have to send down south 400 police officers to guard him, just when the public here in our region need those police officers to ensure their safety and security."
Mr Trump is expected to fly into the UK on Thursday July 12.
During his the three-day trip, he will meet with Theresa May at Chequers and the Queen at Windsor Castle.
A major "Stop Trump" protest is to take place in central London on Friday 13 July.
Protesters will march down Oxford Circus and down Regent Street before holding a rally in Trafalgar Square from 5pm to 7pm.
Although protests were planned as soon as the visit was suggested, opposition to Mr Trump may be particularly fierce after it emerged that children had been separated from their parents at detention centres for undocumented migrants in the US.
The high level of security required for the visit means London's Metropolitan Police is to receive help from other forces.
The Home Office will pay for extra costs incurred by West Midlands Police, but cannot replace missing personell.
Official figures show the number of violent crimes recorded by West Midlands Police rose from 42,280 in the 12 months up to December 2010, to 52,176 in the 12 months up to December 2017.
At the same time, the number of police officers fell from 8,626 to 6,758.
FILE - In this Oct. 18, 2017, file photo Sen. Patty Murray, D-Wash., the ranking member, and Sen. Lamar Alexander, R-Tenn., chairman of the Senate Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions Committee, talk before the start of a hearing on Capitol Hill in Washington. The polarizing politics of abortion have burst into the congressional budget debate, overwhelming bipartisan efforts to help millions of consumers who buy their own health insurance policies get relief from soaring premiums. Lawmakers of both parties have been negotiating over a health insurance stabilization bill for months, and some experts estimate such legislation could reduce premiums by 20 percent to 40 percent, after two years of relentless increases. One of the leading Democratic negotiators, Murray, on March 19, 2018, called the Republican offer “partisan,” adding that it came as a surprise. J. Scott Applewhite, File AP Photo
Sign up for Meridian's Free Newsletter, please CLICK HERE
Find Your Family Names: A First Time Guide is a 4-fold card designed to get the entire family involved in family history. This card, and the accompanying online experience, provides a simple guided path to help you get started with your family history and find family names of ancestors who need temple ordinances.
It includes a flowchart to help people at any stage of family history research have a personal experience with family history and temple service including finding family names, taking family names to the temple, and tips for teaching others how to do family history.
Broadband customers could find it easier to walk away from a contract without penalty if the speed provided is not up to scratch under plans unveiled by the regulator.
Ofcom said the proposed moves should "strengthen the hand" of broadband customers, giving them more realistic information up front before they sign a contract.
It said there can be a mismatch between what broadband customers believe they are buying and what they actually receive.
It is proposing to enhance codes of practice which commit internet companies who have signed up to them to give customers an estimated range of speeds they are likely to receive - as well as the right to exit their contracts penalty-free if their speed falls below a minimum level.
The proposals would give providers up to one month to improve speeds before they must let customers walk away without penalty.
The right to exit would apply, for the first time, to contracts with phone or pay-TV services bought by households alongside broadband.
Ofcom said it expects to publish a final decision on the improved codes of practice early next year.
Lindsey Fussell, Ofcom's consumer group director, said: "We plan to close the gap between what's advertised and what's delivered, giving customers a fuller picture before they commit to a contract.
"We're also making it easier to walk away from a contract, without penalty, when companies fail to provide the speeds they promise."
Gillian Guy, chief executive of Citizens Advice, said: "Many people seek our help each year because their slow and intermittent broadband service falls short of what their contract promised.
"For most people, a reliable broadband connection is a necessity - so when they don't get what they've paid for they should always have a quick and easy way out of their contract.
"These changes are an important step in giving consumers more power to hold their broadband provider to account for poor service."
By JONATHAN LEMIRE, Associated Press
Trump had been under increasing pressure to call out the groups by name after his previous remarks bemoaning violence on “many sides” prompted criticism from fellow Republicans as well as Democrats. The president described members of the KKK, neo-Nazis and white supremacists who take part in violence as “criminals and thugs” in a prepared statement from the White House.
In his remarks he also called for unity.
“We must love each other, show affection for each other and unite together in condemnation of hatred, bigotry and violence. We must rediscover the bonds of love and loyalty that bring us together as Americans,” he said.
His attorney general, Jeff Sessions, said earlier Monday that the violence in which a car plowed into a group of counter-protesters, killing one person, “does meet the definition of domestic terrorism in our statute.”
He told ABC's “Good Morning America”: “You can be sure we will charge and advance the investigation towards the most serious charges that can be brought, because this is an unequivocally unacceptable and evil attack that cannot be accepted in America.”
Sessions said he expects to hear more from Trump on the matter after meeting with him Monday, as well as officials from the FBI. The president added a late-morning meeting with Sessions and FBI director Christopher Wray to his Monday schedule.
“We will not allow these extremist groups to obtain credibility,” Sessions told “CBS This Morning.”
In the hours after the incident on Saturday, Trump addressed the violence in broad strokes, saying that he condemns “in the strongest possible terms this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides, on many sides.”
___
Follow Lemire on Twitter at http://twitter.com/@JonLemire
The see-saw battle of temps will be on full display this weekend.
THIS EVENING: Temps will stay fairly steady as cold air mass starts to depart. Temps will fall only into the upper teens, with wind chill values near 10.
RISING TEMPS OVERNIGHT: As warmer air starts to return, temps will climb after midnight into the low 20s by Daybreak.
MILD SATURDAY: Temps will climb into the upper 30s and lower 40s Saturday, with a brisk SW wind. Snow, and even some rain / snow chances will hold off until around Midnight of after.
SUNDAY SNOW: We will see many hours of snowfall off and on Sunday, but temperatures are going to be key. Most of the day Sunday will see temps at or near 32°. This will cut down on the snowfall totals during those hours, in my opinion. After about 4pm, as colder air arrives, that will be the highest chance of more snow accumulation. Having said that, it looks to be a light snowfall total event. Most places will see 1″-3″ of snow, but I am leaning towards the low-end in most places. Southern Indiana looks to see 1″ or less.
8-DAY FORECAST…WINTER STORM TUESDAY / WEDNESDAY: The next storm system to keep a very close eye on will be Tuesday into Wednesday. This system could bring heavy snow, ice, or even some rain depending on track. Way too early to say who will get what, but keep checking in to the blob over the weekend, for updates and by Monday, should have a pretty good grasp of what may take place. Another clipper looks to arrive late next week.
1:43 CMS School Board comments on recent ICE raids Pause
0:55 PETA says go vegan for your valentine
1:28 Fear among Charlotte's immigrants
0:25 One dead, one injured in uptown shooting
2:13 What does U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement do?
1:04 Statesville Avenue developments
1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch
14:47 Family looks for answers after Josue Diaz fatal shooting
0:34 Nice day to get a Valentine
Off-leash on a lark at Thames Park this week. A lovely time was had by all. Though personally, I would prefer green grass and sunshine, but not my shaggy four-legged mutt. For Irish, the day was a perfect mix of snow and cold, exactly how she likes it.
for the wp challenge :: BELOVED
Advertisements
Meath and Cork dominate Soaring Stars shortlist 06 October 2017
Meath and Westmeath celebrate their All Ireland camogie title wins Meath and Westmeath celebrate their All Ireland camogie title wins
All-Ireland intermediate champions Meath and runners-up Cork have received nine nominations each for the Camogie Association's Soaring Star Awards.
All-Ireland 'premier' junior champions Westmeath have four players shortlisted, while beaten finalists Dublin have two.
At intermediate level, Carlow, Derry, Down and Kildare have all received two nominations each and at 'premier' junior level, Kerry have two players nominated while Waterford and Wicklow both receive one nomination each.
The Soaring Stars will be presented with their awards at the 14th annual All-Stars banquet at Citywest Hotel, Dublin on Saturday, November 4.
The nominees are:
Goalkeepers: Amy Lee (Cork), Niamh McQuillan (Derry), Emily Mangan (Meath)
Full-Back Line: Sarah Harrington (Cork), Niamh Ní Chaoimh (Cork), Leah Weste (Cork), Maria McNally (Down), Niamh Leen (Kerry), Claire Coffey (Meath), Kellie Byrne (Wicklow)
Half-Back Line: Emma Brennan (Carlow), Sarah Buckley (Cork), Gráinne McNicholl (Derry), Gráinne Free (Dublin), Aoife Trant (Kildare), Áine Keogh (Meath), Laura Doherty (Westmeath)
Midfield: Finola Neville (Cork), Patrice Diggins (Kerry), Emer Reilly (Kildare), Cheyenne O'Brien (Meath), Caoimhe McCrossan (Westmeath)
Half-Forward Line: Eleanor Treacy (Carlow), Katelyn Hickey (Cork), Keeva McCarthy (Cork), Amy Gaffney (Meath), Megan Thynne (Meath), Kristina Troy (Meath), Denise McGrath (Westmeath)
Full-Forward Line: Linda Collins (Cork), Niamh Mallon (Down), Aoife Bugler (Dublin), Jane Dolan (Meath), Aoife Minogue (Meath), Kaeisha Tobin (Waterford), Sheila McGrath (Westmeath)
The Villegas brothers wield enormous power in Venezuela — they also represent two sides of an increasingly polarized and angry country. BuzzFeed News spoke to both of them about the delicate balance it takes to remain close.
On one side of the table sat the presenter of one of Venezuela's few remaining opposition-friendly TV networks; on the other was a senior government minister. Like much of what passes for debate in this increasingly divided country, they shouted over each other, made snide remarks under their breath and jabbed fingers violently into the air.
What made the angry exchange particularly tense is the fact that the two men are brothers. Vladimir Villegas hosts a popular TV show on Globovisión — called “Vladimir a la 1” — and regularly invites on government critics, while his younger brother, Ernesto, is in charge of spreading the state's official message as minister for communications and information. The Villegas brothers are, in many ways, a microcosm of Venezuela: deeply polarized between supporters and opponents of President Nicolás Maduro, and increasingly incapable of meeting in the middle. Triple-digit inflation, a shortage of everything from milk to aspirin, and the suspension of regional elections have pushed people onto the street, where more than 120 demonstrators have been killed since April. The brothers' now-infamous exchange came in June, when they had an on-air fight so heated that the hashtag #2VillegasALa1, a play on the show's title, ended up trending on Twitter.
Vladimir, 55, opened the show with a close-up of a camcorder that had been smashed by soldiers during Globovisión's coverage of a demonstration, saying that some of the victims had been hit by tear-gas canisters fired by armed forces. Ernesto, 47, pushed the government line, arguing that some people had been shot by protesters while trying to drive through roadblocks, while others were run over by drivers who swerved to avoid the barricades. As the two argued over who was responsible for the growing death toll during recent anti-government protests, Ernesto exploded, visibly exasperated. “If we're going to speak from a place of anger, I have plenty,” he said. “Surely you do too.” He slammed a stack of files on the table — twice. At times, the two tried to be conciliatory. Vladimir commended his brother for meeting with a group of angry students at the doors of the state-owned television network's headquarters — and allowing their pleas to be broadcast. Ernesto said he wanted “to see if our family relationship, that always puts love first, allows us to contribute to our country,” and stop the bloodshed. But the brothers could not see eye to eye. The tension in the studio was overwhelming, and eventually they both gave up. “I wasted my time, and I made you waste yours,” Ernesto told his brother while the cameras were still rolling. The next day, satirical website El Chigüire Bipolar ran a story about workers at Globovisión ferrying food and water to the brothers who had been arguing in the parking lot for 72 hours. Vladimir and Ernesto did not speak for a month. To find out what it's like for two brothers to stand on opposing sides of an explosive situation, BuzzFeed News spoke to them separately by phone from the capital, Caracas, about familial love and conflict during Venezuela's worst crisis to date. “I love my brother very much. My differences are with the minister of communication,” Vladimir said. Ernesto, meanwhile, said that while they may disagree about politics “the things that unite us far outnumber the ones that separate us.” The Villegas children — 10 of them in all, including two half-siblings — grew up in a staunchly communist household. Their mother, Maja Poljak, was a Jewish Croatian immigrant who fled the Nazis, and their father, Cruz Villegas, a descendent of slaves who was jailed during the Marcos Pérez Jiménez dictatorship in the 1950s. They raised their children to be playful with each other and militant about their leftist convictions. In his collection of poems entitled Jail, Love, Jungle, and Freedom, Cruz wrote about his communist ideals and their legacy on his family: My last thoughts will be noble / Reassurance of the road chosen The road you and I chose / The one our children follow.
Physically, Ernesto and Vladimir have a lot in common. They have the same bushy eyebrows, plump nose and fleshy lips. They even wear similar glasses. But don't tell them they look alike: Vladimir likes to joke that despite being nine years his junior, Ernesto looks older, because “being in government ages” a person. Vladimir praised the trait he most admires in his brother — honesty — and said that “if Ernesto had a clash with the government, he would leave.” Will that moment come? “The threshold is personal. I don't know,” he said. Ernesto has remained close to Maduro even as the leader joked about Venezuelans looking gaunt as a result of widespread food shortages, the number of people arrested for protesting surpassed 3,000, and the attorney general, a former ally who began speaking out against abuses by the state, was ousted by a newly elected citizen's assembly. The government has blamed the US-backed elite in the country for the crisis, a position that was bolstered on Friday when President Donald Trump warned of a possible "military response" to Venezuela's instability. Ernesto and other members of the Maduro government quickly latched onto Trump's statement as proof of the US's schemes. Ernesto said the political differences with Vladimir are only temporary. “They will shrink next to the threat this neofascist outbreak represents,” he said, referring to the United States, ever the more serious of the two brothers. The nine-year age difference meant Vladimir was a father figure for Ernesto, the youngest of the bunch. He changed his brother's diapers and taught him how to walk, ride a bicycle, and drive a car. As adults, both eventually became close to the late president Hugo Chávez, the socialist leader who nationalized the country's oil industry, exploiting high prices to lift many out of extreme poverty while significantly increasing Venezuela's external debt.
Vladimir was a member of Chávez's 1999 constituent assembly, which rewrote the constitution to increase presidential terms from five to six years and to permit immediate reelection. Three years later, he was appointed ambassador to Brazil and then to Mexico. But he split from Chávez in 2007 after the president submitted a proposal allowing unlimited terms in office, fearing that it would lead to an abuse of power. Today, he says he feels more comfortable among the opposition, which won a majority in Congress in 2015. Like his older brother, Ernesto has been zigzagging between politics and journalism since his teenage years. As a reporter, Ernesto interviewed Fidel Castro and wrote a book about the failed 2002 coup in Venezuela. In 2012, one year before Chávez died of cancer and handed the reins to Maduro, he accepted the post of minister of communication and information. Maduro, a 54-year-old former bus driver, has struggled to capitalize on the fervor that Chávez inspired among his followers. Lacking his predecessor's charisma, he has alienated many of Chávez's staunchest supporters, who have begun meeting with opposition leaders. The gulf between the brothers' political views has grown in tandem with the country's accelerated descent into political chaos. “It's like one speaks Cantonese and the other one speaks Croatian,” Vladimir said with a laugh.
Ernesto prefers to focus on the similarities, which include the particular way they blur their words together when they speak and clasp their hands when they get agitated.
“I'm sure that the passion with which Vladimir defends his stances has an identical origin to the passion with which I defend my own,” Ernesto said, adding that their clashes are exacerbated in public. “He has to show that he doesn't agree with me,” said Vladimir. In private, the brothers say, they often diffuse any tension with a joke. They meet at family events and both say they speak on the phone regularly. With his popularity nosediving, Maduro — who was recently sanctioned by the US — held a vote last month to choose 545 members for a new, all-powerful citizen's assembly charged with rewriting the constitution. The election, which made the increasingly weakened opposition-controlled Congress subordinate to the assembly, was questioned by the company that provided the voting technology and deemed fraudulent by regional governments. The brothers stand on either side of that divide, too. They also disagree over whether the military is using excessive force to quell protests and whether freedom of the press is being respected. “We are not doing journalism with the freedom that exists in a democracy,” Vladimir said, before clarifying that he would not go so far as to call Venezuela a dictatorship, a label being used by several governments in the region and around the world. Vladimir knows he's treading a fine line on his show and is careful not to overstep it. He expresses his repudiation for the government while making sure he doesn't jeopardize his public platform. Nonetheless, Vladimir remains an inconvenience for the state: He said his Twitter account was recently hacked by the government. Ernesto has also found himself in thorny moments, his allegiances stretched in opposite directions. During a televised meeting with city councilors in 2013, Maduro described Vladimir as his friend but urged him to leave the opposition and return to the side of the state. Ernesto was sitting in the audience. “I love him like crazy,” he told Maduro when he got his turn on the microphone. “Those who like intrigue won't find one discrediting word between brothers,” Ernesto added.
Earlier this year, the National Telecommunications Commission announced it would suspend Vladimir's show after opposition leader Freddy Guevara called on people to disavow the government during a guest appearance. Vladimir's show is the only one still on TV that has brought on most of the opposition's leaders. After studying the interview closely, Ernesto — who, as minister for communication, could give his opinion on the case but did not have the final word on its outcome — said that he had not found sufficient elements to sanction Vladimir's show. Given the way Venezuela is headed, there will be plenty of opportunities for the Villegas brothers to disagree in the future — but for now, blood is thicker than water. Once enough time had passed after the televised fight and the siblings had made up, Ernesto posted a photograph of himself and Vladimir on Instagram, the siblings sitting side by side, smiling: #familia. Vladimir says he has no plans to bring Ernesto back on the show for now. In the meantime, he's figuring out how to navigate the country's political impasse — and the effect it has on his relationship with his brother. When Ernesto does return to his television studio, “I promise not to throw the binder at him,” Vladimir said. ●
Karla Zabludovsky is the Mexico bureau chief and Latin America correspondent for BuzzFeed News and is based in Mexico City. Contact Karla Zabludovsky at Karla.Zabludovsky@buzzfeed.com. Got a confidential tip? Submit it here.
News moves fast. Keep up with the BuzzFeed News daily email! Sign up Great! You're almost there! Check your inbox and confirm your subscription now!
With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy, it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry. But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone, consumers deci...
By Deborah Schildkraut, Tufts University
Lawmakers in Washington, from the president down to first-term members of Congress, may be misjudging how the public feels about immigration.
President Donald Trump appears to believe the country needs and wants hard-line policies. Members of Congress haven't stopped him from carrying out those policies.
Do the American people really support them?
It turns out that government officials who think the majority of Americans want hard-line immigration policies are wrong.
Elected officials – both Republican and Democratic – tend to think that their constituents are more conservative than they actually are on immigration and other issues. Moreover, recent research suggests that Republican constituents have been more likely to contact their elected officials than Democratic constituents.
Yet, my research on public opinion about immigration, and that of other social scientists, shows that the American public is supportive of more welcoming immigration policies. Welcoming policies might include a pathway to citizenship for undocumented immigrants, accepting more asylum claims or allowing the use of multiple languages in public places.
Most Americans support a path to citizenship
I am a scholar of public opinion about immigration and national identity, and I have studied how people from a variety of backgrounds feel about immigration-driven diversity in the United States.
Let's look at public opinion on one immigration proposal that has been debated for over a decade: providing a path to citizenship for undocumented immigrants living in the U.S.
Since late 2007, polls conducted by CBS and The New York Times have asked respondents which option they prefer when it comes to “illegal immigrants working in the United States.” The options include: allow them to stay in their jobs and eventually apply for U.S. citizenship; allow them to stay only as guest workers but not apply for citizenship; or require them to leave their jobs and the country.
This question has been asked in 31 CBS/New York Times surveys since 2007. In 22 of them, providing a path to citizenship is the majority preference. Support for citizenship has not fallen below 50 percent since 2013. In fact, support has increased over time, a trend that has continued throughout Trump's presidency.
Support for a path to citizenship varies by one's background when it comes to race, gender, education, income, party and ideology. However, support is high across the board, even among those who say they are Republican or conservative.
Of course, this is only one of many immigration policies getting attention these days, and support for other policies varies.
Attitudes on this policy show that Americans are not as divided or as conservative as the discourse coming out of Washington, D.C. might reflect and is becoming even more supportive of the welcoming approach. Yet, providing a path to citizenship is also the primary policy that seems to keep thwarting legislative reform in Congress.
A welcoming climate need not alienate US-born whites
Public officials may be concerned about alienating non-immigrant whites if they pursue welcoming immigration policies. We tried to find out whether that alienation could happen. In a recent experiment, my colleagues and I asked U.S.-born whites in Arizona and New Mexico how they felt about their state adopting more welcoming or restrictive immigration policies.
We asked people if the proposed policy would make them angry, sad or happy. We found that liberal and moderate whites responding to the more welcoming treatment were more likely to be happy and less likely to be angry or sad than were those who were responding to the restrictive treatment.
We also asked them if the proposed policy would make them feel more or less at home and more or less likely to want to move. Again, we found that liberal and moderate whites, in response to the welcoming treatment, felt more at home and less likely to want to move than did liberal and moderate whites who were given the unwelcoming treatment.
Only conservative whites were happier, less angry, less sad and felt more at home in response to restrictive treatment. Every one else fared better when told that their state was considering adopting policies that welcomed immigrants.
It is worth noting that in the 2016 data mentioned above, only 35 percent of whites identified as conservative while 65 percent identified as either liberal, moderate or other.
Squeaky wheel gets the grease
Given these data, why is a conservative approach to immigration dominating in Washington?
In American politics, it is the squeaky wheel that gets the grease. Within the Republican Party, which holds a majority of seats in Congress, voters with more conservative preferences on immigration and other issues have been more active in recent years than other party members. As long as that continues to be the case, Republican politicians will feel that they need to push restrictive immigration policies if they wish to remain in office, even if the majority of their constituents feel otherwise.
As more and more people respond to President Trump's immigration agenda with protests and participation in electoral politics, this asymmetry in engagement may change.
Deborah Schildkraut, Professor of Political Science, Tufts University
This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article.
Trey Songz Arrested On Felony Domestic Violence Charges
It was reported that Trey Songz has been arrested for allegedly hitting a woman at a party in Hollywood. According to the woman, the singer was upset with her because she was talking to another man.
TMZ reported Trey Songz turned himself in, with his lawyer ,Shawn Holley, present. He was booked around 6 a.m. and posted a $50,000 bond shortly after.
Trey Songz took to Twitter and issued a statement on the situation saying “For weeks my lawyers & Mgmt have asked me not to comment on this and I initially agreed but this morning I feel that my fam, the women that raised me, my friends & fans especially the youth need to hear from me. I am being lied on and falsely accused for someone's personal gain.”
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
A free information day for Kildare people looking to upskill, change career, or return to work will take place in the Alexander Hotel, Fenian Street, Dublin 2 on Saturday, 19 August from 12pm to 4pm.
The information session will showcase the free higher education courses that are available through this year's Springboard+ programme.
The government programme, run by the Higher Education Authority, is aimed at upskilling and reskilling job seekers to work in growing enterprise sectors that need skilled personnel. This year over 6,400 free places will be on offer nationwide. Homemakers are eligible to participate in Springboard+ courses for the first time this year and there is also wider availability for those in employment or self-employment who wish to upskill or reskill in the Biopharma,Medtech and ICT sectors.
“The information day is a chance for Kildare people to come along and chat to the colleges and institutions that are providing the Springboard courses and have all their questions answered,” said a spokesperson.
“Career advisors will also be present and trained counsellors on hand to chat to attendees and answer very specific questions that individuals might have. It allows people to check if they're eligible for Springboard+ and also get professional advice about what type of course might suit them best, based on their areas of interest, their previous experience and their future plans.”
The showcase events are open to all. Entrance is free, and no registration or sign-up is required.
Two couples hug each other after a shooting on the Las Vegas Strip. (AP Photo/Marcio Jose Sanchez)
Businesses in Las Vegas are raising money for the victims of the Strip shooting.
Ben & Jerry's
Local Ben & Jerry's shops are raising money for the victims of the Las Vegas shooting.
Four locations in Las Vegas and Henderson will donate 100 percent of the proceeds earned on Saturday to the victims of the shooting.
The participating locations include the shop at The District at Green Valley Ranch, the location inside Sunset Station Hotel and Casino, at the Grand Bazaar Shops at Bally's and the location at Harrah's Las Vegas.
Grand Bazaar Shops
Retailers, bars, and restaurants at the Grand Bazaar SHops on the Strip will be donating proceeds to the Las Vegas Victim's Funds and the Las Vegas Compassion Fund. In addition to Ben & Jerry's, on Saturday Blue Ribbon Fried Chicken, Born and Raised Craft Pub, Istanbul Mediterranean, JoJo's Jerky, Las Vegas Magic Shop, Marash Ice Cream, Pascanoush Gifts, Philly Pretzel Factory, Pro Image Sports, Redneck Riviera, Rock Cinema, Sin City Brewing Co., Subway, Sunset Case, TAC 702 Boutique, The Dog House, Tix4Tonight, Vapor Kings, Vegas EXP, and Expressions will be donating some proceeds to the funds.
Copyright 2017 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
LAS VEGAS (AP) The arsenal of the Las Vegas shooter also included tracer bullets that can improve firing accuracy in the dark, a a law enforcement official told The Associated Press on Friday.
It wasn't clear whether Stephen Paddock fired any of the illuminated bullets during the high-rise massacre last Sunday.
But his purchase of 1,000 rounds provided more evidence of how methodically he planned the attack that killed 58 people and injured nearly 500.
More about the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history:
THE INVESTIGATION
Paddock bought the .308-caliber and .223-caliber tracer ammunition from a private buyer he met at a Phoenix gun show last month, a law enforcement official not authorized to comment on the investigation said on condition of anonymity.
Tracer rounds illuminate their path so a gunman can home in on targets at night. But they can also give away the shooter's position.
Video images of the pandemonium when Paddock started strafing the country music festival showed a muzzle flash from his 32nd-floor room at the Mandalay Bay resort. But bullets were not visible in the night sky.
NRA PROPOSES REGULATIONS
The National Rifle Association is joining the Trump administration and top congressional Republicans in a surprise endorsement of a narrow gun restriction in the wake of the Vegas concert shooting.
The NRA said devices called “bump stocks” that allow semi-automatic rifles to perform more like fully automatic weapons should be “subject to additional regulations.” The devices were found in Paddock's hotel room.
President Donald Trump said his administration is considering whether they should be banned. State lawmakers in Massachusetts and New York filed bills to ban the devices in those states
THE UNWITTING FIRST RESPONDERS
A group of firefighters driving back to their Vegas station after responding to a call for a minor car crash ended up being the first to respond to the shooting massacre.
Brian Emery recalled that gunfire rang out as hundreds of hysterical people swarmed the vehicle on the Las Vegas Strip.
It was pure coincidence that the Clark County Fire Department crew members on Engine 11 were the first on-duty emergency personnel to arrive at Sunday's shooting.
The surge of people forced Emery to stop driving, but he eventually inched the engine out and got it to a parking lot where the crew could start treating patients. The work continued until after sunrise.
58 WOODEN CROSSES
White crosses have been placed on the Las Vegas Strip for each victim of the concert shooting.
Retired carpenter Greg Zanis drove nearly 2,000 miles from the Chicago area to put up the 58 crosses Thursday afternoon.
The 66-year-old is known for installing the markers at the sites of other mass killings, including the Columbine and Sandy Hook school shootings and Orlando nightclub massacre.
He plans to keep the tribute up for 40 days before giving the crosses to the families of the victims.
___
Associated Press writer Michael Balsamo contributed to this report from Las Vegas.
The U.S. Fish & Wildlife Service announces that the refuge headquarters office and Visitor Center at the Tennessee National Wildlife Refuge will be closed on Monday, August 21st for the solar eclipse. As this area is not in the total eclipse zone, the public is directed to Cross Creeks National Wildlife Refuge at 643 Wildlife Road in Dover as perhaps a quieter place to view the total solar eclipse. Refuge staff, volunteers and Friends of Cross Creeks NWR will be on hand to assist with parking, information and to warn visitors that special glasses are needed to for full viewing of the eclipse.
Visitors at Cross Creeks are invited to view the eclipse near the Visitor Center or back patio deck or they can park along the 9-mile wildlife viewing road that runs along the Cumberland River. We ask that visitors not park as to block the road, or refuge gates and to not park in any of the refuge agricultural crop fields.
The eclipse partial phase will begin at 11:56 am (CDT) with the totality portion of the eclipse to happen at 1:25 am (CDT). At this location the total eclipse will last approximately 55 seconds.
Special solar viewing glasses will be sold at the event for $3.00/pair as well as special commemorative “glow in the dark” t-shirts , and bottled water will be sold at the event to as a fundraiser for Friends of Cross Creeks NWR. Whereas there will be no lunches sold at the refuge, the public is invited to bring their picnic basket enjoy the afternoon in a beautiful, scenic spot along Lake Barkley.
Established in 1962, the 8,862 acre Cross Creeks National Wildlife Refuge lies within the floodplain of the Cumberland River which is now Lake Barkley. The refuge provides important feeding and resting habitat for migratory birds along the Mississippi flyway.
For more information about this event or the Tennessee National Wildlife Refuge please call 731-642-2091.
The players for Ventura College, a junior college in California, thought they were getting a new transfer quarterback named Dreaj Foge. What they didn't know was that Foge was really Rams quarterback Jared Goff.
Goff teamed up with Red Bull to prank the team as the transfer quarterback set to take the starter's job. Goff sported a wig, fake tattoos and a prosthetic mole in hopes of fooling his new teammates who were told the cameras were for a JUCO football documentary.
The prank seemed to work to perfection.
Goff made a point to play into the character all to make the players feel disrespected. He asked the actual quarterback if he was the punter and intentionally overthrew passes just so he could blame his receivers.
Then, he started trying and wowed his new teammates.
When the team's head coach, Steven Mooshagian, revealed that he had brought in an NFL quarterback, the players went absolutely nuts. Goff had them fooled.
Twitter Thrust into the Spotlight in Government's Russia Probe
Social media giant Twitter is visiting Capitol Hill Thursday as part of the House and Senate investigations into Russian interference in the 2016 elections.
Twitter's closed-door meetings with staff follow similar briefings from Facebook earlier this month. The House and Senate panels have invited both tech giants, along with Google, to appear at public hearings this fall. The committees are scrutinizing the spread of false news stories and propaganda on social media, to what extent Russia was involved and whether anyone in the United States helped target those stories.
Unlike Facebook, which has said phony accounts on its platform attempted to stir up divisiveness in the election, Twitter has remained mostly silent. The two social media companies have different types of platforms, as Twitter allows users to register anonymously and has more public accounts than Facebook. Many lawmakers have expressed concerns about the proliferation of anonymous "bots" on Twitter and their potential to spread misinformation.
Virginia Sen. Mark Warner, the top Democrat on the Senate intelligence panel, said Wednesday that he hopes Twitter will be forthcoming.
"They have obviously a different business model, and also they've never tried to prevent fake accounts, use of bots," Warner said, comparing the company to Facebook. "They don't deny they have allowed more anonymity. So they've got a different business model, we've got different questions for them."
Still, Warner said, the investigation is ultimately up to how people manipulated both of those platforms.
"People deserve to know," Warner said.
Twitter last week confirmed that officials would be meeting with the Senate panel and issued a statement pledging to improve defenses on its platform.
"Twitter deeply respects the integrity of the election process, a cornerstone of all democracies, and will continue to strengthen our platform against bots and other forms of manipulation that violate our Terms of Service," the company said in a statement.
Staff on both panels are likely to ask Twitter about the bots, and also about some of the potential vulnerabilities in terms of tracing potential foreign intrusions. There have been concerns among some lawmakers that the company doesn't move quickly enough to remove posts and isn't able to track the original postings that were spread and retweeted.
Twitter, Facebook and Google haven't yet said whether they will accept the invitations to testify publicly before both intelligence committees. The House intelligence committee is planning to hold a hearing in October and the Senate intelligence committee has invited witnesses to appear on Nov. 1.
Rep. Adam Schiff of California, the ranking Democrat on the House Intelligence Committee, confirmed the House hearing in an interview with the AP, though he noted a date had not yet been set. The details of the invitation from the Senate intelligence committee were confirmed by two people familiar with the panel's interactions with the companies. They spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss the private invitations.
The companies have some incentive to comply with Congress and appear, as Warner and Minnesota Sen. Amy Klobuchar have said they are preparing legislation that would enhance transparency for online political ads and require social media companies to keep a public file of election ads and communications. The bill would also ask companies to "make reasonable efforts" to ensure that election ads are not purchased directly or indirectly by a foreign national.
Warner said it's his "hope and expectation" that the companies would work with him on the legislation, which he called "probably the lightest touch possible."
Congress so far has been reluctant to regulate social media companies. But Warner and Klobuchar started working on the legislation as Facebook acknowledged that the hundreds of phony Facebook accounts, likely run from Russia, spent about $100,000 on ads aimed at stirring up divisive issues such as gun control and race relations during the 2016 campaign.
Facing pressure from lawmakers and the public after that original announcement, Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg said last week that the company will provide congressional investigators with the contents of 3,000 ads bought by a Russian agency, while also pledging to make political advertising on its platform more transparent.
Also Thursday, the Senate Judiciary Committee -- another panel investigating the Russian interference -- is waiting to hear back from the Justice Department about whether it will allow the testimony of two FBI witnesses close to fired director James Comey.
The department said in letter last week that Jim Rybicki and Carl Ghattas could speak to the committee if they avoided questions "directly relating to, or interfering with" the investigation of special counsel Robert Mueller. That was after Grassley said he was preparing subpoenas for the two to appear. Mueller is also probing Russian interference and Comey's firing.
In a letter Wednesday, Grassley asked the department for clarification, saying he could still subpoena the witnesses if they wouldn't talk about certain topics, including "DOJ's and FBI's activities" related to President Donald Trump and the investigation into Russian interference.
Grassley said he also wanted to ask the witnesses about Comey's removal, improper political influence at the department and the department's investigation of former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton.
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: United States Senate .
Palestinian prime minister Rami Hamdallah (3rd L) has left the Gaza Strip after visiting the coastal enclave's largest hospital of Al-Shifa (AFP Photo/MOHAMMED ABED)
Gaza City (Palestinian Territories) (AFP) - Palestinian prime minister Rami Hamdallah left the Gaza Strip on Thursday after a four-day visit aimed at reconciliation with rival party Hamas, an AFP journalist said.
Islamists Hamas agreed to hand over power to a unity government last month and Hamdallah's visit, the first since 2015, saw his ministers take control of ministries in Gaza.
The move is part of wider attempts to end a decade-long split between the internationally recognised Palestinian Authority, which is based in the occupied West Bank, and Hamas, which runs Gaza.
The two sides are set to meet for further talks in the Egyptian capital Cairo on Tuesday.
Before leaving on Thursday morning, Hamdallah and a number of his ministers visited the largest hospital in the Gaza Strip, as well as a desalination plant.
He then left with his ministers through the Erez crossing in northern Gaza, which is controlled by Israel, an AFP videographer said.
He is due to return to Ramallah in the West Bank where a meeting of senior members of Fatah, the secular party that dominates the Palestinian Authority, will be held Thursday evening.
Palestinian president Mahmud Abbas said the Fatah meeting would discuss the next steps towards reconciliation ahead of the Cairo talks.
"National unity is a noble goal for us and we have high hopes for it, because without it there is no Palestinian state," Abbas said, in remarks carried by state news agency Wafa.
Hamas, in a statement, said: "The Gaza Strip and its ministries are under the administration of the national reconciliation government. Hamas will work to support and strengthen its role."
Hamas has ruled the territory since 2007, when it seized it from the Palestinian Authority in a near civil war, and multiple previous reconciliation attempts have failed.
The Islamist movement has fought three wars with Israel since 2008 and is considered a terrorist organisation by the United States and the European Union.
One of the main stumbling blocks to reconciliation is likely to be Hamas's military wing, with senior officials rejecting the idea of disarming.
Two million people live in Gaza, blockaded by Israel and Egypt and suffering from poverty and electricity shortages.
The HandBrake Team has released version 1.0.0 of its open-source video conversion program HandBrake (after 13 years of development) with a number of new additions and improvements. The update completely overhauls the official presets with new general use presets for broad compatibility and Matroska (MKV) presets (including VP9 video with Opus audio), plus new device and web presets. (Official presets from HandBrake 0.10.x are still available under "Legacy;" any custom presets you may have previously created may not be compatible with newer versions.) It also improves the audio/video sync engine to better handle difficult sources, adds VP9 video encoding via libvpx and Opus audio encoding/decoding via libopus, improves subtitle rendering for some languages, adds new Decomb/Deinterlace filter settings and improved defaults, improves support for importing/exporting comma-separated (.csv) chapter markers, adds support for multiple source URLs for third-party downloads, and improves drag and drop support.
Shortly after this release, Handbrake 1.0.1 was issued to fix a potential crash when using the subtitles burn feature on OS X systems prior to macOS 10.12 Sierra, resolve an issue with certain controls not updating when saving or loading a preset, and fix additional crashes. (Free, 12.6 MB, release notes, 10.7+)
"It will create 10-foot sidewalks in the part of Sherman that didn't have it before," city spokesman Nate Strauch explained.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The festive season is coming, with the opening of the first little window on your advent calendar not too far off.
It gives you a taste of Christmas right up to the big day itself.
Advent calendars count down to Christmas using 24 windows filled with treats.
Typically, people will opt for chocolate, but nowadays you can get anything from wine, to prosecco and G&T in your calendar.
But what if we told you you could get CHEESE?
Yes, you read that right. And, no, this is NOT a drill.
The calendar is the brainchild of a cheese-loving blogger named Annem Hobson.
Apparently, it is being sold in Asda stores, according to the Liverpool ECHO .
The Walmart-owned retailer operates multiple supermarkets across Birmingham.
The calendar will feature 24 individually-wrapped varieties, including Applewood, Mexicana and Jarlsberg.
The calendars will go on sale in Asda stores on Monday, November 6 - or you can learn how to make your own here
Best of Wilson County: Hearthside
For almost 20 years, Hearthside has provided quality living assistance for members of our community who need extra care in their daily lives. Our dedicated and caring staff is available to offer a helping hand with meals, grooming, bathing, dressing, medication administration or just companionship.
At Hearthside, we take pride in our service to our residents and our truly home-like atmosphere. We make every effort to preserve and promote the dignity and independence of our residents.
Offering our Community:
A Houston Police Officer working crowd control estimated there were more than 8,000 people in line
Friday is the last day to sign up for D-SNAP benefits in Harris County, and over 8 thousand people are estimated to be lined up outside the George R. Brown Convention Center.
The Disaster Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (D-SNAP), offers short-term food assistance benefits to families recovering from a disaster.
Hii Iluu was first in line at the George R. Brown, she arrived Thursday at 5 p.m. Ms. Iluu needed assistance because the money she qualified for from FEMA wasn't enough to cover her losses from Hurricane Harvey.
Aide Hernandez also arrived at 5 p.m. Thursday. After waiting for hours at the Southwest Multi-Service Center she abandoned that line and headed downtown. She's desperate for benefits because her husband is out of work because of Harvey.
“I work in hotel, so I continue to work, but my husband works in landscaping and the customers, they have houses that flooded and he can't do work,” Hernandez said.
Officials say more than 200,000 people in Harris County have signed-up for assistance from the state run program since started registration on September 27.
A Houston Police Officer working crowd control estimated there were more than 8,000 people in line. Another HPD Officer said the long line was not unusual in size for D-SNAP registration.
George R. Brown opened around 7:30 a.m. and workers began processing applicants at 8 a.m. Registration will end at 7 p.m. Friday.
Tammy Kerchner got to the Convention Center Friday at 7 a.m. and found herself at the end of a line that stretched a mile long.
“Oh wow, we only have until 7:00? I didn't know that,” Tammy Kerchner responded when I asked if she was concerned about being able to sign up before registration closed. “Yeah absolutely, this line is like ridiculous. I'm surprised I found the end of it.”
Cassie Aylward, Newstalk 580 CFRA
City of Ottawa officials say they're confident first responders are prepared to handle a high-rise apartment building fire.
This comes after a fire completely engulfed a 27-story building in London, England as residents slept Wednesday morning killing at least 12 and leaving dozens injured.
Anthony Di Monte, General Manager of Emergency Services, says a fire of this magnitude is not likely but they can happen, and so crews have to be ready.
"The city has an emergency plan and it's very much co-ordinated with fire being the lead agency in this type of event, but the medical response to that, the police response to that, even Red Cross support," he said. "Those plans do exist. We've had a couple of incidents in Ottawa where we've had to put them in place but certainly nothing like what we're seeing in the UK."
Di Monte says there are several "tabletop exercises," which he describes as a simulation of resource and asset co-ordination for a major emergency situation.
"It's something that's practiced regularly and we have a solid plan and feel very confident," he said. "Hopefully it never happens and we never have to put it in practice."
Ottawa's soon-to-be tallest building, the Claridge Icon, is now under construction on Preston where it'll stand 45 storeys. Ottawa Mayor Jim Watson says he's not concerned about the safety of those living on the upper floors.
"The building code really deals with the sprinkler system in high-rises and it's a very stringent building code. It's probably one of the most stringent in the world," he says.
Di Monte says landlords play a big role in making sure that code is strictly followed, including ensuring there's an evacuation plan that residents are familiar with.
If an upper-floor resident finds themselves trapped in their unit, there are measures they can take to protect themselves while they wait for firefighters, according to Assistant Deputy Fire Chief John Gillissie. He says response times for high-rise fires are estimated at one minute per floor. If you're on the ninth floor of the building, it'll take about nine minutes for firefighters to rescue you. If you're on the 27th, it will take 27 minutes.
"What we want them to do is to feel their apartment door. If it's not hot, open it up just a little bit and see if there's smoke in the hallway. If there's smoke in the hallway, then we'd like them to close their door, put a wet towel at the bottom and maintain safety within their own unit," he says. If there's no smoke, Gillissie says you can get to the nearest stairwell and make your way down to safety.
"It's all part of the training with recruits right on," he says. "There's high-rise training. We have high-rise manuals. All the information and all that training is consistent right through a firefighter's career."
Over the past month, Bitcoin has become almost synonymous with the word bubble. In fact, Google searches for the combination words “Bitcoin” and “bubble” has jumped exponentially. That is unsurprising considering Bitcoin's phenomenal ascent—piercing through record after record.
Even as calls and forecasts for Bitcoin's eventual collapse intensify, the enthusiasm has intensified, as well. The cryptocurrency is now available for trading on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange floor, making its way forward as a form of legal tender. It's also unsurprising, then, that in another Google search, the word combo of “buy” and “Bitcoin” is also at a record high.
So, how can we gauge Bitcoin? We cannot! And that is what I call the Unknown Factor.
Chart courtesy of Google Trends
Bitcoin is No Tulip
Some prominent figures including Jaime Dimon CEO of JPMorgan Chase & Co and John C. Bogle-founder of Vanguard Group. have labeled Bitcoin as a bubble, even the world's most famous investor Warren Buffet has been a skeptic on Bitcoin labeling digital currencies a “mirage.” In fact, most of all, the latest Bitcoin surge is compared to the Tulip Mania that took place way back in the 17th century in the Dutch Republic. Back then, Investors got caught up in a frenzy of tulips and began speculating on their price. A bubble was inflated, and eventually, like every inflated bubble, in 1637 the tulip bubble burst, leaving investors “wounded” and with “hefty losses.” The difference between then and now is that a tulip is, for lack of a better description, a “useless asset.” As a commodity, the tulip, albeit pretty, is nothing more than a decaying flower with no real use or applications in food or industry. Unlike a commodity such as gold or silver, a tulip cannot be used for jewelry.
The reality is that Bitcoin is no tulip, but it's also not “just” currency. Bitcoin is a gateway into a monetary system that is decentralized and independent from any country or bank in the world. It is a system that allows the exchange of funds in total anonymity, in a fraction of a second, and with no transaction fees. And, as previously stated, Bitcoin is gradually becoming an acceptable form of legal tender. Each of those characteristics inherent in Bitcoin has value.
The problem is in assessing Bitcoin's “fair value.” When an investor buys a stock, he can use certain rules of thumb to evaluate the risk and potential of his investment. For example, a P/E multiple indicates the stock's valuation, the dividend suggests the dividend yield that the investor might expect, and the financial report is a reflection of the company's financial health. When it comes to other asset classes, whether bonds or commodity futures, the metric changes but the situation remains the same; the investor can assess the risk he is taking, as well as his potential gain. But there are no real metrics for adequately assessing Bitcoin; Bitcoin's “fair value” is a BIG unknown. And, after returning a jaw-dropping 651% over five months, this unknown is perceived by investors as having a limitless upside.
Chart courtesy of Bitcoin.com
But, though investors might be hesitant to admit it, much of the appetite for Bitcoin is derived from today's upbeat economic environment. Annual GDP Growth in the US stabilizing above 2% for the past three quarters, China's growth has stabilized around 6.7-6.8%, and even in the fragile Eurozone, growth is stabilizing above 2%. And inflation has also been rather stable, with inflation in the US, China and the Eurozone averaging between 1.5% and 2%. All told, both growth and inflation have been remarkably stable, with few surprises in either direction. In fact, lately, very few shocks have occurred in the global economy. Despite a few hiccups here and there, even Brexit seems to be drawing to a relatively smooth conclusion. When everything seems so predictable, returns are low, and investors become confident enough in that predictability that they are willing to seek higher returns with the unknown.
But, what happens when the economic environment stops being predictable? What if a crisis in the Middle East causes inflation to surge and triggers an economic crisis? What if China's real estate starts collapsing again? Of course, the “what if's” are plenty, but the results are always the same. When a crisis erupts, the economic environment becomes uncertain and investors crowd into assets with the most certainty and a known value, like top-rated stocks or US Treasuries, or else they simply hold US Dollars. Suddenly, the unknown value of Bitcoin is perceived, not as a limitless upside but, as a bottomless pit, as investors sell the unknown and flee to safe haven assets.
So, if you are thinking about buying Bitcoin, first gauge the economy and inflation because, more than anything else, that is the key to Bitcoin's trend. That is what caused the Bitcoin rally to accelerate exponentially in the first place, and that is what will precipitate Bitcoin's inevitable sell-off.
Look for my post next week.
Best,
Lior Alkalay
INO.com Contributor
Disclosure: This article is the opinion of the contributor themselves. The above is a matter of opinion provided for general information purposes only and is not intended as investment advice. This contributor is not receiving compensation (other than from INO.com) for their opinion.
AN 18-YEAR-OLD driver who fled the scene after his car hit a cyclist has been sentenced to community service in lieu of going to prison.
Melvin Rattigan, now aged 20, failed to observe oncoming traffic before colliding with cyclist Laura Briggs, leaving her with serious injuries including a hairline skull fracture.
Rattigan was an inexperienced driver at the time and did not have a full driving licence or insurance.
He told gardaí he “panicked” after hitting the cyclist and drove off. He said he had not heard or seen the taxi driver who followed him and told him to return to the scene.
Rattigan, of Saint Mary's Park, Dunsink Lane, Finglas, Dublin pleaded guilty at Dublin Circuit Criminal Court to dangerous driving causing serious bodily harm to Ms Briggs at Lower Dominick Street, Dublin on May 13, 2015.
He has no previous convictions.
Passing sentence yesterday, Judge Karen O'Connor said it was an unusual case of dangerous driving causing serious harm, in that Rattigan had not been speeding, nor had he drunk alcohol or taken illicit substances.
She said it was at the “lower end” of the range of seriousness for such offences, because although Rattigan should have observed the cyclist, “he simply didn't see her”.
Judge O'Connor noted that Rattigan's previous good character and his efforts to further his education, and ordered a report from the Probation Services to assess his suitability for community service.
Pending that report, she sentenced Rattigan to 240 hours of community service in lieu of two years in jail.
Rattigan made the sum of €3,000 available by way of redress, but the court heard that Briggs declined the money and asked that it be given to St Francis' Hospice and a youth charity.
Judge O'Connor said the impact of the collision on Laura Briggs was very serious and had deeply hurt her both physically and emotionally.
She also noted that Briggs was at a financial loss of €6,000 as a result of her medical treatment.
She had previously read her victim impact statement out in court, outlining that she had ongoing difficulties from her injuries and suffered from depression.
As well as a hairline fracture to her skull requiring stitches, her wrist was fractured which had left her with 50% less grip, unable to use a camera at work and in need of ongoing physical therapy.
At the original sentence hearing, Garda Niall McCormack said Briggs had been cycling home from work at lunchtime.
He agreed with Anne Marie Lawlor SC, defending, that both parties had a green light but Ms Briggs had the right of way as Rattigan was attempting to make a right turn from Dorset Street onto Dominic Street.
Garda McCormack also agreed that Rattigan took the turn on the green light, not observing that there was a cyclist in oncoming traffic.
Rattigan told gardaí that he thought Briggs had got back up and was okay after the collision. He said he had “absolutely panicked” and driven off. He said he did not hear a taxi driver who had followed him to tell him to go back to the scene.
Lawlor said Rattigan felt huge regret and was shocked that Briggs had been injured in the way she was.
She asked the court to take into account the serious effects the offence had had on the victim but to have regard to this young man and leave him in the community.
The court heard that Rattigan is a member of the travelling community and has two young children. His wife was undergoing difficulties during pregnancy at the time of the offence.
Judge O'Connor ordered a report to be prepared for 16 March to assess Rattigan's suitability to carry out community service.
Improving its record to 7-1, the Joel Barlow High boys volleyball team defeated Fairfield Ludlowe 3-0 (25-9, 25-13, 25-11) on Monday, April 17.
Austin Hauser led Barlow with 25 assists. He also had four aces.
Matt Cruz had eight kills and one block. Reed Wilkerson had five kills and three blocks.
A Henderson hockey puck collector is sharing his passion with others to honor victims and support survivors of 1 October.
Kenny Johnson had a smile as he placed an old box on his kitchen counter and opened it up, revealing dozens of commemorative hockey pucks.
"We got a watch party puck from I think when they were in Winnipeg," he said while pulling a puck from the box.
"Here's a goal from Jonathan Marchessault," he said while grabbing another.
He continued to show off the collection, pulling puck after puck from the box.
"I have more in the next room," he added. He has a lot more.
"I would roughly say, [I have] probably over 300 pucks," Johnson said. He's been a puck collector for years, but this year the trend took off with Golden Knights fans. The team would make pucks for games, watch parties, series wins and other big occasions, and Johnson has tried to get them all.
"I have all 41 games, I have every warm up puck that was available to us," he said.
But the puck that is the most special to him, isn't in his collection yet.
"It's now in the process of being made and becoming a reality," Johnson said.
Johnson created his own puck; one that pays tribute to the 58 people killed during the Route 91 Harvest Festival shooting on Oct. 1.
"With everything that's going on here in Vegas and how great it is, we still need to remember the night of Oct. 1," he said.
Johnson said he plans on selling the pucks; the pre-sale started on Tuesday. The profits from the pucks will go to the foundation set up in honor of Quinton Robbins, a Basic High School graduate who was killed in the shooting, and who was Johnson's family friend.
"He was a great quarterback, and we always watched him play, every Sunday night," Johnson said. "It just means a lot to me that we can do this, and, yeah. it's something personal for me."
For more information on how to purchase one of Johnson's pucks, he said people can go to the Facebook group he created for fans to buy and trade Golden Knights pucks.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
The Clark County School Board of Trustees called for more education funding from the state.
Trustees said while the state is bringing in money from the recreational marijuana tax, schools aren't seeing extra dollars.
School board trustees said they expected to see more money coming into the district after recreational marijuana was legalized, but trustees said the district's overall pool of funds has not grown. They called on state lawmakers and the governor for more funding.
"We're very frustrated we're very concerned and we need to all come together as group to politely demand these students and our schools get what they deserve," Trustee Linda Young said.
Trustees said they want extra money from marijuana tax revenue and the IP1 room tax approved in 2009 used to fund raises for teachers and staff.
"We are asking for the state to provide CCSD and other school districts with additional funding the funding many taxpayers believed they were approving when they voted to legalize recreational marijuana and increase the room tax," Board of Trustees President Deanna Wright said.
The district's chief financial officer said marijuana and room tax revenues are not increasing the amount of money going to schools because the base level funding is staying the same.
"We need to actually increase our base funding if the legislature and the governor do not increase that base fund." "At this point, it's just shuffling the deck within that little space we have," Wright said.
Trustees said they'd welcome a special session on the topic. The governor's office issued this statement:
Over the last eight years, Governor Sandoval and the Legislature have increased funding for K-12 education by more than $1 billion. Regarding marijuana retail tax revenue, as he's previously stated, in his 2017 recommended budget, the Governor originally proposed that the marijuana retail tax (budgeted at $63.5 million over the biennium) go to K-12 education through the DSA. The Legislature made the policy decision to move the 10% tax to the rainy day fund and supply the DSA with general fund dollars. The Governor insured that the DSA still received the $63.5 million of revenue. The Governor believes a special session is unnecessary as the marijuana tax revenue and teacher pay are policy discussions for the next session of the Legislature.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
Telecoms, Media & Technology is part of the Knowledge and Networking Division of Informa PLC
This site is operated by a business or businesses owned by Informa PLC and all copyright resides with them. Informa PLC's registered office is 5 Howick Place, London SW1P 1WG. Registered in England and Wales. Number 3099067.
A crash about 90 minutes northwest of the Las Vegas Valley left five people dead, authorities said.
The Nye County Sheriff's Office posted on Facebook saying they were assisting Nevada Highway Patrol in the Sunday afternoon crash. The office confirmed five people were killed and one other was injured.
"God has a bubble around her," Crystal Taylor said of her sister Wendy Caskey. "He isn't finished with her yet."
Caskey was the lone survivor of the crash.
The crash investigation was in the preliminary stage Sunday night, Trooper Travis Smaka with Nevada Highway Patrol said, but he said the crash involved three vehicles.
A Nissan was traveling northbound behind a GMC truck, Smaka said, when it attempted to pass the truck. That portion of road, one lane in each direction, was OK to pass.
The Nissan collided head on with another Nissan traveling southbound and the vehicle attempting to pass was engulfed in flames. The southbound Nissan was redirected into the truck, causing it to roll over off the highway and ejecting the male driver, killing him, Smaka said.
"It was just phenomenal that my sister had very little amount of damage to her that she did. One out of five," Taylor said.
Two people in the Nissan traveling south were deceased on scene, as well as two people in the other Nissan. The lone survivor of the six people involved was a female passenger of the truck, who was taken to University Medical Center in serious condition.
Smaka said a description of the two in the Nissan that caught fire wouldn't be available due to the fire damage.
"I feel bad for the other families too, my mom is in surgery but she is going to be O.K." Jen Wadsworth said.
The U.S. 95 was shut down in both directions at mile marker 27, near Amargosa Valley, while authorities investigate. Avoid the route.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
The police minister of South Africa's Gauteng province has urged Zimbabwe's First Lady Grace Mugabe to hand herself over to police - or face arrest - over allegations that she assaulted a young woman during a visit to South Africa, Johannesburg-based Eyewitness News has reported .
The woman, described by South African media as a 21-year-old model, is alleged to have sustained injuries to the face after being assaulted at a hotel in the posh suburb of Sandton near Johannesburg on Sunday night.
Gauteng police minister Sizakele Nkosi-Malobane was quoted by privately owned Eyewitness News as saying:
We are now requesting that the first lady come forward. If not, police will ensure that she's arrested and goes to court like any other person. We are also looking for her two sons.”
Mrs Mugabe has not yet commented. Her two sons live in South Africa.
Zimbabwe's Information Minister Christopher Mushowe told BBC Africa Live that he was unaware of the alleged assault:
This is news to me. I haven't heard of it."
Reuters Two sons of President Robert Mugabe and Grace Mugabe live in South Africa
Mrs Mugabe was in South Africa to be treated for an ankle injury during a freak road accident last month when the alleged assault took place, according to Zimbabwean media.
It is unclear what prompted the alleged assault.
BERLIN — The German government on Monday condemned anti-Semitic incidents that have taken place during protests in cities across Germany in recent days.
The demonstrations were called in response to U.S. President Donald Trump's recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital and the announced move of the American Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. Trump's decision has been widely condemned as undermining efforts to resolve the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.
German government spokesman Steffen Seibert said the burning of Israeli flags and anti-Semitic insults directed at Israel and Jews were “shameful.”
Seibert said Germany feels a close affinity to Israel and Jews around the world, and will therefore counter anti-Semitic incitement whenever it occurs.
“No differences of opinion, including over the question of the status of Jerusalem, justify such actions,” Chancellor Angela Merkel said later Monday. Authorities “must intervene with all the means available to the state of law,” she added.
Anti-Semitism was a core part of Nazi ideology that led to the killing of over 6 million Jews in the Holocaust.
(NBC News) Football fever is heating up icy Minneapolis as fans gear up for the big game, but behind all that beer and under all that gear t…
Debra Bradley and Gary Gross did all the usual things all couples do.
They went to wine tastings together, watched plays, attended concerts and planned casual dinners with friends. But when their sunny world was dimmed by a tragic discovery last March, Bradley and Gross defied the odds and found the meaning of true love, which they believe give them the strength to persevere.
In March 2016, Bradley got the shocking news that she was diagnosed with what experts call the most lethal form of cancer — stage-four pancreatic cancer — and that it had already spread to her liver.
“I couldn't have been more shocked, and like everybody that hears the cancer word, you're terrified at first. And then, when it's paired with pancreatic, you suddenly have this very bleak outlook,” Bradley said.
The next day, the couple scheduled several appointments with oncologists, desperate to find an effective treatment. As the doctors handed Bradley a virtual death sentence — only a 5 percent survival rate — she looked at Gross and said: “I don't think I can do this. I don't see how I can ever go through this. I can't do this alone.”
But Gross had a surprising response: “You're never going to.”
“I got down on one knee and said, ‘Will you marry me?'” Gross said. “I don't know what I had in my hand — it wasn't a ring. It might have been a rubber band. I don't remember.”
After vowing to love each other in sickness and in health at their wedding, which was conducted by a justice of the peace, the couple made their way to the Emory Winship Cancer Institute.
Refusing to accept their bleak prognosis, the couple met with renowned oncologist Bassel El-Rayes.
El-Rayes proposed a recently developed treatment — an experimental trial to test a new drug called BBI-608. While regular chemotherapy treatments solely shrink a tumor, there was a possibility that the new drug could essentially thwart the cancer cells from multiplying.
Now, almost nine months later, Bradley is cancer free, and she said she owes her success to the man she calls her “knight in shining armor.”
“I would have never been able to get through it if it had not been for him,” Bradley said.
Although the initial diagnosis, combined with the experimental treatment, may have been a long, hard trek, Bradley said she believed she discovered the meaning of true love along the way.
“You find out what real love is all about when your life is turned upside down and your Saturdays and Sundays consist of holding your wife's head out of the toilet,” she said. “When you no longer look like you did on the day that you met — you're always sick, you've lost 17 pounds, your clothes don't fit, and yet he still says you're beautiful.”
The couple is looking forward to their trip to Paris, which Gross surprised Bradley with to celebrate their commitment.
On a Valentine's Day they weren't sure they'd get to spend together, the couple has a message: “Love gives you hope when things are their darkest. It gives you something to hold on to. It gives you something to look forward to.”
“President Obama jumped to his feet first — the whole room was electrified,” said a witness.
1:00 Cam Newton after season-ending loss: I need a rest, time away Pause
0:45 New Year's Eve in uptown Charlotte
1:23 Curry Laksa at Co Charlotte
0:52 Shoppers seek sales at area malls
5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook
3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy
1:28 Kemba Walker discusses Hornets win over Heat, joining 7,000-point club
2:00 PRP and stem cell therapy gains popularity in Charlotte
2:08 Feeding the Children
One person was killed when a small plane went down on Long Island on Wednesday afternoon.
The plane, thought to be a skytyper involved in last weekend's canceled airshow, crashed and burst into flames on a residential street in Melville about 2 p.m., according to authorities.
No one else was injured, but authorities had to battle flames left in the crash's wake.
A league that already suffered from a bit of an identity crisis has helped make life even more complicated for its fans. The NBA Development League – home of the Mad Ants – announced Tuesday that it will re-brand itself next season as the NBA Gatorade League and “incubate” its products and equipment in league locker rooms.
Despite it's insinuation to the contrary, it's not the first time a pro sports circuit has sold naming rights – remember the Web.com Tour or Sprint Cup racing? – and this surely won't be the last. But the NBA doesn't understand minor-league markets or how to cultivate their fans, eschewing simplicity in the name of branding, and this is just the latest example.
Since the league's inception in 2001, there's never been a consensus on the name. While I had settled on D-League, some called it the NBDL, others the NBADL, others the NBA D-League. Already, the NBA is touting two names, including NBA G-League, for next season.
The problem will be conveying the message of what the G-League is, how it works, where you can see it and why it's great for fans, especially as the league increases to 25 and chases its foolhardy vision of having one minor-league team for every NBA franchise.
Fan can't tell you which teams will be owned by which next season, because it seems to change every week, and they don't understand player rights or on-court rules.
There are only 12 NBA-contracted players in the D-League, including the Ants' Rakeem Christmas. The rest are free agents, even though some are confusingly touted as affiliate players like Alex Poythress, who got to Fort Wayne through the Pacers but can sign with any NBA team.
With so much money being spent on players not actually under contract to the big clubs, is it any wonder the league sold the naming rights?
Experimentation with rules is one of the best things the D-League does, but how many people really know how the advancement rule works or if goaltending is allowed these days? Those rules should be posted everywhere, for all to understand, but I'm not sure how many fans are the priority in some cities.
Fort Wayne is an exception. It averages 2,634 fans, above the league average of 2,331, but six teams draw fewer than 1,500 and some play in tiny practice facilities. Raptors 905 doesn't have a city name – it's Mississauga, Ontario, not that anyone would know – and I pity the reporter who must cover Raptors 905 playing the Los Angeles D-Fenders.
Uniformity and simplicity go a long way in building a brand. Next season, reporters will write about the G-League or NBADL or NBAGL and readers will be confused. Media will have to choose if it's appropriate for them to market teams selling naming rights to buildings and the courts within the buildings. Believe me, they still debate in Denver whether it's Mile High Stadium or Sports Authority Field at Mile High.
Many people refer to Allen County War Memorial Coliseum as Memorial Coliseum because it's shorter, not because they dislike veterans, and if people take that stance with something honorable, how long until they rebel against the G-League?
Justin A. Cohn is a sports writer for The Journal Gazette and has been covering sports in Fort Wayne since 1997. He can be reached by email at jcohn@jg.net; phone, 461-8429 or fax, 461-8648.
No fewer than 250 amateur golfers are expected to participate in the 2017 Air Assault Amateur Open Golf championship slated to tee-off November this year in Port Harcourt.
The Chairman, tournament Organising Committee, Dr. Okey Okegbu who made this known in a chat with newsmen in Port Harcourt said the golfers are drawn from Rivers State the and Niger Delta as a whole.
Okegbu further revealed that the committee had commenced preparations in earnest to ensure that they organise a memorable championship in the annals of Air Assault Golf Club, Port Harcourt.
He said the committee is in touch with potential sponsors who are willing to bankroll the annual golf fiesta, adding that, “My committee has started work already and we have contacted companies, individual was and corporate entities who have promised to support the event.”
According to him, with the experienced and capable hands of members of the committee, he is optimistic that they are going to organise a fantastic open golf tourney with lots of prizes lined up for golfers that will come tops in the various categories.
He further called on sports loving individuals, corporate organizations and firms as well as members of the club to support the committee to organise a remarkable and hitch-free tournament.
The chairman hinted that the management of the Air Assault Golf Club is embarking on a new club house project, hence cannot stage a pro-am tournament due to paucity of funds.
Collins Barasimeye
has some parting words for his soon-to-be ex-wife,
The Qatari billionaire, 42, has a section titled “Love” on his website, which features a picture of Jackson, 50, along with a personal message to the singer following five years of marriage.
“To the most beautiful person in the world, thank you for your divine love, your eternal support and for being my best friend,” the message reads. “I love you so much, inshallah we will be together in the Great Forever x.”
On the title page of his website, which E! reports has recently been changed, he has posted a quote from the Quran that hints at their recent split.
“You shall most certainly be tried in your possessions and in your persons; and indeed you shall hear many hurtful things from those to whom revelation was granted before your time, as well as from those who have come to ascribe divinity to other beings beside Allah,” the scripture quote reads. “But if you remain patient in adversity and conscious of Him — this, behold, is something to set one's heart upon. — 3:186.”
SOURCE: EURweb.com
Article Courtesy of EURweb
Picture Courtesy of Venturelli and Getty Images
Competing against millions of acres of cotton, winegrowers fear federal approval of new herbicides to be used on genetically modified cotton seeds will wipe out the wine industry in the Texas High Plains.
Courtesy of Bobby Cox
As Paul Bonarrigo watched his grapevines dwindle, he was confident that heavy-duty herbicides, probably sprayed on crops by a nearby farmer, were drifting into his vineyards. For the past two years, his 44 acres in Hale County — once sprawling vineyards providing fruit for Bonarrigo's Messina Hof Winery — have not produced any grapes as they wither from chemical damage.
Other Texas winegrowers have seen similar damage, and they blame it on dicamba and 2,4-D, two high-volatility herbicides commonly used on cereal crops, pastures and lawns. Now, the state's vintners are alarmed that use of the chemicals may soon expand to include 3.7 million acres of cotton fields in the High Plains, where cotton is being invaded by weeds immune to the Roundup pesticide long used.
The wine industry contributed close to $2 billion to the Texas economy in 2013, according to a report by the Texas Wine and Grape Growers Association. Bonarrigo said he thinks the industry is now in jeopardy.
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency recently approved Monsanto's new formulation, called XtendiMax with VaporGrip Technology, which contains dicamba. The agency has also proposed to register Enlist Duo, a Dow AgroSciences formulation that contains 2,4-D.
Both formulations will be used on cotton crops planted with seeds genetically engineered to resist the spray. Enlist Duo is already used on engineered corn and soybean crops in 15 states, and the EPA is proposing to approve it in 19 additional states — including Texas — and extend its use on engineered cotton seeds.
“The approval of these formulations will wind up affecting every vineyard up there,” Bonarrigo said.
The EPA is expected to issue a final decision on Enlist Duo's proposal by early 2017.
“I could see it basically killing the [wine] industry, honestly,” said Garrett Irwin, owner of the 20-acre Cerro Santo vineyard in Lubbock County. “If we get the levels of damage that I'm afraid we'll get, vineyards will not be able to recover or produce grapes at any sustainable level, and we're just going to have to go away.”
But regulators say the new pesticides are formulated to drift less than old versions, and agricultural groups say there should be little risk if cotton farmers follow the labels and keep their spray from drifting off property.
“I don't see this as being any more of an issue than what we have today,” said Steve Verett, executive vice president of the Plains Cotton Growers, which represents 41 counties and all 3.7 million acres of cotton in Texas High Plains. “I understand there are other sensitive crops as well. No matter what the product is or the farmer that's spraying, they need to make sure that the product they're spraying stays on their farm.”
Since his vineyards are already suffering from dicamba damage being sprayed in small quantities, Irwin said a massive increase in spraying of the formulations on cotton fields could affect any other broadleaf crop — such as pecans — that is not genetically modified to resist the chemical. For grapevines, the pesticide buildup can stunt the whole vine, resulting in smaller leaves, grapes and clusters.
Aware of the damage that pesticides can do, the EPA stated that both Xtendimax and Enlist Duo are updated versions of the old dicamba and 2,4-D, and they have new additives that lower their ability to vaporize and drift as gas to nearby crops.
“Dicamba and 2,4-D pesticides are not labeled for use on [genetically engineered] cotton during the growing season,” said EPA spokeswoman Cathy Milbourn in an e-mail. “Under the pesticides law, the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide and Rodenticide Act, the label is the law. The Xtendimax label requires very specific and rigorous drift mitigation measures.”
But Irwin said it is unlikely farmers will buy the new low-volatility formulations because they are the most expensive. Farmers will probably instead stick to old dicamba and 2,4-D pesticides when they plant genetically modified seeds.
“I honestly don't think farmers will buy the new formulations when older labels that cost less are available and just as effective as the new labels,” Irwin said. “In short, I think farmers will buy generic chemicals without the additives to save money because the cotton won't know the difference.”
Dicamba damage on vineyards owned by the Pheasant Ridge Winery. On grapes, the herbicide causes leaves to considerably shrivel and plant shoots to be only inches long. Courtesy of Bobby Cox
Even if cotton growers do buy the new formulations, Irwin said, they “will do nothing to correct for negligence in spraying” by farmers who will not follow federal safety precautions.
Although Roundup has not stopped working completely, Verett said, an invasive weed commonly known as pigweed has become very resistant to it, so he expects the new technologies will find a good share of the market over the next few years.
“Both of the [pesticides] will be competing for acres because there's a need for it,” Verrett said. “We want to see the various tools be made available to our producers.”
To avoid drift, the EPA doesn't allow the pesticides to be applied from airplanes or sprayed when winds top 15 miles per hour. Specific nozzles must be used to limit drift.
But Irwin said that he “highly doubts” that all farmers will change their nozzles on their spray rigs to approved anti-drift nozzles.
“All of the touted safeguards that the chemical companies are saying will make these technologies safe are really just things that sound good to those who are only vaguely familiar with agricultural practices,” Irwin said.
Bonarrigo said that even if the label is followed, formulations can vaporize the next day and the wind can blow faster than 15 mph in a different direction, so the herbicide would spray to other people's crops. Bonarrigo predicts a barrage of lawsuits between grape growers and cotton farmers.
“You can follow the label, but policing the changing of the wind is virtually impossible,” Bonarrigo said. “The whole point is that before dicamba and 2,4-D-resistant cotton, before it was even thought of, we already had a major problem with herbicide damage on grapevines in the High Plains.”
Another challenge faced by winegrowers is filing complaints to the Texas Department of Agriculture.
Irwin said complaints about drift damage from off-label spraying filed with the department are fruitless. The department usually responds to complaints by sending a field expert to assess the damage and interview neighbors about the herbicides they use, but neighbors who unlawfully spray are almost never investigated, Irwin said.
“If we report a problem to [the department], they say they come out and investigate, but they usually end up investigating the person that's making the claim,” Irwin said. “We have massive amounts of damage in the vineyard, and they say they can't find any evidence of wrongdoing. Case closed.”
Bonarrigo said he called the agriculture department last year to report on drift damage, and the agent refused to take samples of the damaged crop. Bonarrigo sent samples to a lab in Oregon and verified the damage was done by a formulation of dicamba.
Texas Department of Agriculture spokeswoman Jennifer Dorsett said the agency thoroughly investigates every pesticide complaint received from winegrowers about off-label use of herbicides.
“As always, the agency is vigilant in inspecting all complaints received surrounding dicamba or 2,4-D pesticide applications, both now and in the future,” Dorsett said.
Dorsett also said the department will host a pesticide applicator training in January where a viticulture expert from Texas A&M Agrilife Extension Service will address vineyards and pesticide use. Dorsett said this will ensure applicators have the most up-to-date information surrounding the use of these pesticides.
Kyel Richard, a spokesman for Monsanto, said the Xtendimax-resistant cotton seeds are already on the market. Richard said that all herbicides move off-site if not applied appropriately according to label instructions but that Monsanto has conducted training exercises and education efforts to minimize movement to off-site crops.
Richard said the company is ramping up those efforts in the next several months to minimize “the opportunity for movement off- site and ensuring those herbicides are staying on target and controlling those weeds on the field that they're intended for.”
Bobby Cox, owner of Pheasant Ridge Valley winery, said that if the EPA approves Enlist Duo in January, it will eventually urge all cotton farmers to use genetically modified seeds that resist the heavy-duty formulations and that, paired with farmers' disregard of EPA directives, it will be lethal to all non-resistant crops.
Cox said this year's amount of sugar in his grapes was about 5 percent less than ideal because of 2,4-D drift in 2015. Those grapes, Cox said, were not harvested in 2016 given the damage.
Cox and Bonarrigo said a coalition of farmers who fear for their crops is being formed to work with lobbyists to file proposals in the upcoming legislative session.
“It will be catastrophic not only to vineyards but to oak trees, to pecan orchards, to shrubs,” Cox said. “If they apply the amount of 2,4-D that they did Roundup and are equally irresponsible with that, it will kill everything green up here. I wish people would understand how important wine growing is for this area, how wonderful of a crop it is on the High Plains. It would be a shame to lose it when we're starting to get recognized.”
New research has illustrated the vital role tourism plays in supporting local communities across Scotland.
The study, carried out by VisitScotland, has revealed that in some communities of Scotland, such as Argyll & Bute and the Highlands, tourism employment accounts for nearly double the national average of 9%.
Tourism has the biggest impact on employment in Argyll and Bute with 17% of the population employed in the sector. Other areas that lead the way in tourism employment include Highlands (14%), South Ayrshire (13%) and Orkney (12%).
Between them, Edinburgh, Glasgow, the Highlands, Aberdeen City and Fife accounted for almost half of tourism employment in 2015 with 103,400 jobs. Overall there are 217,000 jobs relating to tourism in Scotland.
Local authorities have long recognised the important contribution of tourism to their local areas providing infrastructure that is essential for its growth, captured in the National Tourism Development Framework. The aim of this framework is to highlight the activity and investment that exists to ensure the visitor journey is as smooth and efficient as possible.
Local authorities that include the most tourism businesses relative to their population are Argyll and Bute (13.5%), Dundee (11.5%), North Ayrshire (11.3%), West Dunbartonshire (11.3%) and the Highlands (11.0%).
The top ten most visited regions in Scotland by overnight visitors are:
1. Edinburgh (2,276,000 trips)
2. Highlands (1,777,000 trips)
3. Glasgow City (1,682,000 trips)
4. Argyll and Bute (891,000 trips)
5. Perth and Kinross (721,000 trips)
6. Dumfries and Galloway (702,000 trips)
7. Aberdeen City (661,000 trips)
8. Fife (528,000 trips)
9. Stirling (432,000 trips)
10. South Ayrshire (373,000 trips)
Tourism Secretary Fiona Hyslop said: “Tourism is a key part of our economy, right across Scotland. As VisitScotland's figures show, it is vital in supporting some of our most fragile, rural communities.
“The Scottish Government and our public bodies are working in partnership with the industry to create sustainable and inclusive economic growth for everyone, throughout the year.”
Malcolm Roughead, Chief Executive at VisitScotland said: “Tourism is more than a holiday experience – it is integral to sustain communities across Scotland by generating income, creating jobs and stimulating social change. More and more people are realising just how important the sector is to the economy and these figures illustrate this vital impact that is growing year on year.
“Scotland's reputation as a quality destination relies on continued investment and innovation to ensure that current provision meets future demand. VisitScotland is working with stakeholders and businesses across the country to ensure that this happens and ultimately every visitor gets a quality experience every single time.”
For more information about the importance of tourism to Scotland, visit www.visitscotland.org
U.S. consumer confidence unexpectedly rose in April to the second-highest level since 2000 as Americans grew more upbeat about both current conditions and the economic outlook, according to figures Tuesday from the New York-based Conference Board.
Highlights of Consumer Confidence (April) Confidence index rose to 128.7 (est. 126) from 127 in March
Present conditions measure advanced to 159.6 from 158.1
Consumer expectations gauge rose to 108.1 from 106.2
Key Takeaways
A bigger share of respondents expect to purchase big-ticket items including cars and major appliances within six months, while a record 7.8 percent of respondents said they plan to buy a home. That will support both consumer spending, the biggest part of the economy, and housing prices that are already handily outpacing wage gains amid tight supplies.
At the same time, the April report from the Conference Board showed the labor differential, which measures the gap between respondents saying jobs are plentiful and those who say they're hard to get, narrowed to 22.9 percentage points, a three-month low.
Bigger after-tax paychecks and a still-strong job market -- with the lowest unemployment rate since 2000 -- are helping to sustain sentiment. The latest results contrast with other signs that consumer and business confidence measures, while still fairly high, are coming off the lofty levels seen in the past year.
Economist Views
“Confidence levels remain strong and suggest that the economy will continue expanding at a solid pace in the months ahead,” Lynn Franco, director of economic indicators at the Conference Board, said in a statement.
Other Details
24.5 percent of consumers said they expect better business conditions in next six months, compared with 23.2 percent in March
Share of households who expect incomes to fall in next six months decreased to 6.8 percent, matching the lowest since 2000, from 7.2 percent; those expecting an increase were little changed at 23.1 percent
Share of those who said more jobs will be available in coming months was 19.5 percent after 18.9 percent
— With assistance by Chris Middleton
Rangers may have found their Benoit Pouliot replacement RALEIGH, N.C. — Call him J.T. Pouliot. Or maybe Benoit Miller. For it was coach Alain Vigneault who likened J.T. Miller to Benoit Pouliot in explaining why he moved the...
Current NHL teams need to prep for expansion cap woes VANCOUVER, British Columbia — The next two NHL teams, wherever they are and whenever they come — for argument's sake, say Las Vegas and Quebec in 2017-18 — will start...
Rangers have a wing answer in the AHL -- whom they're wasting If J.T. Miller is ever going to earn a spot playing for coach Alain Vigneault, it's not going to be at center, where the depth chart features Derek Stepan, Derick...
Martin St. Louis: Rangers are hungry for Cup The Rangers' spring run to the Stanley Cup finals hasn't led to complacency. In fact, based on first impressions at training camp, it's quite the opposite. Coach Alain Vigneault has...
Rangers sign Dan Boyle as free agency opens in a frenzy Glen Sather moved quickly to land his top target. The Rangers general manager nabbed veteran defenseman Dan Boyle on a two-year, $9 million deal at the open of free agency...
Cash-strapped Rangers set to lose Stralman, Pouliot, Boyle Break up the NHL Eastern Conference champions? You betcha, for the combination of free agency and life in a restrictive hard-cap world will ensure the Rangers' 2014-15 team photo will...
GM takes shots at Rangers' free agents PHILADELPHIA — Glen Sather has been around long enough to know exactly what he was doing when he sauntered over the assembled media at Saturday's NHL draft at Wells Fargo...
Rangers will have to pay up to keep Pouliot PHILADELPHIA — The Rangers won't get busy at the Entry Draft until somewhere around 11 a.m. Saturday, when it will become their turn with the 29th selection of the second...
Math won't work for Rangers to add big-name center The $6.67 million of cap space the Rangers have gained through the amnesty buyout of Brad Richards will be invested in keeping as much of the Stanley Cup finalists intact as...
Can you put a price on holiday spirit? Apparently, you can and it's $259.
New research into the holiday celebrations explored just what Americans would be willing to pay for if it were an option and found we'd part with more than $250 to feel the festive excitement we did as a little kid.
Americans would also pay $152 on average to guarantee no politics talk at the holiday table.
While, if it were an option, some would part with $158 if it meant skipping sitting down with the in-laws this holiday season.
The new survey of 2,250 Americans by online review platform Yelp revealed some people would rather have stress-free holidays by paying big bucks to complete their holiday tasks for them.
Nearly one in five (19 percent) of those surveyed would pay someone to take care of some or all their holiday chores.
Of those who said they would pay, 73 percent would want them to clean their home, proving that to be the most frustrating task.
Sixty-nine percent feel a bit stressed about getting everything prepared in time for the holidays.
Nearly six in 10 (57 percent) have even thought or said, “I can't wait for the holiday season to be over.”
Six in ten would hire someone to decorate their home and cook their holiday meal from scratch.
As far as how much money they'll be willing to hand over, survey takers would be willing to pay $121 to have all their holiday shopping done.
Ensuring that their partner would love their gift would be worth $134. And it's not just the cleaning, shopping and decorating that they would rather not deal with.
The Yelp study also revealed those struggling to feel the holiday spirit would gladly hand over $259 to get that child-like festive spirit back.
The stress of being well-prepared for the holidays has made many people feel like they've been forced to do all the hard work alone.
One in ten (11 percent) say the people in their home are not helpful with the holiday chores, and 38 percent feel like they must even beg or nag someone to help them.
In fact, 18 percent have gotten into a debate with other people in their home about who does the brunt of the work.
About four in ten (39 percent) say some people only show up to help after all the hard work is over — 35 percent have even had to redo a task because someone did not do a good enough job.
More LA residents must deal with working solo as 48 percent feel like there are some people in their home who only show up when the hard work is over.
“From the family get-togethers to traveling to cleaning and even decorating, the holidays can be exhausting for many people,” says Lauren Makk, Yelp's Home Editor. “Having access to professionals can be a great way to keep your sanity, remain calm and make it through the New Year. Let the professionals do what they do best during the holidays so you can spend time with loved ones and enjoy the season.”
Nearly two-thirds (64 percent) feel that they do most of the work during the holiday season – with gift shopping, buying food, and cooking making up the brunt of their work.
The holidays bring so much stress to some people that it reminds them of another difficult time in their lives.
Six percent are more stressed during the holiday season than they were during their divorce or marital separation.
How much would Americans pay …
Fertility clinic disaster may have destroyed thousands of frozen eggs, embryos Thousands of frozen human embryos and eggs were likely destroyed when temperatures spiked in a storage tank at a nationally renowned Ohio fertility clinic, according to hospital officials on Friday....
Parents are timing in vitro fertilizations to get their kids into private schools New York City parents start plotting their offspring's social ascension before the kids are even born. Dr. Brian Levine, the practice director of CCRM New York, an all-inclusive fertility center,...
Woman decks the halls with her placenta A mom of two has revealed how she handcrafts beautiful Christmas ornaments — by mixing glitter with her own powdered placenta. Jordan Harrison, 29, keeps her 3-year-old son Ezra's dehydrated...
I got Botox injected into my vagina so I could have a baby Karen was one of the first women in Australia to have Botox injected into the vaginal muscles in an attempt to confront violent pelvic pain that prevented her and her...
Mom gives birth in street during earthquake A mom is thanking her lucky stars — and her team of doctors — for helping her deliver her newborn son Adolfo on a street corner in the midst of...
Teen cheerleader accused of burying baby gave birth after prom The Ohio teen cheerleader charged in her newborn's death gave birth just days after prom, according to prosecutors. Brooke “Skylar” Richardson, 18, appeared in court Tuesday on charges of allegedly burning...
Teen mom pleads not guilty to burning and burying baby in back yard CINCINNATI — An 18-year-old woman whose newborn's remains were buried outside her southwest Ohio home pleaded not guilty to aggravated murder and other charges Monday. Brooke Skylar Richardson entered the...
Jason Binkley kept up his scoring prowess – the defenseman scored for the seventh time this season and the third time in the last four games – but he was the only Komets player to find the back of the net today on pink ice for Valentine's Day in Kalamazoo, Michigan.
The Komets' lost 3-1 to the Kalamazoo Wings, after coming into the game on a 6-1-1 run that included a 5-3 victory Sunday at Wings Event Center.
Forward Kyle Thomas, who had three goals, an assist and a fight Sunday, was called before the game to the American Hockey League's Cleveland Monsters, who also have the Komets' lone all-star, Shawn Szydlowski.
A game that began with a fight between Fort Wayne's Cody Sol and Kalamazoo's Tyler Biggs went in the Wings' direction early. Josh Pitt scored a power-play goal at 11:51 of the first period and Dajon Mingo made it 2-0 at 18:18.
After a second period in which the Komets had 14 of the 21 shots on goal, they got their first goal from Binkley at 6:11 of the third period.
Peter Schneider cemented the victory with an empty-net goal at 19:45, as Kalamazoo (24-21-4) improved to 4-4-0 this season against Fort Wayne (28-15-5). The Komets are eight points back of Toledo for the Central Division lead, and both teams have 24 games remaining in the regular season.
Nick Riopel stopped 38 of 39 shots for Kalamazoo, which scored on 1 of 6 power plays, and he's got a 4-0-0 record with a .953 save percentage in the season series. Garrett Bartus stopped 24 of 26 shots for Fort Wayne, which was 0 for 5 on power plays in front of 2,467 fans.
Notes: In the third period, Fort Wayne's Mason Baptista got a 10-minute misconduct for kicking. Trevor Cheek also got a misconduct. … Komets captain Jamie Schaafsma didn't play because of a hand injury. … The teams meet in a third straight game Friday at Memorial Coliseum. … Including Bobby Shea with Rochester, the Komets, who don't have an affiliation with a higher-level team, have three players in the AHL.
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide Pause
2:04 Thieves use sky lift to steal ATM in Texas
1:31 Midday slump at work? 3 moves that can boost your energy
4:45 Rebirth of a Transgender Teenager
3:27 HB2: A timeline for North Carolina's newest law
1:25 Couple shares tips to prepare for retirement
3:31 Hope to prevent Alzheimer's disease?
2:24 Felicia Hambrick talks about her serious pit bull attack
1:59 The 2006 'Bathroom Law' that seems to work for D.C.
Image copyright Met Office Image caption The yellow weather warning covers most of southern parts of the UK - as well as most of Wales
Torrential rain has been forecast for Wales, prompting the Met Office to issue a yellow warning.
Officials say flooding of homes and businesses could "happen quickly" as a band of rain sweeps in from the south west.
As well as the rain, lightning, hail and strong winds are also predicted.
A Met Office spokesman said: "There is the potential for 30-40 mm of rain to fall in an hour and perhaps as much as 60-80 mm in 2-3 hours."
The weather warning covers most of Wales and is in place between 11:00 and 23:59 BST on Thursday.
Cunningham told AM to DM host Saeed Jones on Friday that even though he hasn't seen any of the scripts yet, he's flying out to Belfast to join the rest of the actors for the table read.
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) — Both of Indiana's U.S. senators said there should be a close look at laws surrounding bump stocks, the device used by the Las Vegas gunman.
Some estimates show bump stocks can allow you to fire hundreds of rounds every minute. Authorities said bump stocks allowed gunman Stephen Paddock to fire faster and more easily into the crowd at the Route 91 Harvest Festival.
Friday, Republican U.S. Sen. Todd Young gave his opinion.
“Maybe some new regulations need to be applied to that.”
So did Democratic U.S. Sen. Joe Donnelly.
“There's no reason for them to be available,” he said.
But there are reports that gun stores are selling out of the devices. Brian Ludlow owns Indy Trading Post, 2851 Madison Ave. He only has one bump stock left in his Indianapolis store, but he said he doesn't feel funny about still selling them.
“I don't feel like that's my place to say. I'm a business person. I don't feel like they're dangerous unless they're in the wrong hands,” he said.
So why would someone need the ability to fire several hundred rounds a minute?
“For fun. There's no practical use for it. It's in my opinion it's just fun to shoot,” he said.
When asked if he could see that the danger can outweigh the fun, he said, “If used improperly.”
“If you're out in an area and it's a safe area to shoot, and you have the bump stock, it's fun to shoot one.”
If you're looking to buy one, Donnelly has a message for you.
“It's a message about caring your neighbors, being good friends to your neighbors, wanting to look out for one another, and I don't think that serves, enables to get to that point,” he said.
Ludlow said he thinks lawmakers in Washington, D.C., will ban the device. But questions remain.
If there is a ban on bump stocks, Ludlow said, it could be hard to find everyone who owns one. He said gun shops do not keep records of whom buys gun accessories, just who buys guns themselves.
When asked if he knows who he sold bump stocks to, the gun store owner said he doesn't have that information.
Meanwhile, Donnelly said Congress could consider other gun control bills, like banning people on the no-fly list from buying guns.
Image copyright iStock
Five new medical schools are to be created in England as part of the government's expansion of training places.
The schools will open in Sunderland, Lancashire, Lincoln, Canterbury and Chelmsford over the next three years.
Places at existing schools are also being increased as part of the government's commitment to increase student places by 25%.
It will mean by 2020 there will be 1,500 more students each year.
Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt said the new schools were being targeted at parts of the country where it "can be hard to recruit and attract new doctors".
Overall 90% of the new places will be outside London.
"It will help us deal with the challenges of having around one million more over 75s in ten years' time," added Mr Hunt.
The expansion was announced two years ago in response to the growing pressures on the frontline, and the ageing population.
But ministers are now setting out the detail of how the increase is being phased in.
Some 630 of the 1,500 new places will start this September, with the rest to follow in 2019 and 2020.
Of the new schools, only the Anglia Ruskin University site in Chelmsford will start taking students this year.
The British Medical Association welcomed the move, but pointed out it would still be another five or six years before the extra doctors were working in the NHS.
Allentown Police Department(MIAMI) — The man accused of fleeing to Mexico with a teenage girl has agreed to be extradited to his home state of Pennsylvania, he said in a brief court appearance in Miami on Monday.
Amy Yu, 16, went missing March 5 with Kevin Esterly, 45, police said, alleging that she left willingly. She has since returned home safely.
The two flew from Philadelphia to Cancun that night, police say.
Yu's mother reported her missing to the Allentown Police Department that day.
A member of Esterly's family reported him as missing or endangered March 7, the same day authorities issued an arrest warrant for him and charged him with interference with the custody of children, police said.
An Amber Alert was issued in Mexico for Yu and Saturday the two were found there.
Yu was unharmed and in good health and has since returned to Allentown, the police said.
Meanwhile, authorities flew Esterly to Miami where he is in custody pending extradition. In the short hearing on Monday morning, Esterly said, “I'd like to go back to Pennsylvania as soon as possible.”
Pennsylvania authorities have 15 days to pick him up.
Esterly, a father of four daughters, had met the teen at church, and Yu became friends with one of Esterly's children, according to the attorney for Esterly's wife, Stacey Esterly.
The Esterlys had been fighting over his alleged relationship with the teen, Stacey Esterly's attorney, John Waldron, told ABC News. Stacey Esterly threatened to go to the police about her husband's alleged sexual relationship with Yu shortly before the two fled, Waldron said.
When Yu was asked by members of the Leigh Country Child Advocacy Center whether she was having a relationship with Esterly, she denied it, said Det. Gary Hammer of the Colonial Regional Police, which has jurisdiction over her school, Lehigh Valley Academy.
But Yu altered her school records and listed Esterly as her stepfather, Hammer added. And at least 10 times between December and Feb. 9, Esterly signed her out of school early, Hammer told ABC News two weeks ago.
Feb. 9 was the day when the teen's mother came to the school to pick up her daughter, “and the school said her stepfather already signed her out of school,” Hammer said.
“The mom explained she is a single mother,” Hammer said. “There is no stepfather.”
Lehigh Valley Academy confirmed that Esterly has been on school grounds before and was last there Feb. 9.
“After that date, due to circumstances we cannot disclose pursuant to student privacy constraints, he was prohibited from entering school grounds, and the police were to be notified if he returned,” the school said in a statement two weeks ago.
The school called the Colonial Regional Police immediately and it started investigating. The department found video of Esterly's signing the teen out and leaving with her, Hammer said.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
A man has died after being shot in the chest by a suspect outside an east Las Vegas grocery store, Metro police confirmed.
Lt. Cervantes said two men were involved in a verbal confrontation, then what police called a fist-fight in the parking lot of Cabana Food Market near Owens Avenue and Sandhill Road Saturday afternoon.
The suspect, described on the scene by Lt. Dan McGrath as a black male, shot the man in the chest and fled the scene, police said. The victim, a while male about 30 years old, was pronounced deceased by authorities.
Metro police are searching for the suspect. The vehicle the suspect and a "heavy-set" woman fled in was described as a newer model black Dodge Charger with dark tint, heading westbound.
Anyone with information on this incident is urged to contact the LVMPD at 702-828-3111 or to remain anonymous, call Crime Stoppers at 702-385-5555.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
CLOSE Kenneth Conte, a customer of the Trulieve medical marijuana dispensary on North Davis Highway, explains the benefits of the industry and what more needs to happen in Florida to improve access to medical marijuana. (Joseph Baucum/jbaucum@pnj.com)
File photo (Photo: sarra22 / Getty Images)
Pensacola's second medical cannabis dispensary will have its grand opening this week.
At 10:30 a.m. Monday, Surterra Wellness will celebrate the opening of its new Pensacola Wellness Center, located at 5046 Bayou Blvd., according to a news release from the company. The business offers various lines of medical cannabis products that include vaporizer pens, oral sprays, tincture oils and lotions.
The wellness center will be Surterra's third in Florida, and Surterra President Wesley Reynolds said his team was proud and excited to serve Northwest Florida residents.
"A lot of people have a lot of questions, and we want to create a comfortable environment where people know they are getting reliable and professional support," Reynolds said.
More: Pensacola man with epilepsy sues for access to medical marijuana
The grand opening will feature U.S. Rep. Matt Gaetz, representatives from Surterra and local patients who have been invited to discuss their experiences with medical cannabis.
Gaetz has been a strong advocate for medical marijuana reform, and he supports a house bill that would change marijuana from a Schedule I drug, on par with heroin and LSD, to a Schedule III drug, on par with anabolic steroids.
“This drug should not be in the same category as heroin and LSD, and we do not need to continue with a policy that turns thousands of young people into felons every year," Gaetz said in a written statement. "Nor do we need to punish the millions of people who are sick and seeking medical help – from pain, from muscle wasting, from chemotherapy-induced nausea.”
While medical marijuana remains illegal at the federal level, Floridians voted to make the treatment option available to individuals with certain qualifying medical conditions ranging from cancer, to epilepsy, to post-traumatic stress disorder, to glaucoma.
A physician is required to undergo specialized training in order to prescribe marijuana. According to a Dec. 1 list by the Florida Department of Health, there are currently 11 physicians in Escambia County and seven in Santa Rosa County who have undergone the necessary training.
Reynolds said once patients receive their prescription and enroll in a Florida's medical marijuana use registry, Surterra's staff of wellness coordinators would be available to help clients understand what products are available and their benefits.
"It feels more like a living room or a kitchen, where you're hanging out with friends and talking about your wellness," Reynolds said of the new, locally-staffed dispensary.
More: Trulieve: Pensacola's medical marijuana industry needs more certified doctors
The organization also provides home deliveries in the local area. For more information on the organization, visit surterra.com.
Pensacola's first medical marijuana dispensary was opened by Trulieve earlier this year. Although such businesses are slowly spreading across the state, access to medical marijuana has been an issue as Florida officials have faced delays, lawsuits and uncertainty in regulating the burgeoning industry.
Recently, a Pensacola man joined a lawsuit against several state officials who missed a legislative deadline to license 10 new dispensaries.
News Journal reporter Kevin Robinson can be reached at 850-435-8527 or krobinson4@pnj.com
Read or Share this story: http://www.pnj.com/story/news/2017/12/11/surterra-opens-pensacola-medical-marijuana-dispensary/930618001/
Disclaimer
UNCUT Magazine does not store any files. Everything posted on this site is for promotional use only. Files downloaded should be kept for no longer then 24 hours and then deleted. Please support the artists and buy their music. All music and videos are copyrights to the original owners.
Two people are dead after an apparent murder-suicide on West Alexander Road near North Grand Canyon Drive in Las Vegas, according to Metro Police.
Officers were called to the 10000 block of West Alexander Road at 8:30 p.m. Sunday. Police said it appears to be a domestic disturbance where a husband killed his wife, before killing himself.
Stay with FOX5 for the latest information.
Copyright 2017 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
You'd think a pro golfer like David Howell would be positively furious if his caddie noticed a rules violation after he took a shot, especially when the caddie is working with him for the first time.
But that's not the case here. The veteran golfer took to Twitter to talk about his caddie's honesty during the Alfred Dunhill Links Championship this week, where he missed the cut:
MyCaddy noticed I'd teed up in front of tee marker on 18 today, 2 shot penalty, 1st day with me, honest as the day is long, #Integrity — David howell (@davidhowell530) October 5, 2017
Blue T & white T were touching giving the impression of being 1 teeing ground, he checked I was behind the marker, I was wrong one though 😩 — David howell (@davidhowell530) October 5, 2017
Nope, I patted him on the back and told him he's just done a good honest thing, it's not easy doing that when it hurts your own pocket — David howell (@davidhowell530) October 5, 2017
That's true. By telling the golfer about the mistake and costing Howell two strokes, he's losing a cut of a more winning.
(Thanks to GolfWeek for sharing.)
Grant secured for music development
Teachers and students will soon be afforded the opportunity to be trained to create music,
using technology.
The National School of Music has acquired a grant to introduce a music programme that allows for the creation of music with the use of a software programme.
This was disclosed by the National School of Music Administrator, Andrew Tyndall.
Tyndall noted that the money was obtained from the Canadian Development Bank through the Basic Needs Trust Fund.
The training, according to a government release, will be conducted with teachers and students from various schools throughout the regions and will commence in March.
The programme, according to Tyndall, should be a success since the government has been investing heavily to ensure that every school has a computer laboratory.
“They already have what we could say is the basic instrument that is required, they have a computer lab so once the teachers get the training they could go back and they have somewhere they could teach this programme,” Tyndall explained.
Additionally, the programme will give persons who are creative and do not know how to play an instrument but are “tech savvy” to be able to create music. Since the programme will be in the form of software, it can be installed on devices such as a laptop or an I-Pad.
“You could use that same instrument that you use to play games or to do your assignment or to do your research that will become your work station, you could produce music, you could build tracks,” Tyndall stated.
Tyndall pointed out that the programme will also serve as a means to empower youths who can, in the future, become entrepreneurs with the establishment of their own recording studio.
SteelHouse CEO Says Facebook Is Very Protective of User Data
Mark Douglas, SteelHouse president and chief executive officer, discusses the reports that a political advertising firm retained information on millions of Facebook users without their consent. He speaks with Bloomberg's Caroline Hyde on "Bloomberg Technology." (Source: Bloomberg)
The US-Saudi relationship, bound by common interests in oil and security, dates back to the 1930s. This strategic alliance has never been in complete harmony, however, and has passed through difficult times, according to an eye-opening book by Naif bin Hethlain.
Facing waning US involvement in the Middle East and a resurgent Iran, a new generation of Saudi leaders are instigating a more assertive foreign policy. The Saudi Arabia-led war in Yemen marks a shift from checkbook diplomacy to taking a more militaristic stance in the region. However, Donald J. Trump's decision to make his first official visit to Saudi Arabia since taking office signals “the beginning of a turning point in the relationship between the US, the Arab and Islamic world,” Saudi Foreign Minister Adel Al-Jubeir told reporters in Riyadh.
“Saudi Arabia and the US since 1962: Allies in Conflict” is a detailed and analytical account of the US-Saudi relationship since 1962. The DNA of Saudi Arabia's foreign policy was determined by King Abdulaziz Al-Saud, the founder of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. It is based on principles of good neighborly relations, non-interference in the affairs of other countries and strengthening relations with Gulf, Arab and Islamic states.
King Abdulaziz Al-Saud, known as Ibn Saud, was one of the most successful, admired and dynamic leaders of the first half of the 20th century. US President Franklin D. Roosevelt met him on Feb. 14, 1945, aboard the USS Quincy on the Great Bitter Lake in Egypt. The king asked the president about US reliability in the future, insisting that Arabs should not have to pay for the misdeeds of others.
A month later, during a joint session of Congress, Roosevelt said: “I learned more about the whole problem of Arabia, the Muslims, the Jewish problem, by talking to Ibn Saud for five minutes than I could have learned in the exchange of two or three dozen of letters.”
Between 1962 and 1979, the Saudi leader not only strengthened the alliance with the US but also relied on it for arming and training his military. He actively sought to counter the influence of socialism and Arab nationalism by promoting Pan-Islamism as an alternative. However, during the Suez Crisis, Saudi Arabia stood by Egypt's Gamal Abdel Nasser and was joined by the US in a stand against the tripartite attack instigated by France, England and Israel on Oct. 29, 1956.
On the Dec. 3, 1956, Britain and France, under US pressure, agreed to withdraw immediately from Egypt. This was an important diplomatic victory for Nasser which made him incredibly popular in the Arab world. While US policy was now concentrating on containing Nasser's influence, the Saudi king believed that the Americans should develop friendly relations with Nasser. He even told the US ambassador who sought his opinion on the Egyptian leader that “Nasser was a profoundly intelligent and ambitious man who unquestionably had a tremendous hold on the Arab masses, including many sections of the Saudi population. He added that he was not afraid of Nasser inciting revolution in Saudi Arabia as, regardless of the Egyptian's popularity, the Saudis did not want Nasser or Egypt to rule over them,” the book's author wrote.
After King Abdulaziz Al-Saud's visit to Egypt, the two states declared in a joint communiqué that they did not approve of the presence of foreign troops on the soil of any Arab country. While Nasser developed warmer relations with Saudi Arabia thanks to the king's acknowledgement of the Egyptian president's soaring popularity in the Arab world, Robert Komer, a member of the National Security Council, suggested a change in US policy. He recommended that Nasser be offered economic assistance to develop Egypt in a bid to lure the country away from Soviet influence. Although Nasser was grateful for the US aid, it did not lead to any meaningful change in the relationship between the two countries.
Soon, Nasser would face growing problems which began when he decided to send troops to Yemen. In his haste, he had overlooked how difficult it would be to bring peace back to Yemen. Nasser had also overestimated his military power and his crushing June 1967 defeat at the hands of Israel destroyed his personal image and knocked him off his pedestal. After his death, Anwar Sadat took charge and Egypt shocked the USSR by expelling the Soviet military experts. This decision paved the way for a strong strategic alliance between Saudi Arabia and Egypt. However, Sadat went on to sign the Camp David Accords without Saudi support.
“The US had overestimated not only what the Saudis could do, but also what they would do. The Saudis, as Arabs, were no less opposed to the accords than their more radical fellow Arabs. They were never inclined to support it directly. As participants in the Arab consensus, they were willing to tone down, but not oppose Arab condemnation of Camp David,” Hethlain wrote.
The era of King Abdulaziz, which was characterized by Saudi-American collaboration, gave way to the era of King Fahd from 1979 to 2001 which Hethlain has divided in two phases in his book. The first King Fahd era (1979-1990) came during a time of great instability dominated by the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan. This war threatened both US and Saudi interests and it eventually led to close cooperation between the two.
When the US was ready to offer the Soviets a way out of Afghanistan, Saudi Arabia was chosen to make the diplomatic move. An offensive Mikhail Gorbachev told Saudi Prince Bandar bin Sultan Al-Saud that the US would let the Saudis down: “I know everything you are doing there. You are spending $200 million a year in Afghanistan.” Bandar answered: “You are losing people, we are losing money… but we can always print more.” At this point in the discussion, Gorbachev asked to be alone with the Saudi representative and reportedly told him: “If we are not pushed or humiliated or taken advantage of, we will leave. You can tell King Fahd that by next March, we will be out of Afghanistan.”
“What was not known to Bandar at the time was that the decision to withdraw had been taken by the Soviet leadership as early as November 1986,” Hethlain wrote.
The inclusion of verbal diplomatic exchanges adds some well-needed spice to the narrative. The author's research for this book is outstanding despite his inability to secure interviews with key Saudi figures
This definitive work on the complex relationship between Saudi Arabia and the US since 1965 ends with a study of the King Abdullah era (2001-2006) which was marked by the September 11 attacks. Although the ensuing “war on terror” set both countries on a collision course, the US and Saudi Arabia have worked hard to rebuild their ties. “Both the US and the Kingdom need to work together as much as possible to push the peace process forward and to reduce support for violent extremism on both sides. There will never be truly shared common objectives or perceptions without resolution of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict,” Hethlain wrote.
Donald Trump cannot ignore the fact that many countries need Arab oil and a disruption in supply would impact the international economy and markets around the world. Saudi Arabia is still considered a key American ally and good Saudi-US relations are indispensable to the stability of the Middle East.
Hethlain has written an impressive and highly detailed account of the strategic alliance between Saudi Arabia and the US since 1962. This book is essential reading for scholars, diplomats, students and politicians with an interest in Saudi Arabia and its role in the Middle East and the world.
The Clark County Coroner's Office identified a man killed in a shooting near Charleston Boulevard and Valley View Boulevard on May 9.
Medical examiners said 44-year-old Scott Anthony Hayse died from a gunshot wound to the chest. The manner was ruled a homicide.
According to Las Vegas Metro police, officers responded to the shooting at noon in the 1200 block of Melville Drive. Hayse was at a home in the area with a friend who was working on a vehicle. The suspect arrived at the home at got into a fight with Hayse before the shooting.
[RELATED: Deadly shooting under investigation in Las Vegas]
Police said they do not believe the shooting is random.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
RED's cinematic full frame WEAPON cameras with the MONSTRO 8K VV sensor is available for purchase. Discover the different packages and the performance of the new sensor.
MONSTRO is an evolutionary step in large-format sensor technology, with improvements in image quality including dynamic range and shadow detail. RED's newest camera and sensor combination, WEAPON 8K VV, offers full frame lens coverage, captures 8K full format motion at up to 60 fps, produces ultra-detailed 35.4 megapixel stills, and delivers incredibly fast data speeds — up to 300 MB/s.
Like all of RED's DSMC2 cameras, WEAPON shoots simultaneous REDCODE RAW and Apple ProRes or Avid DNxHD/HR recording and adheres to the company's dedication to OBSOLESCENCE OBSOLETE — a core operating principle that allows current RED owners to upgrade their technology as innovations are unveiled and move between camera systems without having to purchase all new gear.
The WEAPON 8K VV is priced starting at $79,500 (for the camera BRAIN) with upgrades available for carbon fiber WEAPON customers. RED is also offering RED ARMOR-W, an upgraded coverage program for RED WEAPON cameras that includes increased warranty protection, and a sensor swap service. RED also created recommended packages for the WEAPON 8K VV. The DSMC2 Accessory Packages make buying a RED camera easy and include most of the necessary components to create the configuration that's right for different users. Find more information about the packages on RED's website.
To check MONSTRO's performed check the video published by RED, which demonstrates the noise performance of RED's MONSTRO 8K VV sensor compared to DRAGON 8K VV for a challenging low-light scene with deep shadows. Each lens was also stopped down to f/8 to further reduce the amount of light hitting each sensor.
The video first shows how each sensor depicts the scene at ISO 3200 without any cropping, where you will notice subtle noise differences in the shadows on the top left and far right. However, since both sensors capture at 8K resolution, these images benefit greatly from supersampling to produce a very clean image overall. The second phase of the video then zooms in by 200%, which reduces the benefit of supersampling and the noise improvements with MONSTRO become more apparent. The third phase of the video maintains the 200% zoom but increases the ISO speed to ISO 6400, which begins to show a dramatic noise improvement with MONSTRO. Then the last phase of the video maintains ISO 6400, but zooms in again by another 200%, and you can see how MONSTRO sets an all-new standard for shadow detail and noise performance. Note that the last phase of the clip is the equivalent of viewing pixels from the camera at 1:1 if viewed on a 2K monitor.
Was This Post Helpful:
The current chairman of Cement Roadstone Holdings and the Musgrave Group, Nicholas Hartery, has been appointed as the new chairman of Horse Racing Ireland.
The appointment was made last Thursday, May 24 by the Minister for Agriculture, Michael Creed. The Minister said he was “confident that Mr Hartery will provide innovative strategic leadership and direction to the horse racing sector”.
The position is for a period of five years.
Mr Hartery, who replaces Joe Keeling, has a lifelong interest in horses and is the owner of a stud farm in Co Limerick where he breeds mainly thoroughbred horses for flat racing, selling foals, yearlings and broodmares and has had winners in Group 1, 2 and 3 races.
As well as his roles with CRH and the Irish wholesaler Musgraves, he is also the current President and CEO of PRODIUM, a consultancy and business advisory firm.
In the past he has held senior management positions with companies including Dell Computers, Eastman Kodak, EMEA, Verbatim Corporation and General Electric.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Asamoah Gyan, remember him?
The former Reading FC target was close to making a shock switch to Royals at the start of the season.
The deal for the Ghanaian international fell through however, with the striker failing a medical .
The precise details as to why were not revealed, just Jaap Stam saying he was not in 'good shape' .
What that refers to remains a mystery, but it could well have been linked to his hairstyle.
We're speculating of course, but his barnet is the latest thing to have gotten him into a spot of bother.
The 31-year-old , currently on loan at Dubai-based Al-Ahli, has breached United Arab Emirates Football Association guidelines on hairstyles, according to Mirror Online .
Gyan's new 'do is a mohawk, something which he sported for his country during the Africa Cup of Nations in January.
But Islamic teachings ban 'Qaza' hairstyles where only part of the head is shaved.
Looks like he's going to have to go back to the barbers...
Well, at least he's honest?
Giancarlo Stanton bid farewell to Miami with a shockingly honest Instagram post, highlighted by the mention of “unprofessional, circus times” there.
Thank you to the Marlins Organization & the amazing city of Miami! The city that adopted me at 17 with open arms. I've loved this place over the years and it will always be special to me.
I appreciate All my teammates & coaching Staff that battled day in and day out
I feel for u fans, you've stuck with me as we've shared some roller coaster years.
I've always tried to be as professional as possible during the unprofessional , circus times there!
Regardless of the Ups&downs, I've grown n learned a lot as a Person/Player. So for that I give thanks, I hope there are better days in Miami . The city & the people are too great not to be!
Stay positive & much love ! ————————————— As for NEW YORK CITY !!! I am officially a YANKEE🔥🔥
I can't wait to spark this new chapter in my life, & keeping it Lit 🗽
Sure, as far as brutally honest takes, it's not that bad or surprising that he has mixed feelings about a team he's departing, especially with some comments that Derek Jeter made at a press conference the same day. And yes, that's what we always want from our athletes and celebrities, right?
But the thing about social media — especially Instagram — is that it's built on putting on your best face. That's the whole point of the platform, in its essence: To show that everything is fine and that you're definitely always having a good hair day. Or for, in Stanton's case, posting photos like this:
A Deputy in Serindipity A post shared by Giancarlo Stanton (@giancarlo818) on Oct 17, 2017 at 8:49pm PDT
Read more over at USA TODAY Sports.
Share
Viewing immersive content hasn't yet caught up to the increasing resolution of 360 cameras — but 360 camera manufacturer Insta360 has developed a solution that will allow viewers to watch 8K immersive content, even if the only thing they have is a smartphone. On Wednesday, May 30, Insta360 announced CrystalView, a tech that will allow 8K playback even on mobile devices that don't yet support 8K by using different algorithms to prioritize only the content currently being viewed. The announcement also comes with FarSight, a new remote system that allows videographers to hide the crew by operating the camera from up to 1.86 miles away.
CrystalView aims to help bring high-resolution content to headsets and smartphones that only support a 4K resolution. How? The software downsamples the portions of the video that the viewer isn't looking at. That reduced resolution allows the program to prioritize the view that is actually being watched.
By sectioning out the video and prioritizing what is actually on the screen at the time, CrystalView allows the 8K resolution 360 videos to be not quite so taxing on the hardware that is trying to manage such a large file. An 8K 360 video has 8,000 pixels stretched across the entire 360 view, which means, in many cases, it's the file size and not the screen resolution that limits the playback quality.
CrystalView's less demanding format will help when streaming on demand, as well as for reviewing videos stored on the device, Insta360 says. The concept is first coming to Insta360 Player this summer, but the company also plans to make a software development kit that will allow other companies to add the feature to their playback programs. The update is coming to Insta360 Player sometime this summer, the company says.
For 360 creators, one of the challenges of shooting in every direction is hiding the crew from the footage. Insta360 is working to make that a simpler task to tackle with the new FarSight system for the Insta360 Pro. FarSight uses a pair of transmitters and receivers to send the video a wider range than built-in Wi-Fi allows.
The receiver can display 1080p video, allowing a real-time preview and control of the camera. The system works up to 0.31 miles away ground-to-ground, or 1.86 miles air-to-ground. The system is slated for a summer release, with compatibility with Mac, Windows, iOS, and Android, as well as tablets and routers.
On Wednesday, May 30, Insta360 also announced that an Adobe Premiere Pro extension is coming this week. The previously announced plug-in saves stitching as the last step while still allowing for stitched previews, which helps save time by giving the computer a smaller file to work with until the edits are completed. The Insta360 Stitcher 1.7.0 will export a fully stitched version at the end. The beta version is coming in the next few days, the company says.
The Senator representing Bauchi Central Senatorial District, Hamman Misau, has opened a can worms against the Inspector General of Police, Idris Kpotun Ibrahim. The President and cabinet members were shocked by the issues raised by the minister. Of s...
Image copyright Google Image caption The accident happened near haulage firm B. Mundell Ltd's Tarbert depot
A man and a woman were taken to hospital after a collision between a car and two cyclists on the A83.
The incident happened about a quarter of a mile south of haulage firm B. Mundell Ltd's depot in Tarbert around midday on Tuesday.
Police said a black Volkswagen Golf being driven by a 24-year-old man collided with a 63-year-old man and a 61-year-old woman.
Both cyclists were taken to Mid-Argyll Hospital in Lochgilphead.
The woman was later transferred to the Royal Alexandra Hospital in Paisley for treatment for head and leg injuries.
Accident investigations
Her condition is described by hospital staff as serious.
The man was released after treatment for arm and shoulder injuries.
The driver of the car was uninjured.
The road was closed for about five hours to allow accident investigations to take place.
Police have appealed for anyone who witnessed the incident or who has dashcam footage of the vehicles involved to contact them.
By Music News Group
Luis Trinh/NBC(LOS ANGELES) — The Celebrity Apprentice returns for its eighth season Monday night on NBC, with 16 new celebrity contestants and “The Governorator” Arnold Schwarzenegger presiding over the boardroom, which moves from New York City to Los Angeles.
The 69-year-old actor has played roles from nice guys to predators, and he says the celebrities will get a taste of both in his boardroom.
“I think you will a see a guy that is like [the one] in Twins, and the guy that is in Kindergarten Cop, but is [also] the guy that is in Predator and that is in Terminator,” adding, “I will be kind, but I will be tough.”
While the choice of Schwarzenegger as President-elect Donald Trump's is perfect says one of this season's contestants, celebrity stylist, fashion designer and TV personality Carson Kressley.
“It's a show that is smart and has a lot of heart…and I think he's like a great poster child for that, 'cause he's made it…he can be our cheerleader and he can inspire us,” says the former Queer Eye for the Straight Guy star.
Adds Kressley, “At other times, I just think about him wearing a deer skin speedo, holding a sword and wearing a helmet.”
This season's other contestants include Wilson Phillips' Carnie Wilson; boxer Laila Ali, daughter of Muhammad Ali; TV personality Brooke Burke-Charvet; former pro football players Eric Dickerson and Ricky Williams; Culture Club frontman Boy George; American Ninja Warrior host Matt Iseman; The Morning Buzz Live host Carrie Keagan; basketball star Lisa Leslie; comedian Jon Lovitz; Mötley Crüe's Vince Neil; reality TV star Nicole “Snooki” Polizzi; The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills‘ Kyle Richards; UFC fighter Chael Sonnen and former Real Housewives of Atlanta star Porsha Williams.
The New Celebrity Apprentice premieres Monday at 8 p.m. ET.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Source:: Entertainment
Police have arrested a woman believed to have visited neonatal units of hospitals in the Carolinas “possibly in attempts to abduct a child.”
Linda Mae Everett, 36, visited a woman and children's hospital in Wilmington, NC, on April 5th, but was denied entry at a check-in desk where all visitors must present photo identification, reports the News & Observer.
Undeterred, Everett made her way to patient care areas anyway, says a rep for the New Hanover Regional Medical Center. She was reportedly stopped and questioned when she was spotted without a visitor's badge.
While the hospital says there was no attempt to remove an infant, per the Wilmington Star-News, police fear that was Everett's plan. Following warrants for her arrest, she was taken into custody in High Point, some 200 miles from Wilmington, on Tuesday, reports ABC11.
She faces three counts of felony breaking and entering and one count of misdemeanor larceny tied to the April 5th incident.
Police say Everett also faces one count of misdemeanor larceny tied to an incident in Brunswick County. She is out on bond, reports WWAY. (This woman admitted kidnapping a newborn 20 years ago.)
More From Newser
How a former Yankees exec has resurrected the Angels This was a few days before the non-waiver trade deadline in late July. I was on the phone with Billy Eppler asking about his no-man's land. The Angels general manager...
How the Angels are trying to give Yankees castoffs new life Billy Eppler worked for the Yankees from 2004-15 before becoming the Angels general manager and his spring training roster reflects much of his roots. A group of players Eppler helped...
How Mike Trout's legend grows, but Angels' win total may not TEMPE, Ariz. — Atop a berm, roughly 30 feet beyond the left-field wall at Diablo Stadium, garbage cans are spaced roughly a first down apart. Angels general manager Billy Eppler...
Andrew Miller's two biggest regrets about 2015 season Andrew Miller left The Bronx on Wednesday with two regrets. “I thought we had a chance to win it all and we didn't get it done,” Miller said outside Yankee...
Brian Cashman wants new No. 2 to come from inside Yankees Brian Cashman said his first choice to replace departing assistant general manager Billy Eppler is with an inside promotion. However, the Yankees GM told The Post he would do external...
Yankees' assistant GM finally gets coveted Angels job Billy Eppler, a bridesmaid the last time the Angels named a general manger in 2011, received the job this time, The Post confirmed. Eppler, the Yankees' director of professional scouting,...
Michael Conforto or Greg Bird? Scouts take pick of 2 phenoms This is how long the baseball season is: You can send a couple of kids off to the minors in March with the likely ETA of 2016 at the earliest,...
Here's my final thoughts on WWE Raw's TLC: Tables, Ladders & Chairs 2017!
Alicia Fox vs. Sasha Banks
Reactions: You know what? For a Kickoff Match that looked like a pure squash on paper, this turned out a tad bit better than I expected it to be. Alicia got a lot of time to work her gimmick as the chick with a few screws loose, which was fun to watch since it's usually not on display these days. And Banks came with her working boots on as usual. This was a decent little contest that kept me somewhat entertained due to Alicia's wild in-ring antics. More Alicia Fox sounds like a great idea to me, so can we get more of that please?
Rating: 2 out of 5 Stars
Alexa Bliss (c) vs. Mickie James (WWE Raw Women's Championship)
Reactions: While the action here was passable, both women didn't really do enough to get me and the crowd fully into it. I've gotten used to enjoying Bliss' mic work more than her generic performances in the ring. That was the case once again with this title match. This was as basic as it comes, folks – babyface starts out on a good note, heel uses dirty tactics to gain control, babyface makes a comeback, then the heel employs even more dirty tactics to gain the victory. Wash, rinse and repeat. This bland matchup belonged on an episode of Main Event, not a PPV.
Rating: 1 & a Half out of 5 Stars
Asuka vs. Emma
Reactions: This one was akin to the structure seen during this show's Kickoff Match. Emma put in a good effort as she adopted a game plan that kept her in the fight. But once Asuka really got going, there was no stopping her. Emma pulled off a few good maneuvers on her fiercest NXT rival, but Asuka's main roster debut wasn't to be ruined on this evening. Asuka pulled out all the best moves NXT viewers have become so accustomed to cheering for. This showcase did its job of making Asuka look like the mega threat she's been built up to be.
Rating: 2 out of 5 Stars
Kalisto (c) vs. Enzo Amore (WWE Cruiserweight Championship)
Reactions: If it wasn't for Kalisto's interesting offense, this one would have been a complete dud. That doesn't mean this match was completely saved by his involvement, however. It just means it wasn't a complete bore. But sadly, this title match seemed to drag on and on and on while Enzo was in control. And unsurprisingly, Kalisto's moments of control revived the action and got the crowd (slightly) back into it. But the deflating feeling I felt after this match's conclusion didn't help matters much. This wasn't 100-percent atrocious, but it was halfway there.
Rating: 1 & a Half out of 5 Stars
“The Demon” Finn Bálor vs. AJ Styles
Reactions: FINALLY! TLC 2017 was shaping up to be a complete waste of time until this dream match kicked off. The crowd came unglued as soon as the bell rung and they had every right to be excited. And thankfully, Finn and AJ largely delivered on the high expectations set by their previous work against other Superstars. This first time meeting between former Bullet Club members started off with some grueling counters and stiff strikes. Then this match slowly turned into something memorable once AJ got “The Demon” under control.
Once Finn got going, this match came alive even more. Finn and AJ blasted each other with their signature strikes and constantly pulled out unique moves. Witnessing the return of Finn's 1916 maneuver was definitely a nice touch. And watching Finn wriggle and scream in pain while locked in the Calf Crusher was certainly a nail bitting moment. AJ pulled out all the stops, but Finn's demonic alter-ego met him every step of the way. I enjoyed what both men served up here, but you can tell they could deliver something even more amazing with more time added. Nonetheless, this was a great performance from two men who never laid hands on each other until now.
Rating: 3 & a Half out of 5 Stars
The Brian Kendrick and Jack Gallagher vs. Cedric Alexander and Rich Swann
Reactions: It's hard for me to care about anything that transpires on 205 Live, but at least the talented crew on that show knows how to keep things mildly exciting. These four men put out the type of match that anyone who watches 205 Live is custom to seeing. Thankfully, the action moved a fast pace with few moments of slowdown and everyone got to break out their impressive moves. This tag match was exactly what it needed to be – short and sweet.
Rating: 2 & a Half out of 5 Stars
Elias Samson vs. Jason Jordan
Reactions: Zero stars for the continued vegetable throwing from Jordan during Samson's performances. At least they put on a respectable impromptu matchup. Jordan always brings the hype and fun when he goes Suplex crazy, so at least that kept me alive while watching this. And Samson was…good, I guess. Honestly, that's all I really have to say about this.
Rating: 2 out of 5 Stars
Kurt Angle, Dean Ambrose, and Seth Rollins vs. Braun Strowman, The Miz, Cesaro, Sheamus and Kane (5-on-3 Handicap Tables, Ladders, and Chairs Match)
Reactions: Thank God my fears of Angle getting severely injured during his WWE return match were unfulfilled. The returning Olympic Hero, Ambrose and Rollins turned out a valiant effort against insurmountable odds in an insane main event. The start of this bout was all about those three men swinging chairs and crushing Kane and Strowman through tables. Once this match reached its middle portion, The Miz and his monster squadron tore into their rivals. I can't lie – I tensed up and got extra worried when Strowman slammed Angle right through a table. Me and the crowd's emotional state went up and down as we were all forced to witness Angle being taken to the back.
Ambrose and Rollins then got torn to shreds for a few uncomfortably long minutes. What helped liven this match up again was the complete breakdown of Team Miz once Kane and Strowman began having a “disagreement.” Once Strowman got dumped in a garbage truck for not being a loyal team member, the exciting closing stretch kicked in. Angle came back out and pulled out his Angle Slam and even a second Ankle Lock that almost forced The Miz to tap out. The madness of this main event ended on a great note when The Miz was laid to rest via an Angle-assisted Triple Powerbomb. I may not have loved this match from start to finish, but it still satisfied me due to Angle's healthy comeback.
Rating: 3 out of 5 Stars
Match of the Night
“The Demon” Finn Bálor vs. AJ Styles!
Final Verdict
It's hard to recommend a two match show like this one. The energy in the building was brought to an all-time low thanks to mediocre matches and unnecessary promo segments from Samson and Jordan. But we can all thank Styles vs. Bálor and the TLC main event for making this show slightly bearable. Check out those two marquee matches, do your best to skip the rest and make no mention of this ho-hum PPV ever again.
Final Score: 2 out of 5 Stars
Check out any and all WWE related action figures, books, DVDs, Blu-Rays and other types of merchandise right here.
With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy, it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry. But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone, consumers deci...
We value our content and our journalists, so to get full access to all your local news updated 7-days-a-week – PLUS an e-edition of the Argyllshire Advertiser – subscribe today for as little as 56 pence per week.
Argyll's top health and social care official has resigned.
Christina West's decision to step down follows a call earlier this year by Argyll MSP Michael Russell for ‘genuine change at the very top'.
A spokesman for Argyll and Bute Health and Social Care Partnership (HSCP) said: ‘We can confirm Christina West has resigned from her post of chief officer of the HSCP. She will be with us for another three months, during which time we will recruit for her replacement.'
The HSCP manages health and social care services in Argyll and Bute. In March, the chairman of its governing body, the Integrated Joint Board (IJB), Robin Creelman, apologised for the anxiety caused to staff and patients following an 11th hour decision to reject a secret list of cuts, following public outrage when it was leaked.
An Argyll and Bute Council spokesperson said: ‘Integration of health and social care has been one of the most significant changes in the public sector for decades. Under Christina's leadership she leaves Argyll and Bute's HSCP in a positive position to move forward, with plans in place to drive progress and improvement where needed.'
Kuwait has blocked a US-drafted United Nations Security Council statement that strongly condemned an attack by Gaza militants on Israel on Tuesday.
"The people of Gaza need protection from Hamas"
Israel and Hamas traded rocket fire for hours after the militants shot at least 25 mortars at communities across the south of the country.
One shell landed near a nursery school shortly before it was due to open for the day, but most of Gaza's missiles were intercepted by Israel's rocket defence systems.
Israel said it responded by pounding some 65 militant targets in the Gaza Strip.
US Ambassador to the UN, Nikki Haley, said: "Hamas' actions prove the falsehood of the idea that the people of Gaza require international protection. The people of Gaza do not need protection from an external source. The people of Gaza need protection from Hamas."
Kuwait, a non-permanent council member that represents Arab countries, said it blocked the statement to allow for consideration of a draft resolution it has put forward on the protection of Gazan civilians.
Earlier this month, Kuwait blocked another US-proposed statement that criticised Palestinian Authority chairman Mahmoud Abbas' remarks about Jews and the Holocaust as "unacceptable."
The violence on the border marked the single biggest attack from the Palestinian side since the 2014 Israel-Gaza war.
Neither side has reported casualties.
The Canadian Hockey League in association with Sherwin-Williams, the Western Hockey League, and the Red Deer Rebels Hockey Club, announced that the 2019 Sherwin-Williams CHL/NHL Top Prospects Game will be hosted by the Rebels at ENMAX Centrium on Wednesday January 23, 2019.
The 2019 event will mark the CHL's 24th annual showcase of NHL Draft talent featuring players from across the WHL, as well as the Ontario Hockey League and the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League, competing before hundreds of NHL scouts in attendance.
“The Sherwin-Williams CHL/NHL Top Prospects Game is one of the special hockey events circled annually on the calendar because of the unique experience it offers our players, NHL scouts, and CHL fans across the country,” said CHL President David Branch. “As evidenced last week in Guelph, it's a showcase of our league's rising stars and the next wave of talent eligible for the NHL Draft. On behalf of the Canadian Hockey League we look forward to bringing this event to the City of Red Deer, the Rebels organization, and to the fans on January 23, 2019.”
While Red Deer is a first time host, the event heads to the province of Alberta for the fifth time in 24 years following games in Calgary (1999, 2001, 2014) and Edmonton (2008). Red Deer will become the 16th different Canadian city to host the event with a list that includes Toronto (1996-98, 2000, 2011), Saskatoon (2002), Kitchener (2003), London (2004), Vancouver (2005, 2016), Ottawa (2006), Quebec City (2007, 2017), Oshawa (2009), Windsor (2010), Kelowna (2012), Halifax (2013), St. Catharines (2015), and Guelph (2018).
“We are thrilled to bring another great CHL event to our season ticket members, sponsors, and fans in Central Alberta,” said Rebels Owner/President/General Manager/Head Coach Brent Sutter. “The Sherwin-Williams CHL/NHL Top Prospects Game brings the best in class for the upcoming NHL Draft to our community, and we know our fans will appreciate the level of hockey that is presented. Combined with the U18 Hlinka Gretzky Cup, Canada Winter Games, and the WHL Bantam Draft and Awards, our region looks to be a hub of hockey over the next year!”
The Rebels have had 24 players compete in this event including 12 who were chosen in the first round of the NHL Draft following event participation. Headlining their list of alumni is Ryan Nugent-Hopkins who earned Player of the Game honours as captain for Team Orr with two assists in a 7-1 win over Team Cherry in 2011 before becoming the first overall pick of the Edmonton Oilers. Other Rebels first round picks include Lance Ward (New Jersey 1996), Jesse Wallin (Detroit 1996), Mike Brown (Florida 1997), Colby Armstrong (Pittsburgh 2001), Jeff Woywitka (Philadelphia 2001), Boyd Gordon (Washington 2002), Dion Phaneuf (Calgary 2003), Brandon Sutter (Carolina 2007), Mathew Dumba (Minnesota 2012), Haydn Fleury (Carolina 2014), and Conner Bleackley (Colorado 2014).
“As the official paint sponsor of the CHL, the CHL/NHL Top Prospects Game is a highlight for Sherwin-Williams,” said Lee Diamond, Executive President and General Manager – Canada, Sherwin-Williams. “We are honoured to continue our great partnership with the CHL, and we look forward to cheering on some great talent next year in Red Deer.”
Don't count on bank stocks to bail out investors from the rout in tech shares.
While financial companies helped cushion U.S. stock indexes during previous bouts of tech turmoil in recent years, these days the two market segments are moving in tandem. The shift has come about as the spread between shorter- and longer-term borrowing rates narrows, a negative development for bank stocks.
The dynamic was on display in Monday's markets, when Facebook Inc. dragged tech shares lower following reports of a data breach and increased speculation of a regulatory response. Meanwhile, banks were also down as the Treasury curve flattened and strategists at UBS AG and Morgan Stanley predicted the phenomenon will gain strength this week amid forecasts for Federal Reserve policymakers to boost their projections for interest-rate hikes over the next two years by more than their longer-term estimates.
The thinking for banks is that inasmuch as financial institutions engage in the business of maturity transformation -- borrowing money for a shorter period than they lend money -- a narrowing yield spread is going to be a drag on profits. That relationship hasn't necessarily been borne out when it comes to changes in banks' net interest margins this cycle, but it's something that investors have often taken their cues from.
The fourth quarter of 2017 was an exception. Banks were among the prime beneficiaries of the overhaul to the U.S. tax code, and bested their peers as the legislation progressed. But in 2018, their relative performance has loosely tracked the yield curve once again.
In fact, the 63-session correlation between the daily change in the KBW Bank Index and Nasdaq 100 Index flipped to negative last year for the first time on record. But not only have banks now reconnected with the yield curve -- they're also displaying increased synchronicity with titans of tech: That three-month correlation is now at its most positive level since before the U.S. election.
This return to the old relationship between tech and bank shares is disrupting the key factor driving the low volatility investors enjoyed in 2017: relentless rotation. When tech was struggling, banks were there to help pick up the slack, and vice versa. The shift could portend more market chop in 2018.
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) — Indianapolis Public Schools officials are considering offering new sports in addition to what's customary at the district's schools, as an effort to increase student participation in athletics.
Jamal Smith, IPS district athletic director, believes more sports involvement at the grade school level could provide a solution to several problems IPS and other school districts face.
“Higher participation in sports increases graduation rates, GPAs go up, attendance goes up, dropout rates go down,” said Smith. ” Some research even points to teenage pregnancy decreasing, kids experimenting with drugs and alcohol, that decreases.”
Smith is preparing to send out online surveys to students and parents to gauge their interest in several sports that might be off the beaten track.
“We did a preliminary survey, and some of the sports that popped out were boxing and rugby and lacrosse and gymnastics,” he said.
IPS isn't prepared to roll out new sporting programs just yet. Smith says they want to ensure they have the student interest and also explore their options for bringing on new coaches, re-purposing existing facilities and funding uniforms and equipment.
Just last year, IPS closed three high schools and one middle school to save about $7 million in a belt-tightening budget move. Smith says while he wasn't planning to expand IPS Athletics before the consolidation, it's more feasible to add new sports options to four high schools instead of seven.
“With the sheer consolidation, you're going to have more students in a consolidated space, so you get more participation and a more competitive atmosphere, which we're looking forward to,” he said.
Smith says if students show interest, the district will make it happen, including partnering with universities, renting out their facilities for extra money and working with corporate partnerships.
“By pure definition of us being an inner-city school district, that's one thing we do have in our favor is we're in the inner city. So it's location, location, location,” Smith said.
New sports may take months or years to develop at IPS and will most likely begin as club or intramural sports that could become varsity athletic opportunities. Smith says this initiative should also reach the K-8 grades in the form of club sports, which could become feeder teams for the high school varsity versions.
If you want to support the district's initiative, IPS is hiring coaches for their fall and winter traditional sports. Learn more here.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
ORLANDO, Fla. – In her legal battle with Gov. Rick Scott, Orange Osceola State Attorney Aramis Ayala has her supporters.
Several civil rights groups filed an Amicus brief with the Florida Supreme Court last week in support of Ayala.
The brief is meant to give the court information that relates to the case.
“Scott has undermined the mandate of the voters in an unprecedented power grab,” an attorney for the group wrote in the brief.
Ayala filed a lawsuit against Scott on earlier in the week in federal court and Florida's Supreme Court.
Scott signed a series of executive orders removing Ayala from 23 capital punishment cases, which she is now fighting to get back.
“I'm expecting a positive outcome that restores my prosecutorial authority,” Ayala said.
Dillon Byrne of the VCUK Velochampion team ran out the overall winner of the Kerry Group Ras Mumhan which finished up after four stages of classic racing today.
Byrne laid the foundations for overall victory on Saturday when he finished third on the stage from Listowel to Athea in Co Limerick.
Sunday's stage as far as he was concerned was the cornerstone for outright victory when he finished 11th.
Most of the challengers slipped down the rankings because of the two mountain primes at Valentia Island and Coom an Easpaig.
Byrne who raced Pro Continental on the European Continent last season, now races on the UK circuit. He has been here in Ireland on a number of occasions and a couple of years ago was placed second on the final stage on 2015 in this event.
"It was great to achieve victory. People have a habit of remembering only winners. I'll be back to defend the title next year. This success has to be attributed to the team and the backroom staff and to my sponsors VCUK Velochampion," said the Blackpool native afterwards.
The final stage held over 114 kilometers within the confines of Killorglin/Beaufort area was won by Italian Matteo Ciagala representing the Aqua Blue Sport Academy.
Final classification after four stages
1-D Byrne (VCUK Velochampion), 11hrs.27mins.19secs;
2-T Mazzone (Isle of Man), @12secs;
3-R McLoughlin (Aqua Blue Sport), @16;
4-L Mazzone (isle of Man), @22;
5-M. Garthwaite (Rhino Valley Race Team), same time;
6-M. Dowling (Strats3 Velo),st.
Jersies
Overall - Byrne;
Mountains - E. Morton Fittz Cycles);
Points - T Mazzone
Under 23 - L Mazzone;
A2 Category - C Kissane (Killarney CC Pink)
Team - Ireland U-23
Every week, PowerMizzou.com publisher Gabe DeArmond answers questions from Tiger fans in the mailbag. This format allows for a more expansive answer than a message board post. Keep your eye out each week to submit your question for the mailbag or send them to powermizzou@gmail.com. On to this week's inquiries.
birdhunter12 asks: If you could add one former player (in their college prime) to the current basketball and football teams, who would be it be and why would you choose them?
GD: Usually when I get this question, I just go with the best player regardless of position. In football, I've usually gone with a quarterback. But we probably have to adjust things this year and go with where the rosters are most deficient. We'll start with football and that definitely isn't at QB. I think you'd look at three spots: A big-time No. 1 wide receiver, a big-time pass rusher or a shutdown corner. To be honest, I'm not sure Missouri's really had a shutdown corner in my lifetime. It's tempting to put Jeremy Maclin or somebody like that out there for Drew Lock to throw to, but I'm going to augment the pass rush. Give me Justin Smith and line him up at defensive end. Justin Smith next to Terry Beckner Jr? I'd take that line as the best in the league even in the big, bad SEC. In hoops, this team actually has two really good big men, so I don't worry about that as much. The obvious answer is point guard. I think if Phil Pressey was on this team, he'd have a billion assists and Jeremiah Tilmon would never have to take a shot longer than two feet. But Pressey wasn't a great shooter. I want a guy who can handle the ball, but who can also knock it down. My first instinct was to go with Jon Sundvold and let him play in the three-point era. But I just can't go against Anthony Peeler. AP on the floor with two 6-10 guys? I think he'd do all right.
Bear_P_I ask: The 2018 class went from 3 commits to 10 or 11 in the month of July. A couple of those wound up signing elsewhere, but that month certainly was big in forming the class. Maybe a lot of it has to do with kids wanting to make a decision before starting their senior fall camp. 1) Do you see the potential for that happening again?2) If so, who do you think are the likely commits? 3) Kind of unrelated, but....do you see the potential for as many Texas commits as last year?
GD: I think it's very possible they get quite a few guys coming out of Night at the Zou at the end of the month. Will they get seven? I'm not sure it will be quite that many. But a lot of kids do want to make a decision before their senior season and get recruiting out of the way before they focus on winning games. Let's set the over/under by the start of fall camp at 8.5 commits (total, not additional). So I guess I'm saying they'll get four or five, but I'm really not ready to say who they are. I think Charles Njoku is probably one. I think Missouri is still in very good shape with Marcus Washington and Ira Henry, but I'm just not sure how soon they'll be ready to end the process. As far as Texas guys, Mizzou had ten last year. The Tigers have one right now. They'll get more, but I don't think they reach double digits.
Lexi Churchill
jjspkd asks: I asked this is the Columbia Q thread but didn't get an answer. Why does Tim call you the Colonel? What would you rather cover a Mizzou Final 4 or CFP?As a fan would you rather have a Chiefs or Royals championship. You have mentioned many times that you stop being a fan of teams you cover. You are a Royals fan. Say the Wonder Dog gets fired and you get a call offering you his job. Do you take it or are you not willing to risk losing your fandom?
GD: In order-- There's no great story behind McKernan dubbing me "The Colonel." None of us understand how Tim's mind works. It started when we worked at KOMU together and he kept it up. I don't really know how or why it started. I'd rather cover a Final Four from a personal standpoint. But for business purposes, a college football playoff appearance would be better. Four years ago, I'd have said a Royals championship without hesitation. But I've seen that. So I guess for now I'll go with a Chiefs Super Bowl...but I wouldn't enjoy that nearly as much as I did the 2015 World Series or even the 2014 pennant. First off, I'm not qualified to do Rex Hudler's job in any way, shape or form. The better analogy is if the Kansas City Star wanted me to cover the Royals. I probably wouldn't do it for quite a few reasons. First of all, baseball beat writer is the toughest job in all sports media. You're spending probably 100-125 nights a year on the road when you include spring training and that might not even include any potential playoff games. It's a ton of long days and late nights. Plus, yeah, I don't want to cover the Royals. I just want to watch them and bitch and tweet sarcastically. I can't do that if I cover them.
mufootball1 asks: Does it make sense for the 2019 class to be as large as 25 if it's made up of Plan C recruits?
GD: If you're ready to give up on a recruiting class on the Fourth of July, I can't talk you out of it and you're not really looking for a logical, reasoned answer, anyway. There's a lot of time. That said, Missouri has four commits and the last month has mostly consisted of guys that took official visits in June committing other places. So don't take my first sentence as telling you there's no reason at all to worry. If you're not at least a little bit concerned, you're simply not being honest. There are still a lot of Plan A guys out there for Missouri and I'm willing to wait and see how they do with them. But when only two or three Power Five programs in the country have fewer commitments, I do understand why people are concerned. Let's talk in a month. If more of their top targets go elsewhere and they haven't replaced them with what seem to be equal level guys, then it will be time to be a little bit more concerned. Until then, I'll fall back on something that I think about 10 times a year: I don't know how fans who follow recruiting every single day cope with the emotional roller coaster on which they live.
SEC EAST X 2 asks: Does it make sense for you to conduct interviews or make contact during the dead periods so that recruits keep us in mind and talking about us?
GD: It makes sense for us to conduct interviews and make contact during the dead period because things can still happen during the dead period and it is our job to follow what happens in recruiting. Let me state this in no unequivocal terms: It is not our job in any way, shape or form to recruit for Missouri. It is our job to cover the process, not to be involved in it. Not in any way. Ever. I'll never do it. If I find out someone who works for me is doing it, they will not work for me by that time the following day. I do not work for Mizzou. I do not recruit for Mizzou. We do stories about the kids Mizzou is recruiting. That is it. It matters not to me whether kids are thinking about Mizzou and talking about them or not. If they are, we will do stories on them. If they are not, we will move on to recruits that are.
Hound Dog32 asks: Can you check in on Joe Walljasper just to make sure he's enjoying his sabbatical, and is at least also vaguely aware we have an important football season coming up fairly soon? Understand he's got a real job and all now, but we will need him in top shape to get his contributions in our corner of the world as well. You can likely find him at the Black & Gold.
GD: Joe is good. I was in touch with him last week. He will begin writing for us weekly again the second week in August. He needs to recoup the thousands of dollars he spent in Iceland this summer.
MUCHI asks: Is @gabematter your burner account and are you a) honored, b)annoyed, c) indifferent that it exists?
GD: I have no affiliation with said Twitter account. I am somewhat flattered it exists. I've always thought that having a fake Twitter account about you is a sign that you matter in the world in 2018 (joking...mostly). That said, I'm not a fan of that Twitter account--or any others--bashing high school kids. And if you think there is nobody who believes that account is run by myself and/or Dave Matter and is a legitimate Mizzou media account then you haven't read my mentions.
CamKCMIZ asks: How much do you think Barry Odom being on the hot seat is effecting his ability to get commitments from recruits? Have to believe other coaches are using this to recruit against us and I'm sure these kids want to feel secure when they commit to playing for someone for three or four years. Seems like he's dug himself a hole and the only way out is to win 8 or 9 games and calm the waters.
GD: I guarantee you other schools are telling kids "He isn't gonna be there by the time you finish playing." Guarantee it. In fact, I was told of one prospect who was told that specifically. So, yeah, it might be a factor. As far as your last sentence, yes, he needs to win this year. I've set the bar at eight games. To me, that's the bar for "it's obvious this thing is moving forward and he deserves a few more years to show he's the guy." Next year will almost certainly be worse than this one. So if you have an eight or nine win season in the bank as equity, you can handle a step back. If you win six or seven games with a Heisman candidate at QB and a potential first round pick at DT and you know you're taking a step back next year, this won't be a comfortable few weeks after the season for Odom. But let me make one other thing clear: He's not going to get fired based on the 2019 recruiting class and what it is projected to be. He's going to get fired (or not) based on how many games he wins. The last three recruiting classes haven't been highly ranked. I can tell you the staff loves them. They think they've got guys they can go win with in the SEC. We'll find out this year if they're right and if they will get the chance over the next couple of years to continue proving it. But it won't be a factor what the commit list looks like when Jim Sterk makes that ultimate call.
Zoufan27 asks: With an obvious slump in FB recruiting, do you honestly see BO making it past this season?
GD: See above. If he wins eight, I have no doubt. If he wins seven, I think he'll be back, but I would understand those who didn't agree with it. It has nothing to do with how many commitments he has on the Fourth of July. Nothing.
SpikesDown6 asks: How many Nathan's hotdogs could you get down in 10 minutes and do you think anyone is beating Joey Jaws this year?
GD: Not many. First, I'd puke the first time I dunked a hot dog bun in water and tried to eat it. Soggy bread is foul. Second, I don't want to just cram as much food in my gullet as I can in a short period of time. If I prepared for it, I could get to double digit hot dogs and I would immediately hate myself afterwards. I'll say I might be able to get down a dozen, then I'd probably vomit and would absolutely not eat another hot dog for at least a calendar year. As far as the contest, I have no idea who will win. I probably won't watch it. It's fascinating, but also makes me feel a little bit ill.
Rusty Student asks: How much money did you make in 2017 before taxes?
SandiaTiger asks: You can only appear on one sports talk show for the remainder of your career. Is it A. The Morning After with McKernan B. The Border Patrol on 810C. The Big Show on KTGR
GD: If I never had to appear on another sports talk show, I'd take it. Nothing against the hosts, a lot of them are friends, but the gig doesn't pay well. That said, if I could only pick one, I'd go with the Morning After. I've known Tim for almost 25 years and he's a friend. Plus, those guys make me laugh at least once every time I'm on.
cbcremer1 asks: What's your sign?
Bear_P_I ask: A couple of years ago, satellite camps were starting up and were really controversial, but you don't hear much talk about them now. Is that because:1) most schools are figuring out how to make it work best for them. In other words, “If you can't beat em, join em”Or 2) It wasn't as beneficial, so it lost popularity. Did Mizzou ever take advantage of it?
COPENHAGEN, Denmark — Danish police say divers have found the decapitated head, legs and clothes of a Swedish journalist, who was killed after going on a trip with an inventor on his submarine.
Copenhagen police investigator Jens Moeller Jensen said Saturday that the body parts were found Friday in plastic bags with a knife and “heavy metal pieces” to make them sink near where her naked headless torso was found in August.
Inventor Peter Madsen, who is in pre-trial detention, has said Wall died after being accidentally hit by a heavy hatch in the submarine. But police have said 15 stab wounds were found on the torso found at sea off Copenhagen on Aug. 21. Her arms are still missing.
Wall's cause of death hasn't yet been established yet.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The UK and Welsh governments have been locked in negotiations for months over a key peice of Brexit legislation
The UK and Welsh governments have reached agreement over a long-running Brexit "power-grab" row.
The agreement on changes to the UK Government EU (Withdrawal) Bill follows months of discussions.
Wales' Finance Secretary Mark Drakeford said the deal means powers in areas "currently devolved remain devolved".
Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood accused Labour of selling Wales "down the river" and capitulating to Westminster.
David Lidington, UK Cabinet Office minister, said the deal represented a "significant achievement that will provide legal certainty".
The Scottish Government has rejected the latest offer, saying under the latest proposal the Scottish Parliament's "hands would be tied".
Up until now the Scottish and Welsh governments had been aligned in their stance against the UK Government, and there had been speculation for some time that the two may begin to differ in their approach.
Image copyright PA Image caption Carwyn Jones and Nicola Sturgeon have previously spoken out against the Brexit legislation jointly
The row centred on what would happen after the UK's withdrawal from the European Union to 64 powers in devolved areas, such as agriculture support and food labelling.
The powers are currently operated by EU officials in Brussels.
As part of its EU (Withdrawal) Bill - which plans to transfer EU laws into UK law in order to avoid a legal "black hole" post-Brexit - the UK government had initially proposed that those powers should transfer to directly to Westminster rather than to the devolved administrations.
It led Welsh and Scottish ministers to label the proposed law a "naked power-grab".
In February, the UK government said it had made a "considerable" offer, which would see the vast majority of those devolved powers returning to Cardiff, Edinburgh and Belfast while the rest temporarily stayed in London.
Although ministers in Cardiff said at the time the offer did not go far enough, following further discussions the UK and Welsh governments reached agreement on Tuesday on an enhanced proposal.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The changes to the Brexit bill mean the consent of the assembly would be needed for powers to be held to Westminster
The agreed amendment is to be tabled by the UK government in Parliament on Wednesday.
It means any changes to powers held in Westminster would need the consent of the devolved legislatures, and that those powers will be held in Westminster for no more than seven years.
Finance Secretary Mark Drakeford said: "Our aim throughout these talks has been to protect devolution and make sure laws and policy in areas which are currently devolved remain devolved and this we have achieved."
He said: "London has changed its position so that all powers and policy areas rest in Cardiff, unless specified to be temporarily held by the UK government.
"These will be areas where we all agree common, UK-wide rules are needed for a functioning UK internal market.
"In a devolved UK the respective governments need to deal with each other as equals and this agreement is a step in the right direction.
"This approach must now continue as we prepare for leaving the EU and the next phase of talks with Brussels," he added.
Image caption Mark Drakeford called the agreement a step in the right direction
Mr Lidington said: "This is a significant achievement that will provide legal certainty, increase the powers of the devolved governments and also respect the devolution settlements."
He added: 'It is disappointing that the Scottish Government have not yet felt able to add their agreement to the new amendments that Ministers and officials on all sides have been working on very hard over recent weeks.
"I thank them for that effort and hope that they may still reconsider their position."
As an insurance policy in case agreement was not reached, the Welsh Government fast-tracked a so-called Continuity Bill through the assembly in a bid to safeguard Welsh powers.
Last week, the UK government said it would refer that bill to the Supreme Court to decide whether it could become law.
But following agreement on changes to the EU (Withdrawal) Bill, Welsh ministers now say they will withdraw their Continuity Bill as long as the UK government withdraws its Supreme Court action against the law.
Plaid Cymru Leader Leanne Wood said: "By capitulating to Westminster on the EU Withdrawal Bill, the Labour Government is selling Wales down the river.
"This is a bare-faced Westminster power grab which undermines the will of the people of Wales who voted for more powers in two referendums."
Fugett was sentenced to 20 years but got out early. (Source: WAVE 3 News)
Isiah Fugett was arrested Monday on new charges. (Source: LMDC)
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - A man convicted of killing two University of Louisville students during a drug deal in 2004 was arrested on gun charges this week.
But he's already out of jail, on home incarceration.
Isiah Fugett was charged with murder, but pleaded guilty to manslaughter and tampering with evidence in the deaths of Eric Ray and Robert Robbins.
PREVIOUS STORIES
+ Prosecutors Seek Death Penalty In Double Murder
+ Testimony Continues In Fugett Trial
+ Fugett pleads guilty; Sentenced to 20 years
Both men were shot outside a downtown Louisville hotel.
Fugett was given a 20-year sentence, but was released early.
He was arrested Monday night after a traffic stop in Phoenix Hill when police say they found a gun under the driver's seat.
Fugett is not allowed to own a firearm because of his felony convictions.
That led to a new felony charge and three misdemeanors.
Wednesday afternoon a judge released Fugett on home incarceration.
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News. All Rights Reserved.
Former President, Goodluck Jonathan has spoken of his party, PDP's preparedness for the 2019 presidential elections. He said Buhari and his APC party cannot beat PDP. The media aides of president Buhari went to visit him in London. General Overseer o...
Woman claiming she was ​raped by waiter taking case to BBB An upstate woman who says she was ​raped and brutalized by a waiter at a Hard Rock Hotel in Mexico is taking a bizarre route to ​justice — complaining to...
Why even businesses with 'A' ratings can't be trusted Don't be fooled by that A-rating from the Better Business Bureau, a consumer watchdog group warned on Tuesday. Fifteen companies that carried an A-rating from the BBB in 2016 had...
MyPillow downgraded by biz bureau for misleading customers Nothing in life is free — not even pillows. The Better Business Bureau has revoked the accreditation of the MyPillow, a popular “As Seen On TV” product, and downgraded its...
This lingerie startup isn't so cute anymore Adore Me, the subscription lingerie retailer, is not so loved, it turns out. It's racked up nearly 700 customer complaints and an F rating from the Better Business Bureau. On...
Cumberland (4-8, 3-3 Mid-South) ended the regular season with the loss and will play again Friday in the Mid-South Conference Championships in Bowling Green, Ky.
The Patriots (13-7, 5-1) won all three doubles outings to begin the match, with the fifth-ranked duo of Isabella Dale and Jaclyn Jewell defeating Jecker and Ainhoa Garjio Garrido, 8-4, at No. 1. Denee Lyttle and Luka Lyttle posted an 8-1 victory at No. 3 over Beleń Salazar Yańez and Trinidad Aguirre before Maria Ochoa and Marian Bogajo pulled out a 9-7 win at No. 3 versus Sarah Edwards and Ferrando Pea.
Dale, ranked eighth nationally in singles, recorded a 7-6, 6-2, victory at No. 1 against 27th-ranked Garjio Garrido and Denee Lyttle defeated Jasmine Shankar, 6-3, 6-3, at No. 4 to clinch the team victory.
Ferrando Pea collected a 6-2, 7-6 (2) win at No. 2 against Ochoa and Jecker outlasted Jewell at No. 3, 7-6 (6), 3-6, 7-6 (6).
The Cumberlands finished the match with Luka Lyttle posting a 6-1, 6-3, win at No. 5 against Edwards and Bogajo registering a 6-1, 3-6, 10-8, victory at No. 6 over Aguirre.
28 of the 58 National Senior Certificate subjects written by the matric class of 2016 will have their marks adjusted upwards, assurance body Umalusi announced recently.
While the number of subjects adjusted upwards has been disclosed, the reasons why certain subjects were chosen for a mark increase have not been made public, said Gavin Davis – the DA's Shadow Minister of Basic Education.
Davis recently wrote an open letter to Umalusi, asking the body why certain matric 2016 results were adjusted by it and the Department of Basic Education.
In the letter, Davis disclosed information about the matric 2016 mark adjustments which was revealed during a recent “standardisation meeting” with Umalusi and the department which he attended.
“Some of the subjects saw a dramatic upwards adjustment,” said Davis, including maths and maths literacy.
Confidential report
Davis said attendees of the meeting were given data books on the mark adjustments and were told which marks would be adjusted.
He said the data was marked as confidential and he was given a confidentiality agreement to sign, which he did not do – on the grounds that his duty to act in the public interest overrode it.
Davis said there was no reason why the matric results – and their adjustments – should not be open for the public to scrutinise.
The 28 subjects which were adjusted upwards are detailed in the table below, as per the information supplied by Davis.
Davis said Tshivenda Home Language and Geography were adjusted using a non-computer-calculated formula. A group of subjects also only received half adjustments based on the recommended computer-calculated figures.
The full breakdown of adjustments per subject can be seen on MyBroadband.
Why marks are adjusted
Upward mark adjustments normally take place when “the exam paper was demonstrably more difficult than previous years”.
Davis said no evidence was put forward to “demonstrate that these papers were of a higher standard” and that the starting point for adjusting the marks was not the papers, but the results.
“In cases when the raw mark was worse than last year's, the department went back to the paper and found difficult questions to explain the drop in the raw mark. The DBE then motivated for the raw mark to be adjusted upwards accordingly.”
Davis said this method was incorrect, as the difficulty of the paper should be assessed independently of the results.
“The problem of using the raw marks… is that there may be cases in which the paper was of the appropriate standard, but the learners were below the standard of previous years.”
He also pointed out that where subject marks were higher than previous years, the department did not go back to the exam papers to see if they were “too easy”.
26 subjects did not have their marks adjusted, while four subjects had their marks adjusted downwards.
“There was little interrogation of why the raw mark was better than last year's and whether this could have been because the paper was too easy,” said Davis.
“Instead of adjusting the marks downwards, the good raw mark was accepted as a welcome sign that the system is improving.”
Subjects which did not have their marks adjusted included:
Physical Science – raw mark of 35.48 and a rejected adjusted mark of 34.45.
– raw mark of 35.48 and a rejected adjusted mark of 34.45. History – raw mark of 44.56 and a rejected adjusted mark of 44.01.
– raw mark of 44.56 and a rejected adjusted mark of 44.01. English – raw mark of 54.72 and a rejected adjusted mark of 54.34.
Umalusi was asked to comment on the mark adjustments, but it did not reply to questions.
Read: SA private schools boast 98.67% pass rate
Faster Payments invites bids for infrastructure overhaul
The UK's Faster Payments is seeking 'Expressions of Interest' from tech vendors for the renewal and management of its back-end infrastructure.
Developed by Vocalink, Faster Payments has been an unvarnished success in the UK following a slow start, but as an early outrider in the move to real-time payments, its technology backbone has begun to appear a little behind the times in the face of evolving cyber-threats and a global push for the implementation of the ISO 20022 protocol as a standard for messaging interoperability across the industry.
The UK's payments infrastructure has also been the subject of intense regulatory scrutiny over hurdles to access for new market participants, culminating in a full-scale review by the Payment Systems Regulator which set out new guidelines on the ownership and competitiveness of central payment systems infrastructure provision.
In July, the Competition and Markets Authority approved consolidation of the operators of Bacs, the Cheque and Credit Clearing Company and Faster Payments Scheme into a New Payments Systems Operator.
Bidders for the ten-year contract will be "required to demonstrate the commitment to excellence in payments processing necessary in order to maintain over a billion secure, immediate payments a year". This number is currently growing by 10-15% year on year.
Those qualifying following the Expression of Interest will be invited to participate in a Request for Information phase, and subsequently invited to submit a full proposal. The winning bidder is expected to be selected in Q3 2018.
Faster Payments chief Craig Tillotson: “This competitive tender process will help ensure the integrity of the Faster Payments Service in the vital role it plays in the UK economy for years to come, supporting our objective to meet the long term needs and aspirations of our customers. It's also an important milestone on the road towards the New Payments Architecture set to be delivered by the New Payment Systems Operator”.
Kevin Durant won his first NBA championship on Wednesday night with the Golden State Warriors. It was an extremely emotional moment for him.
A couple days later, Durant was asked if he could explain what it feels like to be a champion. The 28-year-old had a pretty fantastic response. He said:
“It's just the feeling … it's just like a boss, man. It's not like when you run into an amusement park as a kid you see endless rides and are in the amusement park all day. It's more like let me go home in my nice car and smoke a cigar while I lay my feet out with the fire, you and the fire pit with a glass of wine, let me just sit back. That's how it feels. I'm sure you guys can relate to having a nice nightcap. that's exactly how it feels. “It's an amazing feeling to know that you're the best team in the league, just to know that the work you put in all year is the reason why. To have that formula set for us already next year will be good for us as a team. Just tap into that and see how far we can go.”
Kevin Durant explains what it's like to win title: "Feel like a boss" pic.twitter.com/9NEbwq5qKv — Anthony Slater (@anthonyVslater) June 14, 2017
The Warriors enjoyed themselves while partying after their title win, and the partying will continue in the championship parade on Thursday.
"I feel pretty good. I feel like I'm still in game mode…It's hard to just turn that off [but] I'm looking forward to relaxing."😁#NBAChamps pic.twitter.com/l70jMmxQK6 — GoldenStateWarriors (@warriors) June 14, 2017
To read more about Durant's journey to becoming an NBA champion, head over to USA TODAY Sports.
The town of Essex says documents from its sexual harassment investigation are exempt from public disclosure because the town doesn't possess them – its attorney does.
And even if they were on file at 81 Main St., the town would still deny selectwoman Irene Wrenner access because publicizing her “baseless” claims against a town employee could harm his “reputation and good name.”
Those arguments were detailed in a recent court filing from a Rutland-based lawyer the town retained to defend itself against Wrenner's public records lawsuit.
“The use of the Public Records Act and the taxpayers' resources in this way is not consistent with the legislative intent,” wrote attorney Kaveh S. Shahi, of Cleary, Shahi & Aicher, P.C., in a June 20 response.
Wrenner believes the town is improperly withholding those documents and said the response shows more of the same. “Obviously they're still stonewalling, and that's unfortunate,” she said.
Wrenner's complaint, which the Reporter broke news of last month, asks for billing records and reports from a 2017 internal inquiry that began after she alleged “gender-based unprofessional conduct” by a high-level town employee. She's represented by attorney Pietro Lynn.
Vermont law defines public records as “any written or recorded information, regardless of physical form or characteristics” produced or acquired during a public agency's business. The law includes a breadth of exemptions, however, two of which the town says trump Wrenner's request.
The town characterizes the report as an “attorney-work product,” explaining that a lawyer at a private practice hired the investigator. But it says the report is also shielded by an exemption protecting the privacy of the accused. The town cited both those exemptions when The Reporter requested the documents, too.
Wrenner doesn't buy it. She said she purposely left out the accused's name in her complaint despite no longer being bound to the town's confidentiality policies. And she doesn't even want the report made public: “I'm not looking to out anyone or have my notes splattered across the front page” of this newspaper, she said. But she felt the town's denial of private requests left her no option.
She added that it's “curious” to see the investigative process handled so differently within the same town; her allegations sparked a similar investigation in the village, which obtained an attorney from a private firm in Burlington to investigate.
That lawyer shared notes of Wrenner's testimony before handing in her report. “There's clearly another way to do this,” Wrenner said.
Her complaint details several other concerns with the investigation, too. She says the town refused to provide a female investigator after she felt uncomfortable relaying her experience to investigator Bill Burgess, a male, and questions his qualifications to investigate claims of this nature.
She also points to the “lengthy history of working and socializing” between the accused and Bill Ellis, the longtime town attorney who ruled that even if her allegations were true, the employee's behavior didn't violate the town's sexual harassment policies.
Wrenner believes the alleged conduct defies multiple clauses of that policy. She's said she's seeking Burgess' report to understand his process and to ensure he accurately captured her testimony – a request Ellis has called “inappropriate.”
The town's response challenges any suggestion that the process was “less than professional, fair or impartial.”
Last month, the selectboard directed municipal manager Evan Teich to work on the town's defense during a closed-door session from which Wrenner recused herself. Ellis told The Reporter then he was helping with the town's response, but Teich wouldn't say at the time whether Ellis would lead the defense.
Reached Monday morning, Teich said Ellis has recused himself from the matter. The manager declined to comment further, saying, “We let our lawyers handle their work and the work tends to speak for itself.”
Wrenner said the response to her lawsuit has been different than anticipated. She's heard supportive comments from several unexpected sources and noted recent letters to the editor in support of her cause.
“People at town hall have been a little careful lately,” she said. “That's to be expected, I think, when you've got someone on the inside who's suing you.” She alluded to lawsuit's cost on both parties but said it's important to ensure the process of investigating sexual harassment claims is as fair and transparent as possible.
“In the year 2018, after #MeToo, I don't think these things are revolutionary,” she said of her requests. “But change is hard, and I want my town to be doing its utmost best by its residents.”
“I feel like it'd be wrong of me to just sit by and pretend that it could somehow be fixed without me,” she later added.
CLOSE Crews remove weathered asphalt chunks and road bed debris from Gulf Islands National Seashore Melissa Gabriel Nelson
Workers clean up asphalt debris from the sands at Gulf Islands National Seashore in Pensacola on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. (Photo: Melissa Nelson Gabriel/mnelsongab@pnj.com)
Using handheld metal rakes to carefully sift through layers of sand, Joseph Eddy and Robert Askew removed tiny pieces of asphalt and gravel from Gulf Islands National Seashore on Monday morning.
The men are part of a 37-worker crew tasked with clearing miles of weathered road and parking lot debris from the national park. The multi-year project is being funded with $10.85 million in environmental restitution money paid by oil giant BP in the aftermath of the 2010 Gulf Coast oil spill.
Eddy and Askew have been on the job since September, removing debris from beachfront areas between Pensacola and Navarre inside Gulf Islands National Seashore.
"It is starting to look the way it is supposed to look out here," Eddy said as he emptied the small chunks of assault into plastic containers. "It is looking really beautiful."
More: Fort Pickens tent-only camping sections will open Jan. 1
Kelly Irick, the National Park Service biologist overseeing the project, said crews have cleared about 115 acres and collected about 800 cubic yards of debris since September. Work will continue through February, when shorebird nesting begins.
In 2016, crews cleared debris along the Fort Pickens section of the national park. The weathered asphalt and road bed material has collected over many decades as roads and parking lots have been washed away in storms and then rebuilt, Irick said.
"Getting it out of the environment is a good thing to do," said Irick, who explained that the debris not only looks bad but also pollutes the natural landscape, creating problems for native plant and animal species.
Work is scheduled to start on the Perdido Key section of Gulf Islands National Seashore in September 2018. Work is restricted to the fall and winter to avoid interfering with nesting shorebirds and sea turtles.
The Oklahoma-based Ohapaki construction company has been contracted to do the debris removal. Richard Depriest, a general contractor for Ohapaki, said the cleanup process has improved as workers have learned more efficient ways to handle the debris.
More: Sea turtle has surgery to remove fishing hooks, community urged to report injuries
"Last year, it took us longer," he said. "We've learned how to better handle the debris, and we have some experienced workers out here."
The company's equipment includes four large sifting machines, which are pulled through the sand by tractors. The sifters start on the surface and then pass over the same patch of sand at lower and lower levels. Other workers walk along the sand pushing lawnmower-like sifting machines.
Workers clean up asphalt debris from the sands at Gulf Islands National Seashore in Pensacola on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. (Photo: Melissa Nelson Gabriel/mnelsongab@pnj.com)
The debris is collected in construction containers, which are sent to recycling facilities. The weathered asphalt and gravel are recycled for use in new roads, Depriest said.
Workers sometimes find interesting things in the sand. Depriest said crews have discovered unexploded ordnance, including mortar rounds and artillery shells from military training that took place years ago.
"We have to stop work and call people out and make sure it is safe," he said.
Crews have also found tiny ghost crabs and the occasional snake crawling through brush.
National Park Service officials are on hand throughout the cleanup process to make sure fragile habitat areas that are home to beach mice, shore birds and other animals are not damaged.
Workers clean up asphalt debris from the sands at Gulf Islands National Seashore in Pensacola on Monday, Dec. 11, 2017. (Photo: Melissa Nelson Gabriel/mnelsongab@pnj.com)
Workers use the tractors on wide-open areas of sand and use the walking machines on areas where there is more vegetation. They use handheld rakes in the most sensitive areas.
In some cases, it is better to leave the road debris, rather than causing too much disruption by trying to remove it, Irick said.
For decades, red clay was used as part of road bedding, and workers don't want to mix too much of the red clay with the beach's natural white sand, Irick said. Crews have marked areas where they clay is deepest with tiny flags to avoid digging up the clay.
The work is tedious, but the view is hard to beat, Depriest and members of crew said Monday as the looked out on miles of white sand beach and turquoise water.
"It's hard to imagine a more beautiful work site," Depriest said.
Melissa Nelson Gabriel can be reached at mnelsongab@pnj.com or 850-426-1431.
Read or Share this story: http://www.pnj.com/story/news/local/pensacola/beaches/2017/12/11/gulf-islands-national-seashore-asphalt-project-cleanup/941125001/
iStock/Thinkstock(LOS ANGELES) — Evidence supports that a shooting inside a Los Angeles middle school classroom Thursday was caused by a gun accidentally discharging in a 12-year-old girl's backpack, Los Angeles police told ABC News.
A 15-year-old boy was shot in the head and a 15-year-old girl was shot in the wrist.
One bullet was fired and investigators believe the bullet traveled through the wrist of one student and then struck the head of the other student.
Three others suffered minor injuries in the incident at Salvador B. Castro Middle School.
The handgun was not registered, police told ABC News, and detectives are still trying to determine how the girl obtained the weapon.
The 12-year-old suspect, who has not been named, was arrested and booked for negligent discharge of a firearm. She has retained an attorney and is not answering questions.
The shooting was reported at 8:53 a.m. local time and occurred in an elective class with mixed grades, officials said. The school was placed on lockdown, which later was lifted.
Diego Salinas said when his sister texted him from the middle school, he immediately rushed over.
“I went crazy, I couldn't handle it,” he told ABC News Thursday. “I'm actually shaking … I'm really afraid.”
“I'm nervous, I'm anxious, I want to cry,” Salinas added.
One parent told ABC Los Angeles station KABC-TV that the shooting took place next to her son's classroom.
“He was in tears, but I'm so thankful he picked up the phone,” she said of her call to him.
“Our thoughts and prayers are with those who were hurt in today's shooting incident at Sal Castro Middle School and with all the students, families and employees on the campus,” Vivian Ekchian, interim superintendent of the Los Angeles Unified School District, said in a statement Thursday.
“The Los Angeles Police Department, Los Angeles Fire Department, Los Angeles School Police and District leadership immediately responded, and we followed protocols to ensure the safety and well-being of the Castro Middle School community,” she added. “The school has been declared safe, and we are communicating with parents of students at Castro Middle School, as well as neighboring campuses. We are also providing appropriate supports to those who may be impacted by the incident.”
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Lovefilm offered DVDs and Blu-rays to rent via post
The Lovefilm By Post DVD rental service will cease to operate on 31 October this year, its owner Amazon has said.
Amazon cited a "decreasing demand" for the discs and a growing number of customers who were streaming movies and TV series instead.
The move has irritated some fans, who argue that a wider range of films is available to rent on DVD and Blu-ray.
Lovefilm was founded in 2002 and acquired by Amazon in 2011, when it had more than 1.4 million subscribers.
For a monthly subscription fee, Lovefilm customers could receive a DVD or Blu-ray disc of their choice via post that they would send back once watched.
From 2010, some content could also be accessed via online streaming instead.
Disgruntled
"We have very much enjoyed delivering the Lovefilm By Post service to our customers," said Amazon in a statement.
"However, over the last few years we've seen a decreasing demand for DVD and Blu-ray rental as customers increasingly move to streaming.
"We are committed to finding alternative roles for all Lovefilm employees within Amazon."
Some fans of Lovefilm were left disgruntled by the decision.
"It's not great, to be honest," customer Michael Harrison told the BBC.
He argued that there was a wider selection of films available to rent in physical form than with streaming services.
"You don't have to buffer it, or worry about pixilation," he added.
"I live in a small town and we don't have many shops around - it was great for me to get films posted to me."
Another customer wrote on Twitter: "Well, Amazon stopping its Lovefilm service is comfortably the worst news I've had this year.
"So many films not available to stream."
Carmelo Anthony: Missing All-Star game is part of 'sacrifice' OKLAHOMA CITY — Carmelo Anthony's lengthy string of All-Star games will end this year after eight straight, having not been picked for next month's game. It's hardly a shock, with...
Russell Westbrook wrecks the Nets' upset bid OKLAHOMA CITY — Russell Westbrook is the reigning league MVP, and he gave a reminder of just how valuable he is Tuesday night. He helped erase a double-digit Nets lead,...
Enes Kanter's old coach offers major praise for new Knicks stud PHILADELPHIA — Knicks center Enes Kanter won't say whether his former Thunder teammates miss him in the locker room. But his former coach Billy Donovan will. Donovan said Kanter, his...
Thunder think maybe this is rock bottom There is “no panic” yet for the Thunder, but there is plenty of concern following a 116-103 home loss to the mediocre Hornets. “For the talent that we have, obviously...
'Greatness of Carmelo': Ex-Knick helps Thunder snag another 'W' OKLAHOMA CITY — With all the excitement about the Oklahoma City Thunder's new Big Three this season, Steven Adams had become a bit of an afterthought. Not anymore. The 7-foot...
'No more Knicks talk': Carmelo gets closure with emphatic 'W' OKLAHOMA CITY — Less than one game-time minute had passed and Carmelo Anthony accepted a Russell Westbrook pass on the right side and launched an open 3-pointer. The Thunder were...
How Villanova can repeat — from the last guy who did Villanova is the next team trying to duplicate what hasn't been done since 2006 and 2007: repeat as NCAA men's basketball champs. The Florida Gators were the last to do...
Russell Westbrook isn't only reason Thunder haven't imploded When Dwight Howard was traded from Orlando after the 2011-12 season, the Magic went from a team with a run of six straight playoff appearances, including the Finals in 2009,...
Knicks finally trust Joakim Noah and it totally backfires Joakim Noah was jacked to play against his college coach, Billy Donovan. The duo teamed up in glorious times, winning two NCAA titles together in Florida. Perhaps that is why...
Follow @insidefutbol
Napoli are edging towards agreeing a new contract with Everton and Manchester United target Dries Mertens, but a potential release clause is causing issues.
The Belgium winger's contract with the Serie A side expires in 2018 and he has been linked with a number of sides, not least in the Premier League.
Napoli is desperate to keep hold of Mertens and on Sunday the club's president Aurelio De Laurentiis met the player's agents to hold further contract talks.
A three-year deal worth €3m per year is on the table, but the main problem now is a release clause, according to Italian daily Il Messaggero.
Mertens' agents, who are also aware there client has serious interest from China, want a release clause of between €25m and €30m, which would allow their client to move on at some point without Napoli being able to prevent his departure.
The winger has been in superb form for Napoli in the current campaign and the Serie A side want to keep him at the San Paolo.
Mertens has scored 27 goals in 40 appearances this season.
WICHITA, Kan. (AP) — Wichita police say two police officers are on administrative leave pending the outcome of internal and criminal investigations.
The department released no details other than saying it possibly involves misconduct and the move was prompted by another agency's criminal probe.
Some 2015 phone calls of former state Sen. Michael O'Donnell, now a Sedgwick County commissioner, were intercepted by investigators. The paper says two former employees were sent letters by the Justice Department saying their calls with him had been intercepted.
O'Donnell did not respond to a message seeking comment.
Wichita businessman Brandon Steven told the paper he is the subject of an inquiry into poker and efforts to open a casino. Federal officials notified several parties that call with him also were intercepted.
By Jason Keidel
Bet you didn't expect to Google the difference between a golden, labrador, and Chesapeake Bay retriever.
But such is March Madness, when an acronym university, like UMBC, stuns the world and shocks Virginia, the No. 1 team in the country. It was the first time a 16th seed ever defeated a top seed. We all scrambled to find their name (Retrievers, of the Chesapeake Bay variety), game, and most famous alums, if any (Kathleen Turner is one, evidently). Did we even know Baltimore was a county as well as a city?
Folks say Virginia is used to this, since their 1982 juggernaut, led by the nation's top player, Ralph Sampson, lost a game to Chaminade. But that game had no bearing on the season, other than the ephemeral egg on their face. Besides, none of the players on Virginia's roster were close to being born in 1982.
To give you an idea about how bizarre this tournament already was after one round, that perfect, billion-dollar bracket faded into fantasy by the time the teams shrunk from 64 to 32. We all like to think our era is the best, even if it's almost never true. But we can probably say with some certainty that no March Madness has been this unpredictable since the tournament expanded to its current form in 1985.
>>MORE: NCAA Tournament Coverage
And while Virginia was the biggest domino to fall, they were hardly the only one in a tournament already rife with enough upsets for two tourneys. Between UMBC and Buffalo and Marshall — the last winning their first NCAA Tournament game — you've got three deep, double-digit seeds winning a game. Not to mention the early darlings of the tournament, Loyola-Chicago, with the patron saint — or patron chaplain — March Madness, the adorable, 98-year-old Sister Jean Dolores Schmidt flexing the power of prayer.
No one had a mini-bracket in the South Region that featured a 16th seed (UMBC), a 13th seed (Buffalo) and a No. 9 seed (Kansas St). Indeed Buffalo delivered a death blow to many brackets, including that of yours truly, who had Arizona snipping the nets in San Antonio.
Then we have Florida State stunning Xavier, the second top seed to be toppled long before the Final Four. And the hits go on, like Texas A&M taking North Carolina to the woodshed last night, a 20-point drubbing that was never close. If the world feels inverted, it is, at least in this year's March Madness, an always turbulent hardwood affair that's been flipped upside down.
And even Syracuse, no stranger to big hits and heartache in this tournament, is about as dangerous an 11th seed as you'll ever see, having just bumped powerhouse Michigan State. Just on principle, Jim Boeheim should never enter the tournament seeded so low.
The media and masses are already scared of a Final Four that includes Loyola, Florida State, and West Virginia. Don't fret just yet. For all the fear that this tournament has shattered into shards of no-name schools, there are still enough blue-bloods to keep the tourney, ratings, and your interest quite strong.
As was stated in this space last week, we love the Cinderella story, to a point. And we're about there. After the Sweet 16, and certainly by the Elite Eight, we're ready for the ancestral powers to assume their grip on the games. And that is still a strong possibility. With Duke, Villanova, and Kansas in perfect place to make a deep run. Oh, and for all his griping about where, when, and whom his club plays, John Calipari and his Kentucky Wildcats might be in the best place to make a run to the Final Four, if not beyond.
>>MORE: Keidel: The Cinderella Myth
Indeed, Kentucky need only beat Kansas St and then the winner of Nevada – Loyola-Chicago to make it to Texas. Then the Wildcats could face Gonzaga or Michigan, then perhaps Duke or Kansas for the whole thing. So for all the madness this march, when throwing a dart at your bracket would have worked better than logic, the logical teams could still make up most of the Final Four. That would give this year's tournament everything we could ask for, and then some.
Jason writes a weekly column for CBS Local Sports. He is a native New Yorker, sans the elitist sensibilities, and believes there's a world west of the Hudson River. A Yankees devotee and Steelers groupie, he has been scouring the forest of fertile NYC sports sections since the 1970s. He has written over 500 columns for WFAN/CBS NY, and also worked as a freelance writer for Sports Illustrated and Newsday subsidiary amNew York. He made his bones as a boxing writer, occasionally covering fights in Las Vegas, Atlantic City, but mostly inside Madison Square Garden. Follow him on Twitter @JasonKeidel.
CAMDEN, Ark. – Family members say thousands of people watched as Keiana Herndon took her last breath.
Richard Herndon says his 25-year-old daughter was live streaming to Facebook from a friend's home in Arkansas on Wednesday.
According to KARK, the video began with Keiana singing and putting her two youngest children in the spotlight.
A few minutes later, she fell and the phone dropped out of her hand.
Keiana's uncle, Jeffrey Herndon, watched the video after her death.
“It was really hard,” he told KARK.
He says he could hear Keiana struggle to breathe and her son screaming in the background.
A friend showed up at the home nearly 30 minutes after she collapsed.
“It's amazing for someone to sit there and see somebody or hear them take their last breath and nobody did anything,” Richard Herndon said. “So, I want to take my hat off to everybody that actually did something.”
Family members say she recently learned an issue with her thyroid could be life-threatening, but the medical examiner will determine her exact cause of death.
Best Ways To Spend New Years Day With Your Family In MinnesotaIt's tempting to stay in and chill the day after celebrating New Year's Eve. However, if staying at home is not your idea of starting the New Year, there are enough local family activities on New Year's Day.
Teachers and students showed up early for class Wednesday at Doss High School. (Source: WAVE 3 News)
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - Teachers and students showed up early for class Wednesday at Doss High School.
The early arrival was to stand in unison before a walk-in. The demonstration was organized to show support for the Jefferson County Public Schools boards unanimous decision to appeal the state's recommendation for a takeover.
The recommendation was made April 30 by interim Education Commissioner Wayne Lewis. It's a result of an audit that found JCPS management was "critically ineffective."
The Kentucky Board of Education will hear this case no fewer than 20 days from now. Lewis and JCPS will defend their arguments. The process could take a couple days before the state board makes a ruling.
MORE FROM WAVE3.COM
+ JCPS will appeal state's recommended takeover
+ State recommends takeover of JCPS following release of audit findings
+ State takeover looms at JCPS
+ Jefferson County delegates meet with education commissioner about possible takeover
Wednesday morning, Jefferson County Teacher's Association president Brett McKim spoke on behalf of the teacher's union and said the district needs assistance, not a takeover.
"We need counselors in our schools, our kids are coming in with trauma," McKim said. "We need to reduce class sizes so we can have one-on-one attention with kids in our schools, we need support."
More than 30 JCPS campuses began their day with a walk-in demonstration.
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Seven people were shot over the weekend at Cole's Place, but fortunately, nobody was seriously injured. (Source: WAVE 3 News)
LOUISVILLE, KY (WAVE) - Seven people were shot at a Louisville nightclub over the weekend, and now, community leaders are talking about what needs to happen to make Cole's Place a safer place.
That shooting happened early Saturday morning at the nightclub just off West Kentucky Street in the Parkland neighborhood. All of the victims suffered injuries that were not life-threatening. Videos surfaced quickly showing the chaos inside when multiple shots rang out. As of Monday, police are still trying to figure out who the gunman was.
Club owner John Cole declined to talk on camera but he told WAVE 3 News there was security that night with off-duty officers and bouncers.
Neighbor Emory Henderson said he was not at Cole's Place on Saturday but he heard the gunshots.
"Anytime we hear gunshots around here, which is quite frequent, I have the kids hit the floor to stay low, stay away from windows," he said. "Just how we live around here, we have to be that way."
Saturday's incident wasn't the first time there has been a shooting at Cole's Place. The venue said it's a destination for baby and bridal showers, wedding receptions, and birthday parties. There are signs indicating that guns are prohibited. But, somehow they make their way in.
The Rev. Charles Elliott stopped by Cole's on Monday to show support for its owner.
"We got shootings and problems all over the city," Elliott said. "We don't want to look like this is the worst place to come. Cole has been involved in heaviness in the community."
Councilwoman Jessica Green shares that sentiment.
"John cole is a good man," she said.
Green added that her No. 1 priority is public safety, and that there is room for improvement at Cole's.
Cole's Place said in a statement that it is replacing its old security with new security.
Green said along with the private security team hired who pat people down, there are metal detectors at Cole's Place and there were also six off-duty police officers working early Saturday morning outside the club.
Green said she would like to see more off-duty officers checking patrons at the club entrance.
"Easiest way to me is to shift who is at the front door and us to have licensed officers doing a security detail," Green said. "I'm not quite sure if they can be inside because of regulations."
An LMPD spokesperson said off-duty officers can't work inside nightclubs, as they aren't bouncers.
Green added that she is going to continue to have conversations with Cole and LMPD about what can be done.
Copyright 2018 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Disclaimer
UNCUT Magazine does not store any files. Everything posted on this site is for promotional use only. Files downloaded should be kept for no longer then 24 hours and then deleted. Please support the artists and buy their music. All music and videos are copyrights to the original owners.
Jennifer Aniston's actor-husband is nothing but a drama queen when...
Jennifer Aniston's actor hubby is asking a judge to block his nosy neighbor from trespassing onto the deck of his Greenwich Village apartment, claiming the man's obsessive behavior has caused the “Leftovers” star to fear for his family's safety.
Justin Theroux sued attorney Norman Resnicow, his downstairs neighbor at 71 Washington Pl., in May for harassment. The two have been fighting over the $1 million renovation of Theroux's pad since 2015.
The building brouhaha went from bad to worse in October after Resnicow invited the Daily Mail to peek through his celebrity neighbor's windows and at his basement storage bin for a feature called “Here's Justin junk!” spurring Theroux to install security cameras, the new filing says.
“I was quite disturbed and unsettled by this episode,” Theroux says in the Manhattan Supreme Court filing.
“I had always considered my apartment a sanctuary to which my family and friends could retreat. I realized that by bringing third parties into the storage area and up to the back door and windows of my apartment, Mr. Resnicow was trying to make me feel unsafe in my own home,” he adds.
The surveillance equipment allegedly caught Resnicow sneaking onto Theroux's deck four times in the past three months.
“I understand that, as neighbors living in a small New York City co-op, there is a certain degree of interconnectedness,” Theroux says in court papers.
“But Mr. Resnicow is so far beyond the realm of reasonable neighborly behavior that I can no longer tolerate it,” he says.
On the different occasions the 70-year-old attorney — once with a baseball cap pulled low over his eyes and then with a fedora obscuring his face — measured Theroux's stairs, hid an unidentified black object under a tarp and took notes on a legal pad, according to court papers.
Theroux believes Resnicow may be trying to gather evidence related to a boundary dispute over their adjoining terraces.
But, he says, he's worried about the lawyer's “compulsive” behavior.
“Mr. Resnicow has demonstrated a bizarre, troubling obsession with my life and my property,” Theroux says in the new Manhattan Supreme Court filing.
“These serial trespasses raise the concerns of myself and my family regarding our privacy and safety in our own home,” he says.
Resnicow declined to comment on the trespassing allegations.
But he said, “everything I've done has been proper in order to deal with the situation with the leaks that come form his portion of the terrace into my apartment.”
Resnicow said the leaks have “resulted in my having to live with mold in my apartment for almost a year.”
Keep a low profile if you don't want to get drawn into other people's disputes. You are under no obligation to go public and the moment certain voices start demanding that you back one side or the other is the moment you should slip away.
Getty Images Federal Reserve Board Chairwoman Janet Yellen speaks during a news conference in September.
The Federal Reserve wants to raise interest rates in December and the job losses reported for September won't derail them, economists said Friday.
“It is very clear from their rhetoric that they want to do” another rate hike in December, said Rob Martin, economist at UBS.
“It takes a lot to move them off that,” he said.
As expected, the two hurricanes last month distorted the jobs report.
The government reported the economy lost 33,000 jobs in September, the first decline since 2010. In contrast to this weak signal, the unemployment rate fell to 4.2%, a 16-year low and a stat unaffected by the storms, the government said. Wages rose to a 2.9% annual rate, a post-recession high.
Read: U.S. suffers first monthly job loss in seven years
Martin said the Fed “would not take any signal” from the report, not just the weak parts like the decline in nonfarm payrolls, but would also shrug off the strong bits like the drop in the unemployment rate and the jump in average hourly earnings.
The central bank will have two more job reports before its meeting on Dec. 12-13 to gauge the labor market, he said.
John Silvia, chief economist at Wells Fargo, said the central bank will see enough hints that the economy is on track for moderate growth and rising inflation.
There is “enough evidence to say they're on track to get the economy they thought they were going to get, and they're going to go [ahead and raise rates in December],” Silvia said.
Dallas Fed President Rob Kaplan, a voting member of the Fed's interest-rate committee this year, said he has not decided yet whether to support a move in December.
The Fed meets again at the end of October, but without a press conference, and analysts see no chance of any Fed rate move then.
Investors saw the drop in the unemployment rate and the rise in wages as confirming that the central bank will raise rates in December. Investors now see a move as a virtual certainty, giving a 98% chance of a move, according to CME FedWatch tool. Stocks SPX, -0.16% opened lower after hitting record highs this week.
Iran's Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif is interviewed by The Associated Press, in New York, Tuesday, April 24, 2018. Zarif is warning the Trump administration that pulling out from the Iran nuclear deal would undermine talks with North Korea by proving that America reneges on its promises. Richard Drew AP Photo
The head of Swedish journalist Kim Wall has been found, two months after she disappeared on trip with a Danish submariner, Danish police say.
Her head was found in a bag that also contained two legs, Copenhagen police inspector Jens Moller said. Another bag contained her missing clothes.
Ms Wall's torso was found in the sea off Copenhagen 11 days after she boarded Peter Madsen's submarine on 10 August.
He denies murdering her.
This breaking news story is being updated and more details will be published shortly. Please refresh the page for the fullest version.
You can receive Breaking News on a smartphone or tablet via the BBC News App. You can also follow @BBCBreaking on Twitter to get the latest alerts.
Mirai Botnet Starts Mining for Bitcoins In New Twist
IBM X-Force has discovered a first-of-its-kind variant of the ELF Linux/Mirai malware that has a built-in component designed to mine bitcoins.
The variant was first discovered without the bitcoin mining capability in August 2016, but traffic from the new strain containing links to ELF 64-bit binary files started towards the end of March 2017, increased by 50 percent in four days and disappeared another four days later.
According to Dave McMillen, senior threat researcher at IBM managed security services, this new Mirai strain was similar to another recently-created version that leverages a Windows Trojan, but was focused on attacking Linux machines running BusyBox, a software that describes itself as the swiss army knife of embedded Linux.
Mirai Mining
The Windows version contained some extra capabilities from normal Mirai botnets such as SQL injection and brute-force attack tools, but the new ELF Linux/Mirai malware variant boasts an extra add-on in the form of a bitcoin miner slave.
This led us to question the effectiveness of a bitcoin miner running on a simple IoT device that lacks the power to create many bitcoins, if any at all, McMillen writes. Given Mirai's power to infect thousands of machines at a time, however, there is a possibility that the bitcoin miners could work together in tandem as one large miner consortium.
We haven't yet determined that capability, but we found it to be an interesting yet concerning possibility. Its possible that while the Mirai bots are idle and awaiting further instructions, they could be leveraged to go into mining mode.
In a blog post, McMillen also highlighted the benefits of focusing on bitcoin mining due to society's growing preference of cashless payments, especially seeing as cyber criminal activity is often funded by the cryptocurrency.
However, he questioned the economic validity of such a strategy: Almost four years ago, Krebs on Security discussed bitcoin mining bots; in that case, the compromised hosts were PCs. Mining bitcoins, however, is a CPU-intensive activity, he says.
How many compromised devices would it take to make the mining of bitcoin a viable revenue source for attackers? Wouldn't attackers have better luck compromising a bitcoin exchange company, as has been the case numerous times in the past? Its possible they're looking to find a way to make bitcoin mining via compromised IoT devices a lucrative venture.
Reign of Terror
Although the potential impact of this new Mirai strain is unclear, the botnet which compromises IoT devices and launches distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attacks against predefined targets has been busy plaguing businesses and devices for some time.
It first gained notoriety after being used in the high-profile attack on DNS hosting provider Dyn which took down the likes of Netflix, Twitter and Reddit and has since targeted Talk Talk and the Post Office in the UK.
Most recently, it was responsible for a massive 54-hour attack on a US college which generated the highest traffic flow that security firm Imperva Incapsula had ever seen out of a Mirai botnet.
© 2017 DesignMENA.com under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Read more on: IBM, Bitcoin, Cybercrime, Cybersecurity, Ransomware, Botnet, IoT, Government, Cyberwarfare, Mirai
Officials said a person was injured after a vehicle fire in the southeast Las Vegas Valley on Saturday afternoon.
Clark County Fire and police responded to an RV that was on fire at 4092 Adelphi Avenue, near Hacienda Avenue and Sandhill Road, just after 1 p.m. A suspicious person was seen running from the fire with burns, according to Lt. Dustin Butler with Metro police, and was initially detained.
CCFD Deputy Chief John Steinbeck said the fire was accidental, as the man was attempting to jump-start the RV.
The man was transported to University Medical Center.
No other information was immediately available.
Did you see the huge plume of smoke in the SE valley of Las Vegas? @ClarkCountyFD just put out a huge RV Fire in a neighborhood near Annie Oakley & Russel. From what can be seen, no other major damage. pic.twitter.com/dnR4jTtbPk — Gai (@GaiChicken) May 5, 2018
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
As special counsel Robert Mueller continues his inquiries into Russia collusion in the 2016 election, new information continues to be added to the timeline of facts.
NBC News has gathered information starting as early as 2004 to help make sense of the convoluted series of events around President Donald Trump and his inner circle. The timeline will be updated as new information develops.
Sort by player or read the full timeline.
Rare-disease therapy Spinraza isn't Biogen Inc.'s biggest or most profitable drug, but over the last year it has quickly become a critical part of the company's performance.
On Tuesday, in the midst of a first-quarter sales miss for Biogen BIIB, +1.32% that sent shares down as much as 2% in morning trade, Biogen itself was drawing attention to Spinraza's performance.
The therapy, used in the treatment of spinal muscular atrophy, logged $364 million in first-quarter revenue. The figure looks great next to the same quarter a year before, the drug's first on the market, which brought in a mere $47 million. But other comparables are worrying investors — there was no oomph when stacked up next to fourth-quarter sales at $363 million.
Asked what gives, Biogen executives said they're working on it.
“We're working hard now to capture the rest” of the spinal muscular atrophy population, particularly pediatric and adult patients, which is taking longer than expected, said Chief Executive Michel Vounatsos. But “we're encouraged by the momentum actually.”
Read more: Biogen stock drops after Q1 sales miss
Some on Wall Street expected this result, noting that most patients in the U.S. who started on Spinraza in the fourth quarter were front-loaded.
But there were also significantly fewer new U.S. patients in the first quarter: 280 compared with 420 in the fourth quarter and 530 in the prior quarter, according to the company's figures.
Biogen doesn't see that decline as a trend, Vounatsos said.
When Spinraza was approved in late 2016, becoming the first therapy for spinal muscular atrophy, patients “came pretty fast for treatment,” he said, and “we have basically outpaced all estimates that we had and external stakeholders had also.”
Now Biogen is focused on pediatric and adult patients, the largest group of spinal muscular atrophy patients, and is expanding its team to do it, Vounatsos said.
That may not be enough to assuage worries, though.
“We believe that Spinraza's moderating growth in the U.S. could be a point of concern for investors given that the drug is expected to be a key growth driver for the company over the next several years,” said SunTrust analyst Yatin Suneja.
Biogen shares have plummeted 25.5% over the last three months, compared with a nearly 6% drop in the S&P 500 SPX, -0.79% and a nearly 7% drop in the Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -1.16% .
Brenda Morris (Photo: Special to the News Journal)
The First District Court of Appeals has reversed the jury verdict against a teacher aide who restrained a special needs student.
Brenda Morris, 69, was charged with two counts of child abuse, and an Escambia County jury found her guilty of one count of misdemeanor battery in December. Judge Thomas Dannheisser withheld adjudication and imposed fines in the case, but Morris still appealed the charge.
The case stems from March 2016, when Morris, a teacher aide at Lincoln Park Elementary School, attempted to restrain a 4-year-old who was kicking, spitting and hitting while standing on a table in the classroom.
More: Former educator convicted of battery on student
Morris removed the student from the classroom into the hallway to speak with him and calm him down. The student then kicked and spat at Morris, who reacted by slapping her hand down at his face, catching his leg, according to the appeals document.
She said that any contact with the student was to block him from spitting on her, and to block his kick.
Another teacher who had witnessed the incident in the hallway testified that she saw Morris slap the student's face and pull his leg. She reported what she saw to the guidance counselor and the principal.
More: Escambia County teacher accused of punching autistic student
The appeals document says that because teachers and aides work in place of parents at schools, sometimes disciplinary behavior is necessary.
"This parent-like role encompasses authority to discipline children who display combative behavior of the sort that occurred in this case," the document states.
The document ordered Escambia County courts to acquit Morris of the charge.
Read or Share this story: http://www.pnj.com/story/news/crime/2017/10/06/appeals-court-reverses-jury-verdict-teacher-aide-who-restrained-special-needs-student/739370001/
OTTAWA — Pessimism about the fate of NAFTA is mounting amid dismay that the U.S. wants to impose stringent new American content requirements on vehicles that are allowed duty-free movement across North America.
The United States is set to propose that cars and trucks must have at least 85 per cent North American content and at least 50 per cent specifically American content to qualify for duty-free status, according to a report by Inside U.S. Trade.
The rules of origin proposal is expected to be tabled next week in Washington during the fourth round of negotiations to rewrite the North American Free Trade Agreement.
Canada and Mexico have, from the outset of talks, been adamant that they won't agree to a specific American content requirement that would bolster the U.S. industry at the expense of automobile and auto parts manufacturers in the other two countries.
And Canada's automotive industry agrees.
"You can't have protectionism within a free trade agreement. It's an oxymoron," Flavio Volpe, president of the Automotive Parts Manufacturers Association, said Friday.
Studies have found that Canadian-produced vehicles already contain 63 per cent American content, while those produced in Mexico contain 40 per cent, Volpe noted. But he said casting an American content requirement in stone would handcuff the industry's ability to pivot to suppliers in other countries — including Canada and Mexico — should they be able to offer a better product at a better price.
"If the U.S. becomes less competitive and you're tied to doing it in the U.S., then you are less competitive," Volpe said, adding that in the meantime the industry's global competitors, like China, will be "eating your lunch."
"It's goofy."
Even without a specific American content requirement, the reported proposal to hike the North American content requirement to 85 per cent — up from the current 62.5 per cent — is stoking fears in all three countries that their fully integrated supply chain would be disrupted, manufacturing costs would skyrocket and the North American automotive industry would be left unable to compete with automakers in Europe and Asia.
"We are such a highly integrated industry, I think numbers of this nature would be highly problematic ... and it would really tend to undermine our competitiveness as an industry within North America, let alone Canada," said Mark Nantais, president of the Canadian Vehicle Manufacturers Association.
Matt Blunt, president of the American Automotive Policy Council and former Missouri governor, echoed that concern.
"We share the goals of the (Trump) administration to strengthen the U.S. manufacturing sector, grow the U.S. economy and American jobs," he said in an email statement to The Canadian Press.
"We, however, are concerned the approach they are taking would be counterproductive to achieving those shared goals, including significant changes to rules of origin that would be harmful to the short and long-term competitiveness of the North American auto industry."
Unifor president Jerry Dias, whose union represents Canadian autoworkers, said he sympathizes with what the U.S. is trying to do: stop the exodus of manufacturing jobs, particularly in the auto industry, to low-wage Mexico.
But he said imposing stringent North American and American content requirements, without simultaneously raising the 2.5 per cent tariff on vehicles imported to the U.S. outside NAFTA, would backfire. He predicted automakers would forgo their duty-free status under NAFTA, move their operations to Mexico and pay the tariff.
"Ultimately, unless they deal with the 2.5 per cent tariff, it's all worthless."
As for a specific American content requirement, Dias said that simply "won't fly."
"For the U.S. to think that Canada is somehow just going to be bullied and is going to roll over and not protect their key industries while the U.S. is trying to do the same makes no sense," he said, noting that autos remain Canada's top export.
The protectionist line on auto rules of origin comes after the U.S. tabled an equally unpalatable proposal on government procurement at the third round of negotiations last week in Ottawa. The U.S. is looking to severely restrict the ability of Canadian and Mexican companies to win contracts on government-funded infrastructure projects in the U.S.
The mood among stakeholders during the third round was glum but Dan Ujczo, an Ohio-based trade lawyer with clients in both Canada and the U.S., said it's about 10 times worse now, with most expecting the talks to end in failure.
While the political leaders still talk about creating a "win-win-win" for all three countries, Ujczo said the only 'Ws' on stakeholders' minds during the fourth round will be "who will withdraw" and "when will withdrawal" occur.
A senior Canadian government official, not authorized to speak publicly on the matter, said Canadian negotiators will keep meeting and talking, even if it means repeatedly rejecting hardline American proposals.
Adam Austen, a spokesman for Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland, declined to comment on the auto content requirement issue because an American proposal has still not been put on the table.
"We will continue to work for a good deal, but not just any deal. We will continue to make clear, reasoned arguments based in fact."
Joan Bryden , The Canadian Press
ABC/Heidi Gutman(LOS ANGELES) — Kerry Washington is slaying Essence‘s May issues as one of the “Woke 100.”
Washington is named Essence‘s “woke honoree” in the issue, joining the list of those who are changing the game in film, television, social justice and more. A few of those nominees include Tarana Burke, Jemele Hill, Anita Hill, the late Erica Garner, Robin Thede, Gabrielle Union, Lena Waithe, and Black Panther costume designer Ruth Carter.
Washington, who last week took her final bow as Washington D.C. fixer Olivia Pope on ABC's Scandal, is also reflecting on what her hit character has meant to her.
“I feel like whenever I play a character, I feel she comes into my life to teach me something,” Washington said. “I've never had the privilege of playing a character for this long, but of the many things Olivia Pope has given me is this sense that anything's possible, that there's always a way through.”
Essence‘s May issue hits newsstands nationwide Friday, April 27.
Copyright © 2018, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Las Vegas Metro police they are investigating a deadly shooting Wednesday afternoon.
Officers responded to the incident just after 12 p.m. in the 1200 block of Melville Drive, near Charleston Boulevard and Valley View Boulevard.
According to police, the victim was at a home in the area with a friend who was working on a vehicle. The suspect arrived at the home and got into a fight with the victim before he was shot.
The victim was taken to University Medical Center where he was pronounced dead, police said.
A suspect has not been taken into custody. Police described the suspect as a Hispanic male approximately 20 to 25 years old. He was last seen in a dark-colored sedan.
Police said they do not believe the shooting was random.
An investigation is ongoing.
Anyone with information is urged to contact Crime Stoppers at 702-385-5555.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
All babies in Scotland due from tomorrow (August 15) will be gifted a Box full of essential items aimed at tackling inequality and promoting health.
The boxes are a strong signal of the Scottish Government's determination that every child, regardless of their circumstances should get the best start in life.
Each Baby Box contains a large number of items which are not only practical but designed to help tackle inequality and improve health. The Box itself also doubles up as a safe sleep space, awarded British Safety standard accreditation as a crib for domestic use.
Mark McDonald Minister for Childcare and Early Years said: “We are committed to doing everything we can to give every baby born in Scotland the best possible start in life and the Baby Box is just one of the range of measures we are using to help babies and parents thrive in the crucial early months.
“The Box includes a large number of items which are not only practical but designed to help tackle inequality and improve health. It can also be used as a safe sleep space and has been awarded British Safety standard accreditation as a crib for use at home.
“We will continue to listen to feedback as the Baby Box reaches more families and work with parents and healthcare professionals to keep the contents under review.
“The national roll-out is the result of months of hard work and engagement with healthcare professionals, stakeholders and parents and I would like to thank everyone involved in helping us reach this momentous occasion.
“The Baby Box has certainly captured the public's imagination and we are extremely proud to introduce it to Scotland.”
Chief Medical Officer Dr Catherine Calderwood said: “All the evidence shows that the early years are crucial for children's development. What happens then can be linked to outcomes much later in life. So we know that measures undertaken in the 0-3 years age range have the opportunity to make the biggest impact.
“That is why we have been working hard to enhance the existing infrastructure available to support families in these crucial early years from before birth all the way up to school age and beyond.
“Over and above the practical benefits the items within the Baby Box provide, the box itself also offers healthcare professionals a unique opportunity to introduce expectant parents to a wide range of health promotion information.”
All babies due on or after 15 August will be eligible for a Baby Box.
Kingsmuir House in Peebles has been named as the best bed-and-breakfast or guesthouse in in the country at the 25th Scottish Thistle Awards' national final.
The Springhill Road B&B was the Borders' only winner at last Thursday's ceremony, held at the Edinburgh International Conference Centre.
It took home the prize for most hospitable B&B or guesthouse, sponsored by Bruce Stevenson Insurance Brokers, a firm based in the capital but with other offices in Galashiels and Glasgow.
The awards' judges commended Kingsmuir House on its collaborations with other local businesses and use of seasonal and local produce.
They were particularly impressed by the B&B's digital presence “aimed at improving the customer journey and delivering the best possible experience to all guests”, they said.
Welcoming that announcement, Kingsmuir House co-proprietor Malcolm Mullarkey said: “I am absolutely delighted to win this award.
“This is what makes my passion and momentum to strive for perfection each time a guest makes a booking and subsequent visit.
“It's a great honour to be a part of these celebrations alongside the other inspiring ambassadors for the tourism industry endorsing our passion and motivation to ensure our guest's journey is one to remember and cherish for all the right reasons.”
Paula Ward, regional leadership director at VisitScotland, one of the event's organisers, added: “I would like to say a massive congratulation to Kingsmuir House on being crowned the best in Scottish tourism.
“These awards recognise the drive and passion the industry has for creating an unforgettable experience for visitors, and I'm delighted that Malcolm and Karen's passion and commitment to ensuring their guests enjoy the warmest of welcomes has been recognised.
“Their attention to detail at every stage of their guests' stay is truly deserving of this accolade.”
Still Game and River City star Sanjeev Kohli co-hosted the evening with STV presenter and former Miss Scotland Jennifer Reoch.
This year marked the awards' silver anniversary and saw a record-breaking 750 entries to the competition.
Rebecca Brooks, chairperson of the awards' industry panel and VisitScotland Board member, said: “The Scottish Thistle Awards are Scotland's premier awards for the tourism industry, and for 25 wonderful years they have been shining a spotlight on success, innovation and excellence.
“Congratulations go to all of our national winners.
“We are delighted to celebrate with them during this milestone year.
“They represent the best of Scottish tourism and epitomise the strength and depth of the sector which continues to innovate and excel in giving visitors a high-quality experience.
“Tourism is more than a holiday experience. It creates jobs and sustains communities.
“The Scottish Thistle Awards lets us recognise the unsung heroes of our industry who show real dedication and enthusiasm for Scotland's tourism industry.”
DL held a five-point cushion for much of the second half. Moorhead closed to 59-56 with five minutes to play. Both teams kept pace with DL outscoring the Spuds 13-11 down the stretch to a 72-67 advantage finishing on a 9-8 scoring exchange for victory.
Adam Daggett scored 20 points and announced via Twitter that he will continue his basketball career at Concordia College next season joining former teammate Jacob Pazdernik.
Moorhead freshman guard Drew Hagen set a Spuds' school record with nine three-point baskets and a team-high 29 points to keep the Spuds in the game. Noah Melton scored 15 points; Alend Alemadi added a dozen.
Tanner Doppler was in double figures for DL with 11 points.
The Spuds fall to 3-18 and have lost five straight games.
The Lakers pushed their win streak to eight games and improve to 11-8 overall.
DL travels to Albany (4-17) Friday, Feb. 17.
DL 40 41 — 81
MHD 32 43 — 75
DL - Cihak 32, Daggett 20, Doppler 11, McLeod 6, Bettcher 6, Haire 2, Pratt 2, Kerzman 2.
MHD - Hagen 29, Melton 15, Alemadi 12, Harden 5 Garcia 5 Larson 6, Nelson 2, N/A 1
“You seriously have no idea what people are dealing with in their personal life so just be nice. It's that simple.”
The white-haired gentleman was driving slowly and cautiously. At seventy-something he tended to move slower than others. But there was also mindfulness about his pace. He truly listened to what you were saying. He simply believed you deserved the respect.
His driving was extra cautious this day. In fact, the drivers in the few cars behind him seemed to be getting frustrated. Directly behind him some young people started honking the horn, which of course made him nervous. They started yelling, gesturing, and making a clear display of their impatience.
After they sped past, he relaxed a little, but his mind was still elsewhere. See, his spouse of 49 years had just died that morning, and his shock had not yet turned into the deep grief that would undoubtedly be with him for all his remaining days.
Consider this: Does a little patience require that much of you? Even in a hurry, is it possible to take a deep breath and proceed as your gentle, kind self?
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
House price growth in the West Midlands is expected to surpass all but one UK region over the next five years, according to new research.
The analysis revealed the West Midlands was set to show the second highest increase in house prices from 2018 to 2022 at 3.8 per cent, behind only the South West at 4.3 per cent (see table below).
The South East and Northern Ireland are in joint third place (3.7 per cent) while at the other end of spectrum is London, which sits bottom of the table with projected growth in house prices of just 1.5 per cent.
The North East (1.9 per cent) and Wales (2.2 per cent) make up the bottom three, according to research carried out by financial services firm KPMG based on house price indices from Nationwide and economic data from the Office for National Statistics.
Siobhan Lodder, partner and head of housing at KPMG in the Midlands, said: "The housing market in the West Midlands reflects the strength of our local economy as a key region in the UK.
"Our analysis reinforces the importance of local infrastructure and connectivity, with billions being invested to improve roads, rail lines, schools and hospitals in the region and these continue to be crucial drivers for house price growth.
"A number of towns and cities across the West Midlands are undergoing regeneration and deemed 'up and coming' and already these are noting rising house prices.
"These factors drive perceived attractiveness and ultimately create a virtuous circle of growth.
"Regional business hubs like Birmingham and Coventry are benefiting from the exodus of talent leaving London to start a life where the job prospects are good and the cost of living is cheaper.
"Policymakers need to recognise the impact rejuvenation and community can have on making areas attractive.
"Last week's announcement to build 215,000 homes in the West Midlands reflects the strength of the region as a key economy for the UK."
House Price Growth 2018 - 2022 (highest to lowest)
LOS ANGELES — Netflix has signed Shonda Rhimes to a multi-year production deal, ending a 15-year relationship with ABC Studios that yielded hits from "Grey's Anatomy" to "Scandal."
Her shingle, Shondaland, will begin producing new series for Netflix while she continues to stay involved in her current broadcast series. Executive producer Betsy Beers will also come to Netflix with Rhimes, one of the most successful TV producers of the past decade.
"Shonda Rhimes is one of the greatest storytellers in the history of television," said Ted Sarandos, Netflix chief content officer, in a statement. "Her work is gripping, inventive, pulse-pounding, heart-stopping, taboo-breaking television at its best. I've gotten the chance to know Shonda and she's a true Netflixer at heart — she loves TV and films, she cares passionately about her work, and she delivers for her audience. We're so excited to welcome her to Netflix."
Shonda Rhimes attends the "Scandal" 100th Episode Celebration at Fig & Olive in West Hollywood, California, in this April 8, 2017 file photo. Richard Shotwell / Invision/AP
The pact reflects Netflix's increasing interest in producing original series the company can own, as well as the arms race continuing to escalate between not only the streaming service and TV networks, but other subscriber VOD options like Amazon Prime and Hulu. Earlier this week, Amazon signed on another proven hitmaker, Robert Kirkman, creator of AMC's megahit "The Walking Dead."
Netflix has been a whirlwind of activity as of late, signing filmmakers Joel and Ethan Coen to a deal for a series, "The Ballad of Buster Scruggs." The company also just made its first acquisition, Millarworld, which will yield intellectual property from a roster of comics that have yielded movies in the past from "Kickass" to the "Kingsman" franchise.
The Wall Street Journal, which first reported the story, estimates that Netflix will pay Rhimes $10 million per year to generate what the streaming service is hoping will be the next generation of hit shows. Rhimes has been a consistent supplier of successful drama hours, including "How to Get Away With Murder." That series, as well as "Grey's Anatomy" and "Scandal," have already been renewed for new seasons in 2017-18.
Previous episodes of all three Shondaland series air on Netflix in the U.S., and in select markets around the world.
"Shondaland's move to Netflix is the result of a shared plan Ted Sarandos and I built based on my vision for myself as a storyteller and for the evolution of my company," said Rhimes in a statement. "Ted provides a clear, fearless space for creators at Netflix."
About
Published:
A serie of 5 illustration I've made in 2016 for a personal project.
Share this article on LinkedIn Google+ Email
Renault could reduce the size of the team working at its engine base in France, while the recruitment drive at its race team factory is set to "slow down" in 2017...
FRANKFURT/WASHINGTON (Reuters) – Bayer won U.S. approval for its planned takeover of Monsanto after agreeing to sell about $9 billion in assets, clearing a major hurdle for the $62.5 billion deal that will create by far the largest seeds and pesticides maker.
Makan Delrahim, who heads the U.S. Justice Department's (DoJ) Antitrust Division, said the asset sales agreed to by Bayer were the “largest ever divestiture ever required by the United States.”
A Bayer spokesman said the planned sale of businesses with 2.2 billion euros ($2.54 billion) in sales to BASF already agreed to address antitrust concerns, mainly in Europe, were not materially different from the DoJ's demands.
ADVERTISEMENT
“Receipt of the DOJ's approval brings us close to our goal of creating a leading company in agriculture,” Bayer CEO Werner Baumann said in a statement.
After months of delays in a drawn-out review process the ruling brings Bayer close to creating an agricultural supply giant with sales of about 20 billion euros, based on 2017 figures, when taking into account the divestments.
At current foreign exchange rates, that compares to about 12.4 billion euros at DowDuPont's Corteva Agriscience unit, 11 billion euros at ChemChina's Syngenta and 7.9 billion at BASF, including businesses to be acquired.
Bayer's move to combine its crop chemicals business, the world's second-largest after Syngenta AG, with Monsanto's industry-leading seeds business, is the latest in a series of major agrochemicals tie-ups.
U.S. chemicals giants Dow Chemical and DuPont merged in September 2017 and are now in the process of splitting into three units. In other consolidation in the sector, China's state-owned ChemChina purchased Syngenta and two huge Canadian fertilizer producers merged to form a new company, now called Nutrien.
ADVERTISEMENT
Bayer committed to selling its entire cotton, canola, soybean and vegetable seeds businesses and digital farming business, as well its Liberty herbicide, which competes with Monsanto's Roundup.
Under agreements with European and other antitrust enforcers, Bayer agreed to sell assets with revenues of 2.2 billion euros ($2.6 billion), to rival BASF for 7.6 billion euros.
Bayer said in a statement it expected Bayer and Monsanto to begin the integration process as soon as the sales to BASF are complete, which it said are expected to take two months to complete.
If Bayer does not close the deal by June 14, Monsanto could withdraw from the takeover agreement and seek a higher price.
It has already secured the go-ahead from key jurisdictions, including the European Union, Brazil and Russia. Apart from the United States, it still needs clearance in Canada and Mexico.
In a separate statement, Bayer said on Tuesday said the European Commission had approved BASF as a suitable buyer of the businesses to be divested.
Bayer last week said synergies from folding Monsanto into its organization would be about $300 million below its previous target because it will have to sell more businesses than initially expected.
Sierra Leone Telegraph: 30 May 2018:
President Julius Maada Bio of Sierra Leone arrived today in Nigeria for two days of talks with the country's President Muhammadu Buhari, aimed at strengthening bilateral ties between the two sister countries.
According to State House report in Freetown, speaking at their meeting in the Presidential Villa, President Buhari said that he shared many things in common with President Bio, adding that, they are both retired generals, former military heads of state and now democratically elected Presidents.
President Buhari also spoke about the strong bilateral relations between Sierra Leone and Nigeria, and promised President Bio that he will continue to strengthen those ties.
On security, President Buhari spoke about the critical importance of stability in the two countries and also at the regional level. He said that Nigeria will spare no effort to ensure that the two countries continue to be stable.
In response, President Bio said that his visit was not only aimed at strengthening bilateral ties between the two countries, but also to express gratitude to the Government and people of Nigeria for all the assistance and support Sierra Leone has received from Nigeria.
President Bio told Buhari that Nigeria and Sierra Leone have a long history and share common values. He expressed his deepest gratitude on behalf of the people of Sierra Leone for the role Nigeria played in bringing Sierra Leone's civil war to an end, as well as the support received from Nigeria during the post-conflict reconstruction.
After a closed-door meeting with President Buhari, President Bio addressed the Press. He spoke about the priorities of his new Government, which include free education and diversification of the economy.
Earlier, President Bio was given a warm welcome at the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport in Abuja, where he was given a presidential guard of honour and received by the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, Geoffrey Jideofor Kwusike Onyeama.
Share this: Tumblr
Email
Print
Google
Reddit
LinkedIn
Twitter
WhatsApp
More
Pinterest
Facebook
MINNEAPOLIS — A doctor who saw Prince in the days before he died had prescribed oxycodone under the name of Prince's friend to protect the musician's privacy, according to court documents unsealed Monday that revealed nothing about how the pop superstar got the fentanyl that actually killed him.
The affidavits and search warrants were unsealed in Carver County District Court as the yearlong investigation into Prince's death continues. The documents show authorities searched Paisley Park, cellphone records of Prince's associates, and Prince's email accounts to try to determine how he got the fentanyl, a synthetic drug 50 times more powerful than heroin.
They don't reveal answers, but do shed light on Prince's struggle with addiction in the days before he died. Oxycodone, a painkiller, was not listed as a cause of Prince's death.
Prince was 57 when he was found alone and unresponsive in an elevator at his Paisley Park home on April 21.
A search of Prince's home yielded numerous pills in various containers. Some were in prescription bottles for Kirk Johnson, Prince's longtime friend and associate. Some pills in other bottles were marked as if they were a mix of acetaminophen and hydrocodone — but at least one of those tested positive for fentanyl, meaning the pill was counterfeit and could only be obtained illegally.
The documents show Prince was struggling with an addiction to prescription opioids. Just six days before he died, Prince fell ill on a plane and made an emergency stop in Illinois as he was returning home from a concert in Atlanta. First responders revived him with two doses of a drug that reverses the effects of an opioid overdose.
One affidavit says Dr. Michael Todd Schulenberg, who saw Prince April 7, 2016, and again on April 20, admitted to authorities that he prescribed oxycodone for Prince the same day as the emergency plane landing “but put the prescription in Kirk Johnson's name for Prince's privacy.”
Authorities also searched Johnson's cellphone records, to see who he was communicating with in the month before Prince died.
Messages left with attorneys for Schulenberg and Johnson weren't immediately returned Monday. Schulenberg has an active medical license and is currently practicing family medicine in Minnesota. His attorney, Amy Conners, told the AP last week that there are no restrictions on his license.
Investigators haven't interviewed either Johnson or Schulenberg since the hours after Prince died, an official with knowledge of the investigation told The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because the investigation is ongoing.
While authorities have the power to ask a grand jury to investigate and issue subpoenas for testimony, that step hasn't been taken, the official said.
Prince did not have a cellphone, and authorities searched multiple email accounts that belonged to him, as they tried to determine who he was communicating with and where he got the drugs that killed him, according to the search warrants. The search warrants don't reveal the outcome of the email searches.
The documents say some of the drugs in Prince's bedroom were in a suitcase with the name “Peter Bravestrong” on it. Police believe Bravestrong was an alias that Prince used when he travelled. The suitcase also contained lyrics for the song “U Got the Look” that appeared to be in Prince's handwriting.
Investigators have said little about the case over the last year, other than it is active. The official who spoke to the AP said the case has taken investigators to Illinois and California, as authorities have interviewed friends, family and any potential witnesses, including the flight crew and hospital staff that were present when Prince overdosed on the plane.
A man stole the police car from 17th Street and Washington Avenue and sped away, according to the Miami Beach Police Department. He then lost control of the vehicle at 13th Street and Meridian Avenue and crashed into another car.
THROUGH JUNE 3
Once the Musical, Paramount Theatre, 23 E. Galena Blvd., Aurora. Once is based on the Oscar-winning movie and is an eight-time Tony Award-winning musical, including Best Musical, Best Actor and Best Book. It is both big and grand in its themes of love and longing, yet simple and subtle in its execution. Information: 630-896-6666.
APRIL 25
AU Band & Flute Ensemble Concert, Aurora University's Crimi Auditorium, 1347 Prairie St., Aurora, 7:30 p.m. The AU Band and Flute Ensemble join forces again to perform instrumental music. There is always a variety of styles represented, and a little pep band music thrown in at the end. Information and registration: 630-844-4924.
APRIL 27-28
Geneva ABC Garage Sale, citywide, 8 a.m.-4 p.m., sponsored by Geneva Chamber of Commerce. Information: https://www.genevachamber.com/garage_sale/
St. Charles Community Garage Sale, various residential areas. Registration fee benefits STC Underground teen center. Information: 630-513-4321 or visit www.stcparks.org
APRIL 27-MAY 12
Of Good Stock, Albright Theatre, 100 N. Island Ave. Floor 3, Batavia, 8 p.m. Fridays and Saturdays, 2 p.m. Sundays, $15-$20. The Stockton Sisters attempt to enjoy their reunion but their time is marred by old drama, as family reunions often are. They fight, argue, laugh, and thoroughly bemuse their partners. Tensions bubble to the surface as the sisters face their family legacy and try to come to terms with everything going wrong. Information: 630-406-3383.
APRIL 27-29
Rails to Victory 2018 World War II event, Fox River Trolley Museum, 365 S. La Fox Street, South Elgin. RTV is a Western Front European Theater event which will once again be presenting the Occupied France Trolley Adventure with small action skits and skirmishes along three miles of trolley track. School events on Friday, museum open at 10 a.m. Saturday and Sunday. Information and tickets at www.railstovictory.com/
APRIL 28
El Día de los Niños, Vaughan Athletic Center, 2121 W. Indian Trail, Aurora, 1-5 p.m. This Aurora Hispanic Heritage Advisory Board event includes food vendors, a variety of fun-filled and educational activities (including booths from community resource businesses and vendors), entertainers (mascots) and main stage entertainment that is appropriate for all ages. Information: 630-907-9600.
Super SciTech Saturday: Party for the Planet, SciTech Hands-On Museum, 18 W. Benton St., Aurora. Up to four children admissions to the general museum are free with a paying adult. Hands-on activities available for $1 or all activities for $5. Information: 630-859-3434.
Barnyard Dash 5K, Blackberry Farm , 100 S. Barnes Rd., Aurora, 8:30 a.m. This CARA-certified 5K traverses the scenic trails around beautiful Blackberry Farm and Lake Gregory. This unique combo event features a 5K race starting and a shorter Pig Pen 1-miler with children ages 5 and up. Information: 630-892-1550.
Aurora University's Spring Concert, Crimi Auditorium, 1347 Prairie St. , Aurora, 7:30 p.m., free but registration required. Join Aurora University Choirs and the Fox Valley Orchestra for a dramatic finish to the concert season. Registration information: 630-844-4924.
Moonlight Tour of Farnsworth House, 4520 River Rd, Plano, 6:30 p.m. Discover Mies van der Rohe's celebrated Farnsworth House in a new light in exclusive tours that start at dusk and return after dark, lasting approximately 90 minutes. Information: 630-552-0052.
Super SciTech Saturday: Party for the Planet, 18 W. Benton St., Aurora. Up to four children admissions to the general museum are free with a paying adult. Hands-on activities available for $1 or all activities for $5. Information: 630-859-3434.
The Oak Ridge Boys, Arcada Theatre, 105 E. Main Street St., St. Charles. Their sound is one of the most distinctive and recognizable sounds in the music industry. The four-part harmonies and upbeat songs of The Oak Ridge Boys have spawned dozens of hits. Information: www.arcadalive.com/event/the-oak-ridge-boys/
Elgin's Parks Golden Memories, Hawthorne Hill Nature Center, 28 Brookside Drive, Elgin, 2 p.m., free. Come to one of Elgin's hidden gems to hear the colorful history of this city park. Information: 847-931-6127.
APRIL 28-29
St. Charles Singers, Baker Memorial United Methodist Church, 307 Cedar Avenue, St. Charles, 7:30 p.m. Saturday and 3 p.m. Sunday. The singers' season-finale concert will feature the professional chamber choir's first-ever performance of Italian composer Ildebrando Pizzetti's “Messa di Requiem,” an early 20th-century masterpiece that will occupy the program's first half. Information: 630-513-5272.
APRIL 29
Kane County Doll Show, Kane County Fair Grounds, 525 South Randall Road, St. Charles. This event showcases products like antique and vintage dolls, Barbie and modern dolls, fashion accessories, purses and shoes and much more. Information: 815-356-6125 or visit www.kanecountydollshow.com/
Saturday speaker Series: St. Charles, the Pickle Capital of the World, St. Charles History Museum, 215 E. Main Street, St. Charles, 1 p.m. Come and learn how Pickle Packer's International changed the face of Pickles in St. Charles when interestingly there is no history of pickles being manufactured, packed or cucumbers grown in St. Charles. RSVP required. Visit www.stcmuseum.org/ for more information.
APRIL 30
Miss Elgin Contest of 1925, Gail Borden Public Library, 270 N. Grove, Elgin, 7 p.m., free. Using a variety of photos, Elgin historian Jerry Turnquist tells a story about the Miss Elgin Contest of 1925. Information: 847-742-4248.
MAY 3
Gene Simmons Band, Arcada Theatre, 105 E. Main Street St., St. Charles. The former KISS frontman is now on his first-ever solo tour with a red-hot backing band to perform some high-octane rock hits. Information: www.arcadalive.com/event/gene-simmons-band/
MAY 4
3rd Annual Food Truck Festival, Downtown Aurora | Benton St. | Aurora, 5-10 p.m., free admission. Food Trucks take over Benton Street with lots of delicious food options.
Computer Animation: Danielle Feinberg of PIXAR, Fermilab Ramsey Auditorium, South Kirk Rd. at Pine St., Batavia, 8 p.m. Feinberg will show how art and science come together to create the magic of Pixar films. You will get a behind-the-scenes peek at the various problems they have encountered and how they have solved them.
First Fridays Aurora, Downtown Aurora. Enjoy a night of art, fun, music, dance, and community at local businesses and venues in downtown Aurora on the first Friday evening of the month. Multiple venues in downtown Aurora open with art, music, and more. Free entrance, free art viewing and free trolley rides. Information: 630-256-3167.
MAY 5-6
Wine on the Fox, Hudson Crossing Park, 65 N. Harrison St., Oswego, free admission, wine tasting for persons age 21 and over. All tickets can be at the door. Advanced two-day tickets can be purchased at the Oswego Village Hall, 100 Parkers Mill, Oswego. Information: 630-554-4636.
Kane County Flea Market, 525 South Randall Road, St. Charles. Hundreds of dealers inside, outside, and under sheds. Information: 630-377-2252.
MAY 6
Spring at the Farm, Dickson-Murst Farm, 2550 Dickson Rd., Montgomery, 9 a.m.-3 p.m., free admission. Pet farm animals, do crafts, enjoy hayrides and sample tasty vittles from the Country Kitchen. Antique trucks and tractor show and traditional bluegrass music will set a nostalgic mood. Information: 630-272-0686.
Motorcycle Sunday, Phillips Park, 900 Montgomery Rd., Aurora, free. Motorcycle Sunday is a family-friendly motorcycle rally, bike blessing, live concert, 60-mile ride — and more — including bike shops, dealers, and vendors, food, people's choice bike contest, pro bikes photos available. Information: 717-991-0804.
MAY 8
Downtown Aurora Taste, various venues, Aurora, 5-9 p.m. Come sample diverse culinary offerings at the 15th Annual Downtown Aurora Taste. $25 ticket book contains a trolley pass, four restaurant passes, a map and a punch pass to be eligible for prizes. Free parking available. The event helps the Exchange Club of Aurora award area youth scholarships and fight child abuse. Information: 630-461-7353.
MAY 11
Batavia's Second Fridays, downtown Batavia, Wilson St., Batavia, 6-9 p.m., free. A night of food, art, music, fun and more. Downtown businesses will offer nontraditional programming ranging from a live performance, craft demo, a book signing or one of the many other programs, there is something for everyone. Information: 630-761-3528.
–Kane County Calendar of Events April 25 – May 11–
A man who was captured masturbating in public on Monday told Florida police officers he was Captain Kirk from “Star Trek.”
Officers from the Clearwater Police Department were called to a bus stop on Monday morning following a report of a “lewd and lascivious act,” WFLA reported.
Officers stated they discovered a man sitting on a bench and touching himself under his pants. The officers noted in a police report that it was “obvious he was masturbating.”
When asked what he was doing, the man told officers, “I'm scratching myself.”
As officers were arresting the man for disorderly conduct, they asked for his name. The arrest report stated the man told him his name was “James Tiberius Kirk,” the same name as the “Star Trek” protagonist Captain Kirk, famously portrayed by actors William Shatner and Chris Pine.
Officers determined the man's real name was James Bundrick, 56, and charged him with “disorderly conduct and providing a false name to law enforcement,” the Miami Herald reported.
Bundrick, a native of Georgia, was in prison from 2013 to 2016 for “aggravated battery with a deadly weapon and delivering a fake bomb threat.” His bond was set at $400.
Corporate culture is one of the biggest hurdles in the journey to becoming a digital organisation, according to a new study by Capgemini.
The study, published by Capgemini and analyst Brian Solis and titled ''The Digital Culture Challenge: Closing the Employee-Leadership Gap', uncovered a big cultural disconnect between leaders and their staff.
Capgemini and Solis spoke to more than 1,700 respondents at 340 organisations across eight countries, finding a significant perception gap between the senior leadership and employees on the existence of a digital culture within their organisations. While 40 per cent of senior-level executives believe their firms have a digital culture, only 27 per cent of the employees surveyed agreed with this statement.
Participants included 20 per cent of senior executives, 40 per cent middle management respondents and 40 per cent employees in non-supervisory roles across five industry sectors: automotive, banking/insurance, consumer products, retail and telecommunications.
“To compete for the future, companies must invest in a digital culture that reaches everyone in the organisation. Our research shows that culture is either the number one inhibitor or catalyst to digital transformation and innovation,” Solis said.
“However, many executives believe their culture is already digital, but when you ask employees, they will disagree. This gap signifies the lack of a digital vision, strategy and tactical execution plan from the top.
“Cultivating a digital culture is a way of business that understands how technology is changing behaviours, work and market dynamics. It helps all stakeholders grow to compete more effectively in an ever-shifting business climate."
Overall, the report found 62 per cent of respondents sees corporate culture as one of the biggest hurdles in the journey to becoming a digital organisation, sparking concerns that companies risk falling behind competition in today's digital environment.
Additionally, the data shows that this challenge for organisations has worsened since 2011 by seven percentage points, when Capgemini first began its research in this area.
The survey asked respondents to assess their companies' digital culture based on seven attributes: their collaboration practices; innovation; open culture; digital-first mindset; agility and flexibility; customer centricity and a data-driven culture.
It found that employees don't see their company's culture as ‘digital.' It also concluded that the ‘digital culture gap' is a result of senior leaders failing to communicate a clear digital vision to the company, the absence of digital role models, and a lack of KPIs aligned to digital transformation goals.
Capgemini head of digital services, Cyril Garcia, said digital technologies can bring significant new value, but organisations will only unlock that potential if they have the right sustainable digital culture ingrained and in place.
“Companies need to engage, empower and inspire all employees to enable the culture change together; working on this disconnect between leadership and employees is a key factor for growth. Those businesses that make digital culture a core strategic pillar will improve their relationships with customers, attract the best talent and set themselves up for success in today's digital world.”
Other key report findings show there's a profound disconnect between leadership and employees on all the dimensions of digital culture - with innovation still not a reality for many organisations.
“Only seven per cent of companies surveyed feel that their organisation can test new ideas and deploy them quickly,” the report found.
“This figure echoes employees' sentiment about culture of innovation, with only 37 per cent of respondents stating that their organisations have a culture of innovation, experimentation and risk-taking against 75 per cent of senior executives. Organisations need to actively reward risk-taking and create an environment where employees can experiment.”
Additionally, there is strong disagreement on collaboration practices. The findings reveal a divide between senior-level executives and employees on collaboration practices. 85 per cent of top executives believe that their organisations promote collaboration internally, while only 41 per cent of employees agreed with this premise.
The research also found considerable differences between what leadership and employees perceive as a clear digital vision. Sixty two per cent of respondents in leadership positions affirmed they have a well-defined strategy to achieve their digital goals, while only 37 per cent of employees agreed with this statement.
In conclusion, the report highlights that companies are failing to engage employees in the culture change journey.
“Getting employees involved is critical for shaping an effective digital culture and accelerating the cultural transformation of the organisation. Leadership and the middle management are critical to translating the broader digital vision into tangible business outcomes and rewarding positive digital behaviours,” it said.
The report recommended deploying digital change agents and empower employees to drive a digital culture; designing new digital KPIs that focus on behaviours; making digital culture change tangible; and investing in the digital skills that matter.
It also recommended that organisations communicating a digital vision and have visible leadership involvement; using digital collaboration tools to increase transparency and to reach out to employees; as well as taking a systems thinking approach to culture change.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Actor Denzel Washington has delivered legendary performances to audiences for decades, to his iconic portrayal of Malcolm X in the 90s to his recent embodiment of “Troy” in the screen adaptation of Fences. With Denzel being such a GOAT in Hollywood, many industry buffs have wondered who could possibly walk in his gigantic foot steps. According to the man himself, he's handing the baton off to Michael B. Jordan.
“I'm passing the baton,” Denzel said in a conversation with Jordan for the NY Times.
“What a lot of people don't know is: When you pass the baton, you keep running behind the other runner, you don't just stop. I'm like, “Make the turn, bring it home!” I like helping people. I want to see them do well.”
Jordan mentioned that his stellar performance in Fruitvale Station garnered Washington comparisons.
“When someone says you're like your idol,” Jordan explained,
“It's like: ‘Really? You see that in me?' I'd only done that one movie. But then I started using it as motivation,” he said. “I wanted to pop up on Denzel's radar. He's the O.G. If I could get recognition from him, I know I'm going down the right path, you know?”
“And here we are, Mike!” Washington interrupted, laughing. ” Looks like it's working out already.”
With a leading role in Black Panther, a reprised role as the son of Apollo Creed in Rocky spinoff “Creed,” and Farenheight 451 all premiering on the big screen this year alone, Jordan definitely seems poised to run the next lap successfully.
You can check out the whole convo here.
SOURCE: New York Times
RELATED LINKS
Student Brings Cardboard Cutout Of Michael B. Jordan To Prom
Michael B. Jordan To Produce All-Black WWII Drama ‘The Liberators'
Girl Breaks Retainer Over Michael B. Jordan
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
Abby Lee Miller gets early release from prison The "Dance Moms' host will leave a federal prison in California on February 20 and segue to a halfway house.
Abby Lee Miller on prison: 'I probably won't survive' “I gave kids a new life. No one can take away from me. No one,” she said of her accomplishments.
Abby Lee Miller gets two extra weeks of freedom before prison Deadline hears that personal issues such as health are at the core of the surrender date being pushed back two weeks.
Abby Lee Miller is living it up before prison Miller spent some of the evening chatting with a “hunky male model” at the bar.
'Dance Moms' star Abby Lee Miller gets one year in prison She was charged with bankruptcy fraud and bringing $120,000 worth of Australian currency into the country without reporting it.
GREENE COUNTY — Greene County Public Health is reminding residents that flu season is beginning to take hold of the Miami Valley region and that everyone six months and older, including pregnant women, should get a seasonal flu vaccine.
The flu is a contagious respiratory disease caused by a virus infecting the nose, throat, and lungs and can lead to serious complications such as pneumonia or bronchitis, hospitalization, or even death. It can also cause certain health conditions, like diabetes, asthma and heart and lung disease, to become worse. Even healthy people can get sick with the flu and have serious complications. According to GCPH officials, getting a flu vaccine is the best way to protect yourself and your family from this serious disease.
Flu viruses are constantly changing, and different viruses can circulate causing illness each season. Vaccines are made each year to protect against the flu viruses that research indicates will be most common. Vaccination immunity also declines after a year. This is why everyone needs a flu vaccine every season.
Flu vaccines can be obtained at local pharmacies and primary care physicians' offices or health centers.
Health Commissioner Melissa Howell reminds everyone to maintain good health by washing hands regularly, covering coughs and sneezes, eating a balanced diet, exercising and getting the right amount of sleep.
For more information and helpful tips, log on to www.flu.gov.
Fairborn Daily Herald
Story courtesy of Greene County Public Health.
Story courtesy of Greene County Public Health.
Sometimes a ‘Conspiracy Theory' is not just a theory…
Department of Justice Assoc. Deputy Attorney General Bruce G Ohr was demoted because he had working relationships with dossier author Christopher Steele and Fusion GPS; and -more importantly or perhaps ‘conveniently'- according to James Rosen, Bruce Ohr did not reveal his October 2016 contacts with MI6 agent Steele or Glenn Simpson (Fusion-GPS) to DOJ leadership. (LINK)
(L-R) Nellie H. Ohr (Fusion GPS) and Bruce G Ohr (DOJ)
However, the ongoing Dossier story gets far more intriguing as it is now discovered that Bruce G Ohr's wife, Nellie H. Ohr, actually worked for Fusion GPS and likely helped guide/script the Russian Dossier. (Link)
Contacted by Fox News, investigators for the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence (HPSCI) confirmed that Nellie H. Ohr, wife of the demoted official, Bruce G. Ohr, worked for the opposition research firm last year. The precise nature of Mrs. Ohr's duties – including whether she worked on the dossier – remains unclear but a review of her published works available online reveals Mrs. Ohr has written extensively on Russia-related subjects. HPSCI staff confirmed to Fox News that she was paid by Fusion GPS through the summer and fall of 2016.
But wait, it doesn't stop there… Mrs. Nellie Ohr was not only a Fusion GPS contracted employee, but she was also part of the CIA's Open Source Works, in Washington DC (link)
Both Mr. and Mrs Ohr worked on a collaborative group project surrounding International Organized Crime. (pdf here) Page #30 Screen Shot Below
But wait, it gets even better.
A month after Hillary Clinton hired Fusion GPS (April 2016) to sub-contract retired British MI6 agent Christopher Steele to write the opposition research report “the Trump Russia Dossier”, Fusion GPS employee Nellie Ohr applied for a HAM radio license (May 23rd 2016); a communication tool that would allow Nellie Ohr and Christopher Steele the ability to communicate outside the normal risk of communication intercepts.
Keeping in mind, both Bruce and Nellie Ohr's subject matter skill-set within the DOJ would provide them with a comprehensive understanding of how to network and communicate with international actors outside the traditional risk of communication intercepts. In short, Mrs. Nelli Ohr would know that using HAM radio frequencies would be a way to avoid the risk of U.S. intelligence intercepts on her communications.
The Clinton Campaign hired Fusion GPS in April 2016. Fusion GPS then sub-contracted retired British Intel MI6 agent Christopher Steele to write the Russian Dossier. A month later, May 23rd 2016, Fusion GPS employee Nellie Ohr gets HAM radio license.
So are we to believe it's COINCIDENTAL? All of a sudden, a 60(ish)-year-old woman decides to use a HAM radio the month after contracting with Christopher Steele for a Russian opposition research dossier on Donald Trump? Nonsense.
The more plausible scenario is MI6 Agent Christopher Steele and Mrs. Nellie Ohr knew any communication with foreign sources/actors could be easily monitored; and this need for communication was, most likely, going to lead to an organized operation where an FBI counterintelligence operation would exist -per Agent Peter Strzok- and, due to the subject matter being constructed, confidential communication would be required.
One way to ensure secure communications with parties external to the U.S. would be the use of HAM radio operations. You simply establish the frequency to use, and the time of the conversation, and presto. That's it. “Red-Dog-One to Red-Dog-Two, come in?” etc. Fortunately, this FCC license application now becomes evidence of an intent to subvert traditional communications intercepts… which, when combined with the other growing trails of evidence showing Fusion GPS schemes around the manufacturing of the Dossier, gets more interesting. Mrs. Nellie Ohr, a Fusion GPS contracted employee, gets HAM radio license May 2016. Following along the timeline: in June/July 2016 an initial DOJ FISA request is denied. This is simultaneous to FBI agent Strzok direct contact with Christopher Steele and the preliminary draft of the Russian dossier. Then in August 2016, Christopher Steele goes to Sir Andrew Wood to ask him to act as a go-between to reach Senator John McCain. [Trying to give his dossier credibility] Meanwhile throughout July, August and Sept 2016 Fusion GPS is paying journalists (NYT, ABC, NBC, Washington Post and Mother Jones, etc.) to listen to Christopher Steele and simultaneously shopping the dossier to them. Soon thereafter, October 2016 – The Obama administration, through FBI Agent Peter Strzok and DOJ Deputy Bruce Ohr, submits a new, more narrow application to the FISA court, now focused on a computer server in Trump Tower suspected of links to Russian banks. The second FISA application is accepted and a surveillance warrant is granted. Simultaneously in October 2016 – Through the media in the past week we discover – Associate DOJ Deputy AG Bruce G Ohr, Nellie's husband, is in direct contact with Christopher Steele, and the full dossier, along with secret meetings with Fusion GPS co-founder Glenn Simpson. . Again, Timeline Recap: ♦April '16 Clinton hires Fusion GPS
♦April '16 Fusion GPS hires Christopher Steele
♦May '16 Nellie Ohr gets HAM radio license.
♦June/July '16 FBI Agent Strzok meets w/ Steele
♦June '16 DOJ FISA request denied.
♦July '16 FBI counterintelligence operation begins
♦Oct. '16 Peter Strzok and Bruce Ohr meet w/ Christopher Steele
♦Oct. '16 FISA request granted. Last week U.S. District Court Judge Rudolph Contreras, the judge that appears to have granted Oct '16 FISA request, is mysteriously recused *AFTER* accepting Mike Flynn plea in the first hearing. No explanation is given for the recusal or why Judge Contreras waited until after the initial plea hearing. It would be EXPLOSIVE if it turned out the October 2016 FISA warrant was gained by deception, misleading/manipulated information, or fraud as a result of the Russian Dossier; and exponentially more explosive if the dossier was -in part- organized by the wife of an investigative member of the DOJ who was applying for the FISA warrant; the same warrant that led to the wiretapping and surveillance of the Trump campaign and General Flynn, and was authorized by FISA Court Judge Contreras. Representative Jim Jordan establishes “The Predicate“: . Representative Jim Jordan is “convinced the Steele Dossier was the underlying evidence for the October 2016 FISA warrant”. Part II: . CTH absolutely concurs with Jim Jordan's outline and subsequent belief. All evidence points in only one direction. No evidence goes in any other direction. The Steele dossier is a product aided by Nellie Ohr that underpinned the FISA application. The FISA application was a product constructed by FBI agent Strzok and DOJ Deputy Bruce Ohr under the authority granted to them by senior FBI and DOJ leadership. Remember, as Director Chris Wray stated this past week, the FBI Director would be personally responsible for signing off on the October 2016 FISA application. In October 2016 that FBI Director was James Comey. Twitter Thread for those who share via Twitter is also HERE.
Advertisements
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man has died after being struck by a train at Tilehurst train station.
British Transport Police and South Central Ambulance Service were called to the station in Oxford Road at around 5.50pm on Friday, December 8.
The emergency services attended after receiving reports a man had been hit by a train and it was later confirmed a man in his 40s was pronounced dead at the scene.
A British Transport Police spokesman said the death was not being treated as suspicious and that a file was being prepared for the Berkshire coroner.
He added the man's family had been located and informed of his death.
How to contact Samaritans If you're experiencing a crisis volunteers at The Samaritans are on 116 123. They're available around the clock, 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. If you need a response immediately, it's best to call on the phone but you can also email jo@samaritans.org. You don't have to be suicidal to call.
Police closed the station for several hours after the incident, which caused delays to rail services around the area.
If you're experiencing a crisis volunteers at The Samaritans are available 24 hours a day on 116 123.
Scandal-Plagued Equifax Wins $7.25 Million Contract from IRS
The company at the center of the biggest breach of personal information just signed a contract with the federal government to provide, well, personal information.
The Internal Revenue Service signed a $7.25 million contract with Equifax last month. The no-bid contract, first reported by Politico, is for Equifax to provide the IRS with taxpayer and personal identity verification services. The contract stated that Equifax was the only company capable of providing these services to the IRS, and it was deemed a "critical" service that couldn't lapse.
The news of the contract came on the same day that lawmakers heard from the company's former chairman and chief executive on how hackers were able to access the information of 145 million Americans, including Social Security numbers and dates of birth. The executive, Richard Smith, apologized to a House panel for the data breach.
Rep. Earl Blumenauer, D-Ore., said in a letter to IRS Commissioner John Koskinen that he initially thought his staff was sharing a copy of the Onion, a humor newspaper, until he realized the story about the contract was true.
"I am shocked that the IRS would contract with this firm for activities that they are clearly unfit to carry out," Blumenauer wrote.
Blumenauer said the news of the Equifax breach was public in early September, giving the agency time to re-evaluate its decision. He requested that the agency share with him the materials used to justify the awarding of the contract.
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock.
Tax evasion can be described as an extension and part of the “419” culture which is common and widespread in Nigeria. Such economic crimes have been perfected by those who practice them, but such practices deserve serious attention and efforts be made to check them. Those who engage in tax evasion and similar economic crimes are usually not small persons but “big shots”.
The principle of taxation is based on the notion of what is known as horizontal equity, or the equal treatment of equals without discrimination. What is known as vertical equity is the redistribution of a nation's wealth so that there are no extremes of wealth or poverty.
It is not a question of charity or poverty alleviation, but a question of sound political economy, a situation where a society does not breed predators and parasites. There is no doubt that there are such predators and parasites in Nigeria, operating as individuals, mafia or interest groups.
In modern societies, there are three varieties of taxes, namely: Direct taxes, which are paid by individuals on earnings from labour, rents, dividends and interests. This also includes corporate taxes calculated on taxable profits of companies. Then there are indirect taxes which includes levies on expenditure on goods and services of which the most commonly known is value added tax (VAT).
The third variety is wealth or property taxes, which includes levies on property, transfers of wealth or property, capital and securities or bonds. It is in the second and third category of taxes where real tax evasion and fraudulent practices abound most. Tax fraud is a universal practice but it thrives most in countries where record keeping is poor and where people can get away with manipulation and doctoring of documents.
Does the Nigerian business tycoon keep accurate and reliable records of his transactions and activities? Are there not Nigerians who own over 70 landed properties and huge investments located within and outside the country? How much do they pay annually as taxes, and do they ever admit that they are owners of such properties?
Either their wives are the owners or we find situations where children in secondary schools own properties worth billions of naira. Do we find genuine records of ownership of properties in Nigeria? Whether such properties are unoccupied mansions in Ikoyi, or a factory somewhere, can we find reliable records about their owners? There would always be controversies and counter-claims when a need arises for verification of such properties.
Two important factors about taxes are Equity, and Efficiency, without which, every system of taxation would be mere charade, characterized by fraud. Our system of taxation in Nigeria, associated with colonial exploits and brigandage, definitely introduced fraud, inequity and consequently, resistance by the masses.
Like current revenue sharing formula, taxation is perceived by the masses, not only as a social nuisance, but also a means of political patronage. Who are those who enjoy tax waivers as a way of encouraging them to create jobs for Nigerians and boost the economy?
Helpless civil servants, whose earnings are known and verifiable, are those who bear the brunt of taxation and don't enjoy any waiver or patronage. Even pensioners, despite their ailing health and meager pensions, are not spared by ruthless tax collectors.
Taxation in Nigeria has not been characterized by equity and efficiency, a situation which gives rise to sharp practices in financial book-keeping and tax evasion by individuals and corporate bodies. A situation where highly-placed persons cannot make honest declaration of their assets, cannot foster equity. How would taxation be efficient where tax collectors get compromised or fear to assess the income of some people and tax them accordingly?
From personal income taxes, to revenue accruing from mineral oil, there are serious lapses and distortions in the country's revenue profile. Similarly, expenditure patterns hardly elicit the confidence of the masses. How much of oil and tax-payers' money do we spend on foreign travels, treatments, sponsorship of pilgrimages, fumigation to destroy rodents, etc, etc.
The incomes of those who make huge donations to political parties should be investigated and assessed for equitable taxation. But, the assessors and collectors are rarely strict or efficient in their task.
Dr. Amirize is a retired lecturer from Rivers State University.
e-mail:bamirize@yahoo.com.
Bright Amirize
Commonwealth Games England has announced the 18 para athletes who will represent the country in the athletics events at the 2018 Commonwealth Games in Australia next April.
The line-up includes Paralympic and World champions Sophie Hahn and Kadeena Cox, who will be competing at their first Commonwealth Games in the T38 100 metres.
Both starred at this summer's World Para Athletics Championships in London.
Hahn winning double gold in the T38 100m and 200m, while Cox sealed the T38 400m title along with winning two further medals.
Triple World champion, Cox, said: "I am delighted to be called-up to the England team for the Commonwealth Games.
"I've been lucky enough to compete at Paralympic and World Para Athletics Championships so to get a chance to compete at these Games as well is very special and I can't wait to race in the Gold Coast.
"It is fantastic that the para programme has grown at the Commonwealth Games; seeing such inclusivity between able bodied and para athletes.
"We have a really strong team.
"After the success of the World Para Athletics Championships earlier this year, it is great to have the opportunity to compete on the big stage again and hopefully inspire new fans to the sport.”
Katrina Hart has invaluable Commonwealth Games experience after claiming the gold medal in the women's 100m T37 event in Delhi 2010 ©Getty Images
Richard Chiassaro, who won bronze in the T54 200m in London, will take on the 1500m distance on the Gold Coast.
Nathan Maguire, finalist at the World Championships, will join Chiassaro over the 1500m, while T12 100m sprinter Zac Shaw will compete in his first Commonwealth Games.
They will be joined by Katrina Hart and Jade Jones, who will be looking to add to their previous Commonwealth Games experiences on the Gold Coast.
Jones won a bronze medal in Glasgow 2014, while Hart claimed the gold medal in the women's 100m T37 event in Delhi 2010.
Team England will send a team of around 600 athletes and staff to Gold Coast in what will be England's largest ever team to represent the nation in an overseas sporting event.
The team will compete in 18 sports, including 38 para medal events.
Sarah Winckless, Chef de Mission for Commonwealth Games England, said: “This is the largest Para programme that the Commonwealth Games has ever delivered, and I am very pleased to be welcoming these athletes as part Team England.
"They will join the 75 athletes who were announced earlier this year, and will be our largest group of athletes from one sport.
“This para group is multi-talented and very strong, and I would particularly like to point out Jade Jones who will both be competing on the track, and taking her turn at the triathlon venue, a first for Team England.”
Sarah Winckless, Chef de Mission for Commonwealth Games England, is optimistic about Team England's chances at the Gold Coast 2018 Games ©Getty Images
Martin Rush, England's Athletics Team Leader, said: “We are delighted that these 18 athletes have accepted invitations to be part of the athletics team for the Gold Coast 2018 Commonwealth Games.
"What was already a strong team is now even stronger, with the addition of a number of Paralympic and World Para Athletics Championships medallists.
“The Games afford us a welcome opportunity to send a team that combines the talents of both para and non-disability athletes and we cannot wait to see them in action.”
Additionally, England Athletics have assessed the preparation needs of the non-disabled relay squad athletes that were named in October.
With very few outdoor competitive opportunities prior to the games, athletes selected for relays will be given the opportunity to race in individual events.
Ashleigh Nelson, Corinne Humphreys, Finette Agyapong, Harry Aikines-Aryeetey, Dwayne Cowan, Rabah Yousif, Emily Diamond, Perri Shakes-Drayton and Anyika Onuora will therefore compete individually as preparation for the relays.
Desiree Henry (100m and 4x100m relay) has unfortunately had to withdraw from the games, so Alex Bell (800m) will move into the team from the reserve list.
As part of its plans to send the best prepared team to the Gold Coast, Commonwealth Games England will hold a 10-day preparation camp in Brisbane, create a dedicated performance centre inside the Commonwealth Games Village, and offer a full programme of support services.
On Friday, German Chancellor Angela Merkel voiced her unease about the “escalation of rhetoric” regarding the U.S.-North Korea situation. She also predicted that taking military action is not going to ease the Asian dictatorship's relations with America.
“I believe that — am firmly convinced that — an escalation of rhetoric will not contribute to a solution of this conflict,” Merkel stated in response to President Trump's comments on the nuclear escalation.
“I do not see a military solution to this conflict, rather I see continuous work” she proceeds, “like we have seen in the UN Security Council with members with resolutions in view of North Korea, and above all very close cooperation with affected countries, especially the United States and China, but also South Korea, of course Japan.”
Merkel concludes, “Germany will be intensively involved with potential solutions that we see, not of a military manner, but the escalation of rhetoric I hold as the wrong answer.”
Trump posted a tweet on Friday saying that America's “military solutions are . . . locked and loaded.”
Share Article Facebook
Twitter
Email You are free to share this article under the Attribution 4.0 International license. Follow Futurity RSS
Twitter
Facebook
Newsletter
High levels of job-related stress affect 93 percent of teachers, new research suggests, a greater percentage than previously thought.
Classrooms with highly stressed teachers tend to have the poorest student outcomes, including lower grades and frequent behavior problems.
“It's no secret that teaching is a stressful profession,” says Keith Herman, professor in the University of Missouri's College of Education. “However, when stress interferes with personal and emotional well-being at such a severe level, the relationships teachers have with students are likely to suffer, much like any relationship would in a high stress environment.”
Aside from training and general competence, one factor that can influence successful behavior interventions and classroom management is teacher stress and coping. Herman analyzed teacher profiles by level of stress, level of coping ability, and the level of burnout the teacher felt. He found that teachers with low levels of stress and high coping ability are few and far between.
“It's troubling that only 7 percent of teachers experience low stress and feel they are getting the support they need to adequately cope with the stressors of their job,” Herman says. “Even more concerning is that these patterns of teacher stress are related to students' success in school, both academically and behaviorally. For example, classrooms with highly stressed teachers have more instances of disruptive behaviors and lower levels of prosocial behaviors.”
The researchers suggest a few methods that might better support highly stressed teachers. For example, teachers could have access to screening processes that can identify a need for more support to avoid further stress and burnout.
Building initiatives and programs that promote mental health practices and overall health can be extremely beneficial for teachers. However, focusing on individual coping strategies is just a start to fighting the broader social contexts that influence teacher stress, Herman says.
“We as a society need to consider methods that create nurturing school environments not just for students, but for the adults who work there.
“This could mean finding ways for administrators, peers, and parents to have positive interactions with teachers, giving teachers the time and training to perform their jobs, and creating social networks of support so that teachers do not feel isolated.”
The findings appear in the Journal of Positive Behavior Interventions.
Additional coauthors are from the University of Missouri. The Institute of Education Sciences Funding funded the study.
Source: University of Missouri
NBC 7's Danielle Radin talks to three American heroes who stopped a terrorist attack and are now starring in a Clint Eastwood movie based on the event. (Published Friday, Feb. 2, 2018)
Three men who are about to be first-time box office movie stars stopped by downtown San Diego to speak with NBC 7 Friday.
Spencer Stone, Alek Skarlatos and Anthony Sadler stopped an armed terrorist aboard a train to Paris in 2015. In The 15:17 to Paris, the film about their heroic act, the three friends were asked to act in it, reenacting their own lives, by director Clint Eastwood.
The unprecedented move by the Hollywood giant took the three lifelong best friends by surprise.
"It was just a complete shock," said Stone. "Because this kind of thing never happens."
The movie was originally going to use three established actors to play the parts of Stone, Skarlatos and Sadler. About a month into casting, Eastwood made it clear to the men that he had a different plan.
"And we just said, 'Mr. Eastwood, are you asking us to play ourselves in the movie?' and he said, 'yeah, why not?'" recalled Stone. "And it just went from there we just couldn't say no."
The Sacramento-area men were vacationing in Europe when they tackled Ayoub El-Khazzani, a man who authorities said has ties to radical Islam. El-Khazzani had boarded the Paris-bound train with a Kalashnikov rifle, pistol and box cutter.
“A lot of people think it was traumatic for us but it's really blossomed into a positive story,” said Sadler. “Everybody who was on the train with us in real life also plays themselves in the movie.”
The three humble heroes added at first they were nervous to act out their first few scenes in front of Eastwood. But he made them feel comfortable and confident by reminding them that they were just with their friends.
They also discovered some things that surprised them about filming a movie.
"The attention to detail was shocking," said Sadler. "There was somebody's job just to make sure the luggage was sitting correctly in the scene. Hundreds of people come together to make this film. It was a trip because it was our life story and we're playing ourselves, so we got to see the attention to detail they were putting into our lives."
A book was also released about the incident. The actors said the movie is actually more accurate than the book.
"The movie is a combination of all our of stories," said Skarlatos. "So we kind of hammered out everything that actually happened. Our actual body positions and the order that things happened in as well as witness statements."
All three men agree they have now caught the 'acting bug' and want to pursue the career full time.
The 15:17 to Paris comes out in theaters Friday, February 9.
× Kearney teen killed when driver loses control of car in single-car crash
EXCELSIOR SPRINGS, Mo. — A teenage girl lost control of her car while driving in Excelsior Springs, Mo., on Sunday. One of the passengers in the car, 17-year-old Malachi Roach, died from his injuries.
The driver and other passenger, a 16-year-old girl were taken to the hospital with moderate injuries.
Police say all three were wearing their safety belts.
The crash happened at about 10:40 p.m. Sunday night at 92-Highway at Tryst Falls Park. The driver was headed eastbound on MO-92 when the right front tire went off the right side of the road and struck the driveway entrance to the park. The driver then lost control of the vehicle, which began to rotate and then traveled off the left side of the roadway.
Police say the car then struck a stone mailbox, crossed a private drive and came to rest down an embankment.
DOWNEY (CBSLA) — A heartbroken Army veteran received good news Tuesday when he learned that his service dog, who had been stolen Saturday night in Downey, was found safe in Anaheim.
“Marcee is home!!!!!!” veteran Apolonio E. Munoz III wrote on his Facebook page Tuesday afternoon. “I got a call not too long ago from Downey PD that she was found by someone in Anaheim, that she was seen in a local park. They asked me to come by the station and see if this was Marcee; I get there and she was excited to see me. She's now home safe in her bed, won't leave my side and the roommate's dog is snuggled up with her giving her lots of attention and kisses.”
On Sunday, the 34-year-old Iraq war veteran explained in a Facebook post that while at an Arco gas station in the 10800 block of Lakewood Boulevard, his red Honda Civic was stolen Saturday night and Marcee — his 10-year-old pit bull mix — was inside.
Munoz went on to explain that Marcee was in training to be a service dog in order to help him cope with post-traumatic stress disorder.
“Thank you to everyone that helped bring her home, both Marcee and I are truly grateful to everyone for their help and support during this difficult time,” Munoz wrote. “Now that she's home, life can start to normalize and hopefully soon my car will also be found.”
While Munoz is relieved Marcee has been returned to him safely, his car — a red 2012 Honda Civic with California plate 7DAE374 — is still missing.
Anyone with information in the case was urged to contact Downey police at (562) 861-0771.
(© Copyright 2018 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. City News Service contributed to this report.)ted. Wire services contributed to this report.)
The NHS are urgently appealing for people with particular blood types to come forward and donate.
READ: Leeds and Sheffield make shortlist to host new Channel 4 base - but Hull fails to make the cut
O negative and B negative stocks are now running low in the NHS due to an increase in demand for certain blood types and a drop off in donations.
The lack of O negative and B negative donors giving blood in the run up to the bank holiday has meant that stocks of these groups could fall below two days.
NHS Blood and Transplant are asking anyone who knows they have these blood types but may have not donated before to give blood now.
There is currently an urgent appeal for more people from the black community to give blood, as well.
NHS Blood and Transplant needs at least 40,000 new black donors to help patients.
Over 7,000 have come forward since an appeal last June, but more are needed to help ease the pressure on blood stocks and make sure people in need receive the best possible blood match.
READ: Weather warning issued for Leeds as hail and thunderstorms look set to strike city
O negative is also the ‘universal' blood group and is often used when a patient's blood type is not known, like in emergency situations.
B negative stocks are low because many patients with serious blood disorders, like sickle cell, need B negative blood. Only two percent of donors are B negative.
O negative and B negative donors can walk in and donate at most of the NHS' fixed site donor centres, without the need to make an appointment, or can call 0300 123 23 23 to ask for a priority appointment.
Mike Stredder, Director of Blood Donation at NHS Blood and Transplant said: “The overall demand for blood is declining year on year. However, the need for specific blood groups such as Ro blood type and O negative are on the increase.
VIDEO: Chapel Allerton bar The Woods suffers 'extensive damage' after fire
“We need an additional 4,000 regular O negative donors to those we have now to consistently provide seriously ill patients with the blood they need. If you know you are O negative or B negative and have never donated before, now is the time to make a difference.
“If you are O or B negative, please call us on 0300 123 23 23 to get a priority appointment or walk in to one of our fixed site donor centres to give blood.”
You can get more information about our Donor Centres by calling the Donor Line on 0300 123 23 23 or visiting www.blood.co.uk
For people hoping to cash in on property prices in the event of a nuclear strike on Britain, one estate agency has you covered.
eMoov has created a map showing the impact of an “all-out nuclear attack” on 20 major cities in the UK and how far the blast, radiation, and fallout would cover.
(eMoov)
According to the map, Dundee would only be affected marginally if a devastating incident occurred.
To be completely safe, Dundonians who want to stay local should live to the north of the city in rural Perthshire.
They could also escape by heading for the Angus coastline, but anywhere significantly north of Arbroath could spell danger.
So buy now and you might be able to get a bargain on a property in Forfar or Carnoustie and save the hassle of building a “back yard nuclear bunker” along the way.
Except, no.
Nuclear war might make moving up the housing ladder or downgrading a little less of a priority.
Who wants to be thinking about repayment terms and interest rates when the country is twinned with Chernobyl?
The press release uses the escalating conflict between the US and North Korea as a starting point to offer a sales pitch to keep buyers “clear of any nuclear impact from World War Three”.
(eMoov)
It continues: “A back yard nuclear bunker can be a cool edition (sic) to a property, but can also be a pain to construct so rather than hide away, homeowners can look to radiation-free pockets of the nation to save themselves the trouble.
“Although we're out of range from any threat from North Korea, London would be the obvious choice for a nuclear strike in the UK, but the capital could be the tip of the ice berg (sic), so eMoov used Nukemap to plot the resulting impact zones for an all-out nuclear attack on 20 major UK cities.”
It has been roundly criticised and mocked on social media.
Clearly a quiet property market if the vultures have time to do this – wonder if they've considered variables like yield and wind direction? https://t.co/KpIN7lKtCd — Andy Anderson (@shelf_life64) August 11, 2017
I think they had too much time to play with the nuclear blast app/website and then had a (not so) bright idea. — Owain Thomas (@OTJournalist) August 10, 2017
While some people have been excited to learn of their relative “safety”…
My house in Inverness is for rent at a reasonable price when we reach the thermo nuclear war stage if anyone interested. — Alan Grant (@JaggyAl) August 10, 2017
My house in aberystwyth gonna be fine pic.twitter.com/WC3WL7SISb — el🐞 (@eIeanxr) August 10, 2017
…Others are plotting their move to somewhere on the coast.
Oh that's useful. I've always fancied living in Whitby. https://t.co/ldmEu1VTpS — Jenna Omeltschenko (@JenChenko) August 11, 2017
And for all the jokes…
Expect caravan holidays in Whitby to go through the roof. — andy bailey (@andybailey123) August 10, 2017
Blimey! I don't think the six-minute warning would give you time to exchange and complete… https://t.co/qeduir5Hui — simon read (@simonnread) August 10, 2017
Nothing says "Why not take on a 30 year mortgage?" like the threat of imminent nuclear war. — Betty Swalls (@Ebugoblog) August 10, 2017
…is it the worst press release ever as The Times journalist David Byers suggested in his tweet?
Or best, depending on how you look at it, I'd never heard of @emoov and now many people are talking about them. No such thing as bad publicity? https://t.co/v6rLSsU4WR — Ross McKillop (@rsmck) August 11, 2017
Definitely one for the 'not all publicity is good publicity' folder. I'm now less inclined to use their services. — Tom Callow (@au_tom_otive) August 11, 2017
Right, off to watch Threads.
Consumer Reports reveals which restaurants have taken steps to protect public health, and those that haven't, after restaurants have pledged to limit or eliminate antibiotics in the production of the meat and poultry they serve.
More than half of the largest 25 restaurant chains now have antibiotics policies in place. That's nearly triple what it was 3 years ago. Why is that important? Although antibiotics can be helpful for treating sick animals used for food - they are often overused to prevent disease and to help animals grow faster. Overuse is a really big threat to public health. It can lead to antibiotic-resistant bacteria, and that can make infections in humans really difficult to treat.
All of the progress at chain restaurants is due to changes in chicken policies. “No-antibiotic” beef and pork is still very limited. So who passed with flying colors? Panera Bread and Chipotle - came out ahead because nearly ALL of their meat and poultry are raised without antibiotics. Chick-fil-A, Taco Bell, Subway and Wendy's earned B's and C's. KFC improved with a B-minus and McDonald's pulled in a C-plus.
While KFC says it is committed to serving chicken raised without antibiotics those changes won't be implemented for a while. All of the chicken served at McDonald's has been raised without medically important antibiotics, but the company has made no progress on its beef and pork. Some big restaurants slower to make the shift - Burger King, Dunkin' Donuts, and Starbucks among others - pulled in D's. And a full eleven including Applebee's, Chili's, Dairy Queen and Olive Garden failed completely for having no policies at all. It's also worth noting that numerous smaller chains are making progress: For example, all of the chicken served at Dickey's BBQ is no-antibiotic, as is all of the beef, pork, and poultry served at Cheesecake Factory.
NBC 7 Responds reached out to all of the restaurants featured on Consumer Reports' scorecard. To see what restaurants had to say, click here.
All Consumer Reports Material Copyright © 2017_ Consumer Reports, Inc. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
"Powered by 100 percent renewable energy via a 2 kW solar system and Powerwall, Tiny House ... can calculate how your home can generate clean energy from the sun using solar panels, storing it in the Powerall to use through the day and night," Tesla said in a press release, "which can all be monitored and controlled by the Tesla app."
The two tonne (2.2 ton) structure is being towed around by a Tesla Model X and is built from "locally sourced, chemical-free, sustainable timber." It's powered by a 2kW, 6-panel system that's backed up by a $5,500 Powerwall.
Tesla's Tiny House is currently in Melbourne, Australia, and will next go to Sydney, Brisbane and Adelaide. Interestingly, the company doesn't yet offer solar panels in Australia (they're only available in the US and Mexico), even though it has sold Powerwalls there for awhile now. That's expected to change once Tesla completes its acquisition of Solar City, however.
It's also doing the world's largest battery backup installation, a 100 megawatt backup of the Hornsdale Wind Farm in South Australia. Musk famously has 100 days to complete the installation or it will be free, he said.
The Powerwall systems have won over some consumers in the nation. One told Electrek that a $16,000 solar installation, including the original Tesla PowerWall, has reduced his electric bill by 90 percent to just 59 cents a day. "When the sun goes down, I've still gone peak power from the battery." So far, the tour is limited to Australia, but it would make a lot of sense for Tesla to offer it elsewhere.
Nokia has announced it will re-launch the world's most loved mobile phone - the Nokia 3310!
The Nokia 3310 was first launched in 2000 and some people are still using them.
To date, 126 millions Nokia 3310 phones have been sold.
The 3310 won cult status because of its near indestructible durability.
It also featured much loved games such as ‘Snake II' and ‘Space Impact'.
The new incarnation of the phone will be sold for just €59 and will be launched at the Mobile World Congress later this month.
The battery life on the new 3310 is expected to much greater than the power used to operate modern day smart phones.
After seven months, the NCAA's Commission on College Basketball has completed its work and is ready to issue a report Wednesday on how to fix the sport.
Here's what happens next:
—Former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice will present the commission's report to university presidents of the NCAA board of governors and Division I board of directors on Wednesday at NCAA headquarters in Indianapolis.
—The boards will convene after the presentation to consider adoption of all, parts or none of the commission's recommendations. Adoption is a small step toward implementation.
I love juicing, I bought my first Brevelle Juicer about 6 years ago. Hubby bought a newer model and has gotten really into it this year. I am now reading that Soup, or “souping” is the new juicing as it is a lower sugar, more filling alternative to juice. Now these are not your typical soups, don't think: Cabbage. But cold, ready to go, soups and three websites are even pretty trendy right now. Zuppa Noma, Bonafide Provisions, and Mucho Gazpacho. Check them out.
I confess to feeling somewhat anxious about this recipe. Not because it doesn't taste good (it does) but because I am aware that Americans, and particularly southerners, have very strong feelings about their biscuits, and I have quite a few friends from the South who seem to be mainly employed in the food business. I know from experience that they will not hold back when it comes to their heritage and nor should they.
To add to my apprehension is the fact that I have taken the good old southern biscuit and married it with two Italian institutions: San Daniele prosciutto and mostarda and to make things worse, my mostarda recipe would not be considered to be authentic. Having seen the online kerfuffle when Italians understandably object to recipes which do not follow their passionately- argued conventions, I am not going to pretend that this mostarda is the Ur version.
Ham stuffed biscuits with an easy peach & nectarine mostarda
So why this culinary collision?
Go to the American South and you will find served in homes and restaurants across this most diverse of regions, biscuits stuffed with country ham or bacon alongside other delicious things. Biscuits are a perfect, comforting foil to whatever is placed inside them. Eaten warm, fresh from the oven, they are more like scones than the flat, sweet confections we call biscuits which Americans know as cookies.
Instead of using the toothsome air-dried country ham I once ate in the States which was altogether more robust in form and flavour, I've stuffed these biscuits with the delicate San Daniele prosciutto from the north-east of Italy, produced close to the Austrian and Slovenian border where cool mountain air and salty breezes from the Adriatic meld to produce the perfect air-drying micro-climate. Both the Italians and the Southerners really know their pigs; they are culinary siblings under the skin.
My last justification for this Italian-Southern hybrid apart from its sheer deliciousness? Peaches. Go to Italy and you will find prosciutto served alongside them. Wing your away across the Atlantic to the South and peaches abound there too. This luscious fruit is the perfect culinary bridge.
TO MAKE THE BISCUITS
250g plain flour
4 tsp baking powder
1/4 tsp bicarbonate of soda
pinch salt
2 tbs cold unsalted butter placed in freezer until hard
2 tablespoons vegetable fat (I use Trex)
230ml ice-cold buttermilk
Melted butter for glazing
Preheat your oven to 220 C / Gas 7 and line a tin with baking parchment. Using a large bowl, mix the dry ingredients together then remove butter from the freezer and grate it straight into the flour. Add the vegetable shortening then rub both into the flour, working swiftly to avoid melting the butter. Don't over-rub though.
Create a well in the centre and pour in the chilled buttermilk; lightly mix until you have a shaggy and sticky dough.
Dust your hands and the work surface with flour then turn the dough out.
Lightly knead and fold the dough three times then gently press it out to a thickness of 2cm. I don't use a rolling pin as I think it develops the gluten too much which toughens the biscuits.
Dust a metal biscuit cutter with flour. (I used a 3cm one here which gave me 12 biscuits but you may prefer to use a larger cutter in which case they'll take a few moments longer to bake.) When you cut the biscuits out it is vital to avoid twisting the cutter because doing so will seal the edges and prevent a decent rise. Decisively press down with the cutter the lift straight up; the rounds should be easy to remove from the surrounding dough.
Place the rounds on the baking tray. (If you let their edges touch they will rise higher.)
Bake in the preheated oven for 10 to 15 minutes until risen and golden brown then remove from oven and brush with melted butter. They are at their best eaten warm.
Note: It is possible to make these with a food processor. When I do it I simply add all the ingredients and pulse.
EASY PEACH AND NECATARINE MOSTARDA
3 just-ripe peaches, skinned, pitted and cut into chunks of 1.5 cm approx
3 just-ripe nectarines, skinned, pitted and cut into chunks of 1.5cm approx
pinch salt
150ml apple vinegar (Use a good cider vinegar if you cannot find apple,)
1 Pasilla chili (optional)
2cm sprig of rosemary
2 tablespoons mustard seeds
2 tablespoons coriander seeds
For easy skinning, pop the fruits into just-boiled water and leave for 30 seconds before draining; the skins should peel off easily. Place a heavy-based pan over a low heat and toast the mustard and coriander seeds, shaking the pan to prevent them from catching. Pour in the fruits, the apple vinegar, rosemary, chili and salt and bring to a boil then reduce heat to a simmer. Cook until the fruit begins to break down then remove the peaches and nectarines from the liquid with a slotted spoon and place to one side. Fish out and discard the rosemary sprig and chili then reduce the liquid down to a thick syrup over a medium-high heat, stirring to prevent it from catching. Place the fruit back into the syrup, turn off the heat then leave to infuse and cool.
Leftover mostarda can be stored in the fridge where it will keep, covered for a couple of weeks.
TO SERVE
Good butter
San Daniele prosciutto (one slice per biscuit but if you are feeling flush, then two) or substitute with gammon, bacon or anything porky.
Simply break or slice the biscuit, slather it in butter and stuff with first the ham, and then a spoonful of the fruit mostarda.
CARL JUNCTION, Mo. — A southwest Missouri man is charged in the death of his girlfriend's 3-year-old daughter.
Twenty-two-year-old Jalen Vaden was charged Thursday with second-degree murder and felony child abuse in the death of Jayda Kyle, of Carl Junction.
The Joplin Globe reports a probable because affidavit said Vaden became angry Nov. 27 when the girl didn't put on the pajamas he told her to wear. He allegedly threw her on the floor and bed and later found her bleeding and unresponsive on the floor.
The charges allege the girl died from injuries she suffered when her head hit the floor. She died Dec. 1 at a Kansas City hospital.
It wasn't immediately clear if Vaden had an attorney.
Carl Junction police Chief Delmar Haase says the child's mother has been cleared of any wrongdoing.
Alberta cereal crops from 2016 that remained in the field over winter are gradually being dealt with.
The low quality of that material has prompted Alberta's Agriculture Financial Services Corp. to introduce a temporary Salvage Grade factor to deal with the high volume of low quality cereals.
“Clients who have sold grain at a lower price than the grade factors reflect can submit the sales receipt for consideration,” the AFSC says.
“For 2016 unharvested crop, receipts from CGC (Canadian Grain Commission) licensed and unlicensed buyers will be used, providing they are arms-length transactions as defined by AFSC.”
Farmers who think their unharvested grain is not marketable but who do not have letters of rejection from potential buyers can contact AFSC for further crop assessment, the corporation said.
AFSC took steps earlier this spring to streamline its inspection process to facilitate crop insurance claims. In some circumstances it did assessments based on producer declarations without need for field inspection.
ADVERTISMENT
In situations where the crop was deemed unharvestable or unmarketable, AFSC assessed zero yield.
The last available figures showed AFSC had paid out $33.2 million in unharvested acreage advance payments on more than 2,000 claims.
It also extended its recommended seeding dates for 2017 only, recognizing the need to get 2016 crops off the field before seeding could begin.
June 5 was the extended recommended seeding date for spring wheat, durum, Argentine canola, flax, mustard, oats and mixed grain.
The extended recommended seeding date for Polish canola, spring triticale, spring rye and barley is June 15.
Boxing champ posts suicidal thoughts after latest violent episode Adrien Broner and Las Vegas do not mix. The troubled boxer was standing among a crowd of fans and snapping photos Friday night on the Las Vegas strip when something...
Adrien Broner headliner days likely over after Garcia pounding Mikey Garcia piled up the punches in another powerful performance, and his career is clearly climbing. Adrien Broner remains stalled. Garcia beat Broner by unanimous decision on Saturday night at...
Broner still owes Vegas waitress $200K from sex tape lawsuit Yo, Adrien — pay up! Brash boxer Adrien Broner hasn't paid a penny of the $206,858 he owes a Las Vegas waitress who successfully sued him for broadcasting their sex...
Adrien Broner embraces underdog role in bout vs. Garcia Adrien Broner is out to prove he's nobody's stepping stone. Broner faces Mikey Garcia on Saturday night at Barclays Center in the main event of a Premier Boxing Champions card...
Boxing champ arrested in car riddled with bullet holes Troubled boxer Adrien Broner has been arrested amid claims he was found in a bullet-ridden car following a gun attack. The former world champion was taken into custody after officers...
Troubled boxer 'chokes' waitress: 'B---h, I'll knock you out' It doesn't sound like Adrien Broner's troubles are behind him. Less than a week after posting social-media messages that suggested he was live-tweeting his suicide, the four-time boxing champion was...
Floyd Mayweather can't be the best caretaker for suicidal boxer Floyd Mayweather certainly can afford to look after troubled boxer Adrien Broner. Can Broner, in fragile mental health after Wednesday's suicide scare, afford to have the Mayweather — a convicted domestic...
Boxer Adrien Broner threatens suicide in cryptic Instagram countdown Four-time boxing champ Adrien Broner threatened to kill himself on Wednesday in a series of cryptic social media posts that included a shot of a pistol and a message saying,...
Six-time Pro Bowler Chad Johnson, who enjoys documenting his journeys going to the homes of random fans to play FIFA, was at Applebee's on Friday night, and one thing really amazed him: the tablets at the table that you use to pay your bill.
Johnson was especially amazed by the “Select your Tip” option that lets customers leave as big of a tip as they want. The former NFL receiver said he'd stop raising the amount when his finger cramped and wound up leaving a 342 percent tip of $207.50.
Have y'all seen this gadget at Apple Bees, i got carried away but it's a cool contraption 🤷🏿‍♂️ pic.twitter.com/eU6GtZu9sP — Chad Johnson (@ochocinco) February 3, 2018
In the background, you can hear a woman (probably the waitress) happily saying, “Are you serious right now?! Are you sure??”
The next day, he went back to beating fans in FIFA.
Cambridge Analytica, the U.K. company accused of harvesting Facebook Inc. user profiles in its work for Donald Trump's presidential campaign, denied claims it engaged in improper tactics to sway elections that included the Brexit referendum.
The allegations against the company are “entirely unfounded and extremely unfair,” said Alexander Nix, chief executive officer of the data-analysis firm.
“We see this as a coordinated attack by the media that's been going on for very many months in order to damage the company that had some involvement with the election of Donald Trump,” Nix said in an interview with the BBC that was posted on the network's Twitter feed.
Cambridge, originally funded by former Renaissance Technologies co-CEO and early Trump backer Robert Mercer, uses data to reach voters with hyper-targeted messaging, including on Facebook and other online services. Cambridge was hired to help with voter outreach by the Trump campaign, whose former campaign manager, Steve Bannon, had been on its board.
In a months-long sting operation, U.K. broadcaster Channel 4 News filmed Cambridge Analytica executives talking about how the firm could use prostitutes and former spies to ensnare politicians and influence elections. In one video, Nix said the company could “send some girls around to the candidate's house.”
Nix told the BBC that Channel 4 is “going to sincerely embarrass us by presenting a mischaracterization of the facts.”
Cambridge hasn't done any work with Russian companies, Nix said. The firm did have a couple of meetings with Lukoil PJSC, the Russian oil giant, in Turkey, but the conversations “led nowhere and no work was done,” he said.
Amazon Prime subscribers who pay by the month will soon have to hand over a couple extra bucks each month.
The retailer announced on Friday that Amazon Prime monthly subscription fees would increase nearly 20 percent, going from $10.99 to $12.99 per month.
Monthly student memberships will also increase from $5.49 to $6.49 per month, Amazon said.
The changes will go into effect for renewals after February 18, according to a note from the company.
The monthly subscription plan has been a convenient way for Amazon to onboard new members who are looking for free two-day shipping but don't want to commit to a yearly fee. Prime members have access to other special perks, including Amazon's Prime video and music streaming libraries, as well as discounts on other services.
Amazon boxes are stacked for delivery in New York. Mike Segar / Reuters file
Related: Why Amazon's HQ2 guessing game is PR genius
Prime members who opted to commit to the $99 annual fee will not see a change in their pricing structure. The $49 rate for annual student members will also remain the same.
The new price for monthly subscribers works out to $156 annually.
Amazon does not disclose how many Prime members it has, including the breakdown of how many pay by the month or by the year. However, a report from Consumer Intelligence Research Partners estimated there are 90 million Amazon Prime subscribers in the United States.
By comparison, Netflix has 52.77 million subscribers in the United States.
Chime is the latest enterprise app from Amazon, which is competing with Microsoft and Google across higher levels of the cloud stack
Amazon today announced Chime, a unified communications as a service (UCaaS) offering hosted in Amazon Web Service's cloud.
Amazon is entering a crowded market of UC solutions, some of which are already cloud-based and others that run on customer premises. Nevertheless, analysts who track Amazon say the company has an opportunity here.
Chime uses a mobile or desktop application that is available across iOS, Android and Windows environments. It uses noise-cancelling wideband audio, which Amazon says allows it to deliver high quality audio and video experiences. When a meeting starts, Chime calls all the participants, who can join by clicking a button; there is no PIN required. Chime shows a visual roster of all attendees, which Amazon says eliminates the “who just joined” questions that can occur on conference calls. Any user has the ability to mute a noisy participant. Advanced editions of Chime allow IT to centrally manage users and settings, including integrating it with existing corporate directories.
Chime's pay-as-you-go licensing model is based on how much it is used in an organization. Many other UCaaS offerings require licensing contracts and seats. A Basic edition of Chime is free and allows users to attend meetings and make video and voice calls. A Plus edition is $2.50 per user per month and adds some user management features, such as linking Chime to an Active Directory and retaining up to 1GB of message history per user. A Pro Plan allows screen sharing for up to 100 users and includes unlimited Voice over IP (VoIP) for $15 per user per month. There is also a rate per minute for conference call dial ins, which in the U.S. is $0.003 or $0.012 for toll-free.
Anyone can download and use Chime, but Amazon partners Level 3 and Vonage will offer supported versions of it when it is generally released in the second quarter. In a press release announcing Chime, Amazon cited the retailer Brooks Brothers which deployed the offering in a pilot before its release. Internal adoption reached 90% of the company's corporate staff without any formal rollout or training, IT director Phillip Miller said.
+MORE AT NETWORK WORLD: Hot products at RSA 2017 | University attacked by its own vending machines, smart light bulbs & 5,000 IoT devices +
The UC market is fragmented into two major buckets: on-premises platforms, which have been the traditional deployment method and remain the most common. Cisco Unified Communications Manager (Unified CM), Avaya Aura platform and the Mitel MiCollab are some of the big vendors.
In recent years with the advent of cloud computing, the UCaaS market has evolved. Vendors like Cisco with WebEx, GoTo Meeting, Intercall and PGI offer cloud and application-based platforms in which organizations don't have to install hardware and software packages to run UC systems.
“It's a market that's continually in transition,” says Bern Elliot, distinguished analyst at Gartner who tracks the UC industry. Gartner estimates the cloud-based UC market was $12 billion in 2016, growing at 15% to $22 billion in 2020.
But Elliot says Amazon's entrance into the UCaaS market should also be viewed in a larger context. In the broader cloud market, two of Amazon's biggest competitors are Microsoft and Google, both of whom have strong offerings across not only infrastructure as a service, but enterprise applications as well. Microsoft has Office 365 and Google has its G Suite of work apps. In the UC space, Microsoft has Skype for Business and Google has Hangouts. Amazon before Chime did not have a competing UC offering.
Chime is the latest in a series of enterprise applications offerings rolled out by Amazon in recent years. Amazon WorkDocs is a file storing and sharing service (competitive with Microsoft OneDrive and Google Drive). WorkSpaces is a virtual desktop offering, and WorkMail is an email and calendaring application.
“Amazon is slowly amassing a digital workplace portfolio,” Elliot says, adding that Amazon's enterprise application offerings aren't nearly as well known or established as Microsoft or Google's, yet.
“If you take the long view, which Amazon certainly does, they want to position themselves as a broader enterprise partner and be able to talk to customers not only about their infrastructure, but applications too,” Elliot explains. “Microsoft and Google can have those conversations, and Amazon would like to be able to too.”
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Sinkhole now fenced off, and Checkers is closed temporarily as officials discuss filling the hole and fixing the problem.
AMMAN - Warplanes have hit a convoy of civilians fleeing along a major Syrian highway, rescuers and a witness said on Saturday.
It took place in an area where Syrian and Iranian-backed troops were pushing, with air cover, towards a rebel-held town in northwestern Idlib province, they said.
Syrian soldiers and Iranian-backed militiamen were now around twelve kilometers from Saraqeb, advancing towards the Damascus-Aleppo highway under cover of heavy Russian air strikes, two opposition sources said.
Rescuers said at least seven civilians were pulled out of the wreckage of cars after the air strikes on Friday.
"We believe two Russian planes struck the convoy of civilians on the highway and left at least seven killed and twelve injured, mostly elderly and children," said Ammar al Adnan, a civil defense worker from Saraqeb.
Activists' videos on social media showed rescuers extinguishing fires on the route, used by thousands of villagers fleeing areas south of Aleppo now overrun by the Syrian army and its allies.
Reuters could not verify the authenticity of the footage.
Russia's defense ministry regularly says it is attacking hardline Islamist militants. It denies opposition and witness accounts that its planes target civilians, marketplaces, medical centers and residential areas away from frontlines.
Syrian media made no mention of the strikes.
Share on facebook Share on Twitter
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) – It's almost the scariest time of the year.
Yes, Halloween is almost here and the Children's Museum of Indianapolis' 54th annual haunted house is set to open for the season.
“Wicked Woods” opens Saturday, Oct. 7 and will remain open through Oct. 31.
Tickets to the trail filled with fright are $8 for all ages.
For more information on “Wicked Woods” or to purchase tickets and if you have what it takes to travel the “Wicked Woods”, click here.
Members of the small but growing shoal of mermaids and mermen in Brazil are getting a little worried and irate.
Until now, they've been able to slip happily into their brightly colored tails and glide away through the water without much attention from the outside world, beyond the odd chuckle or ripple of applause.
Now "mermaiding" — or "sereismo" as it's known in Brazil — is growing more popular, thanks partly to a smash-hit TV soap opera and the theme song that accompanied it.
The spread of the hobby is attracting warnings from safety agencies who believe that swimming around dressed as a glamorous sea creature from ancient mythology can involve the real and present danger of drowning.
These alarm bells have upset one person, in particular. Mirella Ferraz, 34, says she is Brazil's first professional mermaid, and a pioneer of the pastime in her country. For her, mermaiding was a "childhood dream" and a "passion" that she conceived at a time when nobody wore a tail.
Ferraz accuses a recently launched campaign that highlights the risks of "mermaiding" of spreading falsehoods and of "demonizing" the mermaid's skin. "They also say that with the tail, you can't float. It's a lie. It is buoyant," she says.
The dispute's attracting considerable interest in Brazil. The widely respected daily newspaper Folha de São Paulo this week illustrated the story with a front-page photograph of a long-haired, bearded man, sitting by a pool in a big golden mermaid tail, looking vaguely disgruntled.
He is not, in fact, a mermaid but the male variant: Triton, the half-human, half-fish son of the ancient sea god Poseidon, a notoriously bad-tempered Greek deity.
For years, tiny numbers of people have been mermaiding around the world. Interest in Brazil swelled recently, thanks to a telenovela, A Força de Querer that was broadcast nationwide last year and topped the ratings. (The show has been broadcast in English as Edge of Desire.)
The soap's theme song "Sereia" ("Mermaid") is by Roberto Carlos, a gravel-voiced 76-year-old Brazilian superstar known by his multitude of fans as "The King."
The video of Carlos' song features one of the telenovela's actresses, Ísis Valverde, swimming joyously around the ocean depths in a giant orange mermaid tail, with her locks flowing, amid shoals of tropical fish and shafts of sunlight. It's attracted more than 7 million views on YouTube.
Valverde was trained by Ferraz, the professional mermaid. Ferraz believes, thanks in part to the telenovela, more than 1,000 Brazilians are mermaiding these days.
She bases this estimate on the rising sale of tails. Statistics do not reflect the number of Brazilians who might be keen to do a little mermaiding but are deterred by the price. A decent mermaid tail can cost upwards of $1,200.
The safety campaign that's angered Ferraz was launched by Inmetro, a Brazilian government institute that monitors products for quality and safety. It issued an alert, saying research into mermaid skins found them very appealing to children, but with a "grave risk" of drowning. It points out that mermaid tails confine your legs, which makes it difficult to stand up in a pool — something Ferraz also disputes.
Inmetro's concerns are shared by others, including Dr. Renata Waksman, of the Brazilian Pediatrics Society. She says she has seen videos of girls trying to stand in mermaid tails in a swimming pool, and slipping. "Then they get frightened," she says. "That's where the danger lies, especially if there isn't an adult nearby who is really attentively monitoring what this child is doing."
Authorities in Australia have also warned of the risks of swimming with mermaid tails.
"You need to know what you are doing," says Thaís Picchi, a "mermaiding" instructor in Brazil's capital Brasilia. "Never swim with a mermaid tail alone. And you need to know how to swim."
You have to be extra careful in the sea, says Picchi: "We cannot mermaid with waves. It's not safe."
Picchi adds: "There are a lot of safety issues to be aware of. On the other hand, we don't know of any situation where someone drowned because of a mermaid tail. So why are people talking so much about it?"
There are other questions. Why not just stay on land, and save your mermaid costume for this month's carnival? Why go mermaiding at all? What's the appeal?
Picchi cites an "ancestral appeal" of mermaids, and also the Disney movie The Little Mermaid: "Everyone watched The Little Mermaid when we were kids."
She adds: "A lot of people love mermaiding because it is a fantasy, like a child's dream. They feel different. There are powerful things about mermaids. They are free, autonomous, and they take care of the ocean."
Let's hope they can also take care of themselves.
Not to take anything away from New York's Finest and the rest of the law-enforcement community, but the city just dodged what could easily have become a terrorism nightmare.
That dozens of people weren't killed or injured by a would-be suicide bomber's homemade explosive is only due to the fact that it was a crude, low-tech pipe bomb.
But it's yet another reminder that New York remains the No. 1 target of jihadists, organized ones as well as lone wolves like 27-year-old Akayed Ullah.
And, moreover, that New York — especially its transit system — remains vulnerable to such attacks, for all the caution and vigilance of police and civilians.
The Bangladeshi native, reportedly inspired by ISIS, exploded his “suicide vest” in the crowded tunnel beneath the Port Authority Bus Terminal during Monday morning's rush hour.
Ullah himself was seriously wounded, and three others sustained non-life-threatening injuries. His reported motive: avenging violence against Muslims across the world.
This follows October's truck attack near Ground Zero that claimed eight innocent lives. That one also could've been worse: A police officer interrupted it by shooting the perp.
But the cold reality remains that the NYPD faces a brutal challenge in aiming to prevent all terrorist attacks.
Which is why it's so mystifying that the City Council is moving ahead to pass the Right to Know Act, which would dangerously discourage cops' ability to perform proactive policing.
A vote is set for next week on this legislation, which is designed to get cops to ignore potential crimes and suspicious behavior for fear of civilian complaints.
But New Yorkers don't want a police department that merely arrives at the scene of a tragedy to pick up the pieces. They want attacks like Monday's prevented.
That means not handcuffing the NYPD's ability to remain constantly vigilant.
1:17 Miami Heat's Dragic says his back feels a lot better Pause
0:56 Baby needs a new home
0:31 Postpartum depression: You are not alone
2:26 How do you prevent suicide? Photos urge support for those who struggle
5:48 Dave Barry's 2016 Holiday Gift Guide
1:20 The United States of Powerball
1:28 The day Cassius Clay and The Beatles shared the ring
57:11 Dave Barry and Carl Hiaasen talk politics, Florida and a presidential bid at the Miracle Theatre
2:27 Dave Barry discovers something other than fish in the ocean off Rio
ANDERSON — Begin the next step of your job search with a free 7 Smart Strategies for 50+ Jobseekers workshop April 27 at the Tri-County Technical College Anderson QuickJobs Center.
The seminar will be held from 10 a.m. to noon at 512 Michelin Blvd. across the street from the Tri-County Technical College Anderson Campus.
Tri-County's BACK TO WORK 50+ team can help individuals update job search strategies, practice for interviewing and networking and assist with enrollment in training programs that employers value.
Participants will learn about the 7 Smart Strategies needed to get back into the workforce, will have the opportunity to apply for the BACK TO WORK 50+ Coaching and Training Program and will receive a free job search guide.
To register or to learn more, call toll-free 1- (855) 850–2525.
The first was an incident that happened Friday afternoon in Jonesborough.
Just before 1 p.m., Jonesborough police received a complaint concerning possible drug activity at a hotel. When they arrived, officers encountered Mark Clinton Harrell Jr., 26, of Church Hill, in the parking lot, who pulled out a knife and threatened to cut himself before he ran away.
The officers chased him and ordered him to drop the knife, but he wouldn't. At some point during the second confrontation, Harrell reportedly moved toward one of the officers with the knife. The officer shot Harrell, who was then taken to a local hospital and pronounced dead. No officers were injured during the incident.
Also on Friday, James Vaughn, 49, of Clarksville, barricaded himself in an apartment of a family acquaintance in Clarksville. Vaughn was the ex-boyfriend of a woman who went missing recently in Middle Tennessee.
Authorities went to the apartment where Vaughn had barricaded himself and attempted to discuss the matter with him. However, during an initial period of several hours, he showed no willingness to cooperate with officers and refused to communicate with them.
The situation escalated further, and Clarksville SWAT officers broke in through the door at about 1 p.m. Vaughn shot several times in the direction of the officers.
Subsequent efforts to diffuse the situation, including tear gas and negotiation efforts, were unsuccessful and, at about 3:30 p.m., SWAT officers again broke in and were met by Vaughn holding two guns. He reportedly pointed the guns at the officers, who shot him several times, killing him. No law enforcement officers were injured in the incident.
The third incident happened when Tullahoma police officers tried to interview James Bradford Shelton, 47, in connection to an assault investigation where he was the alleged perpetrator, at his home.
During the confrontation, Shelton reportedly would not cooperate or comply with officers. An officer reportedly used a stun gun unsuccessfully in an attempt to subdue him. The situation further escalated and resulted in at least one officer shooting Shelton in the arm. He was then taken to the hospital. No law enforcement officers were injured in the incident.
Here are the top 10 tips/tricks/cheats you need to know for DomiNations (Cold War Update).
1. Advance Your Units Through the Ages
• Spearmen and Slingers are okay, but wouldn't you rather play with the Assault Vehicle and the Mobile Rocket Launcher (MRL)? Upgrade your armory and bring the most advanced units to war. You'll thank us later…
2. Use the Rally Tactic!
• Sure, you can have all of your units bear down on a single target, but consider the versatility of this tool. Rally your troops to a central location before applying the Protect tactic, or use it to pull your troops out of heavy fire. Alternatively, pair it with a few of your lead troops to take out critical targets, then let the rest of your army go to work.
3. Protect Your Resources in Walled-Off Areas
• Having a single Wall running all around your base means you're vulnerable if someone breaks through that single line of defense. Separate, smaller walled-off sections can slow down your opponent, and gives a chance for your defensive buildings to blast away at your enemy.
4. Build up Your Defenses
• Traps, towers, garrisons – there are so many options to defend your base. Upgrading defense buildings also helps to increase your player level so you can move to the next age. As a nice bonus, if you are able to destroy troops that attack your base, you can earn Crowns.
5. Move up the Leagues to get Better Daily Rewards
• As long as you've made a single offensive attack during the current season, you will be placed in a league. When you're in a league, a boat will appear at your dock every day, bearing a range of gifts. The more League Medals you have, the better rewards you can get.
6. Join an Active Alliance
• Alliances let you participate in World Wars, test your base layout without losing troops, and request additional units to take into battle. We could do a whole top 10 list on why you should repair your Alliance Gate and join an Alliance.
7. Participate in Events to Earn Troops and Resources
• An icon will appear on your base for special, limited-time challenges. These events are based on actual world history – such as the black plague, the oil boom, and the Berlin airlift. If you can complete the event on time, then you can earn specialty Troop Tactics, Buildings, or piles of resources.
8. Activate Blessings for a Leg up
• Feel that your troops need a little more health on the battlefield? Pick up a Armor Blessing from the Temple. Need to eek out a little more treasure for that next upgrade? The Loot Blessing has you covered. The Defender, Trap, and Storage Blessings have your back when you're away from DomiNations. Don't forget that blessings only work during PvP battles.
9. Upgrade Your Research to Further Develop Your Units
• The Library, the University, and the Blacksmith all have places to research advancements for your troops as well as improve your defenses and resource generation. Build strength for your nation with a focus on economy, defense or army upgrades through the choices you make.
10. It's Not All About Winning – Until it is!
• When raiding other villages, be sure to wipe out all of their defensive buildings. This enables your surviving troops to head into battle with you again next time without waiting to be retrained.
Check out more gaming coverage from Heavy.
Fireworks, music and the pursuit of hot dogs will mark the 242nd year of independence for the United States on what is expected to be a steamy Wednesday in much of the country.
The Independence Day holiday, which brings out crowds from small towns to big cities, is also a time when law enforcement agencies are on the alert for suspicious activity.
Officials said they are taking precautions, but have not detected any credible security threats following the arrest on Sunday of an American-born Ohio man on suspicion of planning to detonate a bomb at Cleveland's Fourth of July celebrations.
“As always, the Department of Homeland Security encourages vigilance by the public to report any suspicious activity to law enforcement,” said Lesley Fulop, a spokeswoman for the agency.
The holiday marks the adoption of the Declaration of Independence by congressional delegates in Philadelphia on July 4, 1776. The actual signing of the document, however, did not occur until Aug. 2, according to the U.S. National Archives.
While the document declared the young nation's independence from Great Britain, it also advanced the cutting-edge notion that “all men are created equal” and that they have rights to “life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness.”
More than two centuries later, however, it is the pursuit of hot dogs that will mark the holiday at New York City's Coney Island, where contestants will consume as many wieners as possible in what has become a televised event now in its 46th year.
Ten-time winner Joey Chestnut will defend his title in the Nathan's Famous hot dog-eating contest after downing a record 72 last year.
It will be hotter than normal in much of the country. The National Weather Service issued heat advisories for the central plain states eastward to the Mid-Altantic region, with temperatures expected in the 90s and the humidity making it feel like 105 to 110 degrees Fahrenheit (40 to 43 degrees Celsius).
New York will put on what is billed as the country's biggest fireworks display by its sponsor, retailer Macy's. More than 3 million spectators and 12 million television viewers are expected to watch the display over the East River as 75,000 shells illuminate the night sky to the music of singer Kelly Clarkson.
In Washington, singer Jimmy Buffett is set to join the National Symphony Orchestra, along with the Temptations, the Beach Boys and Luke Combs, before fireworks light up the National Mall. Bostonians will celebrate with the Boston Pops along the Charles River, joined by singer Rachel Platten.
In Los Angeles, fireworks will highlight Fourth of July celebrations at the Hollywood Bowl, accompanied by an orchestra. In San Francisco, residents can watch fireworks on the bay near the Golden Gate Bridge, if fog does not obscure the show.
The Fourth of July also marks the approximate halfway point in the Major League Baseball season, with a not-so-reliable popular tradition holding that the teams in first place will finish that way.
With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy, it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry. But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone, consumers deci...
Cyborgs at Work: Employees Getting Implanted with Microchips
The syringe slides in between the thumb and index finger. Then, with a click, a microchip is injected in the employee's hand. Another "cyborg" is created.
What could pass for a dystopian vision of the workplace is almost routine at the Swedish startup hub Epicenter. The company offers to implant its workers and startup members with microchips the size of grains of rice that function as swipe cards: to open doors, operate printers, or buy smoothies with a wave of the hand.
The injections have become so popular that workers at Epicenter hold parties for those willing to get implanted.
"The biggest benefit I think is convenience," said Patrick Mesterton, co-founder and CEO of Epicenter. As a demonstration, he unlocks a door by merely waving near it. "It basically replaces a lot of things you have, other communication devices, whether it be credit cards or keys."
The technology in itself is not new. Such chips are used as virtual collar plates for pets. Companies use them to track deliveries. It's just never been used to tag employees on a broad scale before. Epicenter and a handful of other companies are the first to make chip implants broadly available.
And as with most new technologies, it raises security and privacy issues. While biologically safe, the data generated by the chips can show how often an employee comes to work or what they buy. Unlike company swipe cards or smartphones, which can generate the same data, a person cannot easily separate themselves from the chip.
"Of course, putting things into your body is quite a big step to do and it was even for me at first," said Mesterton, remembering how he initially had had doubts.
"But then on the other hand, I mean, people have been implanting things into their body, like pacemakers and stuff to control your heart," he said. "That's a way, way more serious thing than having a small chip that can actually communicate with devices."
Epicenter, which is home to more than 100 companies and some 2,000 workers, began implanting workers in January 2015. Now, about 150 workers have them. A company based in Belgium also offers its employees such implants, and there are isolated cases around the world where tech enthusiasts have tried this out in recent years.
The small implants use Near Field Communication (NFC) technology, the same as in contactless credit cards or mobile payments. When activated by a reader a few centimeters (inches) away, a small amount of data flows between the two devices via electromagnetic waves. The implants are "passive," meaning they contain information that other devices can read, but cannot read information themselves.
Ben Libberton, a microbiologist at Stockholm's Karolinska Institute, says hackers could conceivably gain huge swathes of information from embedded microchips. The ethical dilemmas will become bigger the more sophisticated the microchips become.
"The data that you could possibly get from a chip that is embedded in your body is a lot different from the data that you can get from a smartphone," he says. "Conceptually you could get data about your health, you could get data about your whereabouts, how often you're working, how long you're working, if you're taking toilet breaks and things like that."
Libberton said that if such data is collected, the big question remains of what happens to it, who uses it, and for what purpose.
So far, Epicenter's group of cyborgs doesn't seem too concerned.
"People ask me; 'Are you chipped?' and I say; 'Yes, why not,'" said Fredric Kaijser, the 47-year-old chief experience officer at Epicenter. "And they all get excited about privacy issues and what that means and so forth. And for me it's just a matter of I like to try new things and just see it as more of an enabler and what that would bring into the future."
The implants have become so popular that Epicenter workers stage monthly events where attendees have the option of being "chipped" for free.
That means visits from self-described "body hacker" Jowan Osterlund from Biohax Sweden who performs the "operation."
He injects the implants -- using pre-loaded syringes -- into the fleshy area of the hand, just next to the thumb. The process lasts a few seconds, and more often than not there are no screams and barely a drop of blood. "The next step for electronics is to move into the body," he says.
Sandra Haglof, 25, who works for Eventomatic, an events company that works with Epicenter, has had three piercings before, and her left hand barely shakes as Osterlund injects the small chip.
"I want to be part of the future," she laughs.
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
A woman suspected of killing three Las Vegas teens in a fiery DUI crash in California was arrested Sunday after police discovered she may have been trying to leave the country.
According to the Huntington Beach Police Department, Bani Duarte, 27, was arrested Sunday at 1 p.m. in the city of Downey. She was arrested on a $5 million warrant without incident.
"They let her out of jail it's infuriating," Rhonda Hawley said. Hawley's daughter Brooke died in the crash. "They did the right thing and got her back in jail. It's a long process."
On March 29 at 1:08 a.m., police responded to the deadly collision in Huntington Beach. Arriving officers found a vehicle on fire at the intersection and firefighters extinguishing it. Three Las Vegas teens, identified as Brooke Hawley, Dylan Mack, and AJ Rossi, were found dead at the scene. A fourth teen, identified as Alexis Vargas, was able to get out of the vehicle after the crash. Vargas was hospitalized with severe injuries.
The initial investigation revealed, Duarte was the driver who caused the collision. She was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence. She posted bond and was ultimately released.
Police said as the investigation continued, investigators received information that she was possibly intending to flee the country to avoid prosecution.
"A lot of people don't want to pay for what they do wrong. We want her to go to prison," Brooke's dad Aaron Hawley said.
The Orange County United States Marshals Fugitive Task Force and the Orange County District Attorney's Office assisted Huntington Beach police with monitoring the situation, the department said.
She was booked into the Huntington Beach City Jail on murder and felony DUI charges, police said. On Monday, Duarte pleaded not guilty Monday to three counts of murder as well as driving under the influence, City News Service reported. Her bail was set at $4 million.
While the Hawleys wait for justice, they created a scholarship to preserve Brooke's memory.
"She was going to get use of someone's scholarship so we'll do that for other people."
As of Monday, the Go Fund Me campaign set up by the Hawleys has raised more than $28,000.
A suspected DUI driver was rearrested this weekend after police say she tried to leave the country to avoid prosecution. Tonight we heard from the Hawleys—one of the families affected by that deadly crash. pic.twitter.com/bq14H53mbo — Abby (@abbytheodros) May 1, 2018
Stay with FOX5 and FOX5Vegas.com for developments.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
After yet another upset, the last team to enter the NCAA hoops tourney is now in the Sweet Sixteen. How far can the Syracuse University Orange go?
This tough, gritty band of underdogs has already won three games in five days : the First Four play-in game, followed by triumphs over sixth-seeded Texas Christian and third-seeded Michigan State.
Legendary coach Jim Boeheim has done a masterful job in guiding a team that many experts said shouldn't have made it into the 68-team tournament.
But Boeheim's army marches on, even as four other Empire State teams (Buffalo, Iona, LIU-Brooklyn and St. Bonaventure) have fallen by the wayside. New York's hopes now rest entirely on Syracuse.
The Orange's only March Madness championship came in 2003, though they've made the tournament dozens of times. In 2016, they made it to the Final Four before losing to North Carolina.
Now the 2018 squad must get past ACC powerhouse Duke on Friday in Omaha, Neb.
Go, Orange!
It looked like White Sox's Yolmer Sanchez was going to have a two-run homer against the Cincinnati Reds in the top of the 12th inning Tuesday night, only adding to the damage Chicago did against the home team in the extra inning.
Enter Reds' outfielder Brandon Dixon, who technically did rob Sanchez of a home run deep into right field, but he did it in the most bizarre way possible. Dixon chased the hit back to the wall and went up for the ball, but not only did he not catch it, but he lost his glove and still managed to keep it in play.
It was weird.
There are home run robberies and then there's this… pic.twitter.com/xQRiYFSe2J — Cut4 (@Cut4) July 4, 2018
Even the broadcasters were fooled by this odd sequence of events. As you can see, Dixon slammed into the wall before picking the ball up as Sanchez settled for an RBI triple.
The White Sox still won, 12-8, in 12 innings and will play the last of their three-game series vs. the Reds on Wednesday at 7 p.m. ET.
WATCH: Brie and Tracy Jacobson were at the Route 91 Harvest Musical Festival where 58 people were killed. Ceilidh Millar reports.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Brie Jacobson and her mother, Tracy, have been travelling to Las Vegas for the past three years to attend the Route 91 Harvest Music Festival.
"Jason Aldean was fantastic," explained Brie. "I had been waiting years to finally watch him live."
Brie says she and her friend were near the front of the crowd when the country star took the stage for the final set of the night.
Suddenly, the sound of music was drowned out by loud bangs.
At first they thought it was firecrackers, until a man standing near them was shot.
"I'll never forget it," said Brie. "He fell like a tree, like if you cut down a tree in a forest and it just falls."
Tracy was watching the show from a set of bleachers with her sister.
She describes looking down into the crowd as the gunfire erupted.
"All we could think of was 'oh my god, Brie and Jess are there,'" explained Tracy. "Please let them be safe."
Brie was desperately searching for an escape when she dropped her sunglasses, a single decision which she believes saved her life.
"I picked them up and then the girl in front of me got shot," said Brie. "I think if I hadn't bent over for those sunglasses that would have been me."
Brie managed to make it to a nearby coffee shop while Tracy fled to a hotel.
It would be a few hours before they managed to contact eachother.
"We're so grateful" explained Tracy. "We're lucky to be alive."
The pair is back home in Saanich preparing for the holiday weekend.
"I bought the biggest Turkey I could find" said Tracy with a laugh.
They admit they both have a lot to be thankful for this Thanksgiving.
The incident has also made Brie contemplate a new career path.
"I think politics is where I need to go" she said.
The University of California graduate has posted an open letter on Facebook about her view of U.S. gun control.
"There are good people and there are bad people," she writes. "No one, good or bad, should have the capability to murder another person, let alone reign fire upon thousands."
The 24-year-old said she isn't letting fear stop her from taking action.
"I think it's our responsibility to make sure nobody has the power to do that again."
Getty
No. 21 Kentucky and unranked Missouri meet Saturday afternoon at Mizzou Arena in an important SEC matchup. While the Wildcats are chasing Auburn at the top of the SEC, Missouri–a fringe NCAA tournament team at the moment–has a fantastic opportunity to bolster its resume.
The game is scheduled to start at 2 p.m. ET and will be broadcast nationally on CBS. If you don't have cable or can't get to a TV, you can watch CBS online, on your phone or on another streaming device by signing up for one of the following cable-free, live-TV streaming services. They cost a monthly fee but all come with a free trial, allowing you to watch today's game at no cost:
Amazon Prime: If you have Amazon Prime or want to start a free 30-day trial of Amazon Prime, you can watch a live stream of your local CBS channel via the CBS All-Access Amazon Channel, which comes with a 3-day free trial. Once you're signed up for both Amazon Prime and the CBS channel, you can watch on your computer via the Amazon website, or on your phone, tablet or other streaming device via the the Amazon Video app
CBS All Access: This service lets you watch a live stream of your local CBS channel (most markets included), as well as all of CBS' on-demand library. It's ultimately the same as the above option, only you're watching through CBS' digital platform rather than Amazon's. You can sign up for a free 7-day trial, and then you can watch on your computer via the CBS website, or on your phone, tablet or streaming device via the CBS app
FuboTV: CBS (live in select markets) is included in the “Fubo Premier” channel package. You can sign up for a free 7-day trial, and then you can watch on your computer via the FuboTV website, or on your phone, tablet or streaming device via the FuboTV app
Preview
After a stretch that saw them lose three times in five games to drop out of the Top 25, John Calipari's squad has responded with three wins a row. But even during that three-game winning streak, they've hardly been a model of consistency, as they went into Morgantown and beat then No. 7 West Virginia in what was one of the better wins of the college basketball season, but then they returned home and needed overtime to put away an eight-win Vanderbilt team.
Still, there have been plenty of positives during that stretch from a personnel perspective. In those three win, Kevin Knox is averaging 23.7 points per game and shooting a blistering 11-of-18 from three, while Shai Gilgeous-Alexander dropped 30 and put the team on his back down the stretch against Vanderbilt.
Shai Alexander either scored or Assisted on 28 of Kentucky's last 40 points — Matt Jones (@KySportsRadio) January 31, 2018
Missouri, meanwhile, is moving in the opposite direction. BracketMatrix.com still has the Tigers as a No. 11 seed come March, but with three losses in their last four, and five in their last eight, they're anything but safe when it comes to the Field of 68. A win on Saturday would be massive for the reeling team.
The Tigers' biggest problem has been holding onto the ball. In conference play, they're turning the ball over on a whopping 21.2 percent of their possessions, which is worst in the SEC. Losing potential Top-5 pick Michael Porter at the start of the season was obviously a massive loss, while the departure of point guard Blake Harris at the start of conference play only further hurt their offense.
If they can protect the ball, though, Missouri ranks 33rd in the country and fifth in the SEC in effective field-goal percentage. As such, avoiding turnovers will be key in pulling the upset on Saturday.
By Kelly Terez
Scott Olson/Getty Images(BEDMINSTER, N.J.) — President Donald Trump may soon issue a pardon for former Sheriff Joe Arpaio.
“I am seriously considering a pardon for Sheriff Arpaio,” Trump said Sunday in an interview with Fox News from his Trump National Golf Club in Bedminster, New Jersey, where he is on a working vacation.
Trump told Fox News he could issue the pardon – his first as president – in the next few days, if he decides to do so.
Arpaio, the former sheriff of Arizona's Maricopa County and a vocal Trump supporter during the 2016 presidential campaign, spoke at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland last summer on Trump's behalf.
Earlier this month he was found guilty of criminal contempt for ignoring a court order to stop detaining suspected illegal immigrants. He faces up to six months in prison.
Arpaio has been a lightning rod in the national immigration debate for decades and has been praised by immigration hawks for his crackdown on illegal immigration. Activists, however, have criticized Arpaio for conditions in the open-air jail he managed outside of Phoenix known as Tent City.
Should Trump decide to pardon Arpaio in the near future, he'd be exercising his presidential power earlier than his two most recent predecessors. President George W. Bush didn't issue a pardon until December 2002, and President Barack Obama granted his first pardons in December 2010.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
Source:: Politics
Saskatchewan's 15th premier, Scott Moe, was sworn in at Government House Feb. 2 along with a cabinet of 16 others.
The lone newcomer is Warren Kaeding, a former seed grower and national Outstanding Young Farmer winner, who was elected in 2016 in the Melville-Saltcoats constituency.
Kaeding takes on government relations, as well as First Nations, Metis and Northern Affairs.
Returning to cabinet are the three leadership candidates who lost to Moe on Jan. 27. Gordon Wyant becomes deputy premier and education minister, Tina Beaudry-Mellor is advanced education minister and Ken Cheveldayoff is minister of central services and responsible for the Public Service Commission.
ADVERTISEMENT
Agriculture Minister Lyle Stewart remains in his portfolio, as did nine others: Jim Reiter in health; Donna Harpauer, finance; Don Morgan, justice and labour; Dustin Duncan, environment; Greg Ottenbreit, rural and remote health; David Marit, highways; Joe Hargrave, Crown Investments Corp; Paul Merriman, social services; Gene Makowsky, parks, culture and sport; and Jeremy Harrison, export and trade development.
Two ministers remained in cabinet but changed portfolios. Bronwyn Eyre moved from education to energy and resources and Christine Tell is minister of corrections and policing.
Gone from the cabinet are Larry Doke, Steven Bonk, Herb Cox and Nancy Heppner.
Moe told the new cabinet, friends and family assembled for the ceremony that he would fulfill his new responsibility with purpose and integrity.
He paid tribute to former Premier Brad Wall's legacy and said he and the cabinet would build upon the prosperity and achievement while meeting the challenges the province faces.
“We will continue to ensure the province's financial foundation remains strong,” he said.
“We will continue to invest to ensure Saskatchewan has the quality of life that our citizens expect.”
ADVERTISEMENT
Meanwhile, three byelections in Swift Current, Kindersley and Melfort, all previously held by the Saskatchewan Party, will be held March 1.
Contact karen.briere@producer.com
Congrats are in order for songstress LeToya Luckett!
The ‘Destiny's Child' alum wed beau Tommicus Walker over the weekend. The couple exchanged vows Sunday evening in a luxurious ceremony in Austin, Texas.
The bride wore a custom Vera Wang gown down the aisle, as singer Tank serenaded the audience with his rendition of ‘At Last.'
Congratulations to LeToya Luckett & Her Husband They Got Married Yesterday #LetoyaLuckett A post shared by ♡ Ebony Hill ♡ (@ebony1126) on Dec 11, 2017 at 6:00am PST
Attendees of the ceremony captured Luckett and her new hubby getting down at the reception:
Luckett & Walker's whirlwind romance was kept from the public eye until about three months ago when the ‘Back To Life' singer flashed her sparkly engagement ring on Instagram, prompting fans to question ‘who is this new mystery fiance?'
Omg my sister is engaged!!! @letoyaluckett Congratulations #ThatsAGoodManSavannah 😃💎 A post shared by bryonjavar (@bryonjavar) on Aug 16, 2017 at 8:16pm PDT
Days later, Luckett revealed their love story in an exclusive to Essence Magazine, telling the publication she and Tommicus Walker met after a prophetic word from Pastor John Gray saying, ‘her husband is on his way.'
After being introduced by friends, the pair spoke for weeks over the phone without ever seeing a photo of the other and bonded through conversation and their love of God.
Once they met in person, it was all fireworks from there.
Congrats to the couple!
SOURCE: Essence Magazine
RELATED LINKS
LeToya Luckett Opens Up About Finding Love Again: “He Sees Me”
In Kontrol: LeToya Luckett Sparkles For Magazine Cover
Rob Hill, Sr., Opens Up About His Breakup With LeToya Luckett
Also On 101.1 The Wiz:
The death has occurred of Seáno Collins of Knocknacrohy, Abbeyfeale. Formerly of Foyle, Abbeyfeale.
Deeply regretted by his loving wife Peg, sister Peg McEnery, brothers Tosco and Donal, brother-in-law Denis, nephew Micheál, nieces Maura, Eilish, Mairéad, Carmel, Michelle and Kerry, grandnieces, relatives, neighbours and friends.
Reposing at Harnett's Funeral Home, The Square, Abbeyfeale on Wednesday from 6pm followed by removal at 8pm to Church of the Assumption, Abbeyfeale.
Requiem Mass takes place on Thursday at 11am with burial afterwards in Reilig Íde Naofa, Abbeyfeale.
Family flowers only please, donations if desired to Oncology and Ward 4B University Hospital Limerick.
The death has occurred (peacefully at University Hospital Waterford) of Florence Frost (née Sherlock) of 64 Tramore Heights, Tramore, Waterford / Limerick.
Deeply regretted by her loving husband John, son John, daughters Tanya and Donna, brothers John, Ray, Donie & Vinny, sons in laws, brother in law, grandchildren, cousins, nephews, nieces, relatives & friends.
Reposing this Monday at Falconers Funeral Home, Tramore, from 6pm with removal to Holy Cross Church at 8pm. Requiem Mass takes place on Tuesday at 12 midday with burial afterwards in St Columba's Cemetery, Pallasgreen, Limerick.
The death has occurred of Paddy Hyland of Ashbrook, Ennis Road, Limerick. Late of CIE and formerly of Nenagh, County Tipperary.
Beloved husband of the late Teresa and the late Pat. Dearly loved father of Geraldine, Mike, Ann, Sean and Enda.
Sadly missed his sons-in-law, daughters-in-law, grandchildren, sisters Rose and Peg, nephews, nieces, extended family and friends.
Reposing at Thompson's Funeral Home, Thomas Street on Tuesday evening from 5.30pm to 7pm followed by removal to Our Lady of the Rosary Church, Ennis Road.
Requiem Mass on Wednesday at 10.30am with burial afterwards in Mount St Oliver Cemetery.
The death has occurred (peacefully at UHL) of Mary O'Flaherty (née Moran) of Devon Close, Castletroy View, Limerick.
Beloved wife of the late Michael and dearest mother of Cecilia, Michael, Martin & Lorraine, adoring grandmother to Killian, Abbie & the late Aaron.
Deeply regretted by her family, daughter-in-law Deirdre, sister, brothers, sisters-in-law, brothers-in-law, nieces, nephews, relatives and friends.
Reposing at Griffin's Funeral Home, John's Gate on Tuesday (August 15) from 5.30pm. Removal at 7pm to St John's Cathedral. Funeral Mass on Wednesday at 11am with burial afterwards in Castlemungret Cemetery.
The death has occurred (peacefully at UHL) of Pauline Purcell of Lansdowne Park, Ennis Road, Limerick.
Beloved sister of the late Fr. Eamonn C.S.Sp. and sadly missed by her loving sisters Kathleen (O' Leary) and Mary (DeCourcy), nephews, niece, grandnephews, grandnieces, extended family and friends, Rest in Peace.
Requiem Mass on Tuesday (August 15) in Our Lady of the Rosary Church, Ennis Road at 11.30am followed by Cremation Service at Shannon Crematorium at 1.30pm.
The death has occurred (peacefully at Milford Care Centre) of Loughlin Scully of Ballyclough, Rosbrien. Formerly of Knock, Roscrea, County Tipperary.
Beloved husband of Lily. Dearly loved father of Rita, Loughlin and Maureen. Sadly missed by his sons-in-law, daughter-in-law, grandchildren, sister Sr. Boniface, brother Billy, nephews, nieces, extended family and friends. Rest in Peace.
Reposing at Milford Care Centre this Monday evening from 5.30pm to 7.00pm.
Remains arriving at Raheen Church on Tuesday for Requiem Mass at 12.30pm with burial afterwards in Crecora Cemetery.
Family flowers only, donations if desired to Milford Care Centre.
House private please.
The death has occurred of Kieran Tierney of Fortwilliam, Ballingarry
Survived by his brother Joe, sisters Kay and Noreen, his aunt Alice, sister-in-law,brothers-in-law, nieces,nephews,relatives and friends.
Reposing at his home on Moday this Monday (August 14) from 5pm until 8pm.
Remains will arrive at the Church of the Immaculate Conception Ballingarry on Tuesday August 15, for 2pm Requiem Mass.
Burial afterwards in the adjoining cemetery. Family flowers only please. Donations to Milford Care Centre.
A man described by witnesses as “acting like a bull” in the middle of a street in North Park pulled out a knife and stabbed a K9 during a bizarre encounter with police Tuesday night.
The San Diego Police Department (SDPD) said officers were called to 30th Street and Lincoln Avenue at around 11:40 p.m. to investigate reports of the man behaving oddly. SDPD Officer Billy Hernandez said the suspect was running between cars in the middle of the street, per witnesses.
When officers approached the man, he pulled out a knife and ran away. The SDPD officers, along with Max, a K9 officer, gave chase as the man ran southbound on Grim Avenue.
Max was released and ran toward the suspect; the police dog bit the man. Police said the suspect then stabbed the K9 twice with his knife.
The suspect fled again, this time running southbound on Grim Avenue toward the 3600 block. There, police captured him and arrested him for attacking the K9 officer. The man was treated at a hospital and then booked into jail. His name was not immediately released by police.
The K9 officer was rushed to a veterinary hospital and treated for his wounds. As of Wednesday morning, police said the K9 officer had been released from the hospital.
Hernandez told NBC 7 Max has been with his handler, SDPD Officer Luis Carbajal, since 2014. Max is now resting at home and is expected to recover. Hernandez said Carbajal was also doing well.
INDIANAPOLIS (WISH) — With absent marks next to quarterback Andrew Luck, wide receiver T.Y. Hilton and running back Frank Gore, the Colts backups stepped off the sidelines and into the heat on Wednesday.
There is one day to go in minicamp and still no signs of throwing from Luck. That means 30-year old Scott Tolzien, with only three career NFL starts, once again led the Indianapolis offense.
“The best way to simplify is to prepare,” Tolzien said. “I would even use the word over-prepare. The more you know it, the simpler it gets. On the field, I am working to be more vocal. I know that is something I can work on.”
With Hilton nursing a bad hamstring, Colts wide receiver Donte Moncrief went toe to toe with top cornerback Vontae Davis on Wednesday. Moncrief is looking for the big money this season, as he enters the last year of his rookie contract.
“The timing is great with Scott (Tolzien),” Moncrief said. “He is learning the way I run my routes. It's just fun being out there with him because he sees things that I don't see and he'll come back and tell me.”
Don't forget your name tag on defense.
Six Colts draft picks and nine free agent acquisitions are trying to find their spots this week at mini-camp. One of the most intriguing battles heading into to training camp is at linebacker after General Manager Chris Ballard brought in five new veterans this offseason.
“I'm always willing to put the pads on,” John Simon said. “I think that relates to how I play. There will be plenty of time for that at training camp but right now we're trying to get the fundamentals and the playbook down. So far I think we've had a little success in that category.”
Historically, Colts Head Coach Chuck Pagano is not a big fan of major changes this time of year. Remember, Pagano has never allowed full tackling at training camp. Tuesday, Pagano publicly waivered on that stance, admitting the team is openly discussing a new plan for this July. The early feedback from Pagano's players did not shoot down the idea of full contact next month.
“I like a physical camp, because at the end of the day that is where the tempo is set at,” Jon Bostic said. “For us, especially on the defensive side of the ball, we are going to come hit and that is where we're looking to bring this defense.”
A new-look Colts defense is here and it appears to be time to tackle one of the biggest issues in Indianapolis.
Five Things You Can Do With a Sweet Potato (That You Hadn't Thought Of)
Sign up for Meridian's Free Newsletter, please CLICK HERE
Sweet potatoes are a nice accompaniment to dinner. They don't cost much and they keep well so we often keep them around. Sometimes we forget to use them until they start to look bad. If that sounds like your home, this article is for you—five ways to use your sweet potatoes while they are still in the prime.
Fully-Loaded Sweet Potato
There are lots of ways to load a sweet potato or yam. Here's one. It's quick and easy and rivals the sweet potato casseroles found at Thanksgiving.
Scrub and trim, if necessary, a yam or sweet potato. Wrap it in plastic wrap and cook it in the microwave for four or five minutes or until soft. Carefully unwrap the sweet potato to avoid burning yourself.
Split the sweet potato partially open by cutting half-way through the sweet potato longitudinally. Squeeze it slightly from both ends to pop it partially open.
Place a couple of pats of butter in the sweet potato. Over that, sprinkle a little brown sugar and finely chopped pecans.
Scoop drained, crushed pineapple over the nuts. Place a dollop of whipped cream over the pineapple and sprinkle with cinnamon. Serve hot.
Sweet Potato Pie with Pecan Streusel (in a Gingersnap Crust)
This is an outstanding pie. While it certainly works for holiday dinners as an alternative to pumpkin pies, this should not be relegated to holidays. We think this will be one of your favorite pies, something to turn to whenever fresh fruit is not in season.
Get the pie recipe here.
Sweet Potato Hash Browns with Parmesan Sauce
Man does not live by bread alone; a few veggies are nice.
We discovered that you can make quick and easy hash browns with grated sweet potatoes or yams. They are neutral in flavor and can be paired with various sauces or spices. They work for breakfast or brunch or as a side dish with dinner. And they cook in almost no time.
In this case we paired Sweet Potato Hash Browns with fried eggs and Parmesan Sauce. The Sweet Potato Hash Browns are different and mild-tasting. The Parmesan Sauce accents the dish.
Because the sweet potatoes are grated, this dish cooks up very quickly. It's easy and good for you.
See the Sweet Potato Hash Brown recipe here.
Caribbean Sweet Potato Salad
There are many versions of sweet potato salad existing in cyberspace. Some are made with a combination of white potatoes and sweet potatoes and some with sweet potatoes only.
We like ours the best. It's made with sweet potatoes, corn, and red onion. The surprise ingredient is peanuts. The dressing is made with lime juice, ginger, and a clove of garlic.
This is an adventuresome salad but if made with enough spark from the dressing, it is very good . . . and good for you.
Get the recipe for this delicious salad here.
Sweet Potato Biscuits
The sweet potato in this recipe lends color, moisture, and just a bit of earthy taste to these biscuits. You can cook the sweet potato or yam ahead in the microwave so preparation is minimal.
The sweet potato in this recipe lends color, moisture, and just a bit of earthy taste to these biscuits. You can cook the sweet potato or yam ahead in the microwave so preparation is minimal.
Here is how to make your sweet potato biscuits.
Ingredients
2 3/4 cups pastry flour
1 1/2 tablespoons baking powder
1/2 teaspoon salt
2 tablespoons granulated sugar
1 cup mashed sweet potatoes or yams
1 egg, beaten
3/4 cup milk
flour for dusting
Directions
Preheat the oven to 425 degrees.
Mix the flour, baking powder, salt, and sugar together in a large bowl. Set aside.
In a blender, mix the mashed sweet potatoes, egg, and milk together until they are a smooth, consistent liquid.
Make a well in the dry ingredients and pour in the wet ingredients all at once. Stir with a spatula or fork only until mixed. Do not over-mix.
Turn the dough out onto a floured counter and pat the dough with a floured hand into a 3/4-inch thick slab. Use a biscuit cutter to cut rounds. With a thin spatula, move the rounds to greased baking sheet.
Bake for ten to twelve minutes or until they start to brown. Serve hot.
About the Author
Dennis Weaver has burned food from Point Barrow, Alaska, to Miami, Florida. He is the founder of The Prepared Pantry in Rigby, Idaho. He loves to help people bake and shares his vast collection of cooking and baking knowledge on his blog as well as in his e-books and magazines. Dennis lives in Rigby, Idaho, with his wife, Merri Ann. They have five wonderful children and six beautiful granddaughters.
MOWATA – It is with heavy hearts that the family of Marcia Ann Coleman announces her death on Oct. 2, 2017, in Southwind Nursing and Rehabilation Center in Crowley surrounded by family and friends.
She was born April 14, 1962, the only girl of six children in the Coleman family. Marcia was the office manager for 25 years at the Boys Sanctuary in Eunice and later for AMIKids in Branch. She was also a former member of the Catholic Daughters of America.
Her giving spirit touched many souls along her journey and left a wide path of lasting friendship on her way. Little could diminish her smile, and she strove to continue to love despite her illness and adversities.
Marcia was preceded in death by her father, Luther B. Coleman Jr; mother, Gloria Bollich Coleman; and brother, Christopher Coleman.
She is survived by her brothers, Thomas Coleman and wife Pamela of Lafayette, Danny Coleman and wife Brenda of Mowata, David Coleman and wife Billie of Mamou, Byron Coleman of Eunice; and former husband, John Douglas Trahan of Rayne; as well as many nieces, nephews and godchildren.
Visitation at Ardoin's Funeral Home in Eunice began Wednesday, Oct. 4, from 10 a.m. until 8 p.m. and continues Thursday from 8 a.m. until services. A Rosary was recited at 7 p.m. Wednesday.
A Mass of Christian Burial will be held in St. Lawrence Church in Mowata with burial in St. Lawrence Cemetery at 11 a.m., Oct. 5, with Father Joseph Tran officiating.
Family and friends may view this obituary and sign the guestbook at www.ardoinfuneralhomes.com.
Ardoin's Funeral Home of Eunice, 1301 W. Laurel Ave, (337) 457-3371 is in charge of arrangements.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Birmingham City have joined the race to sign John Terry.
Blues boss Harry Redknapp is looking to strengthen the centre of his defence and has identified the former Chelsea captain as someone who could fit the mould.
A report from Standard Sport says Redknapp wants to bring in Terry, who has also been linked with rivals Aston Villa as well as Premier League outfit AFC Bournemouth.
Terry's wage demands of £100,000-a-week, could be an issue, however.
Derek McInnes is a step closer to joining Sunderland as their new manager.
The Scotsman's club Aberdeen have confirmed a deal has been reached with the Black Cats about the job.
McInnes and assistant Tony Docherty will join the club if they can agree terms.
(Photo: Nathan Stirk/Getty Images)
Leeds United are set to sign Pontus Jansson.
The defender was on loan at Elland Road last season.
The deal is set to go through on July 1, when the summer transfer window opens.
There was an issue with the deal due to a £3.5million fee not being paid but this has now been cleared by FIFA.
Fulham are looking at signing Cyriac from Belgian club Oostende on loan.
The striker spent the second half of last season on loan at Craven Cottage but failed to make an impact.
(Photo: Getty Images Europe)
However, Belgian media outlet Het Nieuwsblad reports the Ivory Coast international could be returning to West London.
Hull City are interested in signing Rangers midfielder Josh Windass.
No approach has been made, according to the Hull Daily Mail, but he is a target of the relegated club.
Windass has only been in Scotland for a season after a move there from Accrington Stanley.
Don't forget you can get the latest Reading FC news on Twitter by following @getreadingfc and reporter Jonathan Low ( @jonathanl50 ).
Keep up with the Royals news on Facebook through the dedicated page here
And you can get all the breaking Reading FC news with the free getreading app. Download it for Apple devices here and Android devices here .
The President of Miyetti Allah Kautal Hore Socio-cultural Association, Bello Abdullahi Bodejo has warned that they will resist any attempt to remove President Muhammadu Buhari in 2019. Bodejo warned that Nobody should try and remove Buhari, adding th...
MASON, Ohio (AP) — Wimbledon champion Roger Federer withdrew from the Western & Southern Open on Monday because of a back injury. He has won this Masters series tournament seven times.
The move was announced on the first full day of matches. This U.S. Open warmup has now lost five of the top six players in the men's rankings.
Federer, a 19-time major champion, said in a statement he “tweaked” his back last week at the Rogers Cup in Montreal, where he lost Sunday's final to Alexander Zverev.
The Swiss star, ranked No. 3, is sidelined along with No. 1 Andy Murray, No. 4 Stan Wawrinka, No. 5 Novak Djokovic and No. 6 Marin Cilic, the defending champion. Only No. 2 Rafael Nadal, the top-seeded player, remains in the draw.
Tournament officials also tweeted that 21st-ranked Gael Monfils is out because of an undisclosed illness. All the missing players except Cilic are 30 or older.
“It's just coincidence,” said Nadal, 31. “We're not 20 years old any more. We're not playing all the weeks. It's part of our sport. I've been in their position lots of times. I've missed more events than the other players. It's part of the game. I wish them all a speedy recovery. We need them in the game. I hope they get back soon.”
Federer's withdrawal means Nadal, who lost in the third round at Montreal, will return to No. 1 when new ATP rankings are released Aug. 21. The Spaniard will be No. 1 for the first time since July 6, 2014.
Nadal has spent 141 weeks at No. 1 since first ascending there after reaching the Western & Southern semifinals in 2008.
“It's been tough to get back to No. 1,” he said. “I'm happy to have the chance to be in that position.”
In early first-round men's play, Richard Gasquet and wild-card Tommy Paul advanced in straight sets. Gasquet eased past qualifier John-Patrick Smith 6-4, 6-4, and Paul beat fellow American Donald Young 6-4, 7-6 (4). Ivo Karlovic ousted Jiri Vesely 6-3, 3-6, 7-5.
Also advancing in straight sets were Fabio Fognini, a 7-6 (5), 6-4 winner over Daniil Medvedev; qualifier Mitchell Krueger, 6-2, 6-1 over Benoit Paire; and Feliciano Lopez, 7-6 (5), 6-1 over Hyeon Chung.
Among the women, 14th-seeded Petra Kvitova rallied past Anett Kontaveit 1-6, 7-6 (2), 6-3; Beatriz Haddad Maia topped Lauren Davis 6-3, 6-2; and Lesia Tsurenko defeated Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova 5-7, 7-6 (6), 6-0.
Kristina Mladenovic, seeded 13th, became the first seeded player to lose, beaten by Daria Gavrilova 6-0, 7-6 (6).
× ‘Sex in the City' star Cynthia Nixon running for governor
ALBANY, N.Y. — Former “Sex and the City” star Cynthia Nixon said on Twitter Monday that she'll challenge Gov. Andrew Cuomo in New York's Democratic primary in September.
Her announcement sets up a race pitting an openly gay liberal activist against a two-term incumbent with a $30 million war chest and possible presidential ambitions.
In a video on Twitter, the public education advocate said, “We want our government to work again.”
Nixon in recent speeches has called on Democrats nationally to carve out a strong liberal identity instead of being merely the “anti-Trump party.”
The 51-year-old Manhattan mother of three is an ally of Democratic New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio, who frequently clashes with Cuomo on various issues.
The 60-year-old Cuomo was favored 66 percent to 19 percent over Nixon in a recent Siena College poll.
Five older gentlemen will headline a benefit concert for victims of this year's brutal hurricane season at the end of the month — and it's not the Rolling Stones or Journey.
Former Presidents Barack Obama, George W. Bush, Bill Clinton, George H. W. Bush and Jimmy Carter will be the headliners at a special concert Oct. 21 at Texas A&M's Reed Arena in College Station, which will raise money for hurricane relief efforts.
Called the "Deep From the Heart: The One America Appeal" concert and organized by the George H. W. Bush Presidential Library Foundation, all ticket sales and proceeds earned from the event will go to helping victims.
(L-R) Former U.S. Presidents Barack Obama, George W. Bush and Bill Clinton attend the trophy presentation prior to Thursday foursomes matches of the Presidents Cup at Liberty National Golf Club on Sept. 28, 2017 in Jersey City, New Jersey. Rob Carr / Getty Images
“It's important that those affected by these devastating storms know that, even if the path to recovery feels like a road that goes on forever, we're with them for the long haul," said President George H. W. Bush.
The former commanders-in-chief will be joined by bands and musicians like Alabama The Gatlin Brothers, Lyle Lovett and Stephanie Quayle.
The spark for the idea came after Hurricane Harvey smothered southeast Texas with a deluge of rain, leading to what's been called near-Biblical flooding. Though the concert initially aimed to only address the devastation of that hurricane, it has now expanded its scope to include Florida's recovery after Hurricane Irma and Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands' efforts after Hurricane Maria.
The money will go to Houston Harvey Relief Fund, Rebuild Texas Fund, Florida Disaster Fund, Juntos y Unidos Por Puerto Rico and the Fund for the Virgin Islands.
It is unclear whether the current president, Donald Trump, was invited or if he plans to attend. The White House didn't return requests for comment.
Best Snowy Destinations For A Cozy Cottage GetawayFrom the moderately priced to over the top, here are five of the best snowy destinations to stay this year for a cozy cottage getaway
MSP Airport Flight Operations Return To Normal Operations are back to normal at Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport after gusty winds on Monday disrupted flight schedules.
Saving Space: How To Pack Your Bulky Winter ClothingFive suggestions on how to avoid baggage fees by packing all of your winter clothing in a single carry on and personal item
5 Best U.S. Cities To Ring In 2017Five of the best American cities to celebrate when the clock strikes twelve.
14 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Stumbleupon
Rugby league is behind sports such as table tennis, angling and shooting in terms of people aged 16 and over who play the sport on a weekly basis, according to data from Sport England which has appeared in a national newspaper.
The Telegraph have compiled a list of the 33 most popular sports in the country relating to data handed out by Sport England from the end of September 2016 – and rugby league sits a worrying 27th on the list.
The article notes that 44,900 people participate in playing rugby league on a weekly basis, which is down almost 10 per cent – 9.65% – from 12 months prior to that data being collated.
Perhaps even more worryingly, it details a staggering 39.07% drop in participation numbers over the last decade in comparison to those playing the sport in September 2006.
More people take part in sports like sailing and shooting on a weekly basis compared to rugby league, the study has shown.
What does this tell you about the future of rugby league? Tweet us @LeagueExpress with your thoughts.
Police cars on Linn Lane in response to a domestic incident. April 27, 2018 (Photo: Meli Rodea/Facebook)
Las Vegas Metro police SWAT officers responded to a domestic disturbance in a residential neighborhood on Friday morning.
The incident happened around 10:27 a.m. at a home on Linn Lane between Charleston Boulevard and Stewart Avenue in east Las Vegas.
Police said a woman came out of the house asking for help before going back into the home. Officers arrived on scene and attempted to make contact with the woman, but no one responded.
The standoff ended Friday afternoon. Police took a man into custody at 1:51 p.m., along with a female with visible injuries and another person.
Neighboring homes were evacuated during the incident.
Linn Lane was closed from Charleston Boulevard to Stewart Avenue.
No further details were immediately released.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
President Donald Trump and French President Emmanuel Macron during their meeting in the Cabinet Room of the White House in Washington, Tuesday, April 24, 2018. Pablo Martinez Monsivais AP Photo
The incident happened at 615 S. Commerce Road in Watertown. WEMA officials were not able to confirm further details regarding the accident.
This story will be updated as new information is released.
Rabbits running riot around Jedburgh's Castlewood Cemetery are to be culled in a bid to solve one of a host of issues affecting the state of the burial ground.
The condition of the cemetery's grounds has been criticised by townsfolk and community councillors unhappy not only about the effect of the council's new grass-cutting schedule but also about the long-running problem of rabbits overrunning the graveyard and eating flowers and wreaths left there.
Jedburgh councillors Scott Hamilton and Sandy Scott in the town's Castlewood Cemetery.
Scottish Borders Council did install rabbit-proof fencing, but it has proven ineffective, so it has now ordered a cull instead.
Jedburgh councillor Scott Hamilton, reading out an update from council officers, told the town's community council that pest control company Surekill will be brought in to “euthanise as many rabbits as possible, including under the site shed.”
He added: “Once the gates are repaired, and we have taken all reasonable steps to exclude the entry of rabbits, we will instruct Surekill to carry out their work.”
That update follows a site visit by councillors and officers two months ago, prompted by a string of complaints about the state of the burial ground.
Community Council chairman Rory Stewart criticised the council's response, though, replying: “It has taken seven weeks to get to where we were before you had the meeting with officers.
“It's a very emotive issue. It's not acceptable, and it's something that the councillors need to work very hard on finding a solution for.”
Mr Hamilton added later: “Castlewood Cemetery has been a concern for some time, and I am very aware of the strong feelings surrounding the state of the cemetery.
“Myself and fellow elected colleagues, with the help of council officers, have been working together to try and resolve the matter.
“Areas including vermin control are being dealt with as soon as the gates and fencing are repaired.”
Mr Hamilton also confirmed repairs will be carried out to a damaged pillar and gate at the entrance, gulley pots cleaned and drainage in the cemetery re-established.
The council has also sought estimates for re-erecting around 12 headstones in the oldest part of the cemetery at a potential cost of around £4.300.
With Memorial day weekend coming to a close Pusha T decides to respond to Drake's “Duppy Freestlye” with a new venomous track called “The Story of Adidon” Laying bars over Jay-Z's “The Story of OJ” Pusha pulls no punches with lines like, “A baby's involved, it's deeper than rap/We're talkin' character, let me keep with the facts/You are hiding a child, let that boy come home/Deadbeat muthafucka, playing border patrol”. It looks like it is gonna be a cruel summer for someone. Listen to the full track below.
https://uncutmag.files.wordpress.com/2018/05/5_29_2018-pusha-t-the-story-of-adidon-drake-diss.mp3
The Nasdaq index just notched one its best years this century — but the woman who runs it still faces doubts on Wall Street. The tech-heavy Nasdaq 100 — which...
More Videos 0:31 Three shot at Macon house Pause 1:32 She had no risk factors. But at 33, she was diagnosed with breast cancer 3:57 Cop Shop Podcast: Teen son wants brandy, mom says no, Chihuahua yaps 1:57 Kumho Tire Georgia grand opening in Macon 2:01 Eason gets injured, Fromm leads Georgia to victory 0:26 Large distribution center possibly for Amazon 0:58 Warner Robins defeats Houston County 1:34 Lorenzo Carter: 'We play old-school football' 1:06 hundred blood donors in Nevada line up help Las Vegas shooting victims 1:30 Northside teacher wants to check this one off his bucket list Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Fairgoers talk about what they love most People talk about Georgia National Fair experience and what they like most about it. Food, rides and animals are the faves and nobody complained about the weather. People talk about Georgia National Fair experience and what they like most about it. Food, rides and animals are the faves and nobody complained about the weather. Beau Cabell The Telegraph
People talk about Georgia National Fair experience and what they like most about it. Food, rides and animals are the faves and nobody complained about the weather. Beau Cabell The Telegraph
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SANTA MARIA, Calif. -- A California woman's grandma was hospitalized for three days and wanted to see her dog. So her granddaughter made it possible.
21-year-old Shelby Hennick was passing by her grandma Dona's house when her mom called and said that Dona was missing her dog Patsy.
Pets are generally not allowed in hospitals unless they're service animals, so Hennick got creative.
The veterinary technician decided to wrap Patsy in a blanket, put her over her shoulder, and managed to sneak her into the hospital looking like a baby.
She took a few photos and posted them to Twitter over the weekend, and they soon went viral with over 120,000 retweets.
My grandma is in the hospital right now and wanted to see her dog. So I made it look like I was carrying a baby and we made it 😂❤ pic.twitter.com/oKxNBlJEEL — Shelbae (@HennickShelby) June 11, 2017
"Patsy was quiet the whole time and actually kept licking my arm," Hennick told BuzzFeed.
Hennick's grandmother was thrilled with the surprise, despite thinking it was an actual baby at first.
"I was really happy we were able to pull it off, and I'm sure it made her day," Hennick told BuzzFeed.
The viral post encouraged others to share similar stories when they brought pets into the hospital to see loved ones - sometimes with the help of hospital staff.
Did the same thing for my grandpa when he was in the hospital but ours wasn't as easy to sneak in 😂 pic.twitter.com/g4aBfQ2BVL — micah 🌸 (@micah0510) June 12, 2017
I love it! We snuck my grandmas dog in for her too! 😭😍🐶 pic.twitter.com/DsSMfLJXzR — D 🌻 (@ddanielleggee) June 12, 2017
Dona is doing better and was released from the hospital on Monday.
After three years of construction, the world's most sensitive dark matter experiment is online, and scientists report that the detector is operating as designed.
The XENON1T detector hasn't found any dark matter particles yet, but it has carried out a 30-day science run, and project scientists are optimistic about the future.
"The best result on dark matter so far! … and we have just started!" the XENON1T team said in a statement.
The XENON1T experiment is located deep beneath a mountain at the Gran Sasso National Laboratory in Italy (known by its Italian acronym, LNGS) so it can be shielded from interference caused by cosmic rays and other radiation sources on Earth's surface.
Related: Gallery: Dark Matter Throughout the Universe
XENON1T is looking for the microscopic fireworks created by weakly interacting massive particles (WIMPs) crashing into xenon atoms. WIMPs are hypothetical particles that many scientists think are a primary component of dark matter.
Astronomical observations have confirmed that only about 15 percent of the material universe is composed of "ordinary" (or "baryonic") matter; nearly 85 percent is mysterious dark matter, which cannot be observed directly by telescopes. But dark matter's gravity can be measured indirectly via its effects on galaxy clusters and the rotation rates of galaxies, so we know it's out there.
Because WIMPs are so "weakly interacting" — that is, they cannot interact with normal matter via the electromagnetic, strong or weak forces — XENON1T can detect them only by looking out for lucky collisions between WIMPs and atoms in a chamber filled with pure liquid xenon cooled to minus 139 degrees Fahrenheit (minus 95 degrees Celsius).
Related: Earth-Sized Telescope May Let Us See Black Hole for First Time
When a direct collision occurs, the liquid scintillates (flashes), and there is ionization in the liquid. By studying these flashes, scientists can then determine the exact nature of the colliding particles.
But to detect these extremely weak flashes in the Liquid Xenon Time Projection Chamber (LXeTPC), the surrounding natural radiation levels in the cavern must be kept to a minimum. To achieve maximum shielding, the LXeTPC is submerged in a massive water tank that's the size of the neighboring three-story building that contains the auxiliary equipment to support the experiment.
The water tank and the natural shielding provided by the tons of overlying rock still aren't enough to ensure minimal radiation interference, however.
All materials can produce small quantities of radiation. So, to achieve its record radioactive "silence," the detector's materials had to be selected carefully, and the liquid xenon itself was meticulously processed, the researchers said. These steps were "necessary to listen … for the very weak voice of dark matter," they added in the statement.
Related: These 'Waves' May Let Us See the Big Bang's Earliest Moments
The first XENON1T results have been made available on the online preprint service arXiv.org.
"WIMPs did not show up in this first search with XENON1T, but we also did not expect them so soon!" project spokesperson Elena Aprile, a professor of astrophysics at Columbia University, said in the statement.
"The best news is that the experiment continues to accumulate excellent data, which will allow us to test quite soon the WIMP hypothesis in a region of mass and cross-section with normal atoms as never before," Aprile added. "A new phase in the race to detect dark matter with ultra-low background massive detectors on Earth has just begun with XENON1T. We are proud to be at the forefront of the race with this amazing detector, the first of its kind."
The 135 scientists participating in the XENON Collaboration are from the U.S., Germany, Italy, Switzerland, Portugal, France, the Netherlands, Israel, Sweden and the United Arab Emirates.
Follow Ian O'Neill @astroengine. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook or Google+. Originally published on Space.com.
Follow NBC MACH on Twitter, Facebook, and Instagram.
Tim Puetz and Jan-Lennard Struff won a thrilling doubles clash on Saturday to give Germany a 2-1 lead after the second day of their World Group Davis Cup tie against Australia in Brisbane.
The German duo silenced the partisans at Pat Rafter Arena as they overcame John Peers and Matthew Ebden 6-4, 6-7, 6-2, 6-7, 6-4 in just over three-and-a-quarter hours.
The Germans made a late switch to their doubles team, bringing in Struff for Peter Gojowcyzk.
Struff played alongside Puetz in the World Group play-offs against Portugal last year, when they also won in five sets.
He also made the semi-finals of the Australian Open in doubles last month.
But it was the lesser known Puetz who shone on a gloomy Brisbane afternoon.
The 30-year-old, who is ranked 140 in the world in doubles and 293 in singles, was the more solid of the German pairing.
"He's in their team for a reason. They're a world class team and we know to expect the best from them," Ebden said.
German captain Michael Kohlmann said he made the switch once he knew Australia had decided not to bring Nick Kyrgios in for Ebden.
"In my mind Peers and Ebden hadn't played together before, or not a lot, and I knew my guys know each other pretty well," he said.
"In Davis Cup it's not only about the tennis, it's also about how you put your emotions together, how you connect.
"And in this I had a feeling that my guys would connect better together."
The best of five series hinges on Sunday's first reverse singles between each country's number one player. Kyrgios will take on Sascha Zverev.
"We are in a good position, 2-1 up, but we know it's not all over," Kohlmann said.
"I think that if Nick is on form, he's tough to play for everyone to play against, not just Sascha. I guess that Nick is not orthodox, not a rhythm player. That makes it difficult for Sascha.
"Being 2-1 up might change the mental game and the mental game right now is pretty big."
If Kyrgios can level the tie, the decider will likely be between Struff, the world number 58, and 18-year-old Alex de Minaur, who is ranked 81 places below him.
"We're a long way from beaten," said Australia captain Lleyton Hewitt. “Sunday is going to be a big day but the boys are looking forward to it."
MONTREAL — Remi Garde wants an explanation of how Major League Soccer referees make calls, but the Montreal Impact coach is also aware that many of his team's troubles are their own fault.
Garde, who joined the Impact in November from Olympique Lyonnais in France, said Tuesday he hopes to meet with Howard Webb of the Professional Referees Organization to discuss how games are officiated.
“We need to know how things work because it isn't clear,” said Garde, whose team has given up five penalties and had two players sent off in seven games. “Since the start of the season, anything debatable has gone against us. It's frustrating.”
He said in some cases fouls that drew a red card for his players only counted as yellows when opponents did the same things, and he'd like to know why.
Forced to play a man short in two of the last three games, the Impact (2-5) have lost three in a row by a combined score of 12-4.
The Impact were coming off a 5-3 loss at home to LAFC in which they blew a 3-1 lead after defender Victor Cabrera was ejected.
After the game, goalkeeper Evan Bush called the red card “comical.
“And these guys (the referees), you can't even have a conversation with them to ask them what they saw. There's a bit of arrogance there that needs to be cleaned up. Because if you don't know what you did wrong, you can't correct it.”
Garde also hopes to see a change in attitude from his players, who have conceded a league-worst 17 goals. They next face Atlanta's high-powered attack away on Saturday.
“It's a young team in terms of experience, but we need to raise our standard as a group,” he said. “Hating to lose, as a professional athlete, is a formidable engine.
“We can't go through a match thinking we're going to play kick-around, that we'll have the ball all the time. That's impossible. The opponents are going to have their strong moments and that's when a professional tells himself ‘I don't want to lose.' ”
He said goals conceded off corner kicks recently against the New York Red Bulls and Los Angeles FC were examples of moments in which his players were not aggressive enough in their defending. He added it will be worked on in training, along with other shortcomings.
He said players were losing balls too easily and must be hungrier to recover lost balls.
“It toughs to get the ball back against some teams and we want it to be the same for them when we have the ball,” he said. “When we have the ball, don't lose it quickly and stupidly on technical errors. For sure, playing hard is important but you also can't forget skill and tactics.”
CASINO
Don't bet on Dubai legalizing casino gambling anytime soon.
The Gulf News reported that Dubai will remain casino-free even if the state has allowed the entry of international integrated resort brands into the most populous city in the United Arab Emirates.
Dubai Department of Tourism and Commerce Marketing (Dubai Tourism) Chief Executive Issam Kazim made the statement several days after Caesars Entertainment Corp. announced that it's bringing its Caesars Palace brand to the Middle Eastern city later this year.
Aside from Caesars, Las Vegas-based MGM Resorts International had earlier agreed to manage a 26-acre “premier destination resort” for Wasl Hospitality.
Even though Dubai is considered a progressive city, Kazim said the state government still wants to preserve its Islamic culture. Vices, such as gambling and alcohol, are considered ‘haram,' acts that are considered forbidden by Allah. But there are Muslim countries like Egypt, Tunisia, and Malaysia that permit casino gambling.
“No [there is not a desire for casinos] … We need to bear in mind that there are cultural things that are a priority to us,” Kazim said, according to the news outlet.
Like most Middle Eastern countries, the United Arab Emirates is seeking to diversify its economy by being less dependent on the oil industry, strengthening trade, and achieving an optimal balance among various sectors, such as tourism.
Dubai also plans to attract at least 20 million tourists by 2020, according to the tourism official.
In the case of Caesars, Kazim pointed out that the casino operator will bring the Caesars Palace theme not to encourage people to gamble, but to create “that sort of destination and experience” in Dubai.
MGM, on the other hand, is bringing MGM-branded residences and a Bellagio-branded hotel containing a total of 1,000 rooms and 10 villas in Dubai. The MGM project, which reportedly occupies “the longest stretch of waterfront ever developed in Dubai,” is set to be completed in 2021.
Comments
With a Republican memo alleging misconduct by the FBI expected to be released later in the day, President Donald Trump lashed out at officials at the agency and the Justice Department in a post on Twitter on Friday.
Trump claimed in the tweet that the FBI and the Justice Department have shown a pro-Democratic bias in their investigations.
"The top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigative process in favor of Democrats and against Republicans - something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago," Trump tweeted. "Rank & File are great people!"
The tweet from Trump comes as he is expected to approve the release of a controversial memo alleging misconduct by the FBI in the investigation of Russian meddling in the 2016 election.
The memo commissioned by House Intelligence Committee Chairman Devin Nunes, R-Calif., reportedly alleges abuses of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act in the FBI's monitoring of a former Trump campaign adviser.
However, the FBI released a statement on Wednesday expressing "grave concerns about material omissions of fact that fundamentally impact the memo's accuracy."
Democrats have claimed the memo selectively cherry-picks classified information intended to discredit the work of the FBI and special counsel Robert Mueller.
The top Democrats in the House and Senate have also called for Nunes to be removed from his position amid allegations that he secretly altered the memo before sending it to be reviewed by the White House.
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., and Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., both sent letters to House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., on Thursday calling for Nunes to be removed from his position.
Democrats have also criticized Republicans for prohibiting the release of a memo they crafted to respond to the GOP's document.
A report from CNN said top White House aides are worried FBI Director Christopher Wray could resign if the Republican memo is released, although White House counselor Kellyanne Conway has downplayed those concerns.
"The president has not expressed that concern at all," Conway said in an interview on Fox News on Friday, noting that Trump has respect for the "rank and file" employees at the FBI.
(Photo: Gage Skidmore)
by RTT Staff Writer
For comments and feedback: editorial@rttnews.com
Business News
Share Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
This is too precious. Apple has warned employees against leaking information to the media, which Mark Gurman of Bloomberg Technology learned about via… a leaked memo. Ouch. Apple notes in the memo that it caught 29 leakers, all of whom lost their jobs, and 12 of whom were arrested. It's clearly a career-limiting move.
That said, it's hard to see leaks as entirely bad. Although leaks do rob Apple of the opportunity for big reveals and cut into sales of older products due for replacement, Apple does benefit from the non-stop drumbeat of rumors and speculation fueled by the leaks. Plus, while it's entirely reasonable for Apple to want to control what is announced, it's somewhat troubling when the company plays favorites with who is anointed with early or special access.
Also, people leak information for a variety of reasons, including self-importance and the thrill of sharing a secret. But leaks can also happen when employees feel that the company is being overly and unnecessarily secretive.
Read original article
Las Vegas Metro police said they will begin to release records related to the 1 October investigation starting Wednesday.
Sheriff Joseph Lombardo said in a press conference Tuesday that the department will release documents to comply with a court order. The Nevada Supreme Court denied a motion to stay the release of records related to the shooting.
Videos from two officers, who had their body cameras on when they entered the suspect's hotel room, will be released first, Lombardo said. The release of additional videos, 911 records, and documents will be provided on a regular, “rolling” basis.
Lombardo cautioned on making conclusions on a single release. He said the facts on the initial information provided to the public has not changed. The department will release a comprehensive report in the future. The report will have additional details on the content that was ordered to be released.
[RELATED: Full documents: 22 police search warrants unsealed from 1 October]
He expected more documents to be released in the next two weeks. The department said they are working on a method to distribute the content.
Lombardo said there are reasons why the department couldn't release the records before. He cited the ongoing investigation, manpower, concerns over the victims and their families and the cost. Adding, it will cost the department and public “several hundred thousand dollars in manpower, time and equipment.
“At no point was the LVMPD trying to be uncooperative with the media or the public,” Lombardo said.
Metro employees have been pulled from other assignments and will have to relive the incidents from 1 October, Lombardo said. The work from other departments will be "slowed."
“We as a department are trying to complete the investigation and heal as a community,” Lombardo said.
Lombardo said they are operating in the same manner as in the past, by releasing important facts and making sure the public is not in danger.
“I want the community to know the release of the videos, 911, and documents will have a significant impact on the victims of this tragedy, Lombardo said. “We believe the release of the graphic footage will further traumatize a wounded community, for that we apologize.”
Lombardo said victims and family members should know the video from the concert is disturbing and graphic.
“We have always tried to protect the victims,” Lombardo said. Adding, the department wanted to avoid further victimization.
The Vegas Strong Resiliency Center remains open, Lombardo said as a reminder. The center offers counseling and other resources for victims and their families.
[RELATED: Las Vegas Victims' Fund exceeding $31.4 million to be distributed]
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
New traffic lights are being installed around the city to ultimately handle new signal timing software. Right now, Green Light Project crews are working on signals along Highway 2, including vertical traffic signals and flashing yellow arrow signals for left turn movements.
Once signal lights have been changed, Green Light Project crews will change signal timing with new censors, keeping main corridors open for traffic with little to no stopping for red lights. You probably won't see difference in signal timings until the project is completed in July or August.
TORONTO, ON--(Marketwired - April 17, 2017) - NexC Partners Corp. (the "Company") (TSX: NXC) has received approval for a normal course issuer bid to purchase up to 195,027 Class A Shares (the "Shares") of the Company, representing approximately 10% of the public float of 1,950,268 Shares as of April 11, 2017. The Company may purchase up to 39,005 Shares in any 30 day period which is 2% of the 1,950,268 issued and outstanding Shares at April 11, 2017.
The Shares may be purchased for cancellation from April 19, 2017 to April 18, 2018 through the facilities of the Toronto Stock Exchange or other alternative Canadian trading systems and may only be purchased at a price per Share not exceeding the last published net asset value per Share. Purpose Investments Inc., the manager of the Company, believes that such purchases are in the best interest of the Company and are a desirable use of its available funds.
On April 15, 2016, the Company announced that it was making a normal course issuer bid, which commenced April 19, 2016, to purchase up to 206,794 Shares through the facilities of the TSX or alternative Canadian trading systems. The Company repurchased 128,115 Shares at a weighted average price of $11.73 per share under the bid, which will expire on April 18, 2017.
About Purpose Investments Inc.
Purpose Investments is an asset management firm inspired by the belief that all investors should have access to great investment products along with low fees. Purpose believes in focusing first on managing risk and creating value that is currently missing from the marketplace, thus empowering all Canadians to be better investors. Purpose has over $3.0 billion in assets under management and currently offers 36 exchange traded funds and mutual funds and 7 closed-end funds across multiple asset classes and both traditional and alternative investment strategies.
Caroline Wozniacki eased into the third round of the French Open with a 6-1 6-0 demolition of Georgina Garcia Perez on Wednesday.
The second seed needed just 51 minutes to see of qualifier Garcia Perez, who struggled to cope in her maiden appearance on Court Philippe Chatrier.
Wozniacki took control early on and did not relent as she put her 26-year-old opponent, who was spirited but well short of the world number two's quality, to the sword.
The Dane raced into a 5-0 lead before Garcia Lopez spared herself the ignominy of a bagel by finally getting a game on the board.
She could not do the same in the second set, however, as Wozniacki - who made only eight unforced errors to Garcia Lopez's 29 - wrapped up a comfortable victory in emphatic fashion.
The result sets up a third-round clash with Alize Cornet or Pauline Parmentier.
Google Reboots Android Security, Rolls Out Android Go
In its ongoing effort to protect Android users from malicious mobile activities, Google plans to begin showing warnings when apps or Web sites collect personal data without their consent. The move expands on the app security measures Google added with its release of Android Oreo in August.
Announced last Friday, Dec. 1, the latest Android protections will begin showing warnings to users starting in February. Android app developers will need to abide by Google's remediation and resolution guidance to prevent such warnings from showing up on their software.
As part of its Android 8.1 update, set for release tomorrow, Google also plans to roll out a new "software experience" called Android Oreo (Go edition). The lightweight version of Google's mobile operating system is aimed at the "next billion" smartphone users around the world with entry-level, low-memory devices.
Safeguards Apply to All Apps and Functions
Under Google's coming update to its Unwanted Software Policy, apps that handle users' personal or device data will have to notify individuals with a prompt and privacy policy information. Users will also need to be informed when any app "collects and transmits personal data unrelated to the functionality of the app," according to Paul Stanton, a member of Google's Safe Browsing Team.
Before such unrelated personal data can be collected or used, "the app must prominently highlight how the user data will be used and have the user provide affirmative consent for such use," Stanton wrote in a Google Security blog post on Friday.
"These data collection requirements apply to all functions of the app," he added. "For example, during analytics and crash reportings, the list of installed packages unrelated to the app may not be transmitted from the device without prominent disclosure and affirmative consent."
The requirements apply to all Android apps, whether they're accessed via Google Play or via another non-Play app market, Stanton said.
Go Edition Targets Next Wave of Android Users
Earlier today, Google also announced the imminent launch of its new Go edition for entry-level Android devices. The Android Go initiative was first unveiled in May at Google's annual I/O developer conference.
"To make sure billions more people can get access to computing, it's important that entry-level devices are fully functioning smartphones that can browse the web and use apps," Android director of product management Sagar Kamdar said in a Google blog post today.
Arriving with tomorrow's release of Android 8.1, the Go edition will provide an optimized experience for users whose Android Oreo devices have between 512 MB and 1 GB of memory. The stripped-down Go edition includes a tailor-made Android operating system, a new set of lightweight Google apps, and a "tuned version" of the Google Play Store that highlights apps designed to work best on low-memory devices.
"We enhanced Android Oreo (Go edition) for speed and reliability on entry-level devices, which means the average app is now 15 percent faster on devices running Android Oreo (Go edition)," Kamdar said. "There are many of these kinds of optimizations -- and they really add up. If all entry level Android devices launched apps 15 percent faster, that would save the world a cumulative one million hours of time -- every day!"
According to predictions released today by the app market data company App Annie, worldwide consumer spending on apps it expected to exceed $110 billion in 2018. While games are expected to continue accounting for the largest portion of app spending, "the share of spend for apps outside of games will increase next year as its growth rate outpaces that for games," the App Annie forecast stated.
"This shift, which has been largely driven by subscriptions, is a strong reflection of the app economy's increasing maturation as the value that apps deliver to users broadens," it said. App Annie also indicated that the Android app market in the coming year will see especially strong growth in India and Brazil.
"[T]hough Brazil is a more mature market than India and further along in shifting beyond the download growth phase, it is a mobile-first country with plenty of room left for growth," the forecast stated. "Both countries have large populations of people who do not yet own smartphones. Continued increases in smartphone penetration in both of these markets will fuel future growth of total time spent, which will in turn lead to higher mobile commerce spend."
Image credit: All screenshots and apps by Google/Android.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The much-delayed Midland Metropolitan Hospital forecast to open three years late could be pushed back even further, according to a report before health bosses.
The hospital was supposed to open in January 2019 but the collapse of the construction company Carillion earlier this year set it back to 2022 and increased the initial cost of £350 million by £125 million.
The Metropolitan was commissioned to replace and improve acute services presently delivered at Sandwell General and City Road hospitals.
Now health bosses are being told the project may not even be completed by 2022 - leading to "unsustainable services".
(Image: Christopher Furlong/Getty Images)
An assessment being presented to Sandwell and West Birmingham Health Trust has given the threat a high rating, stating: "There is a risk that the procurement process for the replacement financier and contractor does not result in a compliant bid in 2019 because of insufficient market availability resulting in Midland Met delivery delay beyond 2022 and creating further unsustainable services."
Since Carillion went bust, the trust has been negotiating with construction companies to take over the project which stands half completed at the site in Cranford Street, Smethwick.
Since January, all work has ceased on the incomplete building leading to concerns that it will suffer weather damage.
The cost of the hospital was supposed to be funded by loans taken out by Carillion which would then lease it back to the NHS under a private finance initiative.
The delays are now leading to calls for the Government to directly pay for construction with taxpayers' money.
The risk assessment will be discussed on Wednesday only hours before demonstrators hold a protest at the Smethwick site calling on the Government to pay for its completion.
LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. — Giancarlo Stanton predicts the pain level felt by baseballs is going to rise with his dock-rope arms joining the muscular Yankees lineup.
“I feel sorry for the baseballs,'' Stanton said on YES Monday from here at the Winter Meetings, where the Yankees trotted out the hulking slugger acquired Friday from the Marlins.
With Gary Sanchez, Aaron Judge and Stanton in the lineup, the Yankees are looking forward to the baseballs being punished as they leave bats headed for seats.
But the more pressing topic is where Stanton and Judge fit into the lineup. General manager Brian Cashman said Brett Gardner is the regular left fielder and Jacoby Ellsbury will attempt to beat out Aaron Hicks in center.
That leaves right field, where Judge displayed Gold Glove skills last year, and DH. Because Stanton and Judge are right fielders without much DH experience, moving them between the two spots is the plan — at least right now. And that plan could take time for each player to adjust to.
“DH, right field, maybe left field. Just depends on the circumstances of our club at the time and who is needing more time in the DH role,'' Cashman said. “[Stanton's] attitude's been great, it's like, ‘Hey, whatever you need me to do, I'm there. I'll do whatever you guys think is best.' So we have spots for everybody.''
Depending on the park — Fenway and Camden Yards for example — and on the days Gardner might get a game off against a lefty, Judge or Stanton could surface in left, a position neither has played in the big leagues.
“I think they're both athletic enough that if other issues arise on the club, you know maybe left field is an opportunity for either one of them,'' Cashman said. “We'll find out over time. Clearly right field and DH work, but I think they're athletic enough to be considered elsewhere. But the very easiest aspect of it is right field and DH, and I think both players will benefit from the DH rest. You won't have to run somebody into the ground every day.''
Stanton, last season's NL MVP, has been the DH in 13 games and was enthused about the role.
“I'm fine with it. I can bounce around. Wherever they need me I'm OK with that. I always liked DHing when we played the AL teams in previous years,'' said Stanton, who has hit .333 with a 1.019 OPS in 54 at-bats as a DH.
Cashman called Judge, who is a better right fielder than Stanton, before making the deal to see how the 2017 AL Rookie of the Year felt about the possibility of shifting between right, DH and possibly left.
“We're going to do everything we can to win and that's going to make it easier in that matter,'' Cashman said of Judge's answer. “He said, ‘Hey, I'm pumped. This is exciting. If you could pull that off, that would be amazing.' I didn't talk about who we would be giving up, so he didn't know that aspect.''
In 11 games (10 starts) at DH, Judge has hit .294 with a 1.114 OPS in 34 at-bats.
When a team has a 28-year-old and owes him $265 million for a decade, it makes sense he plays where he is comfortable, but, at least in December, the Yankees aren't set on Stanton in right and Judge the DH full time.
“We're going to juggle it. Those are things that we'll flesh out in spring training. Who do we believe potentially would move over to play left field in a 20-, 30-game situation. Use the DH role strategically, play different matchups that give certain guys days off depending upon the matchups,'' new manager Aaron Boone said. “So I do feel like it's a really good problem that we have.''
As for Judge, Stanton and Sanchez, all right-handed hitters, batting in a row, Boone said it can be done.
“Absolutely you can. That will be one of those things that we flesh out. What's Greg Bird's continued development? What is the matchup? Do we feel like we want one of those lefties breaking those three guys up?” Boone said. “It's something that is a possibility, but I would have no reservation if we feel like it's best to string those three dudes together.''
The personal finance website, WalletHub, ranked Nevada as the third most fun state to visit in its 2018 report.
To rank each state, WalletHub compared cost-effective options for entertainment, as well as a state's variety of entertainment.
When cross-referenced with other states, Nevada ranked first in casinos per capita and third for arts, entertainment, and recreational spots.
The Silver State also placed eighth in performing arts theaters per capita, twenty-fifth in access to national parks and thirtieth in amusement parks per capita.
California came in first place as the most fun state to visit.
New York was placed second.
West Virginia placed last.
Copyright 2018 KVVU (KVVU Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved.
A day after Easter, there was a miracle on Broadway.
Andy Karl, the star of the new musical “Groundhog Day” opened his show Monday night, donning a black knee brace, but showing nearly no other signs of wear and tear.
During curtain call, the actor swatted away his castmates' demands he take a third bow — but he soon relented, punching the air in victory, tears in his eyes.
But his big night almost didn't happen.
Karl suffered a gnarly knee injury during the Friday performance, just three days before the musical was set to open. As a result, the Saturday matinee was cancelled, and his understudy, Andrew Call, went on during the evening.
Critics and reporters' tickets were rescheduled, and it felt like Punxsutawney Phil had seen his dreaded shadow.
But on opening night, Karl took the stage to a Halleluja chorus of applause and cheers that continued long enough and loud enough that he had to shut it down. His performance — a suave, comic wonder — wasn't bogged down with wincing or a limp, as many had expected. Rather, he bounded around the stage, exuding the same charisma and golden voice he's become famous for on Broadway.
The actor's resume, funnily enough, is checkered with physically grueling parts. He picked up Kristin Chenoweth like a barbell in “On The Twentieth Century,” and duked it out nightly in the boxing ring with Apollo Creed as the title character in “Rocky.” But it was songwriter Tim Minchin's deliriously zany, yet touching show that really tested the hunky actor's mettle.
Based on the Harold Ramis-directed 1993 comedy movie, which starred Bill Murray, “Groundhog Day” the musical's leading man is mysteriously forced to relive the same blasted holiday over and over again, much to his chagrin, and eventually to his merit.
The producers of “Groundhog Day” must be relieved a new day came for their star.
Hundreds of HP Laptops, Tablets Found with Pre-Installed Keylogger
A security researcher has found that hundreds of different models of HP notebooks, tablets and other devices include a keylogger that could track and record every keystroke a user makes. Linked to touchpad drivers made by Synaptics, the keylogger is disabled by default and can be fixed with security patches released by HP last month.
The keylogger was discovered by security researcher Michael Myng, who publicly disclosed his findings in a blog post Thursday. In his post, Myng said that he messaged HP about his discovery and the company responded quickly by confirming the issue and releasing a software update to resolve the problem.
HP said neither it nor Synaptics "has access to customer data as a result of this issue." However, after a registry change, the keylogger could enable a malicious actor to monitor a user's keyboard activity.
More than 450 Affected Devices
Writing under the handle "ZwClose," Myng said he discovered the keylogger after an associate asked whether he could find a way to control the keyboard backlighting on an HP laptop. When he opened the keyboard driver SynTP.sys, Myng said he noticed "a few interesting strings," in particular, one that looked like a format string for a keylogger.
"I messaged HP about the finding," Myng said. "They replied terrificly [sic] fast, confirmed the presence of the keylogger (which actually was a debug trace) and released an update that removes the trace."
In a Nov. 7 security update, HP provided links to software patches for more than 450 products, including multiple models of the HP Notebook, HP EliteBook, HP Mobile Thin Client, HP ProBook, HP Spectre Pro and HP ZBook Mobile Workstation. The company said that affected users should install the appropriate update for their devices as soon as possible.
Second Keylogger Issue this Year
"A potential security vulnerability has been identified with certain versions of Synaptics touchpad drivers that impacts all Synaptics OEM partners," HP said in last month's security bulletin. "A party would need administrative privileges in order to take advantage of the vulnerability."
This isn't the first time such an issue has affected HP devices. In May, researchers with Switzerland-based security company Modzero reported finding a keylogging vulnerability in the Conexant audio drivers in HP laptops.
That problem, like the one reported by Myng, was blamed on debugging code that had been inadvertently left by developers. It also affected numerous models, including HP EliteBooks, ProBooks, and ZBooks.
In a statement acknowledging the May keylogger discovery, HP said it had "no access to customer data as a result of this issue. Our supplier partner developed software to test audio functionality prior to product launch and it should not have been included in the final shipped version."
Image credit: iStock.
TAMPA, Florida (WFLA) – Do you have an attic, garage or spare closet packed with old Christmas decorations that you're ashamed for Santa to see? With a few tweaks, you can take your old wreaths from drab to fab with a little rehab.
The owners of The Hen House in Carrollwood explain it's easy, and inexpensive, to up-cycle a wreath.
First, trim off outdated bows and other adornments, salvaging what you can.
Next, give the wreath a good fluff and clean off any dust by dunking the wreath in a tub of water with a little Dawn dish detergent, or spray it down with a leaf-shine product for artificial plants.
Then, create an elegant bow using wired ribbon, folded into loops and secured with wire. The experts at The Hen House suggest buying spools of ribbon from Costco or Sam's Club, rather than a craft store, to save money.
Finish your wreath with ornaments from a dollar store, or those you already have on hand. The ornaments can be easily attached using pipe cleaners.
The entire project takes under 30 minutes to complete, and can be done for under $10.
If you want to try out a wreath rehab, but are nervous about going it alone, The Hen House is hosting a wreath rehab workshop on Friday, December 15, from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. You can learn more at http://www.thehh.com/.
We value our content and our journalists, so to get full access to all your local news updated 7-days-a-week – PLUS an e-edition of the Argyllshire Advertiser – subscribe today for as little as 56 pence per week.
Two Lochgilphead High School pupils have joined forces with the fire service to host a stem cell recruitment drive.
John Sweeney from the Scottish Fire and Rescue Service and S6 pupils Romy MacPherson and Alix Nelson hosted a presentation on blood cancer charity Anthony Nolan and how those aged 16 and over can sign up to the register.
Alix is the cousin of Joanna MacVicar who sadly died after being unable to find a stem cell match.
Anyone aged 16 to 30 can go along to Lochgilphead Joint Campus on Wednesday March 21 to sign up to the Anthony Nolan register.
They will be greeted by Laura Campbell who has fought cancer three times and received a stem cell transplant in October 2016.
John Sweeney, watch manager at Oban Community Fire Station, said: ‘The register has had a high profile in the town through the work carried out by the late Johanna MacVicar, who spearheaded a recruitment campaign after being diagnosed with leukaemia.
‘Johanna sadly passed away before her match could be found. It wasn't because that person wasn't out there, they just weren't on the register.
‘I'd like to thank Lochgilphead High School and Craig Lemmon from the school for their continued support for the partnership.
‘The enthusiasm of the staff and pupils is fantastic and I'd especially like to thank Alix Nelson and Romy MacPherson for the efforts they have put into organising the event. Hopefully someone from the school can go on to be a potentially lifesaving donor to someone suffering from blood cancer.
‘It's a very simple, ten minute process to join the register.'
Anyone interested should go along to the school between 10am and 1pm on Wednesday March 21.
South African tax agency commissioner Tom Moyane was suspended and will face disciplinary proceedings as newly elected President Cyril Ramaphosa's administration moved to restore trust in the institution.
Ramaphosa has replaced Jacob Zuma appointees in the government since taking over the presidency last month after his predecessor was forced to step down by the ruling party. He has also removed boards of state companies as he seeks to boost investor confidence after years of weak economic growth.
The decision on Monday followed a meeting between Moyane and Ramaphosa during which the head of the South African Revenue Service refused a request to resign, the Presidency said in a statement. Ramaphosa said in a letter to Moyane that under his leadership there had been a deterioration in public confidence in the agency and that public finances had been “compromised.”
“For the sake of the country and the economy, this situation cannot be allowed to continue, or to worsen,” the president said in the letter.
Court Interdict
Moyane threatened to seek a court interdict to stop plans to remove him from his position, according to two people familiar with the matter.
Public Enterprises Minister Pravin Gordhan, who previously clashed with Moyane while he was finance minister, said in a wide-ranging interview last week that the revenue service's leadership has “lost all credibility.”
The government agreed to probe under-collection by the nation's tax service in November after the National Treasury forecast a revenue shortfall of about 50 billion rand ($4.2 billion) this fiscal year.
Moyane faced criticism from lawmakers for his handling of an investigation into accusations his former deputy Jonas Makwakwa and his partner received 1.2 million rand in suspicious payments, and allegations of mismanaging tax refunds. Moyane has denied wrongdoing.
“President Ramaphosa indicated that as SARS Commissioner, Mr Moyane holds a high position of trust in the management of the country's public finances,” the Presidency said. “It was therefore necessary to act urgently and immediately to protect the institution and place it on a path to stability and recovery.”
Sgt. Duane Downing is in serious but stable condition after being struck by a vehicle on May 21, 2018, according to the sheriff's office. (Source: NCSO)
A Nye County sheriff's deputy was seriously injured when he was struck by a car while responding to a vehicle fire on a highway in Tonopah.
Nye County Sgt. Adam Tippets said Sgt. Duane Downing was in serious but stable condition Tuesday at University Medical Center in Las Vegas.
He says Downing was knocked unconscious when he was hit by a vehicle at about 9:30 p.m. Monday while on the scene of the vehicle fire near the intersection of U.S. Highways 95 and 6 in Tonopah about 200 miles (320 kilometers) northwest of Las Vegas.
Tippets says Downing was breathing on his own when he was taken by ambulance to a local hospital and later flown by helicopter to the hospital in Las Vegas.
No one else was hurt.
The Nevada Highway Patrol is investigating the accident.
Copyright 2018 Associated Press. All rights reserved.
A stunt woman has died following a motorcycle accident on the set of Deadpool 2 in downtown Vancouver.
The accident occurred just after 8 a.m. on Monday.
Witnesses say the woman was filming a stunt when she lost control of her bike, jumped a curb and crashed into Shaw Tower across from Canada Place.
She was treated by ambulance personnel but police say she died at the scene.
A motorcycle remains on the ground in front of a shattered-out glass window at the back of Shaw Tower. Vancouver police have taped off the area.
WorkSafeBC says the accident is under investigation.
Deadpool 2, the sequel the 2016 Marvel Comics blockbuster starring Vancouver actor Ryan Reynolds, has been shooting in Vancouver since June 26. The film crew closed down downtown streets last week to film sequences involving motorcycles and scooters.
Stunt gone wrong at Canada place. Motorcycle stunt driver went into Starbucks. Non responsive. @WhatsFilming pic.twitter.com/TaB4yThBOh — JerFree (@jerfree) August 14, 2017
Domino, a female character played by actress Zazie Beetz, was spotted riding a black Ducati motorcycle down Hastings Street. It was the same model of motorcycle involved in Monday's accident.
Jason Cameron, a business agent with the Union of B.C. Performers said it's not known if the stunt woman was one of their members.
The UBCP represents 6,000 people who work as actors, stunt performers, singers, and voice actors.
“We're waiting for more information to come in. We would have had members on set,” said Cameron.
He said a union representative headed out to to the set after hearing news of the accident. Trauma counselling will be available, he said.
Cameron said despite today's tragic accident, performing stunts is very safe.
“The nature of stunt performing is it is very dangerous but we are also talking about skilled and trained stunt performers who perform these very dangerous stunts in a safe way,” he said.
“These very complicated sequences and stunts happen on film sets all the time. (Accidents are) pretty rare considering how often stunts like this are performed. It's exceedingly rare which is a test to the skill level.”
Cameron said Deadpool 2 is a “stunt-heavy” production.
This 32-ton British tank is touted as the “Swiss Army Knife” of combat vehicles, sporting every attachment under the sun — except maybe a toothpick and tweezers. The Terrier tank...
For already embattled defense contractors, shrinking their business is turning out to be mission impossible. BAE Systems recently ended the auction for one of its American divisions — which supplies...
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) – State health officials say sexually transmitted diseases continue to rise in Minnesota, with record numbers of chlamydia and hepatitis C cases reported last year.
The Minnesota Department of Health says that new statistics from 2017 show a general increase in STD cases, while HIV numbers were slightly down and disparities between groups persisted.
“Communities of color, men who have sex with men and people who inject drugs continue to have higher rates of STDs, HIV and hepatitis C,” Commissioner of Health Jan Malcolm said, in a statement.
Chlamydia was the No. 1 reported STD in Minnesota, with a record number of 23,528 cases reported last year, a 4-percent increase over 2016.
Increases were also seen in the number of gonorrhea and syphilis cases, which were up 28 percent and 10 percent, respectively.
The number of chlamydia, gonorrhea and syphilis cases combined were up 8 percent last year over 2016, which also saw a spike in those STDs.
As for HIV, there were 284 cases reported in 2017, slightly down from 290 cases in 2016. In the last five years, there's been an average of 300 new HIV cases per year.
Of the 2017 HIV cases, men accounted for 74 percent of them, with men of color and those having male-to-male sex making up a significant percentage.
Record numbers were also seen for hepatitis C cases last year. The number of resolved cases reached a new high (2,982), as did the number of acute cases (59).
Health officials say that sexually transmitted diseases are highly preventable and urge the public – especially those who are sexually active and injecting drugs – to undergo an STD test at least once a year.
The organization currently has 14 open cabinet vacancies to fill. Eligible women must be between the ages of 16 and 24. Dayton and Lt. Gov. Tina Smith are especially encouraging women from underrepresented communities to apply.
"This is important: young women of color, American Indian young women, young women with disabilities, young women from greater Minnesota, and youth who identify as LGBTQ today face an opportunity gap," Smith said in a press release. " I invite young women from these communities to join the Young Women's Initiative cabinet and help us close those gaps for all women in Minnesota."
Launched last year, the initiative is a first-of-its-kind partnership between the Office of the Governor and Lt. Governor and the Women's Foundation of Minnesota to improve outcomes for young women in Minnesota. The initiative brings together nonprofits, businesses, government, philanthropies, and young women to achieve equity in opportunities.
For an application, go to the website of the Office of the Governor and Lt. Governor. Applications will be accepted through Aug. 22.
With the epic failures of Android lines such as the Galaxy, it seemed like the path was clear for the iPhone to re-establish its dominance over the smartphone industry. But when Google announced it was releasing its Pixel smartphone, consumers deci...
Debt would be repaid in annual instalments of $140 million
Zimbabwe may start a sovereign wealth fund or issue an export-related bond after elections that are slated for July, Deputy Finance Minister Terence Mukupe told the southern African nation's state-broadcaster Tuesday.
The indebted nation, which saw its economy halve between 2000 and 2013, is struggling to access cash to revive ailing industries and rebuild aging infrastructure.
“Post-election, we should be able to put in place a sovereign wealth fund or an export-related bond and we think we should be able to raise between $2.5 billion and $3.5 billion anchored on trade receivables,” Mukupe told the Zimbabwe Broadcasting Corp.
The bonds would be repaid in annual installments of $140 million to$150 million, Mukupe said. Calls to his mobile phone for additional comment weren't answered.
For First Time, LGBT Pride Flag to Fly Permanently On Federal Land
Jackie Chan's Daughter Comes Out as Gay
Seth Meyers examined the tenuous relationship between Donald Trump and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson following the report that Tillerson called Trump a “moron” which prompted a rare public statement from the nation's top envoy.
Said Meyers:
“Man, to think a guy's a moron and then be forced to publicly say he's smart. I guess when your name is Rex, you're going to be good at rolling over…Good boy, Rex, good boy!””
Meyers also looked at how Trump recently undermined Tillerson on North Korea, telling him not to waste his energy negotiating.
Quipped Meyers:
“I wouldn't be too concerned that Rex Tillerson is expending a lot of energy. He looks like the guy sitting in a rocking chair outside the corner store who says ‘storm's a comin' I can feel it in my knee.'”
Watch:
A U.S. soldier who was missing after an ambush by militants in Niger has been found dead, according to defense officials.
The attack killed three U.S. soldiers from the 3rd Special Forces Group and four soldiers from Niger, one of whom was serving as an interpreter. Two other American soldiers were wounded and evacuated to Landstuhl.
"The body of another U.S. Service member has been recovered from the area of attack bringing the number of U.S. service members killed in this attack to four," said Col. Rob Manning, spokesperson for the Defense Secretary. "Our thoughts and prayers are with the family members of the deceased. We will share more information as it becomes available related to this attack."
A senior U.S. official said the missing soldier did activate his military beacon and the U.S. military was able to track him for a time before the signal faded.
One official said a 12-man team of U.S. soldiers from the Army's 3rd Special Forces Group was operating with approximately 30 Forces Armees Nigeriennes (FAN) on a train and advise mission near Tongo Tongo, Niger, just miles from the Mali border. Militants, both Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM) and ISIS, have been using a nearby route to travel back and forth into Mali and back to a base camp in Niger and traffic in black market merchandise, the official said. The partner forces were working to disrupt the so-called rat line and interdict the militants.
Nigerien service members reacting to contact during Exercise Flintlock 2017 in Diffa, Niger, on March 3, 2017. US Army/SPC. Zayid Ballesteros via EPA file
While out scouting the route, the group came under attack from more than 40 enemy fighters, firing from numerous directions with small arms, the official said. The U.S. and Niger soldiers scattered to take cover. Once the scene was clear, the U.S. troops realized one of their own was missing, an official said. The U.S. began an extensive search and rescue operation, ending when the troops found the body of their fellow soldier on Friday. Officials would not say how he died.
On Friday the Pentagon identified the three Special Forces soldiers killed in the initial ambush as Staff Sgt. Bryan Black, Staff Sgt. Jeremiah Johnson, and Staff Sgt. Dustin Wright.
A U.S. military official said the U.S. military has been operating in that area to help the local forces fight terrorism and to disrupt these rat lines. "This is about black market resources which terrorists use to gain revenue that helps them recruit, expand and export attacks," the official said.
Niger and Mali serve as bridges between north and south Africa. ISIS has been attempting to mine gold in Niger to sell on the black market and finance world terrorism, the official said, adding that ISIS uses these North South transit routes to go north for easier access to Europe and the West.
Sierra Leone Telegraph: 30 May 2018:
President Julius Maada Bio of Sierra Leone arrived today in Nigeria for two days of talks with the country's President Muhammadu Buhari, aimed at strengthening bilateral ties between the two sister countries.
According to State House report in Freetown, speaking at their meeting in the Presidential Villa, President Buhari said that he shared many things in common with President Bio, adding that, they are both retired generals, former military heads of state and now democratically elected Presidents.
President Buhari also spoke about the strong bilateral relations between Sierra Leone and Nigeria, and promised President Bio that he will continue to strengthen those ties.
On security, President Buhari spoke about the critical importance of stability in the two countries and also at the regional level. He said that Nigeria will spare no effort to ensure that the two countries continue to be stable.
In response, President Bio said that his visit was not only aimed at strengthening bilateral ties between the two countries, but also to express gratitude to the Government and people of Nigeria for all the assistance and support Sierra Leone has received from Nigeria.
President Bio told Buhari that Nigeria and Sierra Leone have a long history and share common values. He expressed his deepest gratitude on behalf of the people of Sierra Leone for the role Nigeria played in bringing Sierra Leone's civil war to an end, as well as the support received from Nigeria during the post-conflict reconstruction.
After a closed-door meeting with President Buhari, President Bio addressed the Press. He spoke about the priorities of his new Government, which include free education and diversification of the economy.
Earlier, President Bio was given a warm welcome at the Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport in Abuja, where he was given a presidential guard of honour and received by the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, Geoffrey Jideofor Kwusike Onyeama.
Share this: Tumblr
Email
Print
Google
Reddit
LinkedIn
Twitter
WhatsApp
More
Pinterest
Facebook
The Ice Flyers Josh Cousineau scored the team's first goal Monday night, then assisted on the second goal in Pensacola's 5-3 win against the Knoxville Ice Bears at the Bay Center. (Photo: Jody Link/online@PNJ.com)
The Pensacola Ice Flyers ended their altered weekend by extending their winning streak.
Six different players scored and goaltender Gordon Defiel won his fourth game in as many starts Monday night in the Ice Flyers 6-3 victory against the Knoxville Ice Bears at the Bay Center.
The win was the Ice Flyers fifth consecutive victory and pushed them past Peoria into first place in the Southern Professional Hockey League standings with a 12-4 record.
Monday's game was forced to be rescheduled from Friday due to the President Donald Trump's rally at the Bay Center that night.
While the crowd (2,013) was drastically reduced a Friday turnout, the Ice Flyers got the two points they sought and swept a three-game weekend. They beat the Birmingham Bulls 2-1 Sunday on the road.
The Ice Flyers scored a pair of goals in each period. Cousineau started the spree with his goal midway through the first period on an assist from defenseman Anthony Calabrese.
After Knoxville tied the game 13 seconds later, the Ice Flyers Brian Morgan scored a shorthanded goal with 3:33 left in the first period for a 2-1 lead at intermission.
The ice Flyers Eli Lichtenwald pused the lead to 3-1 with his goal four minutes into the second period. Robert Lepine's power play goal at 10:58 gave the Ice Flyers at 4-2 lead.
In the final period, defense ruled until Jessyko Bernard's goal with 1:36 left was followed by Mark Bennett's empty net goal with 38 seconds left for the final margin.
The Ice Flyers will play their final home game before Christmas on Friday at 7 p.m.against the Evansville (Ind.) Thunderbolts.
Earlier Monday, the Ice Flyers announced that veteran winger Trever Hertz, who has played in all 16 games this year, was the team's new captain.
What's Next?
Who: Evansville Thunderbolts vs. Ice Flyers
When: Friday, 7:05 p.m,
Where: Pensacola Bay Center.
Radio: WPNN (103.7 FM).
Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world.
Julie Fincher (right), marketing manager for the Tennessee Good Old Days website, presents Teresa Rachels (left) of Dresden with a certificate of appreciation for being the overall statewide winner in the Beautiful Tennessee Fall Series photographic competition.
Photographer Teresa Rachels of Dresden, whose photographic submissions were featured in the “Beautiful Tennessee Fall Series” on the Tennessee Good Old Days website, received a certificate of appreciation on Wednesday, Nov. 29, for her entries. The award was presented at the Gov. Ned Ray McWherter Weakley County Library and Museum in Dresden by Julie Fincher, marketing manager for Tennessee Good Old Days.
Rachels had the best overall photographic entries out of the 49 participating counties of the Grand Division of Tennessee, according to Fincher.
(See compete story in Dec. 6th issue of the Dresden Enterprise.)
The earlier map has been a campaign winner for Republicans, leading them to a 13-5 edge in the state's congressional delegation for all three elections in which it was used.
Before the new map, Democrats in Pennsylvania were looking to pick up two to three seats on a good night. With the new maps, Democrats have a shot at five to six seats.
And with Democrats needing to pick up 23 seats to win back the House, those extra districts are a big deal.
The three-judge panel issued its decision with just one day left for the state's congressional candidates to circulate petitions to get on the May 15 primary ballot. It said it had no authority to act in the matter except to dismiss the case.
"The plaintiffs invite us to opine on the appropriate balance of power between the Commonwealth's legislature and judiciary in redistricting matters, and then to pass judgment on the propriety of the Pennsylvania Supreme Court's actions under the United States Constitution," the judges wrote. "These are things that, on the present record, we cannot do."
Democratic Gov. Tom Wolf called the ruling the right decision and said it will let the state move ahead with a fair map.
The Democratic majority on the state Supreme Court had ruled in January that a map Republicans crafted in 2011 amounted to an unconstitutional gerrymander.
After Wolf and lawmakers in the GOP-controlled General Assembly did not produce a replacement, the court enacted its own map last month and gave candidates extra time for petition gathering.
Monday's decision comes in a federal case brought a month ago by eight sitting Republican congressmen and two GOP state senators. They argued the state justices infringed on the Legislature's prerogative and did not give lawmakers enough time to come up with a replacement.
The panel said the senators have only two votes in their chamber, calling that "inadequate as a matter of law to allow a lawsuit premised on an institutional injury to the General Assembly." The eight Republican congressmen, the judges wrote, may have wasted resources campaigning in their old districts, but they cannot prove that was caused by a violation of the U.S. Constitution's Elections Clause.
NASHVILLE, Tenn. — Alain Vigneault didn't use the word concussion, but he didn't need to.
The Rangers coach made it pretty clear what was likely wrong with Marc Staal and Jimmy Vesey, his two players who were both forced from the team's 5-2 loss to the Predators on Saturday night with separate unpenalized hits to the head.
“They both took shots to the head, so they were held off,” Vigneault said. “We'll know more [Sunday].”
Staal, the defenseman with a long history of concussions, was plowed head-first into the boards by Predators defenseman Alexei Emelin with 11:12 remaining in the second period. He rose relatively quickly but went straight to the locker room and did not return.
Less than a minute later, Vesey took an elbow to the face from Nashville forward Filip Forsberg, leaving him with a mouthful of blood. Vesey did return for one shift, but didn't play the final 7:19 of the period and didn't come out for the start of the third.
The Rangers were carrying just 12 healthy forwards, so they are likely to call someone up from AHL Hartford for the second game of this two-game road trip coming Monday night in Dallas.
Candidates include winger Vinni Lettieri, who played 10 games with the club before he wasn't recalled after the All-Star break and who scored a goal in the Wolf Pack's 3-1 win over Providence on Saturday in Connecticut. Center Boo Nieves played 28 games with the Rangers earlier this season, while both first-round picks, Lias Andersson and Filip Chytil, are both down there, as well.
If Staal can't play on Monday, then it's likely Steven Kampfer would draw in after he has been a healthy scratch for five straight and 22 of the past 27.
There was no update on the status on Pavel Buchnevich, who is out indefinitely with a concussion after he took an inadvertent elbow to the jaw from Toronto defenseman Jake Gardiner on Thursday.
“There was no doubt that Butchie was playing some good hockey for us,” Vigneault said. “But at the end of the day, all teams go through this. Like everyone says, this is an opportunity for somebody else to have a bigger role and more ice time and to grab the occasion in front of them.”
Forward Cody McLeod played his second game as a Ranger, facing off against a Predators team that put him on waivers last week after he was with them for their run to the Stanley Cup final this past season. There was a first-period video tribute to McLeod's short time here in Nashville.
In McLeod's first game on Thursday, he had a game-high eight hits. He followed that up with four hits against the Predators in 12:04 of ice time. He tried to goad Ryan Ellis into a fight in the second period, but never could find a willing combatant.
iStock/Thinkstock(WASHINGTON) — An Iranian Navy vessel trained a laser at a U.S. military helicopter as it accompanied three U.S. Navy ships moving through the Strait of Hormuz early Wednesday morning, in an incident the U.S. Navy has characterized as “unsafe” and “unprofessional.”
“Three U.S. Naval ships and a U.S. Marine Corps helicopter had an unsafe and unprofessional interaction with an Iranian Navy vessel while transiting the international waters of the Strait of Hormuz, June 13,” said Commander William Urban, a spokesman for the U.S. Navy's Fifth Fleet.
The Strait of Hormuz is the vital narrow body of water that separates the Persian Gulf and the Gulf of Oman.
“The amphibious assault ship USS Bataan (LHD 5), guided-missile destroyer USS Cole (DDG 67) and dry-cargo ship USNS Washington Chambers (T-AKE-11) were transiting the strait when the Iranian vessel paralleled the U.S. formation, shining a spotlight on Cole,” Urban said.
“Shortly thereafter, the Iranian vessel trained a laser on a CH-53E helicopter that accompanied the formation,” Urban said. “The Iranian vessel then proceeded to turn its spotlight on Bataan, scanning the ship from bow to stern and stern to bow before heading outbound from the formation.”
The closest the Iranian vessel got to the American ships was 800 yards.
Urban explained that “illuminating helicopters with lasers at night is dangerous, as it creates a navigational hazard that can impair vision and can be disorienting to pilots using night vision goggles.”
The laser targeting led the Marine helicopter to automatically discharge flares as a defensive measure, according to a U.S. official.
U.S. Navy vessels routinely have encounters with small Iranian craft as they transit through the Strait of Hormuz.
Copyright © 2017, ABC Radio. All rights reserved.
CONCORD, N.C. — Dale Earnhardt Jr.'s final weekend as a full-time driver at Charlotte Motor Speedway got off to a rough start when he crashed moments into Friday's opening practice.
Earnhardt drove into the high line of the track and slipped in the grippy substance Charlotte officials had used on the surface. It caused him to hit the wall and his Hendrick Motorsports team had to pull out his backup car.
Earnhardt wasn't very happy about his misfortune and felt the substance — known as PJ1 — was too slick.
He had to make a quick visit to the care centre before he was cleared to return to practice.
Earnhardt is retiring at the end of the season, in part because of multiple concussions he's received while racing.
——
More AP Auto Racing: http://racing.ap.org/
John Essey and family live in a modest, two-story home on a tree-lined street in the suburbs north of Pittsburgh. From the outside, it looks like any other house in the neighborhood, but this house has a brain.
"It knows we're home. Doors unlock, [it] kinda sets the mood for the rest of the house too, turns on lights, sets the thermostat accordingly," Essey says.
Essey is an engineer at Uber and an early adopter of the Internet of things. He can control his lights with his Amazon Echo or an array of touchpad sensors he's installed throughout the home. Sensors tell him when there's water in the basement or a leak under the sink.
While Essey's setup might sound a little like science fiction it's a prototype of the future. Some critics are worried these devices won't be secure and that companies will use them to spy on us to make money.
Gierad Laput, a Ph.D. student at Carnegie Mellon University, says as the Internet of things becomes more engrained in our daily lives, there are a couple of ways people are turning ordinary homes into smart homes.
"One way is basically to buy all the appliances, smart oven, smart dishwasher, smart microwave, smart toaster, all these things," Laput says.
But that stuff is really expensive. Smart refrigerators can cost $3,000 or more. And Laput said those devices don't always talk to each other, especially if they're made by different manufacturers.
The other way is to get sensors, and put them on everything you want to monitor.
"But then those get really unwieldy and you've got all these things sticking around and they look ugly and socially obtrusive," Laput says.
So Laput and his team wanted to see if they could build just one sensor that could monitor a whole range of activity in a room. And they did. It doesn't look like much; just a little 2-inch-square circuit board that plugs into the wall. The board senses about a dozen different facets of its environment: vibrations, sounds, light color and so on. The sensor communicates wirelessly with a computer, which interprets everything it picks up.
Laput demonstrated how the sensor works by turning on a blender. Almost immediately, a text box saying "blender running" popped up on a computer screen along with a purple squiggly line representing the blender's vibration.
Laput turned on a light, and the screen said, "light on."
Laput says he imagines both domestic and commercial applications for such a sensor. It could tell you that you left your stove on or that you're almost out of paper towels in the bathroom at the restaurant you own.
But critics say there's a catch.
"Surveillance is now the business model of the Internet. Companies make money spying on you," says Bruce Schneier, an Internet security expert and the chief technology officer at IBM's cybersecurity arm. "When the app says I can detect when you're out of paper towels, they're not doing it for your best interest, they're doing it because they want to sell you paper towels."
Schneier pointed to Roomba, the little automated vacuum from iRobot. The company's CEO said last month that the device could soon start mapping your home, raising concerns that that data could be sold for a profit. The company swiftly clarified that it would only collect and share data if customers consented.
But on top of the issue of surveillance, Schneier says makers of Internet-of-things devices just aren't prioritizing security.
"We're building a world-sized robot without even realizing it," he says.
That robot has eyes and ears that collect data, brains that process it and arms and legs that take action in the real world.
But arms and legs can kick and punch, and more eyes and ears — like Laput's sensor — could make those kicks and punches both more accurate and more devastating.
Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings. SUBSCRIBE
- Advertisement -
The latest effort to come up with a male birth control pill has found a formulation that appears to be safe.
But the experimental pill has at least one of the same problems that plague female birth control pills: it caused the men to gain weight. It's also not yet clear how well it works.
Even though the researchers said they were “very excited” by the results, they haven't been testing it long enough to show whether it decreases sperm production, and they haven't shown whether it stops couples from conceiving.
Nonetheless, it may be the best hope yet for a non-permanent male contraceptive, said Stephanie Page of the University of Washington School of Medicine.
“Our last great advance in male contraception was 300 years ago with the development of the condom,” Page told a news conference.
The pill Page's team tested is called dimethandrolone undecanoate (DMAU) and it‘s tweaked version of previous failed efforts to develop a male pill. It is being developed with funding from the National Institutes of Health.
Related
The last big hope for a male birth control pill fell apart in 2016 when the drug was shown to damage the liver. It also required two doses a day.”It's hard enough to remember to take a pill once a day,” Page said.
Her team tested 100 male volunteers and came up with good results from 82 of them. Some got sugar pills and the rest got varying doses of DMAU.
“Individuals on all the doses had remarkably low testosterone levels,” Page said. And the levels recovered within days of stopping the pills, the team told a meeting in Chicago of the Endocrine Society.
Related: Cancer drug affects sperm count
More importantly, there were no major side-effects. “Despite testosterone levels that were very low, the men had no symptoms,” Page said. “No hot flashes — the men had normal moods,” she added.
“We did see some mild weight gain and a little bit of a change in cholesterol levels,” she added. The men gained between 3 and 9 pounds, and their HDL or “good” cholesterol levels fell slightly, something that might, over time, raise heart disease risk.
Plus the pills must be taken with food or they won't work.
The next step is to see if the pills decrease sperm production. The team is starting that trial now that they've shown the drug is safe in the short term. Then they'll have to test it in men who are married or in other long-term relationships with women.
“Our last great advance in male contraception was 300 years ago with the development of the condom.” “Our last great advance in male contraception was 300 years ago with the development of the condom.”
DMAU works by interrupting the signal between the brain and the testicles, Page said. “Testosterone production is blocked and therefore sperm are not able to finish their last stages of maturation,” she said.
One big question has always been whether men would actually take a birth control pill reliably, since they're not the ones who bear the burden of pregnancy.
“We're often asked if there was a contraceptive if men would be interested in using it,” Page said.
“There has been very nice work in this area demonstrating that men across the globe — various races, ethnicities and across socioeconomic groups — are actually very interested in contraception,” she added. “And 60 to 80 percent of men surveyed in such studies say if there was a reversible contraceptive available, they would be very interested in using it.”
It will be all eyes on Melrosian elect Russell Mackay as the town's festivities begin this Sunday with a wreath-laying ceremony at the war memorial at 10.45am.
That will be followed by the kirkin' of the Melrosian in the parish church at 11am and football and netball competitions at Gibson Park at 1.30pm.
The Melrose Festival Queen Ilona Cockburn with her court.
On Monday, a rideout leaves the Greenyards Triangle at 6pm. The day's concluding ceremonies take place in Market Square at 9.30pm.
On Tuesday, there is a fancy-dress parade assembling at 6.15pm in Gibson Park, with a disco in Melrose RFC clubrooms afterwards, then on Wednesday, the cycle ride leaves Gibson Park at 6.30pm and arrives for a family barbecue at Annay Road at 8pm.
Thursday sees the ceremonies start at 7pm, with the installation of the Melrosian and crowning of the festival queen in Melrose Abbey, or in the parish church if wet.
The next day, the Melrosian visits care homes, schools, nurseries and hospitals, followed by a ball at Annay Road Rugby Ground at 8pm.
The festival concludes on Saturday. A tour of ceremonies begins in Market Square at 8.50am, with visits to Newstead, Trimontium, Gattonside, Abbotsford, Darnick Tower and then the abbey.
The sports start in Gibson Park at 2.30pm, and Melrose and District Pipe Band will play in Market Square at 7pm, followed by a festival dinner in Melrose Rugby Club at 8pm.
Internet and technology stocks were very good to investors in 2017, driving the overall market's move to repeated records, but will 2018 see a repeat of that performance, or will they succumb to the repeated calls that they're sharply overvalued?
According to one investment bank, the answer is likely somewhere in-between those extreme outcomes.
The so-called FAANG group of stocks—which refers to Facebook FB, +0.02% Apple AAPL, +1.95% Amazon AMZN, +0.60% Netflix NFLX, -1.23% and Google-parent Alphabet GOOGL, +0.25% have been among the biggest gainers of the year. All five have easily outperformed the market this year as investors paid up for their high levels of growth.
The scale of the rally—Facebook, Amazon, and Netflix are all up more than 50%, compared with the S&P 500's SPX, +0.32% 18.7% rise—has led to claims that the move was overdone, especially given signs of overvaluation. Netflix, for example, has a price-to-earnings ratio of 189.52, compared with the 22.58 ratio of the overall S&P.
The FAANG stocks weren't just market leaders in 2017, they accounted for a sizable portion of Wall Street's overall move higher. The five largest S&P 500 components (which include all the FAANG stocks, with Microsoft MSFT, +1.27% subbing in for Netflix), drove about 27.5% of the S&P's market capitalization growth in the year, “the third-highest level of concentration during bull markets in the last twenty years,” according to Morgan Stanley. Only 2004 and 1999 had higher concentrations.
Purely on the basis of stock-price moves, it is rare for one year's leader to hold its top position for another year. “Leaders in 1999, 2000, 2001, and 2007 were particularly pressured indicating trouble sustaining momentum within the group during large market swings,” Morgan Stanley wrote.
The investment bank is still positive on the group, writing that “fundamentally” it rated FAANG stocks with an overweight rating, noting they all enjoyed “substantial competitive moats” that could help them maintain their edge. “However, macro factors raise some yellow flags.”
Read more about growth strategies outperforming value ones in 2017
The firm, led by equity analyst Benjamin Swinburne, added that “while we believe that fundamental drivers for these stocks remain intact, history indicates returns may moderate their pace and we question whether growth over value can continue to be as meaningful a driver of returns.”
The FAANG stocks have rallied at a time when the overall market is seen as stretched. This could mean they are particularly vulnerable to a decline, especially because they are leaders in their respective industries. The investment bank noted that they are “too big not to feel a consumer recession,” should one arise in 2018. In part because of this issue, portfolio managers cut their exposure to the group in the third quarter.
“Our fundamental analysts covering the FAANG stocks remain bullish on their secular growth ability, disruptive capacity, and product cycles,” Morgan Stanley wrote. “We do see the case for a bullish tilt.”
However, it added, “we also think that the group may be less well insulated from cyclical pressures than many investors appreciate, as for all their disruptive potential, fundamentally end markets for these stocks are tied to the cycle via advertising and consumer spending.”
The outlook for these names is so uncertain, and the stocks themselves have been so volatile, that Morgan Stanley sees a wide range of potential outcomes for each. The investment bank's base-case scenario for Amazon, for example, has it growing nearly 10%, the worst base-case scenario of the five. The bull case for the e-retailer, however, has it spiking a little more than 70%—the best performance of the bank's five upbeat outlooks.
Read: Here's how Amazon may be a $1 trillion company in a year
MINNEAPOLIS (WCCO) — Comedian Kevin Hart, in town for Super Bowl festivities, teamed up with a Minnesota Vikings player and two California nonprofits to surprise an Eagan boy and his family.
On the cold Minnesota day, Andrew Rojas's home was filled with warmth.
Lately, Rojas has been spending part of his time away from that home, instead staying at the hospital while fighting cancer.
To his surprise, his once modest bedroom was transformed into an ode to his favorite team and favorite player.
As Rojas and his mother embraced the moment, Hart stood by for another beautifully dramatic entrance.
“I love when I saw you in ‘Jumanji.' It was awesome, I love it,” Rojas said.
Hart did crack some jokes.
“Am I feeling Minnesota Nice? I am feeling Minnesota ice, that's what I'm feeling right now,” he told WCCO.
But he wasn't about to completely steal this show. Rojas's favorite player Harrison Smith also made a surprise appearance to help dedicate the room, which featured Smith as part of a mural.
“Putting a smile on his face, that was the goal,” Hart said. “Mission accomplished, we are happy.”
The boy's mother, Ericka Rojas, said she was in shock.
“I have no words, thank you for doing this,” she said.
Asked how the surprise made him feel, Andrew Rojas said it was “Like two feelings smashed together to make an incredible explosion. Like, hooray my heroes are here.”
Rally Health and Britticares were the two charities that made the day happen. And yet another surprise: they also renovated the family den for Ericka Rojas.
