Gallery
Mercury's Picture Past: February 10
Photograph taken of the western end of the axbridge by-pass, show that the long awaited route is nearly complete. Archant
‘Spring is in the air' became Weston-super-Mare's tourism motto 50 years ago – in February. Here are the Weston Mercury and Somerset Herald headlines from 1967.
Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in.
Technical College catering student tosses a pancake, for Shrove Tuesday, watched by Colin Waterton and Barry Mould. Technical College catering student tosses a pancake, for Shrove Tuesday, watched by Colin Waterton and Barry Mould.
* The Government announced work to build a long-awaited new hospital for Weston would begin in 1969-70.
And Weston MP David Webster was less pleased, however, to discover Weston's operating theatres had been shut for three weeks.
A new machine had been installed in the theatres, but it caused the humidity to rise. This meant there was a risk of the anaesthetics exploding.
Mr Webster said the news was ‘exceedingly alarming'.
* Sweeping changes to Weston's education system were on the way.
Close You currently have JavaScript disabled, functionality will be limited Picture Past: February 10, 1967 Share Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in. Front Page 10th February 1967 Edition. Ads 10th February 1967 Edition. Senior executives of head office, staff, wives and friends at a staff party held at Cleeve Country Club by the Western Counties Region of Robinson Rentals Ltd. The hard work by members of Banwell Youth Club in raising funds and rehearsing for a show to entertain the elderly was more than rewarded by a capacity crowd at the Church Hall, Banwell. Flower girls Cathy Weeks, Anne Colborne, Pat Holland and Hazel Harris. The hard work by members of Banwell Youth Club in raising funds and rehearsing for a show to entertain the elderly was more than rewarded by a capacity crowd at the Church Hall, Banwell. The "stripper" girls Valerie and Margaret Janes and Gillian Harding. The Weston League team before their semi-final encounter with Mid-Somerset in the Mavis Tate cup contest. Technical College catering student tosses a pancake, for Shrove Tuesday, watched by Colin Waterton and Barry Mould. Photograph taken of the western end of the axbridge by-pass, show that the long awaited route is nearly complete. in a scene from Wrington Guide Company's production of Aladdin, presented at Wrington Memorial Hall, Margaret Burton (Widow Twankey) gets on with the laundry assisted by Nicola Johnson (Jasmin) and the two policemen (Marilyn Cox and Gloria Richards). The cast in the finale of the Wrington Guides' production of Aladdin, at Wrington Memorial Hall.
0 1 / 9 Full Screens
Comprehensive schools would replace grammar and secondary modern schools. It would take around seven months to establish the changes.
* ‘Spring is in the air in Weston-super-Mare' was the new motto for tourism publicity.
And temperatures were clearly rising already, as people were reportedly already bathing in the sea.
* Married airmen serving at RAF Locking were going to be moving into new ‘luxury' homes. There were 80 houses in total.
* A Weston pastor strongly opposed the Sunday Entertainment Bill going through Parliament.
The bill aimed to license sport and other entertainment to take place on Sundays. But the pastor said it was good for the whole nation to have a rest.
* Meanwhile, work to create the Axbridge bypass was nearing completion.
(RIYADH, Saudi Arabia) -- Cinemas are set to open in Saudi Arabia in March 2018 for the first time since they were banned in in the early 1980s, according to the Saudi ministe...
Honda will give its strong selling HR-V subcompact crossover some minor updates for the 2018 model. Prices will tick up around $100 for most trims, too.
Some trims of the HR-V will be available in the new color Aegean Blue Metallic. There will also now be wheels with black-painted inserts on the EX and EX-L trims. Other than those minor tweaks, it'll be the same popular model.
The 2018 HR-V comes with a 1.8-liter four-cylinder with 141 horsepower (105 kilowatts) and 127 pound-feet (172 Newton-meters) of torque. Customers can get either a six-speed manual or a CVT. Both front- and all-wheel drive are available.
The HR-V has been success for Honda, including being the best-selling subcompact crossover in the United States. The company has moved 56,407 of them from January through July – a 28.7 percent boost from the same period last year.
In terms of Honda's crossover lineup, the HR-V is actually the weakest seller. In comparison, the CR-V has moved 219,017 units in the same period and 64,230 examples of the Pilot.
Check out the table below to compare the change in prices, including $940 destination, between the 2018 and 2017 model years.
Trim Drivetrain 2018 Price 2017 Price Difference LX 2WD w/ 6MT $20,510 $20,405 $105 LX 2WD w/ CVT $21,310 $21,205 $105 LX AWD w/ CVT $22,610 $22,505 $105 EX 2WD w/ 6MT $22,560 $22,455 $105 EX 2WD w/ CVT $23,360 $23,155 $205 EX AWD w/ CVT $24,660 $24,555 $105 EX-L w/ Navi 2WD w/ CVT $25,980 $25,880 $100 EX-L w/ Navi AWD w/ CVT $27,280 $27,180 $100
Elsewhere in the world, Honda has dressed up the HR-V with stylish parts. In the United Kingdom, the Black Edition gets dark accents on the running boards, grille, mirror caps, and 18-inch wheels. Mugen has also introduced new bits for the fascia and side sills.
Source: Honda
The drama. The loyalty. The speculation about who stays and who goes. The Trump administration has it all. And so did Donald Trump's run on The Apprentice.
The personality that made the show a hit is also what propelled Trump to the presidency. But as with his administration, Trump also stirred controversy on the set. A former producer tells the NPR podcast Embedded that at times Trump used "really unfathomably despicable words" while the cameras were rolling — remarks that have never been made public.
Of course, people weren't watching then for insight into how the show's star would eventually approach the presidency or what effect it would have on his public political image. But in retrospect, there are a handful of lessons that say something about the man now in the Oval Office.
1. Questionable language
In October 2016, just before the election, an Access Hollywood tape emerged of Trump using crude language about women, saying, "[W]hen you're a star, they let you do it. You can do anything." When that story broke, former Apprentice producer Bill Pruitt tweeted that there were "far worse" tapes from Trump's time on that show.
Pruitt says he does not have the tapes and has signed a nondisclosure agreement, but he tells NPR that the comments he was referring to were racist in nature and included remarks about African-Americans and Jews. Pruitt says Trump's language was not a reflection of the culture of the crew — that at times there would be an "audible gasp" from those who heard the comments.
A White House spokesperson called Pruitt's story "the same recycled and false attacks from over a year ago."
There have been multiple accusations of Trump publicly using inappropriate or offensive language. He started his campaign by referring to immigrants as "rapists." This summer after the racist violence in Charlottesville, Va., Trump was widely criticized for not immediately denouncing white supremacists and instead spreading blame to people who were counterprotesting the neo-Nazis and KKK members. Those comments follow a history of ambiguity on white nationalism, as NPR's Danielle Kurtzleben has reported.
2. A businessman with baggage
The first time Trump appears in the pilot episode of The Apprentice, he's seated in the back of a black limousine, introducing himself directly to the camera.
"My name's Donald Trump," he begins, "and I'm the largest real estate developer in New York." He lists off his holdings: buildings, casinos, golf courses, model agencies and much more.
Then he briefly hints at his past financial challenges.
"But it wasn't always so easy. About 13 years ago I was seriously in trouble," he says, in reference to four bankruptcies involving his properties in Atlantic City and New York in 1991 and 1992.
"I was billions of dollars in debt," he continues. "But I fought back and I won, big league. I used my brain. I used my negotiating skills. And I worked it all out. Now my company's bigger than it ever was — stronger than it ever was."
In all 14 episodes of The Apprentice's debut season, these 20 seconds are the only substantive acknowledgement of the rocky financial history some of Trump's businesses had faced. From then on, the show consistently paints Trump as a triumphant underdog, with his troubles squarely behind him.
"Donald Trump is an icon," contestant Kwame Jackson told the producers in the season finale. "He's someone who, when people said, 'You couldn't do it,' always got it done." That's a sentiment also echoed by Trump supporters during the campaign.
Multiple episodes were set at Trump's Taj Mahal casino, which he described on the show as "the No. 1 hotel in Atlantic City." Flattering shots of the exterior and interior portray the resort as thriving.
In fact, the Taj Mahal, along with other Trump casinos, would file for bankruptcy in late 2004, just months after The Apprentice debuted.
Still, Trump's business savvy was part of his pitch during the campaign, and many who voted for him looked forward to having an outsider perspective on the inside. Despite his bankruptcies, Trump largely maintained his image of success.
3. Ever the salesman
Every episode of the show centered around a task — a business-related contest between two teams. Who can make the most money selling lemonade on Wall Street? Managing the Times Square Planet Hollywood for a day? Fixing up and renting out an old apartment? The winning team, besides steering clear of a scolding from Trump inside his dimly lit boardroom, would receive a reward.
Sometimes these rewards were simply a chance to visit classic New York landmarks: a private tour of Yankee stadium or a boat trip around the Hudson Bay. But more often than not, the rewards also showcased and elevated Trump's wealth and business acumen.
There was the walk-through of the extravagant penthouse in Trump Tower where Trump and his then-girlfriend Melania, now wife and first lady, lived; the picnic at Trump's estate in Bedford, N.Y. ("where the richest people live," Trump narrates); the driving range at Trump National Golf Club in Briarcliff Manor, N.Y. ("the best golf course in New York state"); the overnight stay at Trump's Taj Mahal casino ("you're staying in the most beautiful suite you've ever seen"); the jaunt to Trump's Mar-a-Lago resort ("the No. 1 club anywhere as far as I'm concerned").
In Episode 9, one contestant's savvy business move earns him a reward of 10 minutes with Donald Trump. "You know, a lot of people would like that opportunity," Trump tells a visibly appreciative Nick Warnock.
Trump's financial ties have followed him to Washington, with watchdogs arguing for further separation from his businesses. Trump and his lawyers argue they have done enough by setting up a trust, rather than fully divesting as past presidents have done.
Even amid criticism of being too close to his businesses while in office, Trump has spent many weekends at his Mar-a-Lago resort in Palm Beach, Fla., and his golf club in Bedminster, N.J. His hotel in Washington, D.C., has raised concern about whether world leaders would spend money there to curry favor with the president. And Trump hasn't shied away from talking about his properties. Even during controversial remarks about Charlottesville, Trump took to the opportunity to mention his winery in the area.
4. Loyalty is paramount
It didn't take the president's unearthed conversations with former FBI Director James Comey to remind the public of how highly President Trump values loyalty. But the clues were also there in 2004, particularly during the firing of one contestant named Tammy Lee.
In the seventh episode, as Trump dissects the losing team's failure as they sit before him, Lee breaks with the rest of her team to bluntly blame the team leader for having done a poor job of negotiating. Trump questions the rest of the team about Lee's dissension, asking, "Was she honest or disloyal?"
The team and Trump agree Lee had not shown enough loyalty.
"Your disloyalty has been just terrible. ... I mean it is so obnoxious in this particular case," Trump tells Lee as the music swells, signaling he would soon deliver his signature sentence: "Tammy ... you're fired."
Comey has testified that the president asked for his "loyalty" and for him to end the FBI's investigation into former national security adviser Michael Flynn. Trump denies ever asking for a loyalty pledge, but it has been clear that Trump does expect loyalty from his team — even if he does not always reciprocate.
5. Trump can stoke a fight, even between others
From the start, Trump was one of the executive producers of The Apprentice (even into his presidency). And, like any good reality television producer, he appeared to have a gift for identifying and, in some cases, amplifying squabbles between contestants.
Take a tense scene in the boardroom in Episode 6. Trump is interrogating the losing team, leading to the typical chain of recriminations. Controversial contestant Omarosa Manigault (now an aide to the president) begins by complimenting her teammate, Heidi Bressler, before also adding that when she first met Bressler, she didn't think she had much class.
"Do you think Omarosa has class?" Trump asks Bressler, looking for a response to her teammate's backhanded compliment. He adds, "If somebody said that about me, I wouldn't like her. I don't care what they do."
Trump then turns to another contestant, Jessie Connor: "Do you like Omarosa, the way she just talks to you? I mean do you like her?" Connor refuses to take the bait, instead trying to keep the peace by saying she does in fact like her teammate.
But Trump isn't finished sussing out the conflict.
"How can you like her, the way she's talking to you? You know she's got a very sharp edge," he says about Manigault. And on it goes.
The president has had his share of direct Twitter wars since taking office, but he also has a history of publicly stoking feuds between others.
During the campaign, Trump created divides to his advantage. He tried to create a chasm between Sens. Ted Cruz of Texas on one side and Marco Rubio of Florida and now-Housing and Urban Development Secretary Ben Carson. In October 2016, he reminded supporters of Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., how Hillary Clinton had wronged them, saying, "To the Bernie Sanders people, you got sold out." In September, following a wave of kneeling protests by professional sports players, the president sought to remind the public of what he perceived to be a newly forming divide between the NFL's athletes and its fans.
6. On ratings and popularity
Trump has never struggled with being known, which made the first season of The Apprentice a huge success. Instead, his challenge has been to be seen as "favorable."
The show's first season in 2004 was a game-changer for a network in trouble. NBC, which was just about to lose its blockbuster hit Friends, saw over 20 million viewers settle in each week to watch Trump preside over the fates of 16 young entrepreneurs vying for a job with his company, The Trump Organization.
Attracting 28 million viewers, the April 2004 season finale was the most popular show on television that week. According to opinion polls conducted by Gallup, when Trump flirted with a presidential run under the Reform Party ticket in 1999, the percentage of respondents who saw him as "favorable" declined precipitously: from 41 to 33 percent in less than a month. But in 2005, one year after The Apprentice debuted, Trump clocked in at 50 percent.
Trump had never before — and he would never again so far — eclipse the 50 percent mark in Gallup's polls. As of Oct. 5, nearly nine months into his presidency, Trump is at 39 percent. However, what has been a historically low approval rating for a first-term president recently stabilized.
OMAHA, Neb. – Authorities say an 18-month-old girl has been shot at apartment in northwest Omaha.
Police say a distraught man got into a private vehicle and took the bleeding toddler to a hospital around 3:40 p.m. Monday after the shooting at the Pine Tree Apartments.
Investigators haven't released any information about how the shooting occurred or provided the names of those involved.
© Khaled Abdullah/Reuters
"We have engaged with U.A.E. government on this issue and requested access to U.A.E.-run prisons in the country but to date we have not been granted access," the spokeswoman said. "From the initial information that our office in Yemen has managed to gather, we have reason to believe that a number of Yemeni detainees have been subjected to ill-treatment, torture and sexual abuse by UAE soldiers," she said.
There are reasons to believe that Yemeni detainees suffer from torture and sexual abuse by UAE soldiers, the UN Human Rights Office in Geneva said. They have requested access to the prisons, but have not been allowed in so far.The UN Rights Office spokeswoman Liz Throssell spoke to the Turkish state-run Anadolu news agency on Wednesday.The agency will further monitor the situation and might consider some follow-up steps, Throssell added.The statement comes on the heels of a report, revealing harrowing conditions up to 2,000 of detainees face at Emirati-controlled prisons in war-torn Yemen. In late June, Associated Press investigation revealed that the detainees held by Emirati forces in Yemen were subjected to torture and abuse. AP said thataccording to AP. MeanwhileReacting to the gruesome report, independent investigative journalistShe also stressed that the allegations of massive abuse obtained from the victims and their families appear more and more often.Emirates are part of the Saudi-led coalition, waging war against Houthi rebels in Yemen in attempt to restore the ousted government of President Hadi. As the conflict in Yemen enters its fourth year, more than 22 million people in Yemen need assistance, with 60 percent of the population lacking food and more than half of the country left without basic medical services, according to the UN.
3449 Elaine Place, #310
701 West Brompton Ave., #18
703 West Brompton Ave., #16
617 West Melrose St., #D3
Curious just how far your dollar goes in Boystown?According to Walk Score, this Chicago neighborhood is extremely walkable, is convenient for biking and is a haven for transit riders. Data from rental site Zumper shows that the median rent for a one bedroom in Boystown is currently hovering around $1,552.So, what might you expect to find if you're on a budget of $1,300 / month? Read on for a roundup of the latest rental offerings, via Zumper. (Note: prices and availability are subject to change.)---Listed at $1,300 / month, this 700-square-foot one-bedroom, one-bathroom apartment is located at 3449 Elaine Place.In the unit, you can anticipate hardwood floors, high ceilings, a dishwasher, a walk-in closet, wooden cabinetry and ample natural light. Amenities offered in the building include on-site laundry, an elevator, secured entry and bike storage. Attention, cat owners: your kitty is permitted here.(Check out the complete listing here .)Next, there's this one-bedroom, one-bathroom apartment situated at 701 West Brompton Ave. It's listed for $1,295 / month.When it comes to building amenities, expect on-site laundry. In the unit, there are hardwood floors, a dishwasher, stainless steel appliances, ceiling fans and closet space. For those with furry friends in tow, know that cats and dogs are allowed on this property.(Check out the complete listing here .)Here's an 800-square-foot one-bedroom, one-bathroom apartment at 703 West Brompton Ave. that's also going for $1,295 / month.In the unit, you'll get hardwood floors, a fireplace, closet space, ceiling fans and plenty of windows. Both cats and dogs are welcome.(Take a look at the full listing here .)Located at 617 West Melrose St., here's a studio apartment that's listed for $1,250/ month.In the unit, you can anticipate hardwood floors, ceiling fans, ample closet space and an updated kitchen. On-site laundry and outdoor space are offered as building amenities. Cats are allowed.(Check out the complete listing here .)
A new iOS app has broken down the barrier between Apple Music and Spotify to make music-sharing truly universal again.
On Wednesday, Vertigo announced that it's now integrated with both Spotify and Apple Music to help people share music regardless of which premium subscription they have. When it launched just last month, Vertigo (iTunes) required a Spotify Premium membership so that users could find music, build playlists, and broadcast live-streaming listening sessions with friends and followers.
Now that Apple Music accounts can be linked as well, Vertigo's become first iOS app to foster this type of cross-platform music-sharing. You can import your playlists from either Apple Music or Spotify Premium, find new music from the catalogue, and share songs in-app so that your friends can listen using their own subscription.
No one wants to have to choose between Apple Music friends or Spotify friends.
“No one wants to have to choose between Apple Music friends or Spotify friends when it comes to sharing and listening to the universal language of music together,” said Greg Leekley CEO and Co-founder of Vertigo.
Vertigo is not just a simple song-sharing app, however. In addition to finding songs, creating playlists, and listening to music ad-free, Vertigo offers “live sessions.” These sessions basically let you live-stream while listening to your favorite music. You can share live video and photos, chat in real-time, or add audio commentary while the song is playing.
Vertigo gives you the option to share a live session with another Vertigo user, your “core” group of friends, or the entire app community. Thus, the app's function ranges from collaborative listening to live-streaming centered on music.
Vertigo
Apple Music and Spotify continue to battle it out to be the top music streaming service. Apple's main weapon has been exclusive content in the form of album premieres from artists like Drake and Frank Ocean. Meanwhile Spotify has continued to improve its personalized playlists while also adding video clips and podcasts. In this fight, it's vital for each service to keep users within their gated platforms. So, how was a third-party player like Vertigo able to nab APIs to integrate services that are so intent in differentiating themselves?
It helps that Vertigo is doing music-sharing the legal way and allows only users with paid subscriptions. You may remember that Spotify's free tier has been a source of contention for artists. For each song shared on the Vertigo app, the company pays royalties back to the rights holders. And the royalties are amplified with each listener who joins in with his or her own music streaming membership.
Why you should care: Since Apple Music and Spotify have near-identical catalogues, the services are constantly looking for ways to differentiate themselves. Spotify's social aspect is certainly a key feature in that service—one that Apple Music has not been able to replicate. In fact, Apple has downplayed the social features in Apple Music. Connect, the service's social network that lets artists post updates, went from being its own tab to being hidden in iOS 10. Vertigo could help fill that noticeable social void for Apple Music members.
McGregor Scott, right, the United States Attorney for the Eastern District of California, flanked by California Attorney General Xavier Becerra, center, discusses an increase in the use of a banned pesticide at illegal marijuana farms hidden on public lands Tuesday, May 29, 2018, in Sacramento, Calif. Research by Mourad Gabriel, left, the executive director and senior ecologist at Integral Ecology Research Center, and his colleagues found the highly toxic pesticide Carbofuran, which can't legally be used in the Unites States, at 72 percent of grow sites last year, up 15 percent from 2012. (AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli)
McGregor Scott, right, the United States Attorney for the Eastern District of California, flanked by California Attorney General Xavier Becerra, center, discusses an increase in the use of a banned pesticide at illegal marijuana farms hidden on public lands Tuesday, May 29, 2018, in Sacramento, Calif. Research by Mourad Gabriel, left, the executive director and senior ecologist at Integral Ecology Research Center, and his colleagues found the highly toxic pesticide Carbofuran, which can't legally be used in the Unites States, at 72 percent of grow sites last year, up 15 percent from 2012. (AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli)
SACRAMENTO, Calif. (AP) - An alarming increase in the use of a highly toxic and banned pesticide at illegal marijuana farms hidden on public land in California is leading U.S. and state officials to team up on an issue that recently divided them: pot.
They announced Tuesday that they will use $2.5 million in federal money to target illegal grows even as they remain at odds over the drug and other issues. Federal law still bans pot, but U.S. Attorney McGregor Scott said he will prioritize illegal weed rather than going after the world's largest legal recreational marijuana market, a decision U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions has left to the discretion of top federal prosecutors.
"The reality of the situation is there is so much black market marijuana in California that we could use all of our resources going after just the black market and never get there," Scott said.
"So for right now, our priorities are to focus on what have been historically our federal law enforcement priorities: interstate trafficking, organized crime and the federal public lands," said Scott, whom President Donald Trump appointed last year as U.S. attorney of inland California, from Bakersfield to the Oregon border.
Most of illegally grown California pot is destined for Midwestern and Eastern states where it is more profitable. California Attorney General Xavier Becerra and others referred to the illegal grows as California's new Gold Rush, bringing both riches and environmental devastation.
"You've got to make it so crime doesn't pay," Becerra said.
The illegal grows, where the highly toxic pesticide Carbofuran is prevalent, pose an increasing threat to water, wildlife and ultimately people, officials said. Researcher Mourad Gabriel told The Associated Press that he and his colleagues found the chemical at 72 percent of grow sites last year, up from 15 percent in 2012.
About 60 percent of California's water supply flows through national forests, and researchers found that 40 percent of water samples downstream from illegal grows are contaminated.
Gabriel's research found that traces of the pesticide are now showing up in pot, though he did not attempt to quantify how much was in each sample or its effects on people. Such dangers have long been an issue in unregulated drug markets, something California's new legal pot market intends to change.
Carbofuran, which can't legally be used in the United States, is intended to be heavily diluted and used as an insecticide. But it is so powerful that a quarter of a teaspoon of concentrate can kill a 300-pound (136-kilogram) bear, said Gabriel, executive director and senior ecologist at Integral Ecology Research Center and one of the few researchers studying the ecological impact of illicit grow sites
It's also being used on marijuana plants in barely diluted form. Carbofuran is being smuggled in from Mexico by drug cartels and laborers hired to clear forestland and replant it with illegal marijuana, Scott said.
Laborers, who must carry the plants, fertilizer, irrigation hose and camping supplies into faraway sites, tell Gabriel that the remoteness is one reason the highly toxic pesticide is so popular.
"What they are saying to us is this is extremely effective - it takes a little amount to kill a deer or a bear - so we don't need to bring a lot of it to last a season," Gabriel said.
___
Follow complete AP marijuana coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/LegalMarijuana .
The wife of fallen Fort Bragg soldier Christopher Harris was able to reveal the gender of their baby with a little help from the 82nd Airborne in Afghanistan. Army Spc. Christopher Michael Harris , 25, of Jackson Springs, North Carolina, died in an attack when his patrol was struck by a vehicle-borne explosive device near Kandahar.Before Harris died, he and his wife found out they were expecting their first child.Harris' fellow soldiers helped to make the big gender announcement all the way from Afghanistan."His fellow soldiers have been phenomenal and done everything they can to watch over me even from a distance," Brittany Harris told ABC11 of the men and women in the video.Congratulations on your baby girl!
Boursa Kuwait ended last week in the red zone. The Price Index closed at 6,186.94 points, down by 0.15% from the week before closing, the Weighted Index decreased by 1.24% after closing at 393.84 points, whereas the KSX-15 Index closed at 894.99 points down by 1.49%.Furthermore, the week's average daily turnover increased by 2.47%, compared to the preceding week, reaching K.D 12.58 million, whereas trading volume average was 68.29 million shares, recording an increase of 6.44%.
The trading activity during the last week showed an upward direction for the market at start , where its three indices were able to record increases in the first session of the week, however, it could not continue such performance and its indices declined gradually in the following sessions under the influence of the elevated political issues that the region is undergoing this period, which pushed many traders to take the selling operations direction, and contributed in diverting the market to the red zone.
On the other hand, Boursa Kuwait recorded market losses of over K.D. 290 million during the last five sessions, whereas the total market cap for the listed stocks in the regular market reached by the end of the last week K.D. 26.38 billion, down by 1.09% of its value at a week earlier, where it was K.D. 26.67 billion. On an annual level, the market cap gains reached 3.84% compared to its value at end of last year, where it reached K.D. 25.41 billion. (Note: The market cap for the listed companies in the regular market is calculated based on the average number of outstanding shares as per the latest official available financial statements).
Moreover, the market initiated its first session of last week with mixed gains for its three indices, benefiting from the heavy purchasing operations that targeted some listed stocks in the market, headed by the nine stocks nominated to join (FTSE) Index, which in turn received the highest portion of the traded cash liquidity during the session. On the next session, the Boursa ended it with mixed closings for its three indices, whereas the Price Index continued its increase affected by the quick speculations that targeted some small-cap stocks, while the profit collection operations that included some leading stocks pushed the Weighted and KSX-15 indices to record different losses by the end of the session.
On the mid-week session, the three market indices declined in light of the increased selling pressures and the profit collection operations on many stocks of both leading and small-cap ones, amid decreased traded liquidity and volume compared to the previous session, whereas the value reached K.D. 11.45 million only, while the volume reached by the end of the session 59.21 million share.
Also, Boursa Kuwait witnessed in the last two sessions of the last week a continued control of the random selling operations on the trading activity, amid refrain of some traders from trading temporarily, waiting for some positive indicators to appear to encourage them to enter the market once again, especially in light of the presence of many negative factors surrounding the market whether internally or externally.
For the annual performance, the Price Index ended last week recording 7.63% annual gain compared to its closing in 2016, while the Weighted Index increased by 3.62%, and the KSX-15 recorded 1.13% growth.
Sectors' Indices
Eight of Boursa Kuwait's sectors ended last week in the red zone, three recorded increases, whereas the Health Care sector's index closed with no change from the week before. The Technology sector headed the losers list as its index declined by 3.74% to end the week's activity at 480.25 points. The Consumer Goods sector was second on the losers' list, which index declined by 3.41%, closing at 847.34 points, followed by the Telecommunications sector, as its index closed at 535.69 points at a loss of 2.08%.The Real Estate sector was the least declining as its index closed at 877.08 points with a 0.18% decrease.
On the other hand, last week's highest gainer was the Insurance sector, achieving 4.16% growth rate as its index closed at 1,044.99 points. Whereas, in the second place, the Industrial sector's index closed at 1,722.61 points recording 1.01% increase. The Consumer Services sector came in third as its index achieved 0.14% growth, ending the week at 920.83 points.
Sectors' Activity
The Financial Services sector dominated a total trade volume of around 116.49 million shares changing hands during last week, representing 34.11% of the total market trading volume. The Banks sector was second in terms of trading volume as the sector's traded shares were 24.02% of last week's total trading volume, with a total of around 82.03 million shares.
On the other hand, the Banks sector's stocks were the highest traded in terms of value; with a turnover of around K.D 27.40 million or 43.56% of last week's total market trading value. The Financial Services sector took the second place as the sector's last week turnover was approx. K.D 10.94 million representing 17.40% of the total market trading value.
Wednesday, June 14, 2017
CORNWALL, ENGLAND—Two 3,000-year-old roundhouses and Iron Age burials have been found at the site of a new housing development on high ground overlooking the Atlantic Ocean in southwestern England. According to The Falmouth Packet, a team of excavators from Costwold Archaeology expected to find some features, based upon an initial radar survey, but they were surprised by the extent of the remains. Additional roundhouses, made of either dry stone walls or wattle and daub, probably stood in what is now a surrounding field. To read in-depth about Iron Age archaeology in Britain, go to "Letter From Wales: Hillforts of the Iron Age."
© Mark Thomas / Global Look Press
Human rights activist Peter Tatchell has been accused of taking aim at the children of Russian migrants in the UK, calling for them to be "expelled" from British schools due to the perceived crimes of the Russian state.Tatchell, who hasto highlight LGBT issues, took to social media to attack President Vladimir Putin's governance. He also called for the implementation of the Magnitsky Clause into UK legislation and further visa bans.In his tweet, Tatchell stated that under Putin "state assets stolen, protesters jailed, opposition politicians & critical journalists assassinated, war crimes in Syria." Despite an intense wave of anti-Russia sentiment in UK in recent years, which peaked following the poisoning of ex-Russian double agent Sergei Skripal and his daughter in Salisbury, Tatchell's comments were met with ire from the many on the platform.Tatchell has been slammed for targeting innocent children, with one social media user stating: "I'm surprised that you think it's acceptable to punish children for who their parents are." Others said the comments had exposed the human rights activist as a selective "liberal" and "racist."It wasn't just his comments on children that drew censure. Many took issue with Tatchell's assertion that Russia has committed war crimes in Syria, with some usersThe backlash against his comments appeared to have no influence on Tatchell. Whilst he didn't reply to any of them specifically, he did take to Twitter again to reiterate his stance on Syria and Russia.
NZ Post will stop recording audio of people chatting to their postie at the letterbox.
The continuous audio recordings allowed for eavesdropping and had amounted to a “serious breach of the privacy”, the Postal Workers Union says.
NZ Post's new delivery vehicle fleet – four wheel electric Paxsters – have high-resolution, forward-facing cameras with GPS.
The union said the continuous audio recordings were not necessary for the safety and security of postal workers and breached privacy of members of the public.
After being contacted by Stuff on Sunday night, a spokesperson for NZ Post said they would switch off the sound of the audio recording devices while the issue was discussed.
The recordings were wiped from the Paxsters after a few days, and copies were not kept, the spokesperson said.
“The Paxster recording devices are there for health and safety reasons, to help NZ Post understand what has happened in the case of an incident.”.
“Whilst we work with [the union] and the Privacy Commissioner, all team leaders must seek the permission of the Acting General Manager of Operations before accessing any Paxster camera recordings for any purpose.”
“I think it is a really good thing if they turn the audio off,” Maynard said on Sunday night.
“[We are] really disturbed that it was going on for such a long time before anyone found out.”
LG has unveiled its V35 ThinQ without much fanfare. The smartphone series has now moved to Snapdragon 845 chipset. The smartphone borrows most of its design elements from the V30S ThinQ and upgrades to 6GB of RAM.
The LG V35 ThinQ adorns a 6-inch OLED display with HDR10 support. The camera department also witnessed some upgrades, mostly by borrowing the dual 16 MP camera from the LG G7 ThinQ. It packs a 16MP + 13MP dual camera setup. The front shooter has now been bumped to 8MP in contrast to 5MP on previous variants. It also features the Super Bright Camera mode (pixel binning) seen on the G7.
The smartphone has company's signature Quad DAC and various sound upgrades such as DTS:X (with 3D virtualization up to 7.1 audio). The smartphone will come bundled with a pair of Bang & Olufsen headphones.
Additionally, the device has IP68 water resistance, similar to LG's other flagships. The smartphone draws power from a 3,300mAh battery which is 10 percent larger compared to G7's battery. It also supports wireless charging and Quick Charge 3.0.
As mentioned earlier, the V35 is powered by a Snapdragon 845 SoC with 6GB of RAM and 64GB/128GB of storage, and support for external memory. The phone will run Android 8.0 Oreo out of the box plus the ThinQ smarts.
What's interesting that the smartphone doesn't feature a notch on the display. We have seen LG going with the notch display for its G7 flagship. The device heavily is priced at $900, making it one of the most expensive phones in US market. AT&T will start taking pre-orders on June 1, units will be available on June 8.
Besides, LG has shown off what it calls the world's first 77-inch transparent flexible OLED display. Blending its transparent and rollable OLED display techs in a single display shows how ahead the company has come in terms of its development. The new panel is capable of the standard Ultra HD (UHD) resolution of 3840 × 2160 with 40 percent transparency.
While these new technologies might make to your living rooms in the future, they won't be useful if you are planning to purchase a new TV set.
PHOENIX (AP) — Survivors of the 2011 mass shooting in Arizona at an event hosted by former U.S. Rep. Gabby Giffords say the recent attack on lawmakers at a congressional baseball practice in Virginia shows how vitriolic political discourse has become.
Ron Barber, who took over Giffords' seat in Congress, called for an end to the harsh rhetoric and personal attacks in politics. Other victims said the recent shooting reignited strong feelings about the need for gun control.
Giffords was holding a constituent event outside a grocery store in 2011 when gunman Jared Loughner opened fire, killing six people, including a federal judge and a 9-year-old girl, and shooting Giffords in the head, severely wounding her.
Wednesday's shooting happened in a similarly public place — a popular park and baseball complex in Alexandria, Virginia.
New Delhi: Stating that the country's security is his government's top priority, Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday said that there will be zero tolerance towards terrorism emanating from across the borders.
Only love, and not bullets or abuse, can help resolve the dragging problem in Jammu and Kashmir, Prime Minister Narendra Modi said in his Independence Day speech from the historic Red Fort.
"A warm hug is enough to do away with the problems prevailing in Kashmir," PM Modi said.
Hailing the country's armed forces, PM Modi said, ''The country's security remains our priority. Our Air force, Navy and Army have never failed in discharging their duty. During the surgical strikes, the world had to acknowledge our success.''
"We are committed for the development of Jammu and Kashmir and this is also the resolve of every Indian," the Prime Minister said.
Modi stressed that the separatist campaign in the state cannot be resolved by "gaali se" (abuse) or "goli se" (bullet) but by embracing every Kashmiri.
The Prime Minister, however, made it clear that there would be no let up while dealing with the separatists.
At the same, he appealed to the terrorists to join the mainstream.
"You have every right to make your voices heard in Indian democracy," he said.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
During my time in the Assembly, I've witnessed some remarkable displays of bipartisanship.
Just last year, members of the Legislature came together to cast a tough vote that guaranteed funding for the developmentally disabled and helped our most vulnerable neighbors. This achievement demonstrated that, when motivated, lawmakers can rise above partisan politics to create sound public policy. I hoped the Legislature had finally turned the corner in putting the needs of ordinary people above special interests, lobbyists and professional influencers.
Sadly, I was proven wrong this month when Gov. Jerry Brown and capitol Democrats rammed a costly and ineffective transportation plan through the Legislature with little public input or support.
The Democrats' plan is poor public policy. It ignores the need to be smarter about the way we build roads, and fails to reform our bloated transportation bureaucracy. What's worse, it includes the biggest gas tax increase in state history, while the state steals transportation money for other government programs.
As Assembly Speaker Anthony Rendon eloquently stated, “Our roads suck.” There is plenty of blame to go around. Politicians from both parties have put our roads on the back burner.
For the last two years, Assembly Republicans have been at the negotiating table, working to solve the transportation crisis. Unfortunately, we were at that table alone. We proposed a series of bills to provide badly needed road money without burdening ordinary Californians with even more taxes.
Those proposals were never given a hearing, and legislative leaders refused to seriously consider plans without massive tax increases.
Why were Republicans ignored? Because doing it right required tough choices that Democrats were unwilling to make. It would have required lawmakers to take on powerful unions to address the institutional dysfunction at Caltrans. It would have required lawmakers to use tax dollars wisely and demand accountability from an inefficient bureaucracy. And it would have required the state to revisit its spending priorities. In short, it would have taken courageous leadership.
What happened instead was politics at its worst. Facing an arbitrary and self-imposed deadline, Democrats cut a deal behind closed doors and voted on it six days later.
Advertisement
This short timeline left little opportunity for ordinary Californians, small businesses and family farms to express their opinions. The only voices heard were the deal's supporters: big business and big labor. Their lobbyists sprang into action and launched a paid advertising campaign to pressure lawmakers up and down the state.
As the vote neared, it became clear that the plan didn't have the votes. The arm-twisting of the previous days gave way to something else. Call it greasing the wheels, horse-trading, or simply buying votes. In the hours leading up to the plan's passage, undecided legislators got nearly $1 billion in pork in exchange for their support.
Late on the night of April 6, when the votes had been tallied, applause broke out as the bill was approved by both houses and sent to the governor.
Sadly, the applause came from Sacramento elites and special interests. There were no cheers from the ordinary Californians without powerful lobbyists — just a sigh of recognition that their leaders had once again taken the easy way out.
California deserves better. Much better.
Chad Mayes, R-Rancho Mirage, is Assembly Republican leader, representing the 42nd District.
It ignores the need to be smarter about the way we build roads, and fails to reform our bloated transportation bureaucracy. What's worse, it includes the biggest gas tax increase in state history.
© AFP 2017/ Mohammed Huwais
There will be enough food for the population in Yemen only in the coming four months if the solution to the worsening military conflict in the country is not found, Magne Barth, the head of the Delegation of the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) in Moscow, said Monday.According to Barth, the purchasing power of the population is falling, the prices of the main goods have significantly increased and the population is running out of food. It will be enough only for four months, if the quick solution for the problem is not found, Barth said at a press conference in Moscow.Talking about the activities of the ICRC in Yemen Barth reminded that the organization'sin the country. He called on the sides to the conflict to respect the neutrality of humanitarian organizations and ensure humanitarian workers have access to the country's ports.Yemen has been suffering from a brutal conflict between the government and the Houthi movement backed by army units loyal to former President Ali Abdullah Saleh since 2014. In March 2015, the Saudi-led coalition of mostly Persian Gulf countries started carrying out airstrikes against the Houthis at the request of governmental forces.Apart from this, the peace talks between the parties failed in August after the Houthis refused to support a road map proposed by UN Special Envoy for Yemen Ismail Ahmed that involves the rebels laying down arms and the formation of a unity government.According to last week's bulletin of the UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs, almost 19 million people are acutely affected and need some form of immediate humanitarian assistance as a result of the violent conflict in Yemen. Apart from that, over $2.1 billion is needed to provide life-saving assistance to 12 million Yemenis in 2017 as the 2017 Yemen Response Plan was only 14.4 percent funded.
Qualcomm is reportedly working on the development of new 600 series Snapdragon processors. According to a report, the company is rumored to be working on three new chipsets which are supposedly the Snapdragon 630, Snapdragon 635, and Snapdragon 660 SoCs.
GizmoChina notes, the Qualcomm Snapdragon 630 and Snapdragon 635 chips will be enhanced versions of the highly efficient Snapdragon 625 chipset which Xiaomi is using in its Redmi Note 4 and 4X smartphone. As you might know or if you have seen the review of the Redmi Note 4 smartphone the SD 625 is said to have very efficient power management and heat reduction features. Similarly, the Snapdragon 630 and Snapdragon 635 are expected to bring in such features and more.
SEE ALSO: Qualcomm Snapdragon 835 SoC benchmark scores leaked
According to the leak, both mid-range chips is expected to use eight Cortex-A53 cores in an octa-core arrangement. However, it's just a rumor and that it could have an entirely different setup. We will get to know once Qualcomm makes it official. No further details of both rumored SoCs have been disclosed but since they will be upgrades of the SD 625, the new versions should come with more enhanced features.
Additionally, Qualcomm could come with a Snapdragon 660 chip. As per GizmoChina, this chip will be manufactured using Samsung 14nm LPP process and could have an octa-core arrangement in combination with Cortex-A73 and A53 cores. The SD 660 is also said to come with the Adreno 512 GPU and support for dual-channel LPDDR4X-1866 memory, UFS 2.1 storage, up to 24MP camera, LTE Cat. 10 and three carrier aggregation.
SEE ALSO: Qualcomm announces Q1 fiscal 2017 results, estimates a drop in Q2
Interestingly, it has been said that OPPO, Vivo, and Xiaomi will likely feature the chip in their upcoming smartphones. The Snapdragon 660 is tipped to be launched in September.
However, with the announcement of this news, we can only assume that the premier chipset manufacturer is aiming to maintain its strong foothold in the mid-range and low-end smartphone.
In Steve's extra course, he takes a closer look at Apolis Greek Street Food's traditional approach to frappes, the original coffee drink. (WLS)
Thursday night, Democratic National Committee (DNC) chairman Tom Perez introduced former President Barack Obama as America's "real president" at a DNC fundraiser. "Let's give it up for the real president of the United States," Perez said at Thursday's fundraiser,
Obama reportedly then told the crowd of Democratic donors that they are "right to be concerned" about Trump's presidency.
Perez's false descriptor for Obama is just the latest instance of prominent Democrats abandoning political norms in order to undermine President Trump.
If you believe recent media accounts, the former Democratic president has suddenly transcended the political fray. It's as if a newly "Zen-like" Barack Obama is content to just write his memoir and let Donald Trump and Republicans write the next chapter of history.
The 44th president has "virtually disappeared" from the political scene and is sitting idly by as his legacy is dismantled piece by piece. From an exclusive interview, the periodical concluded Obama was "modeling his political engagement out of office after George W. Bush's" - that is, staying out of the rough-and-tumble of politics, maintaining distance from his former office and resigning himself to be an elder statesman fading into the sunset.
Don't buy it.
Don't be fooled into believing that because you don't see Barack Obama attacking President Trump from behind a microphone, that he's not active in behind the scenes efforts to take down President Trump and destroy his Make America Great Again agenda.Barack Obama could've moved back to Chicago, the place he falsely calls home, the place where residents are on the hook for $200 million to build a shrine to him.Barack Obama, who grew up in Hawaii, but likes to call Chicago his hometown, landed the ultimate slap in the face to Chicago residents. The man without a legacy and his good friend, Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel, are pulling a disgusting bait and switch on Illinois residents. Instead of building a presidential library, as promised to the City Council, the Obama Presidential Center organizers will instead, build a massive shrine to Barack and Michelle Obama, at the cost of almost $200 million to Illinois taxpayers.If Barack and Michelle had such close ties to the city of Chicago,Paul Sperry of the New York Post reports -In a cover story asking "Where is Barack Obama?" for example, New York magazine concluded that: Obama is doing far more to shape the political landscape than is visible. In fact,From his sprawling DC office not far from the White House, where he oversees a full-time staff of 20, Obama has held regular meetings with Democratic lawmakers, as well asObama has also met with his attorney general,according to Politico.which Obama helped his old friend launch.Obama, who maintains a home in Chicago, originally said he only planned to stay in Washington temporarily, until his youngest daughter, Sasha, now 17, finished high school there. But the family is clearly putting down deeper roots. They recently bought their DC rental home and erected a massive security wall around the property, which includes offices, and are installing a swimming pool.While it may be true Obama does not want to engage directly in Washington politics, including personally protesting Trump's policies,That nonprofit -- is not exactly a household name. But it is no less thanMost recently,against the administration's border policies, which it has decried as "cruel and inhumane." OFA describes itself as a "nonpartisan grass-roots-driven organization," but it clearly has a pro-Obama agenda. In fact,including Jon Carson and Jim Messina, who co-chair the group, and Katie Hogan, who serves as its executive director, according to recent tax filings by the nonprofit.Though Obama has no official or legal role in OFA, he features the group along with his foundation on his post-presidency Web site and rallies its foot soldiers, who wear blue T-shirts with big white "OFA" letters, in conference calls. After Trump won, for example, he phoned to "fire up" Carson and his team and told them not to worry, thatMore recently, Obama sent an e-mail to "OFA supporters" urging them to "keep going in 2018," because "there's simply too much at stake this year." Obama has tweeted from OFA's account before and after leaving the White House, and while he was in the White House,Earlier this year, moreover, he met with Hogan to discuss how the group can flex its muscles during the midterm campaign to help Democrats recapture the House, according to The New York Times. To that end,that could be key to a Democratic takeover of the House. With offices in DC and Chicago,
By The Associated Press
MEMPHIS, Tenn. (AP) — Taylor Fritz saved three match points in a third-set tiebreaker to beat No. 8 seed Yen-Hsun Lu 4-6, 7-6 (4), 7-6 (7) on Tuesday night in the first round of the Memphis Open.
Fritz, the runner-up in this event last year, won without ever breaking Lu's serve.
Earlier Tuesday, qualifier Darian King defeated No. 5 seed Bernard Tomic 6-4, 6-4. King, ranked 140th in the world, dropped just 12 points in 10 service games against the 32nd-ranked Tomic.
Other winners Tuesday included No. 7 seed Steve Darcis, Ryan Harrison, Matthew Ebden and Tim Smyczek.
Harrison won 6-3, 7-5 over Konstantin Kravchuk to advance to a second-round matchup with No. 3 seed Sam Querrey. Darcis won 7-5, 3-6, 6-4 over Radu Albot. Smyczek beat Frances Tiafoe 6-3, 5-7, 6-3.
Ebden rallied from a break down in each of the last two sets to beat Peter Polansky 6-7 (4), 6-3, 6-1.
View larger $14.98 $10.98 - Select Qty - 1 2
2 in stock
Poster SKU: 171211-68853-1
Part No: R20842
Weight: 1.01 lbs
Condition: New
View All: Clint Eastwood | Sergio Leone items
Product Types: Poster Crush | Posters - Reprints
Lines: Cult Cinema Icons | Throwback Space
Genres: Action | Adventure | Crime | Cult Cinema | Drama | Western
Poster Categories: Movies, TV & Gaming
Studio: United Artists
Original U.S. Release: December 29, 1967
Rating: R
Visit our poster shop POSTER CRUSH: Art & Creativity | Comics & Fantasy Art | Movies, TV & Gaming | Music | Sports
Visit our main page for additional items Here.
Details
Sergio Leone's cult classic Spaghetti Western centers on a bounty hunting scam that unites two men (Clint Eastwood, Eli Wallach) in an uneasy alliance against a third (Lee Van Cleef), in a race to find a fortune in gold buried in a remote cemetery.
Specifications
Size: 24x36 in
Cast: Aldo Giuffrè | Antonio Casas | Clint Eastwood | Eli Wallach | Lee Van Cleef | Luigi Pistilli | Rada Rassimov
Directors: Sergio Leone
Project Name: The Good The Bad and The Ugly
Related Items
Categories
Action | Adventure | Crime | Cult Cinema | Cult Cinema Icons | Drama | Featured | Movies, TV & Gaming | Posters - Reprints | Throwback Space | United Artists | Western
The interval was fun, huh? @eforsberg10 is shown a red card just two minutes into the restart (48') #DieRotenBullen #RBLTSG 0-3 pic.twitter.com/rUq5hLl3mV
6 - @achtzehn99_en didn't manage to score in only 6 out of 79 games in the #Bundesliga with Julian #Nagelsmann as a coach. Guarantee. #RBLTSG
March 31 Seven-Star Works Co Ltd :
* Says it proposes to change company name to Vidente Co., Ltd from Seven-Star Works Co., Ltd
Source text in Korean: goo.gl/UjCXi6
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
By The Associated Press
FREETOWN, Sierra Leone (AP) — More than 200 bodies at Sierra Leone morgue after floods, mudslides, says coroner official.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Members of the Michigan Legislative Black Caucus met with the head of the Michigan State Police Thursday.
The meeting was to address concerns about a meme Colonel Kriste Etue posted on Facebook. It called NFL players who kneel during the National Anthem “degenerates.”
Members of the caucus called for Etue's resignation or firing.
Representative Sheldon Neeley is chair of the caucus and was at the meeting. He said the caucus is withholding comment until it meets with the governor.
“It was cordial,” he said. “It was a cordial meeting. It was adults having a dialogue about a very serious issue.”
Etue has apologized and said the post was a mistake. The governor has said he won't fire Etue. However, Etue will face an internal review by Michigan State Police.
Neeley did say members raised their concerns to the colonel during the meeting.
“You know the concerns that many Michiganders have as it relates to the Facebook post,” he said. “And other issues about the culture of MSP.”
The Michigan Legislative Black Caucus also asked to meet with the governor. Neeley said the group will meet with Governor Rick Snyder next week.
He said, “We're moving forward making sure that we have a good outcome out of this unfortunate situation.”
Workers at the XXXX brewery will strike over job security ahead of the Commonwealth Games.
Workers at the XXXX brewery will strike over job security ahead of the Commonwealth Games.
Close to 100 XXXX brewery workers will walk off the job next week, with the company rejecting union claims the action could disrupt beer supplies to the Commonwealth Games.
The Brisbane workers, who will strike next Monday, are fed up with job insecurity and threats to water down their conditions after nearly a third of their workforce was made redundant in recent years, with about 40 jobs lost.
United Voice Queensland spokesperson Damien Davie said management needs to be open to bargaining or they'll risk disrupting the games' beer supply.
"We want everyone to be able to drink XXXX while they're enjoying the Commonwealth Games," Mr Davie said on Tuesday.
"But management needs to come to the table, or they'll risk disrupting beer supply at this important time."
Brewery director Irene Bell says she's confident the strike won't affect supply and called the action disappointing.
The industrial action has also been prompted by fears the iconic Queensland company plans to make more of its beer in other states.
"It's just not right; this is a legendary Queensland beer, which should be made exclusively here in Queensland, by Queenslanders," Mr Davie said.
Ms Bell also quashed that claim.
"XXXX was born here, it's brewed here and the brewery's not going anywhere," she said.
Zambia Tourism brings the Victoria Falls to London by recreating a 3-D version across a huge area of Destinations: The Holiday & Travel Show, providing the illusion of being right there in Zambia. As thousands of holiday seekers descend on Destinations show over the coming days, Victoria Falls is likely to be on the bucket list of many seeking adventure and romance. Zambia Tourism's Donald Pelemakoyo explained “It will be a visually breath-taking image to inspire travellers to visit Zambia for themselves and enjoy the beauty of Victoria Falls. You'll be able to sense how awesome the real version is.” The 16 x 10ft art installation has taken over a week to painstakingly create and you can see how they did it in the following time-lapse video. Visitors to the show are encouraged to take a picture of themselves in the Devil's Pool (nature's ultimate infinity pool, close to the edge of the Falls) and post the photos on social media. Donald added, “Visitors will love this mini version of our famous falls, so imagine how much they'd enjoy the real thing in Zambia”. Keep an eye on Zambia's social media and their website to see more images of our amazing 3-D Victoria Falls come to life. Destinations: The Holiday & Travel Show runs from Thursday 1st – Sunday 4th February 2018 – so you'll have to be quick to catch it. Meanwhile, head over to Zimbabwe or Zambia (the Falls are right on the border and can be visited from either country) and you'll find the real thing is open every day.
Related posts: A pilot's view of microlighting Vic Falls Bill Davis chucks in his job and heads out to Zambia to microlight tourists through the spray of Victoria Falls,... Japan: a trade show perspective. Ever wondered what it's like to arrive in a trade show in Chiba, tasked with selling a product with no... Stealing the Show Not many visitors to the US of A ever find themselves competing on a TV gameshow. But if they do,... Love, drugs and drink show Tel Aviv at its best You hear a lot of news about Israel but not a great deal about its beaches, bars and nightlife. Ben... Copyright © 2018 Paul Woollacombe
WASHINGTON — The Pentagon is allowing transgender people to enlist in the military beginning Jan. 1, despite President Donald Trump's opposition.
The new policy reflects growing legal pressure on the issue, and the difficult hurdles the federal government would have to cross to enforce Trump's demand to ban transgender individuals from the military. Two federal courts already have ruled against the ban. Potential transgender recruits will have to overcome a lengthy and strict set of physical, medical and mental conditions that make it possible, though difficult, for them to join the armed services.
Maj. David Eastburn, a Pentagon spokesman, says the enlistment of transgender recruits will start Jan. 1 and go on amid the legal battles. The Defense Department also is studying the issue.
Eastburn told The Associated Press on Monday that the new guidelines mean the Pentagon can disqualify potential recruits with gender dysphoria, a history of medical treatments associated with gender transition and those who underwent reconstruction. But such recruits are allowed in if a medical provider certifies they've been clinically stable in the preferred sex for 18 months and are free of significant distress or impairment in social, occupational or other important areas.
Transgender individuals receiving hormone therapy also must be stable on their medication for 18 months.
The requirements make it challenging for a transgender recruit to pass. But they mirror concerns President Barack Obama's administration laid out when the Pentagon initially lifted its ban on transgender service last year.
The Pentagon has similar restrictions for recruits with a variety of medical or mental conditions, such as bipolar disorder.
“Due to the complexity of this new medical standard, trained medical officers will perform a medical prescreen of transgender applicants for military service who otherwise meet all applicable applicant standards,” Eastburn said.
Get the Newsday Now newsletter! The best of Newsday every day in your inbox. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Last year, then-Defense Secretary Ash Carter ended the ban on transgender service members, allowing them to serve openly in the military. He said that within 12 months — or by July 2017 — transgender people also would be able to enlist.
Trump, however, tweeted in July that the federal government “will not accept or allow” transgender troops to serve “in any capacity” in the military. A month later, he issued a formal order telling the Pentagon to extend the ban. He gave the department six months to determine what to do about those currently serving.
Trump's decision was quickly challenged in court, and two U.S. district court judges have already ruled against the ban. Part of one ruling required the government to allow transgender individuals to enlist beginning Jan. 1.
The government had asked that the Jan. 1 requirement be put on hold while the appeal proceeds. The Pentagon move Monday signals the growing sense within the government that authorities are likely to lose the legal fight.
“The controversy will not be about whether you allow transgender enlistees, it's going to be on what terms,” said Brad Carson, who was deeply involved in the last administration's decisions. “That's really where the controversy will lie.”
Carson worried, however, that the Defense Department could opt to comply with a deadline on allowing transgender recruits, but “under such onerous terms that practically there will be none.” Carson, who worked for Carter as the acting undersecretary of defense for personnel, said requiring 18 months of stability in the preferred sex is a reasonable time.
“It doesn't have any basis in science,” he said, noting that experts have suggested six months is enough. “But as a compromise among competing interests and perhaps to err on the side of caution, 18 months was what people came around to. And that's a reasonable position and defensible.”
For the last 100 years, researchers have constantly pushed the boundaries for our knowledge about medicine and how different bodies can respond differently to it. However, the methods for the production of medicine have not yet moved itself away from mass production. Many who have a given illness get the same product with equal amount of an active compound.
This production might soon be in the past. In a new study, researchers from the University of Copenhagen together with colleagues from Åbo Akademi University in Finland have developed a new method for producing medicine. They produce a white edible material. Here, they print a QR code consisting of a medical drug.
"This technology is promising, because the medical drug can be dosed exactly the way you want it to. This gives an opportunity to tailor the medication according to the patient getting it," says Natalja Genina, Assistant Professor at Department of Pharmacy.
Potential for reducing wrong medication and fake medicine
The shape of a QR code also enables storage of data in the "pill" itself.
"Simply doing a quick scan, you can get all the information about the pharmaceutical product. In that sense it can potentially reduce cases of wrong medication and fake medicine," says Natalja Genina.
The researchers hope that in the future a regular printer will be able to apply the medical drug in the pattern of a QR code, while the edible material will have to be produced in advance to allow on-demand production of medical drug near end-users.
"If we are successful with applying this production method to relatively simple printers, then it can enable the innovative production of personalized medicine and rethinking of the whole supply chain," says professor Jukka Rantanen from Department of Pharmacy.
The researchers are now working to refine the methods for this medical production.
###
This research has been financed by the Independent Research Fund Denmark.
DANIEL Ricciardo looks set to stay with Red Bull next season unless Formula One world champion Lewis Hamilton suddenly announces his retirement in the next few days, team boss Christian Horner has said.
The race-winning Australian, who turned 29 last Sunday, is out of contract at the end of the year and has been mulling his options for months.
He has had Mercedes and Ferrari in his sights but, despite potential vacancies at both teams, neither has seemed interested.
"We've now got to the point where there is a desire from both sides to continue the relationship," Horner told reporters at the Red Bull factory ahead of this weekend's British Grand Prix.
"So it's just a matter of now really going through the detail and coming to a conclusion, which will certainly be done prior to the summer (August) break."
With Mercedes winning the last four drivers' and constructors' championships, and trading the lead with Ferrari this year, Horner recognised the champions could have lured Ricciardo away.
Daniel Ricciardo gets into the zone
"I think that had Mercedes put a serious offer on the table, or an offer, he would have been potentially interested," the Briton said.
"He's impatient to try and challenge for a world title so I think he would have had his head turned in the event of a Mercedes or a Ferrari offer, but I think those two teams look pretty set where they are."
Prior to the Austrian Grand Prix it was reported the gun Aussie was on the verge of re-signing with Red Bull, but he quickly clarified his position.
"I still don't have an answer - not just for you but in my own mind as well," Ricciardo said.
"There are still ongoing discussions."
Ricciardo says contesting for world titles is his overriding priority for 2019 and beyond - but also wants his achievements to date to be recognised in his next deal.
"I said it from the start, the priority is to try and get a car that can win a world title because I really believe I can. So that's the first thing in my mind," he said.
"If there was absolutely no possibility then you look into other things, but I think as a driver I think I've done enough now … even Lewis (Hamilton) touched on it, and I didn't even need to really say it, your value as a driver is not 'X' amount of money it's just what you feel your value is and what you bring to the sport.
Red Bull look set to keep the band together for next season.
"I feel I hold a certain value so I just want to at least match that with my expectations and what also people value me as."
Mercedes is yet to confirm either of their drivers for 2019, but Hamilton is expected to agree to a lucrative new deal imminently and Finland's Valtteri Bottas is also expected to stay.
Ferrari has confirmed the spot of Ricciardo's former teammate Sebastian Vettel, a four-time world champion who is leading Hamilton by a single point ahead of Silverstone, and Monegasque rookie Charles Leclerc is favourite to replace Kimi Raikkonen.
Horner said Ricciardo suited Red Bull's brand image and was a popular member of a team set to trade Renault engines for Honda power next year.
Asked whether Ricciardo would get equal money to 20-year-old Dutch hotshot Max Verstappen, the winner in Austria last weekend, Horner said only that each had their own value.
"Obviously, one of the things he was waiting to understand was where we were going with engines as well. He's seen and understood the decision-making behind where we've gone," Horner said.
"Hopefully, the rest of it becomes a formality, unless Lewis announces his retirement at the British Grand Prix this weekend."
- with AAP
Bilton claimed a comprehensive victory over local rivals Beckwithshaw as the 2017 Airedale & Wharfedale League champions' poor start to the season continued.
Ross Sedgley's men find themselves in the Division One drop zone following just one win from their opening six fixtures, while Saturday's success sees Bilton leapfrog them and escape the relegation places.
Opener Joseph Holderness hit 57 for ‘Shaw, but it took him 141 balls, and the hosts needed a rapid 49 not out from Oli Hotchkiss to get them to 213/6.
Mustahsan Ali Shaw then took centre stage, smashing 27 fours and three sixes in a 125-ball knock of 156 as the away side wrapped up a nine-wicket derby triumph in the 38th over.
“I've been at Bilton four years and this is our first win against Beckwithshaw. It was very sweet,” captain Ryan Bradshaw reflected.
“Mush was unbelievable. His hitting was relentless, plus he had just bowled 14 overs and is observing Ramadan.”
Newly-promoted Follifoot continue to excel in the top-flight and Saturday's success on the road at Pool ensures that they remain within touching distance of top spot.
The home team managed to put 177 on the board in the face of some excellent bowling by Istikhar Hussain who finished up with a return of 6-41.
It then took Paul Angove's high-flyers until the 43rd over to knock off the runs with Nick Robinson finishing unbeaten on 52, while 38 runs came from the bat of Cameron Martin and Yasar Ali added 32 not out.
Follifoot remain second in the table following their fifth win in six outings, just six points behind leaders Otley.
Collingham & Linton were beaten for the second week in succession, going down at home to Colton Institute, the team relegated from Division One alongside them at the end of the previous campaign.
Christopher Bridge was the pick of the hosts' attack, helping himself to 4-38, and the ever-reliable Toby Jacklin also snared three visiting batsmen.
Collingham will have fancied their chances of chasing down 163 for victory, however they lost wickets at regular intervals and were eventually sent back to the pavilion well shy of the mark on 125.
Jack Burke managed 23 not out, but received little by way of support from his team-mates.
Defeat drops Jack Harrison's troops down to fifth in the Division Two standings.
You might have seen a tweet or Facebook post over the past week with a pic of someone's swollen iPhone 8 case. A handful of such claims have surfaced since the phone started shipping on Sept. 22, and as expected, they're making headlines all across the web. But there's no reason to worry yet.
Bulging batteries are caused by a buildup of gases inside the cell. It generally affects older batteries that are reaching the end of their lifespan, but while it's rare, it's not completely uncommon for it to affect new batteries as well. In fact, if you search for “iPhone 7 battery swelling,” you'll find numerous cases of Apple swapping out new iPhones that experienced the very problem being spread across social media.
In total, there have only been six reported cases of bulging batteries, an infinitesimally small number when you consider the millions of phones that were likely sold over the past two weeks. Granted, there could be many more that haven't been posted on social media or news sites, but if it was a widespread issue, we likely would have heard about it by now.
Apple has said it is looking into the claims.
Faulty smartphones batteries receive a ton of attention these days due to Samsung Galaxy Note7 recall last year. Back in September 2016, reports began to emerge of Note 7s that were spontaneously catching on fire, with photo evidence. In one case, a Jeep was totaled after a charging Note 7 combusted and set the car on fire. Samsung ended up issuing a global recall for the Note 7, and the Federal Aviation Administration banned the phone on all flights.
Martyn Williams The Galaxy Note7 was banned on flights by the FAA.
But so far these are different problems. In Samsung's case, the issue was traced back to several manufacturing defects. In the most common instance, the “negative electrode windings” were bent within the batter assembly, causing internal short circuits. Other issues included improper welding, substandard separators, and missing insulation tape. In short, Samsung's vendors supplied them with faulty batteries, which weren't caught before they ended up in shipping phones.
But while there's no evidence of iPhone 8 batteries causing any harm or property damage, a swelling smartphone battery is still cause for concern. Swelling can affect any lithium-ion or lithium-polymer battery, and it can affect all products, not just smartphones. If your iPhone 8 (or any other phone, tablet, or laptop) shows signs of swelling, don't charge your device or try to puncture the battery. Take it to your nearest Apple Store where they can properly dispose of it.
The impact on you at home: Hopefully there won't be one. The batteries inside our phones are much more dangerous than we'd like to think they are, but considering there are billions of them in the world, the instances of problems are very small. If anything, reports like these highlight the need for a better battery solution that doesn't rely on chemical-filled cells in our pockets. Apple, Google, and Samsung are no doubt working on the next battery breakthrough, and it can't come soon enough.
U.S. Air Force Tech. Sgt. Robert Taylor, propulsion mechanic with the 177th Fighter Wing of the New Jersey Air National Guard, controls the throttle of an F-16C+ Fighting Falcon engine, while Master Sgt. Andre Lazaro, engine test cell supervisor, reviews engine telemetry data point printouts during testing at the propulsion shop's engine test facility, located at the Atlantic City Air National Guard Base in Egg Harbor Township, N.J. on Jan. 31, 2017. The facility, also known as the "Hush House", is a multi-function building that can be used to perform diagnostic, troubleshooting and follow-on maintenance testing of the General Electric F110-GE-100 turbofan, which produces close to 29,000 pounds of static thrust in afterburner and can propel the Fighting Falcon to approximately twice the speed of sound. (U.S. Air National Guard photo by Master Sgt. Andrew J. Moseley/Released)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 01.31.2017 Date Posted: 02.14.2017 22:14 Photo ID: 3165536 VIRIN: 170131-Z-YH452-040 Resolution: 6016x4016 Size: 4.5 MB Location: EGG HARBOR TOWNSHIP, NJ, US Web Views: 1 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Air National Guardsmen utilize multi-function engine test cell facility [Image 1 of 9], by MSgt Andrew Moseley, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Dimethyl Ester Market by Product Type (Type I, Type II ) by Application /End User (Aerosol Propellant, LPG Blending, Transportation Fuel ) by Industry Analysis, Volume, Share, Growth, Challenges, Trends and Forecast 2017–2025.
This report studies the Dimethyl Ester Market status and outlook of global and major regions, from angles of manufacturers, regions, product types and end industries; this report analyses the top manufacturers in global and major regions, and splits the Dimethyl Ester Market by product type and applications/end industries.
The Market estimations in this report are based on the Marketed sale price of Dimethyl Ester (excluding any discounts provided by the manufacturer, distributor, wholesaler or traders). The percentage splits, Market shares, and breakdowns of the product segments are derived on the basis of weightages assigned to each of the segments on the basis of their utilization rate and average sale price. The regional splits of the overall Dimethyl Ester Market and its sub-segments are based on the percentage adoption or utilization of the given product in the respective region or country.
Enquiry about report OR ask for Sample Report @
https://www.profsharemarketresearch.com/sample/dimethyl-ester-market-report-sample/
This research study involved the extensive usage of both primary and secondary data sources. The research process involved the study of various factors affecting the industry, including the government policy, Market environment, competitive landscape, historical data, present trends in the Market, technological innovation, upcoming technologies and the technical progress in related industry, and Market risks, opportunities, Market barriers and challenges.
Major players in the Market are identified through secondary research and their Market revenues determined through primary and secondary research. Secondary research included the research of the annual and financial reports of the top manufacturers; whereas, primary research included extensive interviews of key opinion leaders and industry experts such as experienced front-line staff, directors, CEOs and Marketing executives. The percentage splits, Market shares, growth rate and breakdowns of the product Markets are determined through using secondary sources and verified through the primary sources.
Dimethyl Ester Market : Product Type
• Type I
• Type II
Dimethyl Ester Market : End User / Application
• Aerosol Propellant
• LPG Blending
• Transportation Fuel
Access Full Report @ https://www.profsharemarketresearch.com/dimethyl-ester-market-report/
Contact Info:
Mia Cox
Sales Manager
Profshare Market Research
US : +1-646-776-5607
miacox@profsharemarketresearch.com
© CNNMoney
There was likely a collective gasp at OppenheimerFunds Inc. yesterday when President Donald Trump made another of those market-moving pronouncements, telling Fox News thatThe President stated: "You know they owe a lot of money to your friends on Wall Street. We're gonna have to wipe that out. That's gonna have to be - you know, you can say goodbye to that. I don't know if it's Goldman Sachs but whoever it is, you can wave good-bye to that."The reality is that(As a result of Congressional legislation,This has made the individual bonds and mutual funds particularly attractive in places like New York City where residents pay a Federal, state and local income tax.)According to a semi-annual report made last month at the Securities and Exchange Commission,a popular tax-free fund held by many New York investors, was sitting on a boatload of Puerto Rico municipal bonds as of June 30, 2017. The SEC filing shows over 100 different Puerto Rico bonds, issued by the Commonwealth and numerous other Puerto Rico issuers like the Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority and the Puerto Rico Sales Tax Financing Corp. (The fund, of course, holds a widely diversified portfolio of other bonds as well.)For more, go here.
Misty Kruger and Niki Janke from USD 501 join the show to talk about how people in the community can help pay off students' lunch debts. They also discuss what the school district is looking forward to in 2018.
Jill Lincoln from Wendy's joins the show to talk about their Giving Back Campaign. This year, a portion of proceeds from Wendy's sales goes to local nonprofit Let's Help.
Allie Manning joins the show to discuss everything that's happening at the Expocentre.
Photo courtesy of MGN Online and USDA
Kruger/Janke Interview PT 1
Kruger/Janke Interview PT 2
Jill Lincoln Interview
Allie Manning Interview
MONTEVIDEO, Uruguay — Kyle Gimour will captain Canada 'A' against Argentina XV at the Americas Pacific Challenge on Saturday.
The six-team rugby tournament also features developmental sides from Uruguay, the U.S. Samoa and Tonga.
"Argentina, whether it's the Pumas, Jaguars or XV side, are known for playing a wide, expansive brand of rugby with a lot of decoy runners and offloads and we're going to have to be ready for that," Canada coach Mike Shelley said in a statement.
Canada opened last year's tournament with a 56-29 loss to an Argentine side, with five returnees – Adrian Wadden, Conor Keys, Pat Parfrey, Lucas Rumball and Guiseppe du Toit – in the starting lineup for Saturday's game.
The Department of Environmental Quality has deemed a mining permit "complete and compliant." This, after years of back and forth as Tintina Resources pushes for the Black Butte Copper Mine, located near the Smith River just outside of White Sulphur Springs.
Jerry Zieg, Senior Vice President for Tintina Resources, tells KFBB getting to this point with the DEQ has not only been a long process, it's been incredibly detailed. The department came back at the mining company several times asking for clarification relating to groundwater geochemistry and groundwater levels.
And despite ongoing protests from community members, due the mine's proximity to the Smith River, Zieg says the company is optimistic and excited moving forward.
"This is a real milestone, this is a pretty big deal. It's taken a great deal of effort and time to achieve this, and it's really quite an accomplishment. And I think it's given everybody involved a lot of confidence in the veracity of this proposal," says Zieg.
From here, a third party contractor chosen by the DEQ will begin the process of an environmental impact study. That should begin within the next few weeks and take about a year to complete. During that time, the public will have a chance to participate during a number of comment periods and public hearings.
By The Associated Press
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE W L Pct GB Boston 23 5 .821 — Cleveland 19 8 .704 3½ Toronto 17 7 .708 4 Milwaukee 15 10 .600 6½ Indiana 16 11 .593 6½ Washington 14 12 .538 8 Detroit 14 12 .538 8 Philadelphia 13 13 .500 9 New York 13 13 .500 9 Miami 12 13 .480 9½ Brooklyn 10 15 .400 11½ Orlando 11 17 .393 12 Charlotte 9 16 .360 12½ Atlanta 6 20 .231 16 Chicago 5 20 .200 16½ WESTERN CONFERENCE W L Pct GB Houston 20 4 .833 — Golden State 21 6 .778 ½ San Antonio 19 8 .704 2½ Minnesota 16 11 .593 5½ Denver 14 12 .538 7 Portland 13 12 .520 7½ New Orleans 14 13 .519 7½ Utah 13 14 .481 8½ Oklahoma City 12 13 .480 8½ L.A. Lakers 10 15 .400 10½ L.A. Clippers 9 15 .375 11 Phoenix 9 19 .321 13 Sacramento 8 18 .308 13 Memphis 8 18 .308 13 Dallas 7 20 .259 14½
___
Saturday's Games
L.A. Clippers 113, Washington 112
Miami 101, Brooklyn 89
L.A. Lakers 110, Charlotte 99
Atlanta 117, Orlando 110
Chicago 104, New York 102
Cleveland 105, Philadelphia 98
Milwaukee 117, Utah 100
Oklahoma City 102, Memphis 101, OT
San Antonio 104, Phoenix 101
Houston 124, Portland 117
Sunday's Games
Toronto 102, Sacramento 87
Boston 91, Detroit 81
Indiana 126, Denver 116, OT
Minnesota 97, Dallas 92
New Orleans 131, Philadelphia 124
New York 111, Atlanta 107
Monday's Games
Boston at Chicago, 8 p.m.
Charlotte at Oklahoma City, 8 p.m.
Miami at Memphis, 8 p.m.
New Orleans at Houston, 8 p.m.
Portland at Golden State, 10:30 p.m.
Toronto at L.A. Clippers, 10:30 p.m.
Tuesday's Games
Atlanta at Cleveland, 7 p.m.
Denver at Detroit, 7 p.m.
L.A. Lakers at New York, 7 p.m.
Washington at Brooklyn, 7:30 p.m.
San Antonio at Dallas, 8:30 p.m.
Philadelphia at Minnesota, 9:30 p.m.
Phoenix at Sacramento, 10 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
L.A. Clippers at Orlando, 7 p.m.
Memphis at Washington, 7 p.m.
Oklahoma City at Indiana, 7 p.m.
Denver at Boston, 7:30 p.m.
Portland at Miami, 7:30 p.m.
Milwaukee at New Orleans, 8 p.m.
Utah at Chicago, 8 p.m.
Toronto at Phoenix, 9 p.m.
Charlotte at Houston, 9:30 p.m.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Ed Fale, the longtime schools chief of Valley Stream District 24, said Monday he will not seek a contract extension after the end of the school year following “discussions with the school board about its vision for the future.”
“I have loved being your superintendent and still do,” Fale, 69, said in a statement provided to Newsday. Fale said he made the announcement at the Nov. 29 school board meeting.
“I am so proud of what we have accomplished in this district together,” said Fale, who began as superintendent in 1998.
He declined an interview request.
School board president John Maier said the district will select a firm to conduct the search for Fale's successor.
“His contract is set to expire June 30, 2018, and he never asked for an extension,” Maier said on Monday. “Usually, he would ask around September or October, and he hasn't asked.”
Anthony Iadevaio, the vice president of District 24's school board, said in an interview that he favored keeping Fale and called him “an effective superintendent.”
Iadevaio said his colleagues on the board “felt they wanted to look in another direction.”
Get the Newsday Now newsletter! The best of Newsday every day in your inbox. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Fale's salary is $135,000 for the 2017-18 school year, plus $8,500 in benefits, according to the State Education Department.
In the past year, Fale was among community activists and politicians who called on the Hempstead Town Industrial Development Agency to overturn tax breaks granted in 2014 and 2015 for renovation of the Green Acres Mall and construction of an adjacent shopping center, the Green Acres Commons, both in Valley Stream.
Fale and the activists believed the tax breaks led to increased taxes for homeowners. The IDA, while maintaining the hikes were due to budgeting errors by Valley Stream School District 30, voted to revoke the tax breaks because the properties' owner, California-based Macerich, allegedly “grossly misstated” employment figures for the completed projects. The IDA and Macerich are currently involved in a lawsuit over the revocation.
The Valley Stream Central High School District in June sued Fale's district, which is one of three elementary school districts that feed into the high school system, seeking more than $2 million in taxes that the District 24 withheld over concerns about how tax breaks are factored into the schools' budgeting practices. In November, Nassau Supreme Court Justice Jack Libert ordered District 24 to pay the high school district $2 million plus interest.
Maier said there was “no division over that,” referring to the advocacy and lawsuit with the high school district and noting that Fale “did an excellent job with the Green Acres pilot program.”
With Stefanie Dazio
The Dude Site Donor 2016
Join Date: Jul 2011 Posts: 5,024
Deuce and Jim Henderson Does anyone listen to the games on 870? I have to sometimes and Deuce is an absolutely horrible color guy. He has zero enthusiasm and zero chemistry with Jim Henderson. Henderson has even taken to screwing with him a little bit and it goes completely over his head. He says the same **** over and over again.
Loved the guy as a player but good god he is aweful.
I knew Hokie would be hard to replace but there has to be an alternative
I wish they would move Kristian Garic up from the sidelines. Deuce seems better suited for that anyway.
MOSCOW: Chief of Army Staff (COAS) General Qamar Javed Bajwa reached Russia on official visit.
COAS met Colonel General Oleg Salyukov, Commander Russian Federation Ground Forces at Kremlin Palace.
Upon arrival COAS was presented guard of honour who laid wreath at the Tomb of unknown soldier. National anthems of both countries were played.
The Russian Ground Forces Commander acknowledged achievements of Pakistan Army in fight against terrorism and contributions for regional peace and stability. Russian Ground Forces Commander said that Pakistan is a geo-strategically important country and Russia is keen to expand its existing bilateral military to military cooperation.
General Qamar Javed Bajwa thanked Russian Ground Forces Commander and said that Pakistan reciprocates desire of enhanced bilateral military engagements. COAS said that Russia has recently played a positive role to help resolve complex situations in the region.
He said that Pakistan will continue to play its part to keep conflicts away from the region and seek approaches which bring regional convergences into play rather that the divergences.—NNI
Carindale, Australia – 04 July 2018 – Socks And Undies is offering the best way to Buy underwear online Australia for the best prices.
One way or the other, we all need our underwear. Both the sucks and the undies need to be comfortable as well as let the body breathe, so to speak. Sure enough, the market these days is pretty much filled with all kinds of offers that are meant to easily satisfy even the most refined needs and requirements. Yet, odds are, you are going to be off looking for the ideal combination of price and quality out there. Which is one of the many reasons why you will want to view Socks And Undies as your number one Cheap underwear Australia provider out there.
With years of experience on the market, Socks And Undies is offering the one of a kind opportunity to really make the most from your needs and requirements within the very least amount of time possible. And, of course, regardless of what size you may well be, what kind of socks or undies you may well be looking for and what color, the resource will allow you to both Buy men's underwear Australia and Buy womens underwear Australia for the prices that will suit you the most. Regardless of what kind of underwear you need to wear and even if you are looking to Buy plus size underwear Australia, Socks And Undies has got you covered and will prove to be an invaluable asset in finding the perfect pair of undies that will last very long and will not let you down. Hence, if you are looking for the ideal option and one that will not cost you a small fortune, but something of a brand name indeed, do not hesitate to check out the above-mentioned solution and you will definitely keep on coming back for more.
Unlike many other providers and vendors that are just as readily available on the market these days, you can count on Socks And Undies to provide you with the best Massimo Underwear Australia that will look good and will be extremely comfortable as well.
About Socks And Undies:
Socks And Undies is an established Australian provider that is offering a one of a kind opportunity to make the most from the best socks and underwear the market has to offer. Regardless of what kind of socks or underwear you may well be looking for, this is the ideal way to go indeed.
Contact:
Company Name: Socks And Undies
Address: 107 Scrub Rd, Carindale, QLD 4152, Australia
Phone: 1300 782 862
Email: info@socksnundies.com.au
Website: https://socksnundies.com.au
KOLKATA: Trinamool Congress (TMC) candidate Dulal Chandra Das is leading by a huge margin of over 33,000 votes from Maheshtala Assembly constituency after six rounds of counting. Communist Party of India (Marxist) candidate is on the second spot, followed by BJP.
The seat fell vacant after TMC MLA Kasturi Das' death in February 2018.
Amid a tight layer of security, the counting of votes for bypolls to 10 crucial Legislative Assembly constituencies began on Thursday morning.
× Wilkes-Barre Duathlon
From two feet to two wheels, an event featuring a few of our area's most popular outdoor activities is about to launch in Luzerne County.
The 14th annual Wilkes-Barre Duathlon takes place this Father's Day weekend.
The race features a 3.1-mile run, a 16-mile bike, and a 3.1-mile run through the City of Wilkes-Barre and Hanover Township.
The duathlon can be done as an individual or team.
Newswatch 16's Ryan Leckey highlighted the event on Thursday.
The duathlon raises funds for the Wilkes-Barre Family YMCA's Aquatic Program.
QUICK FACTS:
WHAT: Wilkes-Barre Duathlon
WHEN: Sunday, 7:30 a.m.
WHERE: Event Starts & Finishes on Public Square in Wilkes-Barre.
COST: Around $69.00 and up depending on how you plan to compete in the race.
HOW TO SIGN UP: You can pre-register online here starting at noon on Friday through Saturday at 6 p.m. You can also register in person Saturday, June 17, on Public Square in Wilkes-Barre from 3 p.m. to 6 p.m.
Pre-registration is required. You cannot register the day of the race.
If you have questions surrounding the event, contact race director Rob Gould at 570-599-7933 or email him at Rob@secondwindtiming.com.
DETROIT (AP) — Michigan State Police officials say they now believe four shootings on Detroit's freeway system are linked to the same suspect or suspects.
The agency's Metro Detroit post says a woman recently reported that her car was hit by gunfire on Thursday along Interstate 94 on the city's east side. Police say the gunfire occurred on the same day and in the same area as three other shootings.
One of the shootings along I-94 left a driver with a leg wound. Three other vehicles were struck but drivers weren't injured.
Police say they're looking for a silver or gray sedan seen at some of the shootings.
Extra police patrols have been added to area freeways.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
New Delhi: Pregnancy is both a blessing and a tough time for every woman, especially the first time. First-time mothers go through a lot during this phase and there are many thoughts that take over the mind at the time.
One of the most recurring thoughts is about the final stage of pregnancy – Labour. How will it be, how much does it pain, will I be able to handle it, how long will it take, and many other questions cloud a first-time mother's brain.
Sarah-Jayne Ljungstrom, a 35-year-old woman from London, knew that this is something all women go through and decided to do something about it.
In a technologically-driven world, where social media platforms have taken the form of a medium through which you can get your voice heard and reach out to the world, Sarah-Jayne or SJ, as she is known among her friends, found her opportunity.
While eating pizza at her home, Sarah-Jayne's waters broke. When she realized that, she switched on her camera and broadcast the entire 24-hour-long process of her labour live on Facebook to an audience of 200,000 strangers to show the reality of a normal birth.
The mother of two (now three), who is a director at an ad-agency, posted five videos showing live contractions and updates as her baby "moved down the birth canal".
"I have been vlogging (video blog) about motherhood and my pregnancy this year so it was natural for me to do the same and share my labour. I find being a mum so rewarding but it can be overwhelming and lonely," Ljungstrom said.
Check out her updates below!
Ljungstrom didn't go live with the birthing but she did announce her newborn daughter's name, Eveline. The baby was also seen arriving home with her mum and dad Henrik, and meeting her big brothers Freddie, six, and three-year-old Finn Barnaby Bo.
(With IANS inputs)
BUCHAREST, Romania (AP) — Britain's defense minister says Russian aggression toward NATO is increasing and the alliance was right to have agreed to a “very high readiness taskforce.”
Michael Fallon said Thursday that Russia had annexed Crimea, threatened the Baltic states, and interfered in the democratic processes in Western Europe with “propaganda and other means,” in the past three years.
He also accused Russia of “aggression in the eastern Mediterranean, prolonging the conflict in Syria,” adding “the threat to NATO particularly to the southeastern flank is growing.”
He said the alliance had rightly agreed to “a very high readiness taskforce which is ….demonstrating the rapid response that NATO requires.”
Advertisement
Fallon is on a two-day visit to Romania, where he has stressed that Britain, which will leave the European Union, remains committed to European security.
Elements of Byron has won the Best Pool award and made the Top 50 Hotels in the 2018 Gourmet Traveller Australian Hotel Awards.
Elements of Byron has won the Best Pool award and made the Top 50 Hotels in the 2018 Gourmet Traveller Australian Hotel Awards. Elements of Byron
AUSTRALIAN food and travel magazine Gourmet Traveller announced its annual hotel awards this week and one North Coast resort is on the list.
Elements of Byron's brand new Summer Salt adults only swimming pool has been named the best pool in Australia for 2018.
Development director at Elements of Byron, Jeremy Holmes, said they were very excited to receive the award and also be listed on their Top 50 hotels in Australia.
Elements of Byron has won the Best Pool award and made the Top 50 Hotels in the 2018 Gourmet Traveller Australian Hotel Awards. Elements of Byron
"It's phenomenal, it's a very competitive landscape with lots of new hotels coming up with quirky new concepts and different ideas,” he said.
Since it opened six months ago, guests have been raving about the gorgeous pool, its swim-up bar and the tequila caravan serving up tasty Mexican cuisine.
"We thought it was a winner when we put it in and our guests absolutely loved it and raved about it,” Mr Holmes said.
"We're really happy with the success of it but it is nice to be recognised by the industry that we have the best hotel pool in Australia.”
Elements of Byron has won the Best Pool award and made the Top 50 Hotels in the 2018 Gourmet Traveller Australian Hotel Awards. Elements of Byron
Mr Holmes said they received a call last week informing them Elements of Byron had been nominated.
"We didn't enter into the awards,” he said.
"(Gourmet Traveller) travel around and do a sort of secret shopper approach to all the hotels.
"They contacted us just last week to let us know that we had been nominated, along with another new hotel in Brisbane called the Johnson and the new Sofitel Sydney in Darling Harbour.”
"We were also nominated for the best bar, but we were runner-up in that.”
Elements of Byron has won the Best Pool award and made the Top 50 Hotels in the 2018 Gourmet Traveller Australian Hotel Awards. Elements of Byron
The winners were announced on Monday, May 28.
"It's extra exposure, which is always great and we're known for quite a number of things and this is one of them, so it is nice to have the recognition for it,” Mr Holmes said.
Here are all 11 winners in the fifth annual Gourmet Traveller Australian Hotel Guide Awards.
Every September, the end of the fiscal year sparks a "use it or lose it" spending frenzy as federal agencies race to use up what's left in their annual budgets. It's a phenomenon that should drive taxpayers crazy. Agencies are afraid that if they spend less than their budget allows, Congress might send them less money in the next year. Agencies often try to spend everything that's left instead of admitting they can operate on less.
Here are the top ten ways the government wasted taxpayer money in the last week of FY2017:
1. The Swamp Starts Here - Even the president was in on this year's spending frenzy. In the last week of FY2017, President Donald Trump's office alone spent $21.8 million, which is more than three times the $6 million former President Barack Obama's office spent to close out FY2016. Trump's spending included $6.2 million in electrical hardware and supplies; $490,000 on tents and tarps; $489,517 on furniture; $10,612 on floor coverings; and $197,438 on newspapers and periodicals
2. Booze-Based Diplomacy - The State Department spent nearly $79,000 on booze for ten American embassies including Nigeria ($4,288), Peru ($4,453), Denmark ($4,736), Belgium ($6,760), Zambia ($6,429), and Sri Lanka ($9,613).
3. Armored Vehicles for HHS - In then-Secretary Tom Price's final week in office, the Department of Health and Human Services led the charge, spending more than $2 billion. This spending included a $1.5 million deal with Square One Armoring Services Company for a fleet of armored vehicles.
4. Guns, Ammo, and Military-Style Equipment - Non-military agencies embarked on a one-week arms race, spending $7.3 million on guns, ammunition, and weapons. The Department of Homeland Security ($4.4 million) and the Department of Justice ($1.6 million) bought the most weaponry. However, The Department of Agriculture, for example, spent $306,617 on guns from Glock, Inc., plus an array of ammunition. In addition to guns and ammo, agencies loaded up on night vision equipment ($1.5 million); personal armor ($3.5 million); and combat, assault, and tactical vehicles ($284,457).
5. Insect and Rodent Control at the VA - The federal government did some end-of-the-year cleaning, paying $152.5 million in "housekeeping" bills. While agencies paid $114 million to guards and facilities operations support, they also signed for custodial janitorial ($24.3 million); laundry and dry cleaning ($2.9 million); surveillance ($2.7 million); trash and garbage collection ($1 million); carpet cleaning ($630,943); interior plantscaping ($154,458); and snow removal/salt ($127,373). "Housekeeping" contracts included insect and rodent control, which cost $111,000 at the Department of Veterans Affairs.
6. Redecorating Allowance - For the new fiscal year, many federal agencies decided to redecorate. In one week, the government spent $83.4 million on furniture plus another $23 million on office supplies and equipment. The Department of Veterans Affairs spent $15.6 million on new office furniture including $4.7 million to a veteran-owned company, American Veteran Office Furniture, LLC. The largest furniture contractor across all agencies, however, was Knoll, Inc. ($6.2 million) - a luxury furniture company that has 40 pieces permanently displayed in the American Museum of Modern Art in New York City.
7. Self-Promotion (PR) Machine - The government spent tens of millions of dollars on last-minute self-promotion. Agencies spent $18.6 million on public relations, $11.7 million on market research and public opinion, and $5.5 million on communications. Further, $28.8 million went to advertising efforts - the Department of Homeland Security spent $15 million on advertising, including a $6.7 million deal with Lempugh, Inc., and a $4 million contract with the Ogilvy Group. Further, the Department of Veterans Affairs spent $3.2 million on signs and advertising displays with S2 Ventures, LLC.
If you need further evidence regarding how wasteful and irresponsible Washington D.C. is when it comes to our tax dollars, look no further than the behavior of agencies under Donald "drain the swamp" Trump.This year's spending binge amounted to $11 billion in the last fiscal year week of 2017, and many of the excesses were detailed byFounder and CEO, Adam Andrzejewski, in a recent Forbes article.Here are some of the highlights from the piece, Use It Or Lose It - Trump's Agencies Spent $11 Billion Last Week In Year-End Spending Spree You really can't make this stuff up.For more, read the entire article
Have you heard the good news? HBO's limited series adaptation of Sharp Objects will premiere on the prestige network this Sunday.
If you aren't quite as jazzed about the show as we are, perhaps this will help you come around: Not only is the 8-episode series based on the best-selling mystery novel by Gone Girl author Gillian Flynn, who also wrote several episodes, but it's directed by Jean-Marc Vallée, who helmed your fave HBO book-to-series drama, Big Little Lies.
And—wait for it—Sharp Objects stars Amy Adams and Patricia Clarkson (who have 6 Oscar nominations between them), as well as The Mindy Project's resident cutie Chris Messina.
Anne Marie Fox/HBO
Whoa. Take a breath. That's a lot of awesome to process.
Reading the original source material is not a prerequisite for viewing Sharp Objects, however, like BLL, it is highly recommended (by me) that you do read the novel, because it's 1) really good and 2) only 250-pages long, so you really don't have an excuse not to. July 4 beach read, anyone?
Anne Marie Fox/HBO
RELATED: The 7 TV Shows You Can't Miss This July
But OK, if you need even more incentive to read and/or watch Sharp Objects, listen to this compelling plot summary: Chicago-based journalist Camille Preaker (Adams) returns to her hometown and the estate of her estranged (not to mention, super creepy) mother to report on the respective murder and disappearance of two young girls in the community, a move which forces her to confront psychological ghosts from her own past. Part eerie family drama, part murder mystery … If you aren't already queuing this up on your DVR, are you even human?
Anne Marie Fox/HBO
TL;DR: Sharp Objects, series of the summer, premieres on HBO at 9 p.m. PT/ET on Sunday, July 8, and you won't want to miss it.
By The Associated Press
Saturday, Dec. 16 Celebration Bowl At Atlanta
NC A&T (11-0) vs. Grambling State (11-1), Noon (ABC)
New Orleans Bowl
North Texas (9-4) vs. Troy (10-2), 1 p.m. (ESPN)
Cure Bowl Orlando, Fla.
Georgia State (6-5) vs. Western Kentucky (6-6), 2:30 p.m. (CBSSN)
Las Vegas Bowl
Boise State (10-3) vs. Oregon (7-5), 3:30 p.m. (ABC)
New Mexico Bowl Albuquerque
Colorado State (7-5) vs. Marshall (7-5), 4:30 p.m. (ESPN)
Camellia Bowl Montgomery, Ala.
Arkansas State (7-3) vs. Middle Tennessee (6-6), 8 p.m. (ESPN)
Tuesday, Dec. 19 Boca Raton (Fla.) Bowl
Akron (7-6) vs. FAU (10-3), 7 p.m. (ESPN)
Wednesday, Dec. 20 Frisco (Texas) Bowl
Louisiana Tech (6-6) vs. SMU (7-5), 8 p.m. (ESPN)
Thursday, Dec. 21 Gasparilla Bowl At St. Petersburg, Fla.
Temple (6-6) vs. FIU (8-4), 8 p.m. (ESPN)
Friday, Dec. 22 Bahamas Bowl Nassau
Ohio (8-4) vs. UAB (8-4), 12:30 p.m. (ESPN)
Famous Idaho Potato Bowl Boise
Central Michigan (7-5) vs. Wyoming (7-5), 4 p.m. (ESPN)
Saturday, Dec. 23 Birmingham (Ala.) Bowl
South Florida (9-2) vs. Texas Tech (6-6), Noon (ESPN)
Armed Forces Bowl Fort Worth, Texas
San Diego State (10-2) vs. Army (9-3), 3:30 p.m. (ESPN)
Dollar General Bowl Mobile, Ala.
Appalachian State (8-4) vs. Toledo (11-2), 7 p.m. (ESPN)
Sunday, Dec. 24 Hawaii Bowl Honolulu
Fresno State (9-4) vs. Houston (7-4), 8:30 p.m. (ESPN)
Tuesday, Dec. 26 Heart of Dallas Bowl
West Virginia (7-5) vs. Utah (6-6), 1:30 p.m. (ESPN)
Quick Lane Bowl Detroit
Northern Illinois (8-4) vs. Duke (6-6), 5:15 p.m. (ESPN)
Cactus Bowl Phoenix
Kansas State (7-5) vs. UCLA (6-6), 9 p.m. (ESPN)
Wednesday, Dec. 27 Independence Bowl Shreveport, La.
Southern Mississippi (8-4) vs. Florida State (6-6), 1:30 p.m. (ESPN)
Pinstripe Bowl Bronx, N.Y.
Boston College (7-5) vs. Iowa (7-5), 5:15 p.m. (ESPN)
Foster Farms Bowl Santa Clara, Calif.
Arizona (7-5) vs. Purdue (6-6), 8:30 p.m. (FOX)
Texas Bowl Houston
Texas (6-6) vs. Missouri (7-5), 9 p.m. (ESPN)
Thursday, Dec. 28 Military Bowl Annapolis, Md.
Virginia (6-6) vs. Navy (6-6), 1:30 p.m. (ESPN)
Camping World Bowl Orlando, Fla.
Oklahoma State (9-3) vs. Virginia Tech (9-3), 5:15 p.m. (ESPN)
Alamo Bowl San Antonio
Stanford (9-4) vs. TCU (10-3), 9 p.m. (ESPN)
Holiday Bowl San Diego
Washington State (9-3) vs. Michigan State (9-3), 9 p.m. (FOX)
Friday, Dec. 29 Belk Bowl Charlotte, N.C.
Wake Forest (7-5) vs. Texas A&M (7-5), 1 p.m. (ESPN)
Sun Bowl El Paso, Texas
NC State (8-4) vs. Arizona State (7-5), 3 p.m. (CBS)
Music City Bowl Nashville, Tenn.
Kentucky (7-5) vs. Northwestern (9-3), 4:30 p.m. (ESPN)
Arizona Bowl Tucson, Ariz.
New Mexico State (5-6) vs. Utah State (6-6), 5:30 p.m. (CBSSN)
Cotton Bowl Classic Arlington, Texas
Southern Cal (11-2) vs. Ohio State (11-2), 8:30 p.m. (ESPN)
Saturday, Dec. 30 TaxSlayer Bowl Jacksonville, Fla.
Louisville (8-4) vs. Mississippi State (8-4), Noon (ESPN)
Liberty Bowl Memphis, Tenn.
Iowa State (7-5) vs. Memphis (10-2), 12:30 p.m. (ABC)
Fiesta Bowl Glendale, Ariz.
Washington (10-2) vs. Penn State (10-2), 4 p.m. (ESPN)
Orange Bowl Miami Gardens, Fla.
Wisconsin (12-1) vs. Miami (10-2), 8 p.m. (ESPN)
Monday, Jan. 1 Outback Bowl Tampa, Fla.
Michigan (8-4) vs. South Carolina (8-4), Noon (ESPN2)
Peach Bowl Atlanta
UCF (12-0) vs. Auburn (10-3), 12:30 p.m. (ESPN)
Citrus Bowl Orlando, Fla.
Notre Dame (9-3) vs. LSU (9-3), 1 p.m. (ABC)
Rose Bowl (CFP Semifinal) Pasadena, Calif.
Oklahoma (12-1) vs. Georgia (12-1), 5:10 p.m. (ESPN)
Sugar Bowl (CFP Semifinal) New Orleans
Clemson (12-1) vs. Alabama (11-1), 8:45 p.m. (ESPN)
Monday, Jan. 8 College Football Championship Atlanta
Rose Bowl winner vs. Sugar Bowl winner, 8 p.m. (ESPN)
Saturday, Jan. 20 East-West Shrine Classic At St. Petersburg, Fla.
East vs. West, 3 p.m. (NFLN)
NFLPA Collegiate Bowl At Carson, Calif.
American vs. National, TBA (FS1)
Saturday, Jan. 27 Senior Bowl At Mobile, Ala.
North vs. South, 2:30 p.m. (NFLN)
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday congratulated Rahul Gandhi on his elevation as Congress president and wished him a fruitful tenure.
I congratulate Rahul Ji on his election as Congress President. My best wishes for a fruitful tenure. @OfficeOfRG — Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) December 11, 2017
Rahul was elected unopposed as the Congress chief, party's central election authority head Mullappally Ramachandran announced on Monday.
The CEA received a total of 89 nomination papers proposing Rahul's name for the top post. All the nomination papers were found to be valid, he added.
He will collect the certificate formally declaring his ascension to the post on December 16, Ramachandran told reporters in the national capital.
"Since the withdrawal of date/time is over and as there is only one candidate (Rahul), as per Article XVII (d) of the Constitution of Indian National Congress, I hereby declare Shri Rahul Gandhi elected as president of the Indian National Congress," Ramachandran said.
The 47-year-old scion of the Nehru-Gandhi family was the lone candidate in the fray.
Rahul succeeds his mother Sonia Gandhi, who remained in the post for 19 years.
He became the vice-president of the party in January 2013.
(With PTI inputs)
Over the course of just four days, scientists assembled a cast of the biggest dinosaur discovered to date.The cast assembled at Chicago's Field Museum, named Maximo, is 122 feet across and stands 38 feet tall at the head. Maximo is a member of the species Patagotitan mayorum, a long-necked, plant-eating dinosaur that lived over 100 million years ago in what is now Patagonia, Argentina. The cast takes up a third of the museum's main hall.Maximo is modeled from the fossil bones of seven individual dinosaurs of the same species that were excavated from a quarry."Our goal as an institution is to offer visitors the best possible dinosaur experiences, and we want that to start right when visitors first enter Stanley Field Hall," Field Museum president Richard Lariviere said in a news release . "The new titanosaur is huge and it looks amazing in Stanley Field Hall. It is the perfect home to display the world's largest dinosaur."
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
PLANO -- Who would steal from a church on Easter??
Well, someone did just that at the Community Unitarian Universalist Church in Plano over the weekend.
The stolen property was a rainbow flag that's been flying in front of the church since last October.
"It's just basically a sign of inclusivity," the Reverend Patrick Price of the CUUC said of the flag. "But it's also, I think, for some people a symbol of otherness if they aren't familiar with what is actually intended."
Yeah, flying that "symbol of otherness" has had some real consequences in this part of the world. But instead of the destructive vandalism and even violence we've seen in places like Dallas' Oak Lawn, this flag thief just replaced the rainbow flag with an American one - and even left a note.
"The person leaving it basically said they disagreed with the flag we had up so they took it down, and put up another flag, and said you can take that down if you don't like it," said Rev. Price. "I'm an Air Force veteran... to use that as sort of patriotism litmus test is ridiculous."
Price also pointed out that replacing the flag took some serious doing - it couldn't have been easy.
And, he says, "They did it really well, so it's great, and they put up a nice flag. So we're gonna keep it if they don't mind."
And alongside it, they'll fly a brand new rainbow flag they'd already purchased to replace the old one. Both will be displayed proudly, once the weather clears up some.
Safe to say the Reverend isn't too upset about what happened, but he does wish it had gone a little differently.
"There doesn't seem to be much maliciousness, only fear, I think, or misunderstanding," said Price. "I wish they'd come and had a conversation instead of taking it into their own hands."
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
According to the most recent data from the Office of National Statistics, from November 2017, the average UK house price now stands at £226,071.
However, the same data shows Cambridge house prices increased by 16.4 per cent to an average of £461,890. This number may already be outdated, as we've previously reported that Rightmove has listed the average Cambridge house price as being in excess of £500,000.
So, with this in mind, what can you actually buy in Cambridge for the price of the average British property, and how does this compare to the rest of the country? Here's the latest in our series of price comparisons.
Cambridge
There are a number of properties currently up for grabs in Cambridge that are slightly under the national average, at £225,000. First up, a two bedroom top floor flat (pictured above) in Ekin Road, positioned close to the River Cam and the city centre.
The property benefits from a balcony and a private garden, in addition to the double bedrooms.
There are four other properties for sale at this price; a one-bedroom flat in Ditton Lane, a one bedroom maisonette in St Bedes Gardens, another one-bedroom flat in Sturton Street and a one-bedroom house in Bagot Place.
Surprisingly, the prices of the flats and maisonettes above are in line with the national average of £224,390. However, the terraced house is above the national average of £187,278.
Manchester
For £226,000, £71 below the national average, you can also pick up an apartment in Manchester.
However, the difference here is that this two-bedroom apartment is a new build property, that's fully furnished with a contemporary design throughout - the only catch is that it is being sold as an investment property.
For below the UK average, you'll be able to pick up noted properties including a three bedroom semi-detached townhouse (pictured above), with features including a modern fitted kitchen, rear garden and a private rear driveway - all for £220,000.
Liverpool
Priced at just £27 below the average UK house price, you can pick up a two bedroom luxury apartment in the heart of Liverpool city centre.
The high-end development offers stunning waterfront views, strong security and unrivalled concierge services, as well as high class accommodation.
For below the average price, for approximately £220,000, you can pick up a plethora of stunning homes including a three bedroom detached home in the suburb of Huyton (well below the £356,726 national average for a detached property), just under eight miles outside of the city centre. This new build property is pictured above.
Other properties worth mentioning that are slightly below the national average are a two bedroom semi-detached bungalow and another spacious semi-detached home with five bedrooms. Both are on the market for £220,000.
Leeds
For something with a little prestige, you can pick up a penthouse apartment (pictured above) in a converted Victorian property in Leeds for less than the average UK house price.
The property is located in the neighbourhood of Chapel Allerton, and boasts many original features in addition to the expansive renovations.
Other properties of note that are below the national average include a charming three-bedroom bungalow in Rothwell, a three bedroom semi in LS27 and a two bedroom terraced house in Horsforth.
Newcastle
There are a multitude of properties currently priced in the £225,000 region for sale in Newcastle, which are the closest priced properties to the national average.
The most noteworthy of these is a detached home described as "immaculate", which is over £100,000 cheaper than the £356,726 national average for a detached home.
Other properties of note include another detached home in the same development as the above property (also offered for £250,000), while closer to the city centre, you can pick up a four bedroom semi (pictured above) for the same price.
Edinburgh
In terms of value for money, Edinburgh is probably the closest city to Cambridge on this list. Our pick of the properties priced closest to the national average in the Scottish capital is this two-bedroom flat in the city's Joppa district. This period property is available for £225,000, and is located just to the North East of the city centre.
Other properties available in line with the national average include a four bedroom terraced house, but dip below the standard asking price, and you'll be able to buy a new build two-bedroom apartment (pictured above) for £221,995.
Glasgow
Another noteworthy detached property that's over £100,000 cheaper than the national average for a detached home, as well as being slightly under the national average for a property in general.
Glenbuchat at Newton Farm is a new build four bedroom home offering contemporary accommodation in a quaint location.
The property is located approximately 12 miles from the city centre, which could explain the relatively affordable price of £225,995.
This isn't the only residential property on a new build development available below the national average; you can get a three bedroom detached house in the innovative Calderpark Gardens development for £220,000, or for something a little different, a recently extended semi-detached villa is available at the same price.
Cardiff
The properties priced closest to the national average are all just over £1,000 beneath the national average, priced at £225,000 apiece.
Of these, one of the more impressive can be found in Pontprennau, just over six miles from the city centre; a three bedroom semi that has been recently renovated inside and out, with a contemporary fitted kitchen and bathroom, and a landscaped garden.
Closer to the city itself, there are alternatives; a two-bedroom apartment in the sought-after Celestia development, and a three bedroom terraced home are both available for £220,000.
Birmingham
Properties closest to the average price over in the UK's second largest city include a three bedroom detached house, which is one of several homes currently available for £225,000.
As for properties below the asking price, you have a plethora of choices.
There's a new build detached home overlooking open fields in a highly desirable new development, and a luxury three bedroom semi on an exclusive development that overlooks Victoria Park.
In the early morning hours after Isaiah Murrietta was shot by a police officer, family members were already fearing the worst."My nephew is right here," a family member said. "May he rest in piece nephew. I miss you and I will always miss you."Police say Murrietta is a suspect in the murder investigation of 19-year-old Eugenio Ybarra. Ybarra died Friday when he drove his car into a tree in northeast Fresno after two men fired shots through his back window.Detectives believe Murrietta and his 17-year-old brother are those suspects, but the boys' grandfather disagrees."They lived with me," Israel Murrieta said. "I raised them boys since babies - all the way from babies - I raised them. They were good kids."Family members are now left with many questions - one being why the 16-year-old, who they say was a good kid, was shot."I understand you guys, Fresno PD, you got to do your job and I respect you to help all of us stay safe, but sometimes you guys overreact," a relative said. "And this one time, I think you guys overreacted because you shot an unarmed 16-year-old kid who was running because he was scared."Family members say doctors are expected to run tests on Murrietta to determine if he is clinically dead on Monday.The family originally told Action News they were mourning Murrietta's death even though he is still hanging on. They also say the brother who is wanted for the murder turned himself in after the shooting.Action News reached out to police to confirm if that is true and to get an update on this investigation, but we were told the department would not be responding until Monday.
Actress Storm Reid attended Star Wars: The Last Jedi premiere clad in an all white Rosetta Getty suit.
The 14-year-old wore a $1,425.00 Rosetta Getty cropped back vest and paired it with $890.00 cropped high rise trousers. She wore a Woolford bodysuit (you can get a similar one here for $97.50) and $295.00 Via Spiga sandals (available at Bloomingdales.com).
Storm wore her hair in box braids and added a playful braid to the left side. Her white manicure and pedicure keeps the whole look fresh! A white and black look always comes across as chic and is perfect for the red carpet.
We're totally here for the fact she looks stylish, yet age appropriate. Hats off to stylist Jason Bolden.
DON'T MISS:
Skai Jackson Gives A Mature Look For The Girl Cult Festival
Yara Shahidi Goes For An White Look At Elle Magazine's ‘Women In Hollywood' Event
Who Is More Fashionable In Fendi: Amandla Stenberg Or Marjorie Harvey?
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
RICHMOND Valley Council will tonight discuss whether to adopt the revised Plan of Management for the Richmond River Foreshore Reserve at Woodburn.
Council officers have carried out a review of the 2011 Plan of Management and made amendments to reflect the links in the masterplan, which was adopted by the council in June 2017.
The amended plan was advertised and placed on exhibition for public comment from January 12 to February 28 but no submissions were received.
The Plan has also been forwarded to Reserve Trust for adoption.
Council currently has $1.6 million committed to the Woodburn Riverside Precinct, which includes a $210,000 commitment from grants for works dedicated to a new jetty/pontoon structure.
Council officers will continue to explore and pursue any available grant funding deemed appropriate to complete works described in the Master Plan process.
BREAKING: Quadruple murder suspect Travis Reinking is now being booked into the Metro Jail on the four murder warrants. pic.twitter.com/pRRau805f9 — Metro Nashville PD (@MNPDNashville) April 23, 2018
The investigation into a Tennessee mass shooting, turns from the Illinois suspect to his father.Travis Reinking, 29, has been charged with four counts of criminal homicide after four people were killed at a Waffle House restaurant in Antioch, Tennessee on Sunday. Reinking was initially given a $2 million bond, but the bond was revoked Tuesday, pending a hearing on Wednesday.Reinking spoke through a phone on a jail monitor during his initial court appearance. Police arrested Reinking Monday afternoon after a massive 36-hour manhunt. A phone tip led authorities to his location in a wooded area."As soon as the detectives saw him, there was really no communication other than the detective drawing down on him and he got on the ground," said Metropolitan Nashville Police Lieutenant Carlos Lara.There are questions about Reinking's run-ins with law enforcement. There are 30 pages of police reports on the suspect's past.In July of 2017 Reinking was arrested by the Secret Service for trespassing near the White House. His four firearms were turned over to his father, who police say later gave all of them back to his son, including the rifle he's accused of using to gun down his victims.Tuesday morning, federal investigators are looking at his father, and asking whether or not he could face charges.Reinking is from Morton, Illinois. The state's attorney downstate says it does not have enough information yet to determine if Jeffrey Reinking, the suspect's father, committed a criminal offense. They will wait for the FBI to decide.Reinking is expected back in court Wednesday.The man hailed as a hero in the shooting at the Waffle House, James Shaw, Jr., was honored by Tennessee lawmakers Tuesday."I'm a genuine person. I didn't do it to actually save people, I did it to save my life. In me saving my life I saved other lives, so that's probably one of the greatest things I think you could do," Shaw said.Shaw rushed at Reinking and grabbed the gun's barrel. He wrestled the firearm from him and threw it over the counter, removing the possibility of that gun being used to do more harm.Tennessee lawmakers passed a resolution calling Shaw a hero, saying in part, "Mr. Shaw is indeed a hero; his actions on that fateful morning are unfathomable to most, indescribable by even the chief of police, and very poignant to the citizens of Nashville, who are deeply grateful for his brave actions in the face of extreme adversity that saved many lives."
The obituary says Charping "leaves behind two relieved children" as well as "six grandchildren and countless other victims including an ex wife, relatives, friends, neighbors, doctors, nurses and random strangers."
"At a young age, Leslie quickly became a model example of bad parenting combined with mental illness and a complete commitment to drinking, drugs, womanizing and being generally offensive," the obituary reads. The family says Charping was "surprisingly intelligent," but failed to find professional success due to a lack of ambition and motivation.
"Leslie's hobbies included being abusive to his family, expediting trips to heaven for the beloved family pets, and fishing, which he was less skilled with than the previously mentioned. Leslie's life served no other obvious purpose, he did not contribute to society or serve his community and he possessed no redeeming qualities besides quick [witted] sarcasm, which was amusing during his sober days.
With Leslie's passing he will be missed only for what he never did; being a loving husband, father and good friend. No services will be held, there will be no prayers for eternal peace and no apologizes to the family he tortured. Leslie's remains will be cremated and kept in the barn until "Ray", the family donkey's wood shavings run out. Leslie's passing proves that evil does in fact die and hopefully marks a time of healing and safety for all."
If you can hate someone's dead guts, these people know all about it.When 75-year-old Galveston, Texas resident Leslie Ray Charping recently passed away, his family wanted the world to know just what kind of bastard he was in life and how much they utterly loathed him.In fact, 75 years the family said, "was 29 years longer than expected and much longer than [Charping] deserved".In Charping's obituary, first published on the Carnes Funeral Home website ( but has since been removed after it hit the media), his family claimed Charping's death "proves that evil does in fact die".UPI reports The obit continued (and this is a verbatim quote):Daaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaamn.
video size: 640x360 1024x576 1280x720 1920x1080 custom size x Advanced Embed Example Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document. .videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } show more
Thousands of service members, from a coalition of 39 nations, are deployed in Afghanistan over the holidays. This week, RSHQ Commander Gen. Nicholson traveled across the country to thank them, and their families, for their dedication to the mission.
Soldiers with the Japanese Ground Self Defense Force practice assault amphibious vehicle recovery in calm waters during Exercise Iron First 2017 aboard Marine Corps Base Camp Pendleton, Calif., Feb 13. The U.S. Marines taught the Japanese soldiers not only how to operate the AAVs but also AAV techniques and tactics. Iron Fist is an annual, bilateral training exercise where U.S. and Japanese service members train together and share techniques, tactics and procedure to improve their combined operational capabilities. (U.S. Marine Corps photo by Cpl. Alvin Pujols/ Released)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.13.2017 Date Posted: 02.14.2017 19:25 Photo ID: 3165364 VIRIN: 170214-M-NM524-009 Resolution: 4925x3528 Size: 8.41 MB Location: MARINE CORPS BASE CAMP PENDLETON, CA, US Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Warriors of the Sea train and teach in their element [Image 1 of 7], by Cpl Alvin Pujols, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Xiaomi, the Chinese smartphone maker is one of the most valuable startups in the world. The brand has joined Samsung to become the top smartphone brand in India in the third quarter of this year. Now it looks like the company is on an expansion spree.
As per an Economic Times report, Xiaomi's regulatory filing with the Registrar of Companies (RoC) states that the Beijing-based company claims to potentially sell all types of vehicles for conveyance, transportation, and transport equipment, be it electrically powered or mechanically powered.
Xiaomi appears to be open to venture into the other market segments too. The filing notes the company stating that it wants to carry on the business of non-banking financial companies, leasing and financing, payments bank, payment gateway and settlement systems operator, other financial services, and mobile virtual network operators.
The other products that Xiaomi is interested to sell in the country include gaming consoles, laptops, lifestyle products, computer accessories and network equipment. The company appears to be interested in manufacturing and selling merchandise such as toys, backpacks, clothes and suitcases.
Back in its home country China, Xiaomi has already announced the launch of electric bikes such as bicycles, electric scooters and foldable models. The company also sells televisions, tablets, laptops, health products such as blood pressure monitor and electric toothbrushes, and smart lighting solutions. The company is also involved in making air conditioners, refrigerators, washing machines, water purifiers, and vacuum cleaners. The lifestyle products from the company include shoes, bags, bedding, bath, kitchen, dining, toys, and apparel.
In the memorandum of association that is amended by Xiaomi, the company will sell these products via both the offline and online channels in the country. However, a Xiaomi India spokesman has stated they have expressed their interest to bring non-smartphone products to the country multiple times but they will do so only after picking the right product and customizing it to suit the needs of the users in India.
The early trends of Bypoll results 2018 for 10 Assembly constituencies are in. The results show a tight contest between BJP and Congress, while regional parties leading in other seats. Here's a complete list of which party is leading 10 Assembly seats of Punjab's Shahkot, Uttarakhand's Tharali, Meghalaya's Ampati, Kerala's Chengannur, Bihar's Jokihat, Jharkhand's Gomia and Silli, West Bengal's Maheshtala, Uttar Pradesh's Noorpur and Maharashtra's Palus Kadegaon.
List of leading candidates
1. Punjab's Shahkot: Congress
2. West Bengal's Maheshtala: Trinamool Congress
3. Bihar's Jokihat: JDU
4. Jharkhand's Gomia: BJP
5. Jharkhand's Silli: JMM
6. Kerala's Chengannur: CPM
7. Uttar Pradesh's Noorpur: Samajwadi Party
8. Uttarakhand's Tharali: BJP
9. Meghalaya: National People's Party
10. Maharashtra's Palus Kadegaon: Congress (Wins)
This list will be constantly updated
Latest trends show BJP leading in five Assembly constituencies, Congress in three seats and others in one. The results of these high stake assembly constituencies are being witnessed as a litmus test for both the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and the Congress ahead of general elections in 2019.
In Jharkhand, the Gomia bypoll was necessitated after sitting Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) MLA Yogendra Prasad Mahto was expelled following his conviction in coal theft case. Similarly, the Silli seat fell vacant after the sitting JMM MLA Amit Mahto was convicted in a criminal assault case in March this year.
Uttar Pradesh's Noorpur seat fell vacant after the death of two-time BJP MLA Lokendra Singh Chouhan while the Maheshtala seat fell vacant after Trinamool Congress (TMC) MLA Kasturi Das' death in February.
Former Meghalaya Chief Minister and Congress MLA Mukul Sangma resigned from Ampati seat in March after he won from Songsak. By-poll to Uttarakhand's Tharali, reserved for the member of scheduled castes, was necessitated after the death of the BJP MLA Magan Lal Shah in February. Chengannur seat fell vacant after the death of Communist Party of India (Marxist) sitting MLA K.K. Ramachandran Nair in January. Sarfaraz Alam had won the Jokihat assembly seat on Janata Dal (United) (JD-U) ticket. He later contested from RJD ticket and resigned in April from the post of MLA after his victory in the Araria Lok Sabha by-poll. The Shiromani Akali Dal representative of the Shahkot seat, Ajit Singh Kohar the sitting MLA, died in February, which necessitated by-poll in the assembly. The by-poll in Palus-Kadegaon Assembly constituency was necessitated due to the death of Congress`s Patangrao Kadam, who had won the constituency twice. The EC has declared Kadam`s son elected unopposed as the BJP had withdrawn its candidate.
× Firefighters have Lilac Fire 90% contained
BONSALL, Calif. – North County residents Monday returned to their evacuated homes — some unharmed, some destroyed — as firefighters have reached 90 percent containment on the Lilac Fire that scorched 4,100 acres between Fallbrook and Oceanside.
Despite the progress, officials don't expect to have the blaze fully contained until Dec. 21, which would mark exactly two weeks since the fire erupted for unknown reasons just west of Interstate 15 and north of Lilac Road in Pala Mesa, amid gusty, arid Santa Ana winds.
The extended containment outlook is because hand crews must dig down to bare soil around the burn area, ensuring there is no fuel if hot spots do flare up, Cal Fire San Diego Capt. Kendal Bortisser explained.
All roads closed during the blaze were re-opened by about 4 p.m. Sunday and all evacuations orders were lifted earlier in the day, though two areas remained closed to everyone except residents: the Rancho Monserate Country Club mobile home park in Fallbrook, which suffered heavy losses, as well as an area between 5200 and 5800 Olive Hill Road in Fallbrook.
San Diego Gas & Electric was expected to restore power to most customers Monday and Tuesday after precautionary shutdowns in wind-prone areas left thousands of customers without power for several days last week. Most outages were restored by 4 p.m. Monday, According to the SDG&E outage map, less than 60 customers remained in the dark Monday evening.
All schools other than Bonsall Unified School District that closed Friday were back open Monday, county officials said.
The Santa Ana winds that drove the fire Thursday is no longer a threat, but temperatures will remain 15 to 20 degrees above average this week with low humidity levels, so the threat of more fires remains slightly elevated. A red flag wildfire warning from the National Weather Service expired at 8 p.m. Sunday.
Cal Fire Battalion Chief Henry Herrera said many of the Cal Fire crews that battled the Lilac Fire will now be sent to Ventura County to help fight the Thomas Fire, which broke out last Monday, has scorched more than 230,000 acres and is only 20 percent contained.
JUPITER, Fla. (AP) — St. Louis Cardinals pitcher Alex Reyes needs season-ending Tommy John surgery on his right arm.
General manager John Mozeliak confirmed the diagnosis after an MRI. Reyes didn't throw his scheduled bullpen session Tuesday because of a sore elbow.
The 22-year-old Reyes made his major league debut Aug. 9 and was 4-1 with a 1.57 ERA in five starts and seven relief appearances. His fastball averaged more than 97 mph.
Reyes, a candidate for the final spot in the starting rotation, had been feeling soreness in the days leading up to camp. He was also expecting to pitch for the Dominican Republic in the World Baseball Classic.
Related Coverage Hundreds of copper pieces stolen from Connecticut ice rink
JEWETT CITY, Conn. (WTNH) – Officials are investigating break-in at the Wyre Wind Corp. in Griswold on Sunday.
Troopers found that more than 2,100 feet of copper cable was cut from multiple areas of the building. The value of the missing copper is estimated to be greater than $4,500. The building also sustained over $30,000 in damages.
Related Content: Hundreds of copper pieces stolen from Connecticut ice rink
Police say based on tracks in the snow, it is believed that the suspects parked a truck on Anthony Street and accessed the property through a gate.
It was also determined that the suspects used an on-site forklift to reach the copper cables that were approximately 25 feet above the floor.
Units say the suspects used a machine-powered saw to cut through the copper wire.
The suspects have not been identified at this time.
The New York Giants announced Monday that they have added wide receiver Cody Latimer and cornerback B.W. Webb and have retained defensive end Kerry Wynn.
Latimer, 25, had 19 receptions for 287 yards and two touchdowns for the Denver Broncos last season. He had 35 career receptions for 445 yards and three touchdowns in his four seasons for Denver.
He is considered a possession receiver, and it remains to be seen whether his signing affects Brandon Marshall, 33, who was limited to five games in his first season with the Giants before being put on injured reserve with an ankle injury.
Webb was signed to a one-year deal by the Giants, multiple media outlets reported.
He played in 14 games, including seven starts, for the New Orleans Saints in 2017, when he had one interception and 27 total tackles.
Wynn re-signed with the Giants on a one-year deal, multiple media outlets reported.
He has been with the Giants for four seasons, and he played in 15 games, including three starts, in 2017, when he had one sack and 14 total tackles. Wynn made his starts at defensive end when Olivier Vernon was sidelined with an ankle injury.
The Giants are also expected to sign defensive lineman Josh Mauro, according to multiple reports.
By JAY REEVES, Associated Press
BIRMINGHAM, Ala. (AP) – Emboldened and proclaiming victory after a bloody weekend in Virginia, white nationalists are planning more demonstrations to promote their agenda following the violence that left a woman dead and dozens injured.
The University of Florida said white provocateur Richard Spencer, whose appearances sometimes stoke unrest, is seeking permission to speak there next month. And white nationalist Preston Wiginton said he is planning a “White Lives Matter” rally at Texas A&M University in September.
Also, a neo-Confederate group has asked the state of Virginia for permission to rally at a monument to Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee in Richmond on Sept. 16, and other events are likely.
“We're going to be more active than ever before,” Matthew Heimbach, a white nationalist leader, said Monday.
James Alex Fields Jr., a young man who was said to idolize Adolf Hitler and Nazi Germany in high school, was charged with killing a woman by slamming a car into a group of counter-protesters at a white nationalist rally Sunday in Charlottesville, Virginia.
Fields, 20, who recently moved to Ohio from his home state of Kentucky, was held without bail on murder charges. He was photographed at the rally behind a shield bearing the emblem of the white nationalist Vanguard America, though the group denied he was a member.
Two state troopers also died Sunday when their helicopter crashed during an effort to contain the violence.
The U.S. Justice Department said it will review the violence, and Attorney General Jeff Sessions told ABC that the death of counter-protester Heather Heyer, 32, met the definition of domestic terrorism.
White nationalists said they were undaunted.
Heimbach, who said he was pepper-sprayed during the melee in Charlottesville, called the event Saturday “an absolute stunning victory” for the far right because of the large number of supporters who descended on the city to decry plans to remove a statue of Lee.
Hundreds of white nationalists, white supremacists, neo-Nazis, Ku Klux Klan members and others were involved, by some estimates, in what Heimbach, leader of the Traditionalist Workers Party, called the nation's biggest such event in a decade or more. Even more opponents turned out, and the two sides clashed violently.
A neo-Nazi website that helped promote the gathering said there will be more events soon.
“We are going to start doing this nonstop. Across the country,” said the site, which internet domain host GoDaddy said it was shutting down after it mocked the woman killed in Charlottesville.
The head of the National Socialist Movement, Jeff Schoep, said Charlottesville was a “really good” white nationalist event that was being overshadowed by the deaths. “Any time someone loses their lives it's unfortunate,” he said.
He blamed the violence on inadequate police protection and counter-demonstrators and said he doubts white nationalists will be deterred from attending more such demonstrations.
Preserving memorials to the Old South has become an animating force for the white nationalist movement, not because all members are Southern, Schoep said, but because adherents see the drive to remove such monuments as part of a larger, anti-white crusade.
“It's an assault on American freedoms. Today it's Confederate monuments. Tomorrow it may be the Constitution or the American flag,” Schoep said.
At the University of Florida, where Spencer has asked to speak, President W. Kent Fuchs called the events in Virginia “deplorable” but indicated school officials might be unable to block his appearance.
“While this speaker's views do not align with our values as an institution, we must follow the law, upholding the First Amendment not to discriminate based on content and provide access to a public space,” Fuchs said in a message on the university's Facebook page.
Auburn University spent almost $30,000 in legal fees in an unsuccessful attempt to prevent Spencer from speaking on its campus in Alabama in April.
© Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
× Businesses Busy for Rose Bowl
LACKAWANNA COUNTY — College football bowl games almost always bring a boost to business at the Windsor Inn in Jermyn, but this year's slate of games, all leading up to the Nittany Lions taking on the USC Trojans, has kept the crew here extra busy.
The general manager, Gary Urnoski, who is also a Penn State alum, knows it's all hands on deck leading up to game time.
“People are ordering wings at 100 a clip, and people want to have their own parties at their private venues, but then again, we have to be ready for the bar as well because there will be people at 4:30 with their Penn State gear on rooting on the hottest in college football,” Urnoski said.
It has been a steady stream of people inside Schiff's deli section in Scranton. A lot of customers are Penn State fans loading up on food ahead of the game.
One of those fans in line at the deli was Jonathan Runco of Throop. His family is Penn State through and through. He wasn't able to go to Pasadena, but he admits he'll have fun watching the game.
“We're getting the bucket #1, the 20 pieces of fried chicken,” Runco said. “We'll have 10-15 people over at my house.”
They all are hoping Penn State wins its first Rose Bowl since 1995.
2:16 Institutional racism targeted by FWISD policy Pause
0:46 Dozens rally at Tacoma's Northwest Detention Center after Seattle arrest
1:23 Under threat of Oroville dam, hundreds find shelter at Nevada County Fairgrounds
1:48 Trucks, helicopters dump loads of boulders in rush to fortify Oroville dam spillway
4:11 What you need to know about the massive Oroville dam emergency in California
1:42 Water gushes at California's Lake Oroville dam
2:18 Keller Girls Avoid Bi-District Upset, Outlast North Crowley
11:30 Two views of Jacqueline Craig's arrest: See the bodycam and cell phone videos side-by-side
0:52 Remains found in shallow grave identified as missing college student Zuzu Verk
SANTA CLARA, Calif. (AP) — Two years after asking to be held accountable if his San Francisco 49ers fall short of winning the Super Bowl, team CEO Jed York was back on stage having fired two more coaches, a general manager, and seen his team post a 7-25 record.
York apologized Monday for a 2-14 record this season that he called embarrassing, and repeatedly said the organization needed a “clean slate” in order to re-establish a “championship culture.”
But one thing that won't change after the firing of coach Chip Kelly and general manager Trent Baalke on Sunday: York will be the person leading the search for new leadership team after getting rid of Jim Harbaugh in 2014 and then firing Jim Tomsula and Kelly after one-year runs as coaches.
“I own this football team,” York said. “You don't dismiss owners. I'm sorry that that's the facts and that's the case, but that's the facts.”
York said he wanted to look forward rather than backward at the decision to get rid of Harbaugh, even though no other coach has had success for the team in the past 15 years. Harbaugh led the Niners to NFC title games in his first three years from 2011-13, including a Super Bowl loss to Baltimore following the 2012 season. He was let go after an 8-8 season in 2014 as part of a power struggle.
It was at the news conference announcing Harbaugh's dismissal that York said the 49ers hang only Super Bowl banners, not NFC championship banners, and he should be accountable if they fall short.
But York then used the success under Harbaugh as evidence of his ability to make the right decisions to get the Niners back on the winning track.
“I've done it before. We've put together a team that has had three NFC championship runs,” he said. “That was in the past. I can't live on the past. I need to make sure that anything I do is backed up by the results on the field.”
The Niners replaced Harbaugh with longtime assistant Tomsula, who was not up to the task as head coach and went 5-11 before being fired after his only season.
York then stuck with Baalke despite the rough season, and the team hired Kelly as coach after he had been fired late in his third season with Philadelphia. Things only got worse with a depleted roster hurt by years of bad drafting and the lack of impact free agents.
York said he had hoped that Baalke's defensive background combined with Kelly's offensive experience would help build a cohesive roster that could compete in the NFC West. But the communication and collaboration wasn't there, leading to the poor record.
“The marriage didn't work,” he said. “I should have probably seen it. It's easy to play revisionist history, but we are where we are. That's why we're cleaning the slate and we're re-establishing that culture.”
San Francisco (2-14) matched the worst record in franchise history, lost 13 straight games between wins in Week 1 and the second-to-last game against the lowly Los Angeles Rams, and set records for most points, yards and yards rushing allowed in team history.
That season prompted the latest change. The Niners became the first team in nearly four decades to follow coaches in successive seasons after only one-year tenures.
The only other time that happened since the 1970 merger came when San Francisco fired Monte Clark after the 1976 season and Ken Meyer the following year. The Niners then fired Pete McCulley midway through the 1978 season and interim coach Fred O'Connor after the year before hiring Bill Walsh to start a dynasty.
York will now need to entice potential general managers and coaches to come aboard despite the lack of patience and stability evident the past few seasons.
“We're going to have the opportunity with a lot of draft picks, we're going to have the opportunity with a lot of salary cap room,” he said. “There are some pieces here. I don't think there are enough pieces here, but there are some pieces we can build with. But it has to be a partnership, it's got to be a collaboration between me, the head coach and the general manager so we can get this thing right.”
___
For more NFL coverage: www.pro32.ap.org and http://twitter.com/AP_NFL
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
BTS Becomes First K-Pop Act to Hit No. 1 on the Billboard US Album Chart K-Pop superstars BTS‘ made history with their third album Love Yourself: Tear. The project, released on May 18th, debuted at No. 1 on The Billboard 200 Chart, a first for the genre. According to Nielsen Music, the set moved 135,000 units in the US within its first week, including 100,000 traditional album sales, Taking the No. 1 spot from Post Malone‘s Beerbongs & Bentleys. Their first single from the album, Fake Love, debuted at No. 10 on the Hot 100 And the music video hit 100 million views in just over eight hours on YouTube. South Korean President Moon Jae-In congratulated the group on Twitter.
WARSAW, Poland (AP) — Environmentalists are protesting Poland's plan to allow hunters to shoot bison, while authorities say it is necessary for the well-being of the herd and will earn money for its upkeep.
Greenpeace had gathered well over 7,000 signatures by Monday afternoon on a letter asking Prime Minister Beata Szydlo to stop the plan. They say Europe's largest mammals, which live in old-growth forests in northeastern Poland, are protected by law and a symbol of Poland's nature.
Environment authorities have allowed the hunting of 10 bison in the Borecka forest, saying the herd there is too large and threatened with tuberculosis. They say limited hunting allows for a controlled elimination of weak animals, while earning funds to support the others.
The social network's latest controversy could become a big legal headache.
Backstory: Facebook suspended Cambridge Analytica from its network on Friday for failing to delete data about 270,000 people, acquired from an academic study. Then, on Saturday, the New York Times and the Observer reported that Cambridge Analytica actually had data on over 50 million people because social ties of the original 270,000 were tapped, seemingly without permission.
Facebook says: “People knowingly provided their information, no systems were infiltrated, and no passwords or sensitive pieces of information were stolen or hacked.”
But: Lawmakers in the US and UK are calling for investigations into the situation. And the Washington Post ($) says that Facebook may have breached Federal Trade Commission privacy rules by letting the data escape, which could lead to “many millions of dollars in fines.”
Bottom line: The finer details of exactly how data made its way from Facebook users to Cambridge Analytica are still to be shaken out. But political powers, many already displeased by Big Tech, hope to get to the bottom of it. It could be troubling and expensive for Zuck.
Sooty the possum was lucky to escape from a combustion stove at a Pimlico house.
Sooty the possum was lucky to escape from a combustion stove at a Pimlico house. Jeanette Dundas
WHEN Pimlico man Brian lit the fire in his slow combustion stove, smoke poured out into the room.
The flue was obviously blocked.
But, almost immediately after, a possum dropped into the fire.
Brian acted quickly and got the possum out, but was unsure if it had sustained burns, so he called WIRES for help.
Sooty, as the young possum was named, was extremely lucky.
After rescue and examination it turned out that she had sustained minimal damage as she had avoided the hot part of the fire box. Her main concern was smoke inhalation.
Possums, gliders and many bird species use hollows as homes. Sadly, as human habitat expands, these are no longer as easy to find. A chimney or flue looks very much like a hollow log and clearly this possum had been seeking shelter in this man-made home.
Sooty is fairly young and should most certainly have still been with her mum, but she was not in good body condition, indicating she may have lost her mum some time prior to sheltering in Brian's flue.
She has now been in care with WIRES for a week and is doing well.
Shortly she will be transferred to a large aviary till she is ready to be released back to the wild.
If you have a fireplace it is a good idea to ensure you have an adjustable stainless steel chimney cap.
It is the only way to prevent animals from entering your chimney or flue.
Please call WIRES on 66281898 should you find a native animal in trouble.
“Apple Sales New Zealand has been issued a warning by the country's Commerce Commission (ComCom), with the watchdog concerned the iPhone-maker may have misled consumers about their rights,” Asha McLean reports for ZDNet. “ComCom alleges Apple is ‘likely' in breach of the Consumer Guarantees Act (CGA), in particular regarding replacement products.”
“According to Commissioner Anna Rawlings, Apple ‘misled' some customers into believing their products were only covered by consumer law for two years, even though the guarantees in the CGA do not expire after a legally prescribed period of time,” McLean reports. “‘They apply for a reasonable period. What is reasonable depends on the nature of the goods, any statements made about the goods, and how the consumer, in fact, uses the goods,' Rawlings explained. ‘Although businesses may form a view about how long a product should generally last, they must assess each reported fault on its own merits. They should not base decisions solely on how long a consumer has owned a product. The reasonable lifespan of a product will depend very much on what the product is.'”
McLean reports, “The Silicon Valley giant has also been asked to address conflicting information on its website regarding spare parts and repairs, and to cease misleading consumers that their Apple products are being replaced with new products when they are instead supplied with re-manufactured ones.”
Read more in the full article here.
One of the less appealing aspects of the twice-yearly Windows 10 feature updates is that they're slow to install and, for most of the installation process, your PC is out of commission, doing nothing more than displaying a progress indicator.
Thanks to a new upgrade process, the next update—expected to be released in April—should result in substantially less downtime. The installation process is split into two portions: the "online" portion, during which your PC is still usable, and the "offline" portion after the reboot, during which your PC is a spinning percentage counter.
Microsoft estimates that the Creators Update, released almost a year ago, would take about 82 minutes on average during the offline phase. Improvements made in the Fall Creators Update cut that to about 51 minutes, and the next update (which still hasn't actually been blessed with an official name) will cut this further still, to just 30 minutes.
The substantial performance improvement comes from shifting much of the installation work to the online phase. The update process is essentially a modified version of the Windows install and upgrade process; a whole new copy of the operating system is installed, and then user content—such as settings and installed programs—is migrated to this new installation.
A year ago, this work was all performed in the offline phase; there was little to the online portion beyond downloading the update and verifying its integrity. In the next update, however, unpacking the new version of the operating system and preparing user data for migration will all occur during the online phase.
The offline phase doesn't go away entirely: the actual migration of user data happens while offline, as does the installation of drivers and other necessary tasks to get the pristine new Windows installation ready for use. But the offline part is substantially smaller than it used to be, hence the great reduction in downtime.
Microsoft says that this does come at some cost; the online part of the installation now takes longer. But the work in this phase is performed at a low priority, so it should not, in general, hinder the use of the computer. So while the upgrade may take the same time from start to finish, the actual time lost to upgrading will feel greatly reduced.
Websites and blogs that rank high pull in a lot of traffic for their particular niche, and that's why some people are willing to try practically anything, in order to get their sites ranked. Before you attempt any SEO on your site, read this article first and make sure that you're doing things correctly.
Code your site well when trying to use SEO. If your site has a lot of messy JavaScript codes holding it together, search bots won't be able to classify it and your ranking will suffer heavily. A site that relies heavily on Flash without providing text descriptions will be ignored by the search engines.
Use alt tags for images and span element titles to your advantage. Search engines look at a site's code, not what is actually visible to a user, so if your keyword is "cat" and there is a picture of a calico cat on your site, using an alt tag of "a calico cat" for the image will expose the search engine to your keyword even if the user never sees it. The title of a span element works in the same way.
If you aren't on one of the social media sites yet, join and starting working on your presence there. Many of the popular search engines are now incorporating social media into there search results. A site that someone's friends like is going to start jumping higher in the rankings so make sure you are one of those sites.
Don't just go with major search engines. There are many other link sites that are set up that have very specific directories. These can be used to your advantage because they target a specialized audience. Find the link sites that target your intended audience and go for it. These sites are there to optimize your customer base.
Look at competitors' sites' source codes. That lets you in on their own SEO techniques, including keywords. Don't plagiarize what they do, but do take hints from it for your own plan.
Make sure that you add viral particulars to your site if you want to increase your standing on the totem pole for search engines. These can include various elements such as a ratings section, comments, or reviews. Improving this aspect of your site will also help increase business and visibility.
One little tactic to improve your websites search engine ranking is to make sure your visitors are given the opportunity to bookmark your site through social media services like Facebook. You need not go to a lot of trouble to get results this way. The links your visitors establish with such bookmarks will improve your search engine position all by themselves.
Create a great resource section to attract visitors and search engines to your site. A well-planned resource section makes your site look professional. It also gives you the appearance of being in a position of authority regarding your chosen subject matter. Keeping the resources updated and uncluttered is also important.
Keep track of your visitors. Do so by checking your referrer logs. Things you should look out for including what keywords people are using to find your site in search engines and what websites are referring you. Use this info to increase flow through those channels and possibly add more.
Make sure that the text on your website is not too large. Large text usually will take away from the look of your site and appears very elementary. Try to stick to size 12 font that is clear and very easy to read. This will help to yield happy customers.
Practice SEO style in your written content to enhance your keyword density and repetition. Reference keywords in their full form several times within your page content, but refrain from using the full keywords every time. Search engines still factor in the frequency of keywords within your content, though not as much as in the past. This affects where you land in search engine results pages.
When you post articles on article directories as an SEO practice, remember that the article represents you and your business. Your name is on the article, and you are hoping that the article will encourage people to visit your page and do business with you. For this reason, you should strive to be sure your articles are well-written and contain interesting, pertinent content.
If you have the desire to rank near the top in search engine results, then you will need to select phrases and keywords which will appropriately promote your site. You do not want to use a word which is so broad (e.g. "love", "car", "dress") that your site submerges in a sea of competitors. Most people will not go through 25 pages of results to find your site.
When working on your search engine optimization, make sure that the titles and captions of any images you use on your website are filled with as many relevant keywords as possible. Search engines don't pick up text within pictures, only the words surrounding images, so it is vital that you make the most possible use of your image filenames and labels.
To optimize your site for search engine visibility, make sure to phrase your web addresses in such a way that they contain a lot of key words. website.com/forum?=323124 won't help your ranking at all, whereas website.com/forum/kittens_and_puppies will improve your visibility in searches about kittens and puppies. Always use keywords instead of numbers where possible.
As revealed earlier in the article, search engine optimization is simply a calculated method of directing people that are searching for a keyword on a search engine, so that they end up with your website showing up as one of the top results found. By understanding and applying the information here, you can maximize the traffic and visibility of your website.
© AP Photo/ J. David Ake
The dubious but celebrated Steele Dossier played a critical role in obtaining approval from the FISA court to carry out surveillance of Carter Page according to former FBI Deputy Director Andy McCabe.
Christopher Steele was getting paid by the DNC and the FBI for the same information.
No one at the FBI or the DOJ disclosed to the court that the Steele dossier was paid for by an opposition political campaign.
The first FISA warrant was obtained on October 21, 2016 based on a story written by Michael Isikoff for Yahoo News based on information he received directly from Christopher Steele - the FBI did not disclose in the FISA application that Steele was the original source of the information.
Christopher Steele was a long-standing FBI "source" but was terminated as a source after telling Mother Jones reporter David Corn that he had a relationship with the FBI.
The FBI signers of the FISA applications/renewals were James Comey (three times) and Andrew McCabe.
The DOJ signers of the FISA applications/renewals were Sally Yates, Dana Boente and Rod Rosenstein.
Even after Steele was terminated by the FBI, he remained in contact with Deputy Attorney General Bruce Our, whose wife worked for FUSION GPS, a contractor that was deeply involved with the Steele dossier.
The Media Will Determine What Comes Next
The long-awaited House Intelligence Committee report made public today identifies current and former top officials of the FBI and the Department of Justice as guilty of the felony of misrepresenting evidence required to obtain a court warrant before surveilling American citizens. The target was candidate Donald Trump's adviser Carter Page.The main points of what is widely known as the "Nunes Memo," after the House Intelligence Committee Chair Devin Nunes (R-Calif.), have been nicely summarized by blogger Publius Tacitus ; namely, the current and former members of the FBI and the Department of Justice who signed off on fraudulent applications to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court: James Comey, Andy McCabe, Sally Yates, Dana Boente and Rob Rosenstein. The following is Publius Tacitus's summary of the main points:From what Michael Isikoff reported in September 2016 it appears that the CIA and the Director of National Intelligence (as well as the FBI) areIsikoff wrote:"U.S. intelligence officials are seeking to determine whether an American businessman identified by Donald Trump as one of his foreign policy advisers has opened up private communications with senior Russian officials - including talks about the possible lifting of economic sanctions if the Republican nominee becomes president, according to multiple sources who have been briefed on the issue. [...]"But U.S. officials have since received intelligence reports that during that same three-day trip, Page met with Igor Sechin, a longtime Putin associate and former Russian deputy prime minister who is now the executive chairman of Rosneft, Russian's leading oil company, a well-placed Western intelligence source tells Yahoo News."Indeed, Rep. Greg Walden (R-OR), Chair of the House Energy and Commerce Committee, has already indicated that his disclosures in the Nunes Memo represent just "one piece of a probably much larger mosaic of what went on."As for Congressman Adam Schiff (D-Calif.), ranking member of the House Intelligence Committee, it is now abundantly clear why he went to ridiculous lengths, as did the entire Democratic congressional leadership, to block or impugn the House Intelligence Committee report.Until the mid-December revelations of the text messages between FBI lovers Peter Strzok and Lisa Page turned Russia-gate into FBI/DOJ-gate, Schiff had been riding high, often hiding behind what he said "he could not tell" the rest of us.With the media, including what used to be the progressive media, fully supporting the likes of Adam Schiff, and the FBI/CIA/NSA deep state likely to pull out all the stops, the die is now cast. We are in for a highly interesting time over the next months.Ray McGovern was a CIA analyst for 27 years and co-founded Veteran Intelligence Professionals for Sanity (VIPS).
The council has put out a business plan for public comment to see what the community thinks about a new hotel in the Karratha CBD.
The new hotel would be a 4.5-star, 100-bed Marriott and would front Warambie Road, the intent being to retain our very popular public green space next to The Quarter HQ.
While the construction work will probably require much of the grass to be temporarily used for lay-down, the final green space will be larger than before.
The hotel will have a breakfast bar but will not incorporate a major new restaurant — instead it will use local cafes and restaurants for the purpose.
The proponent for this development is a Queensland-based group called Pacifica.
Pacifica has completed $1.5 billion of construction and is well qualified to deliver this project.
The City intends to invest up to $10 million for the fit-out stage, which will be repaid at 3.5 per cent interest and which will return us $20 million over the loan term.
We have done this as Australian banks are lending much less than half the build cost of major Pilbara projects, making development very difficult.
The new hotel will provide a level of service not found before in Karratha, where the standard of accommodation is a common complaint.
With our Singapore flights, it is important we can offer visitors a standard of service commensurate with their expectations and the other infrastructure in our lovely city.
Over the next 30 years, it will generate 50 full-time jobs, $9M million rates, $26M million marketing, a$20 million return on our investment and will be a major boost to local cafes and restaurants.
“They told us that when I get in America, nobody can judge you because of your skin, your language … You can even celebrate your culture.”
—Refugee resettled by IRIS, depicted in the play “Stories of a New America”
The ground-breaking production “Stories of a New America,” recounting refugees' experiences and strength in their own words, will highlight the 2017 World Refugee Day celebration on June 29 in New Haven.
The production by Collective Consciousness Theater will be hosted by IRIS- Integrated Refugee & Immigrant Services, Connecticut's largest refugee resettlement agency. The performance is a series of vignettes that captures refugees' stories of navigating cultural differences, romantic relationships, and even pet dogs.
“These stories relay the human aspect of one of the largest humanitarian crises in history, which is often veiled by political rhetoric,” said IRIS Executive Director Chris George.
“Stories of a New America” was developed through interviews with more than one hundred refugees resettled by IRIS. Since 1982, IRIS has resettled more than 5,000 refugees who were forced to flee their home countries due to persecution. In 2016 alone, IRIS resettled 530 refugees from Syria, Congo, Iraq and Afghanistan.
Tasty food from the refugees' homelands, prepared by refugee chefs in partnership with CitySeed's Sanctuary Kitchen program, will be prominently featured at receptions that will precede each of two performances to be presented on June 29.
The stunning Henry R. Luce Hall, 34 Hillhouse Avenue, New Haven will host the evening's receptions and performances. The first reception begins at 5 p.m., followed by a 6 p.m. performance; the second reception begins at 7 p.m., followed by an 8 p.m. performance. Each reception also will feature unique photography exhibits.
Tickets to the event are available now. The cost is $30 for general admission, or $50 for reserved seating that includes a $20 tax-deductible donation to IRIS. Those interested in purchasing tickets or attending the production can find additional information at www.irisct.org/wrd, which is the IRIS World Refugee Day website.
Each year, the official United Nations World Refugee Day in June honors the courage, strength and determination of the women, men and children forced to flee their homelands under threat of persecution, conflict and violence. IRIS's event this year is made possible through the generous sponsorship of the Center for Transitional Living LLC, and the Yale Macmillan Center Program on Refugees, Forced Displacement and Humanitarian Responses.
The following was submitted to The Press by Ridgefield resident Ann O'Brien, who co-chairs the Ridgefield Refugee Resettlement Committee, and IRIS is the group that worked with them to settle a family from Syria in town late last year.
HARRISBURG, Pa. (AP) — A district attorney ruled Monday that state police acted properly a year ago when they shot and killed a man they suspected of murdering a state trooper in a rural area of central Pennsylvania.
Huntingdon County District Attorney David Smith issued his decision in the Dec. 31 death in Hesston of 32-year-old Jason Robison.
The two-page report said troopers searching for Robison found him inside a camper not far from where Trooper Landon Weaver had been killed.
Smith said the investigators retreated and secured the area, and a short time later, Robison appeared at the camper door, holding a pistol.
Advertisement
“Troopers at the scene ordered Robison numerous times to drop his gun, which he refused to do,” Smith wrote. “Robison moved as if to advance from the camper while still holding the pistol in his hand. After Robison began to move, members of the state police fired shots at Robison, who was struck in the head, torso, arms and legs.”
A .32-caliber Beretta pistol was recovered beside Robison's body. It contained eight live rounds, and there were two other bullets in the pocket of his jacket.
The prosecutor deemed the killing as justified and said authorities will not the release the names of troopers involved.
Investigators said earlier this year they recovered 22 spent rounds from the scene, none that matched Robison's gun.
Weaver had gone to Robison's home to investigate an alleged violation of a protective order for texting his ex-girlfriend.
Robison's mother, Sherry Lou Robison, told investigators her son pulled a handgun out of his pants and walked toward the trooper. She then heard a popping sound and saw Weaver fall to the floor, bleeding.
Weaver, 23, had been with the state police for about a year. He had been married about six months before his murder.
.
ALBANY – Democratic Sen. Simcha Felder announced Tuesday that he will stick with the Republican majority through the legislative session even if Democrats achieve a numerical majority in special elections tonight.
Felder's decision means the Republicans -- with his help -- will maintain at least 32 seats in the 63-seat Senate even if Democrats win the two contests to fill vacancies. That said, the senator said he could reconsider the decision later this year.
“Regardless of which candidates prevail in today's elections, I will continue to caucus with the majority coalition,” Felder (D-Brooklyn) said in a statement. “This issue is best resolved outside of the legislative session, and I look forward to revisiting it after session.”
The entire State Legislature is up for re-election in November. Felder, of Brooklyn, faces a Democratic primary in the fall in his conservative district, where he has strong Democratic and Republican support.
If Felder were to flip the majority to the Democrats during the current legislative session, which is scheduled to end June 20, he could touch off an ugly power struggle. Republicans have created Senate rules that require 38 votes to change the chamber's leadership, a rule Sen. Michael Gianaris (D-Queens) insists can be changed a vote of 32 senators. If tested, the rule would likely be contested in court.
“I believe it is my obligation to prevent an unprecedented and uncertain late-session political battle that will only hurt my constituents and New Yorkers,” Felder said. “Political gamesmanship must not be allowed to jeopardize the leadership, committee structure and staff of the New York State Senate and push this institution into turmoil. Upheaval and court battles among partisans is not the preferred method of governing.”
Several Democrats said Tuesday that they hoped to win a clear majority in the November elections, which they expect would prompt Felder to join them.
Felder won a major victory in the state budget negotiations last month with the help of Senate Majority Leader John Flanagan (R-East Northport). Senate Republicans agreed to some exemptions to state public school standards for Jewish schools in Felder's district. Republicans nearly held up the $168 billion budget for that issue and ultimately won.
Get The 1600 newsletter Get our inside look at the White House and goings on in the Donald Trump administration. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
The most closely contested race in the special election Tuesday is in Westchester County. Shelley Mayer, a Democratic Assembly member, faces former Rye City Coucil member Julie Killian for the Senate seat. The seat was vacated after longtime Sen. George Latimer, a Democrat, was elected Westchester County executive.
Democrats expected to easily retain their seat in a heavily Democratic district in the Bronx, which became vacant when Sen. Ruben Diaz Sr. won election to New York City Council. Democratic Assemb. Luis Sepulveda, Republican Patrick Delices and Reform Party candidate Pamela Stewart-Martinez are vying for the seat.
The Senate's Democratic majority issued a statement in which leaders said they were confident of winning both special election seats Tuesday. The statement didn't mention Felder by name, but said: “The voters are sick and tired of Democrats that empower Trump Republicans.”
Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo apparently wasn't satisfied with Felder's decision to delay the power switch until after the session. Cuomo has been pressured by his Democratic primary opponent, activist-actress Cynthia Nixon, and the Working Families Party that backs her to unify Democrats into a Senate majority.
“The governor's position is clear: the Democrats must unify to take back the majority.” said Cuomo spokeswoman Dani Lever. “This conversation will continue in the morning.”
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Alberta restaurant owner said decision supports ‘our oilsands workers and our oil industry'
The owner of a restaurant in Fort McMurray says she has removed B.C. VQA wine from her wine list in the wake of the B.C. government's latest move involving the Trans Mountain pipeline expansion.
Karen Collins, owner of Asti Trattoria Italiana, said in a post to social media that the decision supports our “our oilsands workers and our oil industry,” and hopes other Alberta restaurants follow suit.
On Tuesday, the province announced a proposal to ban increased shipments of diluted bitumen off the coast until it can determine that shippers are prepared and able to properly clean up a spill.
Alberta Premier Rachel Notley has loudly slammed the move, and announced she is suspending talks on electricity sharing with B.C.
READ MORE: Province takes aim at Trans Mountain pipeline with proposed bitumen restrictions
Collins' post has provoked conversation about how B.C.'s wine industry supports the province's economy in similar ways to the oil sands.
“When an industry is hit it lobbies it's own government – hopefully the wineries and other industries will feel some hurt and impact just as we do and lobby their government to make changes,” Collins said to one comment.
“It's sad that Canadian provinces cannot find a way of supporting each other.”
@ashwadhwani
ashley.wadhwani@bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
LAHORE: The Jamaatud Dawa (JuD) on Wednesday requested the Interior Ministry for the removal of its head Hafiz Saeed, currently under house arrest, and 37 other party activists' names from the Exit Control List (ECL), as the party and its members were not involved in any terrorist activities in the country.
The application moved by party counsel AK Dogar alludes to the Interior Ministry notification issued on January 30, consequently, the JuD chief and four of his aides were placed under one month house arrest.
In his letter, the Dogar said that on instructions from his client (JuD), he is pleading that the ministry withdraws its decision regarding the ECL. Dogar claims that JuD had never been a part of terrorist activities in Pakistan, and no terror-related incident was ever linked to the organisation.
The JuD is dedicated to the welfare of citizens as it has set up 142 schools and four universities in the country and Falah-e-Insaniat Foundation (FIF) is sufficient proof to this effect,” it said.
It claimed that the government was failed to produce any kind of evidence against his client and to prove his[counsel] point he will submit documents in the count which will prove Saeed's and his aides' innocence.
The January 30 notification placed the JuD and the FIF on the watch list and put on the second schedule under Section 11-EEE(1) of the Anti-Terrorism Act 1997. A subsequent handout issued by the Punjab government said, “In the light of Section 11-EEE(1) of the Anti Terrorism Act, the Punjab government has taken organisational office-bearers of the aforementioned organisations playing an active role including Hafiz Muhammad Saeed (Lahore), Abdullah Ubaid (Faisalabad), Zafar Iqbal (Markaz Tayyaba Muridke), Abdul Rehman Abid (Markaz Tayyaba Muridke) and Kashif Niazi of Multan into protective custody.”
The FIF and JuD have been taking steps which could harm the peace and security of the country and are involved in activities that violate United Nations Security Council (UNSC) Resolution 1267, the Interior Ministry stated in its order.
Saeed's detention came following Interior Minister Chaudhry Nisar Ali Khan's remarks that the government was taking steps to fulfil its international obligations regarding JuD.
India accuses the JuD chief of masterminding the 2008 Mumbai attacks. Saeed has repeatedly denied ordering the Mumbai attacks and has distanced himself from the Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT), a banned militant group in Pakistan that India blames for the incident. Saeed was put under house arrest soon after the Mumbai attacks but was released on court orders in June 2009.
SHANGHAI (AP) — Since her father was elected president of the United States, global sales of Ivanka Trump merchandise have surged and her company has applied for at least nine new trademarks in the Philippines, Puerto Rico, Canada and the U.S — signs that the commercial engine of Ivanka's brand is still humming even as the first daughter builds a new political career from her West Wing office.
Sales hit record levels in 2017, despite boycotts and several stores limiting her merchandise. U.S. imports, almost all of them from China, shot up an estimated 166 percent last year. The brand, which Trump still owns, says distribution is growing. It has launched new activewear and affordable jewelry lines and is working to expand its global intellectual property footprint. In addition to applying for the new trademarks, Ivanka Trump Marks LLC has won provisional approval from the Chinese government for four new trademarks since the inauguration.
Criminal conflict of interest law prohibits federal officials, like Trump and her husband, from participating in government matters that could impact their own financial interest or that of their spouse. Some argue that the more her business broadens its scope, the more it threatens to encroach on the ability of two of President Trump's most trusted advisers to deliver credible advice on core issues like trade, intellectual property, and the value of the Chinese currency.
Trump has distanced herself from day-to-day management of her brand, which she still owns, and shifted its assets to a family-run trust valued at more than $50 million. In a recent interview with CBS News, she argued that her business would be doing even better if she hadn't moved to Washington and placed restrictions on her team to ensure that “any growth is done with extreme caution.”
Advertisement
The new trademark applications seek the right to put Ivanka's name on lingerie in the U.S., baby clothes in the Philippines, handbags in Puerto Rico and perfume in Canada, among a host of other things. Trademarks can be used to expand a business or defend against copycats. They have ethical implications for public servants because they are granted by foreign governments and can be enormously valuable.
Her brand said in a statement that Trump herself did not sign off on the new applications, adding they are “not necessarily” an indication of planned expansion.
Ivanka Trump Marks LLC has more than 180 pending and registered trademarks in countries that include China, Japan, Mexico, Turkey, Israel, Canada and Saudi Arabia. In China alone the company has 32 pending trademarks.
Ivanka and Kushner have taken on prominent roles as China interlocutors in the administration. Norman Eisen, who served as Barack Obama's chief White House ethics lawyer, said he would “never have allowed it.”
“Ivanka has so many China ties and conflicts, yet she and Jared appear deeply involved in China contacts and policy,” he said. “For their own sake and the country's, Ivanka and Jared should consider stepping away from China matters.”
Jamie Gorelick, an attorney for Ivanka Trump, said she and her husband would steer clear of specific areas that could impact her business, but are under no legal obligation to step back from huge swaths of policy, like trade with China.
“The ethics rules restrict participation in ‘particular matters' that focus on the interests of a discrete and identifiable class,” she said. “Foreign policy toward China is not a particular matter: it affects diverse national interests and every sector of society.”
__
D'Innocenzio reported from New York. Associated Press reporter Catherine Lucey in Washington, researcher Fu Ting in Shanghai, and reporters Danica Coto in San Juan, Puerto Rico, Teresa Cerojano in Manila and Elaine Kurtenbach in Tokyo contributed to this report.
Follow Kinetz on Twitter at twitter.com/ekinetz
× 1 of 3 Expand Art Chadwick Jr. at Chadwick & Sons Orchids greenhouse in Powhatan (Photo by Jay Paul) × 2 of 3 Expand Art Chadwick Jr. and Aaron Talley at the Chadwick greenhouse in Powhatan (Photo by Jay Paul) × 3 of 3 Expand One of Chadwick's hybrids, the Williette Wong "The Best" (Photo by Jay Paul) Prev Next
Down Dorset Road in Powhatan County lies a piece of the jungle, or rather tens of thousands of pieces: Row after row of orchids fill 150,000 square feet of greenhouses at Chadwick & Son Orchids, part of a farm on 18 acres of sprawling wooded property. It is a massive reservoir that feeds into a small store in The Fan.
When you walk into that store, Chadwick & Sons Orchids on Belmont Avenue, it's hard to decide what to look at first. The walls are covered with large, vibrant paintings of orchids and photos of famous women proudly holding orchids. Freshly blooming orchids are perched throughout the store on stands and shelves. Some are more than 2 feet tall, while others are petite and delicate.
Behind the counter stands a man in a colorful button-down shirt who has a relaxed and curious smile. He's Art Chadwick Jr., owner of the shop and greenhouses and a resident of the Powhatan farm. One customer says Chadwick looks like Jimmy Buffet, an appropriate reference for someone who has brought this tropical paradise to life.
“I've never had a horticulture class, but I'm inspired by this flower,” Chadwick says — walking from behind the counter and revealing bare feet — “so I live it 24 hours a day, just 6 feet away from me, either here in the shop or home on the farm.”
Fostering Blooms
The store stays busy. Most leave with a purchase in bloom, but many walks in with bare orchids in hand, plants in need of some foster care.
Orchids only bloom three months out of the year. As the last petals fall, customers can bring their plants to Chadwick. For $2 a month, he and his team will board the orchid and pamper and prepare the plant for another round of blooming. They'll call customers as buds begin to appear.
“Instead of throwing an orchid away, you can come back, give it to him, and he'll take it back to his greenhouse,” says customer John West. He and his wife, Cabell, have more than 20 orchids in their home; most are from Chadwick. “In a couple of months, he'll call and say it's ready for blooming again, and we'll go pick it up down the road.”
Janis Ranck, vice president, says the company boarded nearly 8,000 orchids in 2016.
“Eventually, they all make their way back here,” says Chadwick.
A woman who is moving to the West End proves his point as she enters the store to drop off her orchid for Chadwick to “babysit.” After a long story about how the orchid has been doing and her big move, she turns to leave. She can't make it all the way to the door, though, before she stops to look at four or five orchids on display. They are calling to her, dying to be doted over and taken home. She eventually shakes her head out of a trance and says a final goodbye.
Like Father, Like Son (Sort Of)
Before mastering the art of orchid care, Chadwick was an electrical engineer. After years in the field, he became disenchanted with the business and his superiors. One day, he picked up the phone and called his father.
“I want to go into the orchid business,” he said.
Chadwick Sr. had maintained a greenhouse throughout his son's childhood. It was a hobby, but he says it was also a passion that had begun when he fell in love with orchids when he was 13. A neighbor of his family had a greenhouse filled with orchids, and he couldn't resist stopping by.
“It only takes one orchid plant to do it,” Chadwick Sr. says of his nearly lifelong obsession.
Orchids at that time were a fashion accessory made famous by movie stars and first ladies. It was a big business, and many orchid growers were rich, he says. The plants eventually fell from fashion and many growers went out of business, but Chadwick Sr. retained his interest and maintained his greenhouses.
The family was supportive of Chadwick Jr.'s career change, and the father and son developed a retail model rooted in the unique boarding program. His father and mother, Anne, came down from their home in Delaware and helped Chadwick Jr. build the greenhouses, work that entailed digging 150-foot trenches and dragging 20-foot-long pieces of redwood timber.
They opened Chadwick & Sons Orchids Inc. in 1989.
Today, there isn't an open hook or table under the canopies behind Chadwick's home. Every inch of the farm is filled with orchid plants from households across the metro area. Here, he and his staff take care of each one, watering, repotting and providing nutrients.
NEW DELHI (AP) — India's space agency said it successfully launched more than 100 foreign nano satellites into orbit Wednesday aboard a single rocket.
The Indian Space Research Organization said the nano satellites — those weighing less than 10 kilograms (22 pounds) — were sent into orbit on board its polar satellite launch vehicle in southern India.
The agency said the launching of the 104 satellites was a record, overtaking Russia's feat of sending 37 satellites in a single launch in 2014.
The nano satellites belong to various companies in the United States, the United Arab Emirates, Israel, the Netherlands and Kazakhstan, according to the ISRO.
“All 104 satellites were successfully placed in orbit,” the Press Trust of India news agency quoted ISRO Chairman A.S. Kiran Kumar as saying. They included an Indian earth observation satellite.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi tweeted that the “remarkable feat by ISRO is yet another proud moment for our space scientific community and the nation.”
India has been striving to become a player in the multibillion-dollar space launch market, and has successfully placed light satellites into orbit in recent years. It hopes to eventually send astronauts into space.
In September 2014, India successfully guided a spacecraft into orbit around Mars. Only the United States, the former Soviet Union and the European Space Agency had been able to previously do that.
LoadSpring's Cloud Platform has the means to provide innovative Cloud-based project management solutions all around the world. Its efficient programs have helped over 4,000 companies and hosted over 200 applications.
[WILMINGTON, 07/02/2018] – Businesses should take advantage of developing technologies that can streamline their processes. One such advantage is the use of cloud computing, or keeping all their software, programs, and files on a private “Cloud”instead of on one computer or a local server.
By doing so, businesses can focus on the nature of their business, reduce expenses, and can access data even from outside the office, making it more efficient for everyone involved. To get started on Cloud computing, they can opt to create their own, but this can take a while and will depend on how well a business' IT department can make one. Instead of doing so, why not hire the services of LoadSpring, a Massachusetts-based cloud company offering solutions around the world.
Advanced Cloud Strategies
LoadSpring hosts, maintains, and supports thousands of companies around the world with its Cloud-based Project Management and Engineering software solutions. They cater to all industries and provide the Cloud and other customized applications so that clients do not have to build their own and only need to focus on their own project or businesses.
It mitigates the risk of having all of a business' data stored on a physical computer or local server and saves everything on the internet. The cloud is protected by an SSAE 16 SOC 2 Type II, which assures clients that their data will be totally protected.
Empowering Innovation
LoadSpring has been constantly innovating to find better cloud-based solutions for its clients. As a result, clients get a fast, easy, and simple cloud platform that can ease their project management needs. The LoadSpring Cloud Platform is lightning-quick and provides tight security to protect one's data. Users receive single sign-on access to over hundreds of project management applications. In addition,its simple interface provides different tools to help with business intelligence via their CIO Dashboard, and other needs.
About LoadSpring
LoadSpring provides businesses and other organizations with cloud-based solutions that help manage projects and other tasks necessary in the organization. Based in Massachusetts, the company's Cloudcan host, maintain, support, and continue to innovate ways to make its clients' processes more efficient.
Businesses interested in adding cloud computing to their model should look at LoadSpring's numbers. It is 62 percent faster than other providers, helps over 4,000 companies, handles 100,000 cloud users worldwide, and hosts over 200 applications.
Visit https://www.loadspring.com/ to learn more about LoadSpring today.
The Anglican Church have a cunning plan.
After having their hand forced by a bunch of jobsworths who want to force them to restore a clapped out and broken down cathedral of no architectural merit it seems they have got one over the busybodies:
The group that will decide the fate of Christ Church Cathedral will consider gifting the church to the people of New Zealand. The Anglican synod will meet next month to vote on what to do with the earthquake-damaged cathedral. Until now, it was considering two options: restoration or building a new church. On Monday, the Anglican Diocese announced there would be a third choice: handing it over to the Government to manage on behalf of the citizenry. “By gifting the cathedral building to the Government, it would be reinstated to its former glory and managed by them on behalf of all New Zealanders for use as a public space. I am not saying that will happen, but it is a possibility I think we need to put before the Synod,” Bishop Victoria Matthews said.
In other words, “we don't want it, didn't want it, and certainly didn't want to rebuild it, but you bunch of wankers have now forced our hands, so here it is, take it…the wreck is all yours…now go away and fix it yourselves…we will get on with doing other things.”
Watch the howling ensue. They will insist the government pour even more millions into a stupid building as cost escalate…which they are already doing.
Diocese members will hear the three options at a series of area meetings this week ahead of the Synod vote. In a statement, the diocese said it “strongly encourages those involved or interested in the decision to review this information”. “In less than a month, the decision about the future of the [cathedral] will be made,” Matthews said. “To those who say it has taken far too long, the church agrees, but in fact we have had to spend time in the courts and have experienced other delays such as the Government's offer of assistance. Those two factors together added months and even years to the Diocese's ability to make our decision.” Financial support for restoration has grown in recent months. It includes the church's insurance proceeds of nearly $42 million, a $10m pledge from the Christchurch City Council – supported by councillors but subject to consultation – a Great Christchurch Buildings Trust (GCBT) pledge of $13.7m, a $10m Crown cash contribution and a $15m government loan that would not have to be paid back if restoration was completed in reasonable time and stayed within budget. The Government states it would cost $104m to restore the cathedral, compared to $127.2m quoted by Anglican leaders. The Government estimates it would cost $80m to build a new cathedral, compared to the $43m estimated by the CPT.
Leave them to it.
A good cunning plan by the Anglicans.
-Fairfax
A 24-hour pedal power event in Leeds will kick-start a new appeal to find 50,000 new organ donors across Yorkshire within just six months.
Organ donation charity Be A Hero's ‘Yorkshire to 50k' challenge from 10am on September 4 in Millennium Square will see six static bikes powering a seven-foot-tall inflatable heart.
If each of us can inspire just one friend or family member to sign the register, it'll go a long way to saving lives in the future. Justin Grace
Volunteers will pedal through day and night to keep Yorkshire's heart inflated for 24 hours. It will be attended by British Cycling's Head Sprint Coach and liver transplant recipient, Justin Grace, and Olympic cyclist Katy Marchant, from Leeds. Only around a third of people in Yorkshire, around 1.9 million, have registered a wish to donate organs after their death - whilst there are nearly 500 people waiting for a transplant in the region.
In 2016/17, 115 people in Yorkshire donated organs after their death. Between them, these people donated over 300 organs so others might receive a life-changing transplant.
In Leeds, 28 individuals donated organs after their death. Because of their sacrifice, 81 patients received a life changing transplant, including some who had a much-needed multi-organ transplant.
Dr Justin McKinlay, of Leeds Teaching Hospitals NHS Trust, said: “One person has the remarkable ability to save up to nine lives by donating their organs when they die. If we can inspire 50,000 people to sign the donor register, we can ensure a brighter future for the people of Yorkshire, and beyond, who are awaiting a life changing transplant.
Mr Grace, who had a liver transplant at St James's Hospital in November, said: “If each of us can inspire just one friend or family member to sign the register, it'll go a long way to saving lives in the future.”
For more details visit: www.leedsth.nhs.uk/be-a-hero
A winning $5 million Mega Millions lottery ticket was sold at a gas station in Chicago last week, according to the Illinois Lottery.And the winner had yet to come forward Monday afternoon, lottery officials said.The Quick Pick ticket has the winning numbers -- 05 - 10 - 55 - 60 - 73, plus the 5X Megaplier -- from Friday's drawing.The ticket was purchased at Mobil, 2800 W. Lawrence Ave., on the city's North Side.The Illinois Lottery urged the lucky winner to immediately sign the back of the ticket and keep it in a safe place until they visit one of the lottery's five Prize Centers in Chicago, Des Plaines, Rockford, Springfield or Fairview Heights.Winners have one year from the original drawing date to claim their prize.For more information, visit: illinoislottery.com
5W1H: 'India is backward because of Bihar, UP, MP, Chhatisgarh and Rajasthan'
This is a segment of Zee News which brings to you the latest updates. 'India is backward because of Bihar, UP, MP, Chhatisgarh and Rajasthan', says NITI Aayog Chairman. Watch this video for more information.
This summary was written by Jordan Henrie.
Bo Brusco and Joe Stay, primary members of the local surf rock group Vic Fox, harness the sound of surfing southern California waves with acoustic renditions of songs featured on their debut EP, Coastal Living.
“These songs take me to summer vacation,” Brusco said. “Just chilling on the beach without a care in the world.”
Listen and watch their Sounds of Spori session below.
© Sputnik International
White House chief of staff John Kelly told President Trump on Wednesday that he believed a classified memo written by House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes was being overhyped and did not have the damning details Republicans claim to know about the FBI and Justice Department, according to a report published late Thursday.Kelly hand-delivered the memo to Trump in the Oval Office Wednesday afternoon. They both talked about it then Kelly left Trump to read the full document by himself.Hours later, Kelly returned to speak with his boss and told him according to the Washington Post . The warrant allowed FBI and DOJ officials to spy on former Trump campaign aide Carter Page.Trump called for the release of the memo prior to even reading it. White House officials have said the president thinks the memo's release will prove that a group of top government officials have been out to get him.Kelly has spoken this week with multiple senior-level FBI officials, including Director Christopher Wray,
video size: 640x360 730x576 1024x576 1280x720 1920x1080 custom size x Advanced Embed Example Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document. .videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; } show more
Fort Knox, Ky - Over 30 members of the 1st Theater Sustainment Command (TSC) said goodbye to their families, friends, and unit team members Nov. 30 at a deployment ceremony held at Sadowski Center on post.
The team, which is comprised of Soldiers and Department of the Army Civilians, deployed to Kuwait where they will assume the Strategic Operations and Plans (SOaP) mission.
Since 2006, the 1st TSC has been perpetually deployed to the 20-country, six-million-square mile where it conducts sustainment operations to ensure warfighters have the supplies and transportation capabilities they need to accomplish their missions.
Every six months, the command deploys a team of Soldiers to the region, which it designates the Red, White, or Blue team. This team, the White Team, will replace the Red Team, which is scheduled to redeploy in mid-December. The Blue Team will begin training to replace the White Team in the coming months.
I've heard so many of my friends say they can't "pull off" hot pink lipstick. It's not really all that surprising; hot pink is one of the more polarizing shades out there. It demands attention, and it's nearly impossible to miss when you're wearing it. But thanks to Givenchy's latest lipstick launch, wearing hot pink on your lips just got a lot less challenging. The designer beauty brand's Rouge Interdit Marbled Lipstick in 27 Rose Révélateur ($34; barneys.com) was designed to adapt to every skin tone, so it's universally flattering.
The lipstick has black and pink pigments swirled together, which is a little confusing at first. It won't give you a multicolored lip look, though: The black pigment doesn't transfer to your skin, but instead is there to intensify and enhance the pink. It essentially makes the pink color even bolder.
Never met a sale you didn't ♥? #Same. Sign up for our new shopping newsletter for exclusive discounts, celeb inspo, & more. Sign Up
The creamy, satin lipstick also has a pigment worked into the formula that adapts to your lips' pH levels, giving you a custom hot pink look. To road-test the shade, four InStyle staffers took it for a spin. Keep scrolling to see it on real women and to read their thoughts on the formula and color.
VIDEO: One Of These $3 Lip Balms Is Sold Every Second Across the World
© Wilfredo Lee/Associated Press
© Wilfredo Lee/Associated Press
© Wilfredo Lee/Associated Press
Perched in trees and scampering down sidewalks, green iguanas have become so common across South Florida that many see them not as exotic invaders, but as reptilian squirrels.Native to Central and South America, green iguanas that escaped or were dumped as pets have been breeding in the Miami suburbs and the Keys for at least a decade without making headlines like other voracious invasive reptiles such as Burmese pythons or black-and-white tegu lizards.They've been considered mostly harmless because they eat plants instead of native animals. But their burrows undermine seawalls, sidewalks and levees, and they eat their way through valuable landscaping as well as native plants. Their droppings can be a significant cleanup problem, as well as a potential source of salmonella bacteria, which causes food poisoning.Compared with elusive pythons in the Everglades, iguanas are easy to spot. They can grow to more than 5 feet long, and they like what draws people to Florida: nice landscaping, waterfront views, swimming pools and sunbathing.One iguana even stopped a first-round tennis match at this year's Miami Open by crawling over a scoreboard onto the court. German player Tommy Haas snapped a selfie with it, but his Czech opponent Jiri Vesely complained to the umpire that he couldn't concentrate. An ATP Tour video shows the umpire telling Vesely, "It's not a dangerous animal."Trapper Brian Wood easily caught three iguanas one recent afternoon, each roughly 3 feet long, basking on a condominium's seawall in the resort community of Sunny Isles Beach. Using a long fishing pole, he looped wire around their necks, reeled them in, and placed them in a narrow metal cage.Janet Sarno, board chairwoman at King's Point Imperial Condo, hired Wood because the number of iguanas — big adults and bright green babies — hanging around the building's pool has been growing despite residents' attempts to chase them away or block their entry."Maybe 10 years ago, you might see one or two on the seawall. Now there's 20 at a time coming out. There's just too much," she said.The iguanas burrow under the seawall and first-floor patios, climb trees to reach second-floor balconies and eat the bright blooms off recently planted bougainvillea, Sarno said."They just come and they eat, they dig ... they're in the pool," Sarno said. "Lately, there's crap all over. It's terrible."Wood primarily hunts alligators and tans their skins for luxury leather goods, but he's received so many calls from homeowners seeking help with iguanas in the last several years that he created a pest control business called Iguana Catchers.He wants to breed the iguanas he catches to sell hatchlings as pets in northern states with cold winters. In the meantime, he euthanizes them and sells their meat as a delicacy. He's also trying to generate interest in iguana skins as a sustainable leather source, alongside alligator and python skins available in his Hollywood store."They're like rats, they're always going to be here," Wood said. "I think it's going to be a growing business."Not much threatens adult iguanas here except cars and cold weather, which has kept them from spreading farther north. Prolonged cold snaps in 2009 and 2010 killed off many of them — news stations showed frigid iguanas stiffly falling from trees — but the population rebounded. Scientists say development has only increased their preferred habitat.The damage, cleanup and health concerns associated with iguanas, as well as their dramatic population growth, has prompted state officials to start thinking about management strategies."Calls from residents about iguanas have increased, which pushed us to address them this year," said Sarah Funck, non-native species program coordinator for the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission.In the Florida Keys, iguanas ate up the host plant for the endangered Miami blue butterfly in Bahia Honda State Park. Nearly 600 iguanas have been removed from the park in the last two fiscal years, according to Florida's Department of Environmental Protection, but the quarter-sized butterflies haven't returned.State officials worry their digging may exacerbate long-term ecological damage if their burrows destabilize water restoration projects or flood-control structures near the Everglades. The South Florida Water Management District has reinforced some canal banks in Palm Beach County to prevent damage from burrowing iguanas, said Rory Feeney, the district's land resources bureau chief."Burrowing in these levees, particularly around structures, can cause hydraulic eddies and can increase erosion to our system," Feeney said.Florida wants to protect its smaller native lizards and keep green iguanas from becoming as big a pest as they have become in the Caribbean. In the Cayman Islands, researchers have confirmed with DNA evidence that green iguanas have hybridized with native iguanas.On Grand Cayman, the adult green iguana population grew from 127,660 in 2014 to more than 400,000 last year, according to Jane Haakonsson, a researcher with the terrestrial resources unit of the Cayman Islands' environment department. An experimental hunt in July on the 22-mile-long island netted nearly 14,500 iguanas — 16 tons of carcasses — hardly enough to control them."Everyone is complaining about it. Everyone has issues with their pools and their gardens, and on the roads they're being run over all the time," Haakonsson said. "A lot of the hatchings being born are surviving. What we're doing is not stopping them."
PANMUNJOM — Viewing his adversaries in the distance, U.S. Vice President Mike Pence traveled to the tense zone dividing North and South Korea and warned Pyongyang that after years of testing the U.S. and South Korea with its nuclear ambitions, “the era of strategic patience is over.”
Pence made an unannounced visit to the Demilitarized Zone Monday at the start of his 10-day trip to Asia in a U.S. show of force that allowed the vice president to gaze at North Korean soldiers from afar and stare directly across a border marked by razor wire. As the brown bomber jacket-clad vice president was briefed near the military demarcation line, two North Korean soldiers watched from a short distance away, one taking multiple photographs of the American visitor.
Pence told reporters near the DMZ that President Donald Trump was hopeful China would use its “extraordinary levers” to pressure the North to abandon its weapons program, a day after the North's failed missile test launch. But Pence expressed impatience with the unwillingness of the regime to move toward ridding itself of nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles.
Pointing to the quarter-century since the United States first confronted North Korea over its attempts to build nuclear weapons, the vice president said a period of patience had followed.
“But the era of strategic patience is over,” he declared. “President Trump has made it clear that the patience of the United States and our allies in this region has run out and we want to see change. We want to see North Korea abandon its reckless path of the development of nuclear weapons, and also its continual use and testing of ballistic missiles is unacceptable.”
Later Monday, Pence reiterated in a joint statement alongside South Korean Acting President Hwang Kyo-ahn that “all options are on the table” to deal with threat and said any use of nuclear weapons by Pyongyang would be met with “an overwhelming and effective response.” He said the American commitment to South Korea is “iron-clad and immutable.”
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Pointing to Trump's recent military actions in Syria and Afghanistan, Pence said, “North Korea would do well not to test his resolve,” or the U.S. armed forces in the region.
The vice president earlier visited a military installation near the DMZ, Camp Bonifas, for a briefing with military leaders at the joint U.S.-South Korean installation, which is just outside the 2.5-mile (4.02-kilometer)-wide DMZ. Under rainfall, Pence later stood a few meters from the military demarcation line outside Freedom House, gazing at the North Korean soldiers across the border, and then peered at a deforested stretch of North Korea from a lookout post in the hillside.
Meanwhile, China made a plea for a return to negotiations. Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said Monday that tensions need to be eased on the Korean Peninsula to bring the escalating dispute there to a peaceful resolution. Lu said Beijing wants to resume the multi-party negotiations that ended in stalemate in 2009 and suggested that U.S. plans to deploy a missile defense system in South Korea were damaging its relations with China.
In Tokyo, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, speaking to a parliamentary session Monday, said: “Needless to say, diplomatic effort is important to maintain peace. But dialogue for the sake of having dialogue is meaningless.”
“We need to apply pressure on North Korea so they seriously respond to a dialogue” with the international community, he said, urging China and Russia to play more constructive roles on the issue.
Pence's visit, full of Cold War symbolism, came amid increasing tensions and heated rhetoric on the Korean Peninsula. While the North did not conduct a nuclear test, the specter of a potential test and an escalated U.S. response has trailed Pence as he undertakes his Asian tour.
Trump wrote Sunday on Twitter that China was working with the United States on “the North Korea problem.” His national security adviser, H.R. McMaster, said the U.S. would rely on its allies as well as Chinese leadership to resolve the issues with North Korea.
McMaster cited Trump's recent decision to order missile strikes in Syria after a chemical attack blamed on the Assad government, as a sign that the president “is clearly comfortable making tough decisions.” But at the same time, McMaster said on “This Week” on ABC that “it's time for us to undertake all actions we can, short of a military option, to try to resolve this peacefully.”
The Trump administration is hoping that China will help rein in North Korea in exchange for other considerations. Last week, Trump said he would not declare China a currency manipulator, pulling back from a campaign promise, as he looked for help from Beijing, which is the North's dominant trade partner.
International Star Eugenio Derbez talked about his prolific career, which began at age 12, and his upcoming film, "How to be a Latin lover."For more on Derbez, visit: eugenioderbez.tv/
If teachers know more about the subjects they teach, students would learn more, he said Tuesday, Feb. 14.
The Minnesota House Education Finance Committee Tuesday approved Urdahl's legislation to provide tax credits of $2,500 to teachers who earn master's degrees in their fields. It is expected to become part of an overall tax bill lawmakers consider later this spring.
The tax credit equals about a quarter of the cost of getting a master's degree, Urdahl said.
About half of teachers get master's degrees, but more than nine out of 10 of them do not get them in the areas they teach.
Urdahl said that many teachers want to become administrators and go for advanced degrees that would help them land those jobs. Under his bill, teachers could get degrees in whatever fields they want, but only would qualify for tax breaks if the degree is in their field.
In six years of pushing the concept, Urdahl has received no strong objection. Last year, for instance, it was in a tax bill lawmakers overwhelmingly passed, but Gov. Mark Dayton did not sign it because it contained a costly error in another provision.
Urdahl, a Grove City Republican and former teacher for 35 years, emphasises in his bill core academic subjects such as English, reading, math, science, foreign languages, civics, economics, history and geography.
Rep. Julie Sandstede, D-Hibbing, said she supports the Urdahl idea, but wants to make sure it can help teachers of other subjects, too.
"Any time we can help teachers become better instructors, the students can benefit from that," said Sandstede, herself a teacher.
Urdahl said he is open to allowing a broader range of teachers to qualify for the tax break.
Another issue the Urdahl bill is supposed to address is a 2022 deadline for Minnesota to meet guidelines for teachers who teach college classes in high schools. The Center on Education Progress, an education watchdog group, says that by then teachers should have advanced degrees in the subjects they teach.
Many schools offer classes that provide both high school and college credits if teachers are accredited by colleges.
The state Revenue Department reports a tax credit may increase the number of teachers with degrees in the fields they teach by 1 percent per year.
While Urdahl said that is not a dramatic increase, it could help. "It is a modest bill."
If a school pays for a teacher getting a master's degree, the tax credit would not be available.
"Some districts are able to pay for this, others aren't," said Roger Aronson, representing state elementary and secondary school principals.
He said principals support the tax breaks.
The digital era is marking a shift from tried-and-tested espionage techniques to more offbeat tactics, including mobile apps. The Israeli military experienced cyberattacks first-hand as Hamas-operated dating and sports apps reportedly tried to lure the soldiers into giving up sensitive security information.
On Tuesday, the Israeli Defense Forces (IDF) said that Hamas, the Islamist organization which governs the Gaza Strip, had built fake Facebook profiles where they pretended to be attractive young Israelis.
In a statement published on the IDF website, a senior intelligence officer said that the army had been receiving dozens of reports from soldiers about suspicious social media profiles and apps since January.
READ MORE: Hamas Allegedly Paid Gaza Family to Accuse Israel of Baby Girl's Deat
Hamas operatives, Israel claims, built fake Facebook profiles or use stolen identities to pretend to be young women. Then, they would move the new relationship over to WhatsApp messenger to woo the soldiers into downloading fake apps.
Following reports of suspicious young ladies flirting with IDF personnel, the military launched an operation codenamed Broken Heart and found out that the sham apps were available on the Google Play Store. They have already been downloaded by 100 soldiers.
The first two bogus apps were called Glancelove and Winkchat. The third one, Golden Cup, was promoted as a live score aid which was filled with information about the ongoing World Cup Russia.
Once downloaded, the apps would allow Hamas militants to see the owner's location and contact list, and to turn the cellphone into a recording device.
© AP Photo / Adel Hana IDF Spokesman Slams Hamas' 'Propaganda Operation' Around Gaza Protests
The IDF officer stated that, "thanks to the soldiers' awareness, alertness, and willingness to report the incidents, Israel's security was not damaged."
Hamas has yet to comment on the Israeli statement.
Hamas is an Islamist political and militant group which has ruled the Gaza strip since 2007. It stands for the creation of an independent Palestinian state and doesn't recognize the state of Israel. This spring, the group led mass rallies known as the Match of Return, claiming the Palestinians' "right for the return to the abandoned territories," land that was claimed by the State of Israel upon its proclamation in May, 1948.
Amazon will reportedly block Australian consumers from buying products from its overseas e-commerce sites in response to the nation's good and services tax changes.
Shoppers visiting the US store Amazon.com and the online behemoth's other overseas sites will be redirected to Amazon.com.au from July 1.
This coincides with GST changes where online retailers will have to apply the 10 per cent GST to goods bought from overseas sites and shipped to Australia, where currently the tax only applies to imports of goods above $1000.
Amazon told the ABC it regretted making the decision.
“We have had to assess the workability of the legislation as a global business with multiple international sites,” a spokeswoman said.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
Deshhit: Watch how this man is taking care of child ragpickers near Gorakhpur station
This is a segment of Zee News which brings to you positive news. Watch how this man is taking care of child ragpickers near Gorakhpur station.
By The Associated Press
ISTANBUL (AP) — A trial has begun in Turkey against dozens of suspects, including the alleged shooter in the New Year's Eve attack that left 39 people dead in Istanbul.
Fifty-seven suspects, mostly foreigners and 51 of them behind bars, were on trial Monday on the outskirts of Istanbul.
Albulkadir Masharipov — the lead suspect — is charged with membership in a terror group, murder, attempting to overthrow the constitutional order, among other charges. The prosecutor is seeking multiple aggravated life sentences.
On Jan. 1, an assailant shot his way into Istanbul's Reina nightclub where hundreds were partying. The assailant escaped and the Islamic State group claimed the attack. Masharipov was caught 15 days later.
Turkey has been hit by a string of attacks since 2015, blamed on Kurdish militants and IS.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
A comedian has been charged over offensive graffiti near Eurydice Dixon's memorial.
A comedian has been charged over offensive graffiti near Eurydice Dixon's memorial.
A MELBOURNE comedian has been charged with allegedly painting the "lewd markings" discovered close to the Princes Park memorial for Eurydice Dixon.
Ms Dixon, 22, an aspiring comedian, was killed as she walked home from a comedy gig in Melbourne's CBD on June 13.
A 31-year-old comedian has allegedly been charged with criminal damage, offensive behaviour and marking offensive graffiti, The Age reports.
Eurydice Dixon was found dead in Melbourne's Princes Park.
Police found offensive paint markings at the site in Princes Park on June 18, the day of a public vigil in Ms Dixon's honour
The man has been charged and bailed by police to face court in August, The Age reports.
The Friday Morning Quarterback (FMQB) Triple A Conference wrapped up their three-day lineup of performances this past Friday, August 11. The Boulder radio station hosted the conference, now in its eighth year, in order to highlight some of their top-played artists and who they'll feature in this year's playlists. With a free outdoor stage and ticketed events at the Fox Theatre, the conference made itself accessible to everyone. Over the course of the weekend were performances by Future Islands, Foxygen, Spoon and many more. But a lot of the magic happened between the sets when one could walk around downtown Boulder to catch one of the free shows, grab a bite and happy hour drinks and even find Portugal. the Man members chowing down at Illegal Pete's. Get caught up with our reviews of night one here and night two here.
Marlon Williams kicked off the free outdoor stage at 8:15 p.m. The upbeat folky vibes were the perfect start to the evening. The New Zealand artist offered serenading and soulful vocals accompanied with the occasional harmony — all paired with acoustic and not so acoustic instrumentation. Meanwhile, The Fox Theatre was setting up for their first performance of the evening, The Shelters. The punk rock groups singer had his hair slicked back and wore a white tank topped off with an unbuttoned short sleeve tee giving off the best greaser vibes. They claimed it smells a lot better in Colorado hinting at the first of many marijuana references of the evening. The band has a killer stage presence — not because they were head banging or fist pumping, but rather dancing a bit, grooving their shoulders and shaking their hips. It was old school meets new school and we loved it.
Colony House from Nashville was next up on the free outdoor stage, closing it down for the night. Their chants and upbeat guitar solos were reminiscent of early '00s alt rock and pop punk. Heavy percussions got the crowd moving, with the help of the band's own inspirations — their stage presence was lively, to say the least. They also played one of their songs because someone offered them $20. Now that's incredible fan dedication.
READ: Future Islands Dominated at FMQB's Triple A Conference
Before Portugal. the Man took over the main stage, LP offered funk and soul vocals intertwined with falsettos and even a little folk and country influence at times. There were many ambient transitions between songs including times where the pop-rock star would whistle — holy shit can she can whistle. The multi-faceted artist played the ukulele, guitar, tambourine and some impressive harmonica. LP put the word “effortless” to the test when it came to falsettos, hitting jaw-dropping notes without fault. She had one of those voices that you hear live and consider that you may be listening to a recording because it's too good. But it wasn't a recording. It was just damn perfect.
For anyone who was at Portugal. the Man's most recent Red Rocks show — the set was pretty much the same. Now, there were a few things that differentiated this performance from their 2017 Red Rocks show — the band occasionally flashed text on top of the psychadelic visuals, almost as if it were being projected as some sort of subliminal messaging joke. Throughout the show, the band flashed phrases like “Kanye is broke,” “Young Thug has no fashion sense” and even a series — “Y'all like smokin' weed?” “gettin' fucked yo?” “discussing politics at family gatherings?” “that's bad ass.” Second, they didn't play “Feel It Still” twice, nor did they play “Rich Friends” at all (which we're not mad about) and seemed to spend more time getting lost in extended jam sessions. Lastly, frontman John Gourley was not accompanied by wife Zoe Manville who occasionally plays shows with the group.
The visuals were eerie, psychedelic and fun, all being projected in front of the band so that they cast shadows adding an element of their own to the lighting. They played most of their fan favorites with the exception of a single full Satanic Satanist song and “Sleep Forever” which was recently cut from their setlist. But hey, the band has eight studio albums under their belt so there's only so much they can play.
READ: What You Need to Know About Portugal. the Man's New Album
Portugal. the Man ended their show with “global smash hit” “Feel It Still” where the word “Resist” flashed on top of the visuals. Earlier this year in an interview with 303 Magazines, keyboardist Kyle O'Quin said, “I don't like it when people push religion on me or push their politics or beliefs on me, and in that light, we want to share our beliefs without it being pushy.” It seems they succeeded in doing that — never mentioning a political word during the set, rather jamming the fuck out and slipping in occasionally hilarious sarcastic-feeling subliminal messages.
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
Zach Carothers, bassist for Portugal. the Man, returned to the stage with the band and said, “Every time we play this place something fucked up happens. Nothing fucked up has happened yet, so we'll play a better song.” O'Quin noted that his family was in the crowd and that they only had three minutes left before they got kicked off stage. At this point, they were 23 minutes past midnight — when they were scheduled to wrap it up. But they encored with an extended version of “Atomic Man” that had to have been at least six more minutes, and it was oh so satisfying. After an impressive Triple A Conference from day one to these final moments with Portugal. the Man, we have to say — we're already looking forward to what's in store for next year.
All photography by Meg O'Neill.
Jay Purves, the vice president of Contemporary Services Corporation, or CSC, Las Vegas branch, walks among concert goers on his first day back at a large event since he worked during last Sunday's mass shooting Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, on the outskirts of Las Vegas. Purves and his colleagues at a private security firm manning the Route 91 Harvest music festival Sunday night in Las Vegas were a force of 200 unarmed first responders who helped people exit amid the panic. Despite the fresh trauma and losing one of their own, many of the company's guards are returning to work events for the first time again this weekend. Gregory Bull AP Photo
Australian police were Tuesday investigating how a 12-year-old boy managed to fly alone to the Indonesian island of Bali and spend four days at a resort using his parents' credit card.
The boy ran away from his Sydney home after a row with his mother, flying first to the Western Australian city of Perth on budget airline Jetstar and then on to Bali, according to commercial broadcaster Channel Nine.
"He just doesn't like the word 'no', and that's what I got, a kid in Indonesia," his mother, Emma, told Channel Nine in a programme that aired late Monday.
"It's too easy, it's way too easy. There's a problem in our system," she said, calling for tighter controls on air travel by young people.
The family had previously visited Bali on holiday and Emma said her son had already tried to book flights there on his own but had been knocked back by airlines because he did not have a letter from her.
"We screamed, we begged for help (from Australian authorities) for weeks on end," Emma added.
"When the first attempt to Indonesia took place, we were told his passport was going to be flagged."
The boy, who "wanted to go on an adventure", said he was told by airline staff this time that he did not need permission from his parents to board the flights.
He spent four days in Bali, where he said he checked into a hotel, hired a scooter and drank beer before a friend alerted his mother to a geotagged video of himself playing in a swimming pool.
The holiday cost his parents Aus$8,000 (US$6,100), according to Channel Nine.
The Australian Federal Police said they were first notified that the boy might try to leave the country on March 8, before being told he might be in Bali on March 17.
The boy was found by Indonesian police the following day.
His parents then flew to Bali to take him home.
The federal police said an alert to prevent international travel had not been placed on the boy, and it did not have the power to cancel or request the cancellation of a passport if there were no suspicions of crimes committed.
"The AFP will work with partner agencies to review the circumstances of this matter and current operating procedures, to ensure this type of incident does not occur again," an AFP spokeswoman said in a statement.
Jetstar told Channel Nine the airline had since changed its procedures to prevent children over 12 from travelling without parental permission.
In general, Australian airlines do not allow children younger than five to travel alone.
Children between five and 11 must be booked on an unaccompanied minor ticket while those from 12-15 are required to have a permission slip from their parent or guardian.
McKayla Maroney is speaking out about the abuse she suffered.
McKayla Maroney is speaking out about the abuse she suffered.
MCKAYLA Maroney recalled being "naked on a bed" while Larry Nassar was laying on top of her and molesting her inside a hotel room in 2011 - an incident the gymnast said she reported to her coach and teammates.
The Olympic gold medallist, who retired from gymnastics in 2016, told US TV network NBC's Dateline she thought she "was going to die" when she was being sexually abused in a Tokyo hotel room in October 2011.
"That was the scariest night," Maroney, 22, said in the interview. "He went, like, overboard that night."
Maroney - who said Nassar abused her "hundreds" of times - recalled initially being in the hotel room with teammates Aly Raisman, Jordyn Wieber, a trainer and Nassar. But they eventually all left, leaving Maroney by herself with the disgraced team doctor.
"(It) was very, very hard for me not to acknowledge the fact that … this was not treatment. I was being abused," the gymnast recalled. "I was bawling, naked on a bed, him on top of me.
"I thought I was going to die. It was escalating."
Maroney said she felt "the dark part" of Nassar take over that night.
"When he was done, I was so happy that I could walk away from that. I felt like I just escaped something," she said.
Aly Raisman (L), Gabby Douglas and McKayla Maroney (R) all accused Larry Nassar of sexual assault.
Maroney said she brought up the incident the next day during a car ride with USA Gymnastics coach John Geddert and other gymnasts and she "said this loud".
Three gymnasts backed Maroney's account to NBC. Aly Raisman, who also won gold at the 2012 Olympics, said her teammate "basically described in graphic detail what Nassar had done to her the night before."
However, Raisman said Geddert "was in the car and just said nothing". This was the moment that hit Maroney hardest.
"That was the moment that I shut it down," Maroney said. "In my head, I was never gonna speak about (Nassar) again. And I was just gonna go along with it."
USA gymnastics denied knowing about the conversation Maroney described. The organisation had said they were unaware about Nassar's abuse until 2015.
Bela and Martha Karolyi, former co-ordinators and coaches for USA Gymnastics, also told the network they didn't know about Nassar's abuse and denied creating an environment for the since-convicted doctor to assault the young gymnasts.
"I feel extremely bad," Martha Karolyi said. "I don't feel responsible, but I feel extremely hurt that these things happened and it happened everywhere but it happened here, also."
Nassar has been sentenced to 40 to 175 years in prison for sex crimes. Maroney was one of more than 140 girls and women, including fellow Olympic gymnasts Raisman, Gabby Douglas and Simone Biles, who have come forward and accused Nassar of abuse.
Maroney said she was speaking out now to let others know there was no action taken even after she told someone about the assault six years ago.
"I'm appalled, I'm disgusted. I'm so upset that this happened for so long when there were so many signs and red flags," she said.
This article originally appeared on Fox News and was republished with permission.
Full of creatives who are experts at their craft, it's an indie craft fair is the Midwest's celebration of the handmade movement. Founded in 2011, The Strawberry Swing has become a Kansas City tradition. Katie Mabry van Dieren, Curator of the Strawberry Swing, gives us a preview of the goodies they will have at the Greater Kansas City Home Show.
ROOSEVELT, N.Y. (AP) - Another person has been arrested in connection with a New York teenager's machete slaying blamed on the MS-13 gang.
Eighteen-year-old Josue Figueroa-Velasquez pleaded not guilty at his arraignment Wednesday on murder charges in the death of 15-year-old Angel Soler, of Long Island.
Angel's remains were found last October in a woodland in Nassau County. Authorities say Angel was attacked by a group of people and was hacked to death with a machete in July.
Figueroa-Velasquez is represented by Legal Aid. Two other people also have been charged in Angel's killing.
Authorities say MS-13 has thousands of members across the U.S. The gang is believed to be behind 25 killings on Long Island during the past two years and has become a target of President Donald Trump.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
BUTLER TOWNSHIP -- A 17 year old from Florida was killed in a crash involving a car full of teenagers in Luzerne County.
Butler Township police tell us Justin Pinzaru, 17, of Florida died in the crash along South Old Turnpike Road on Tuesday.
Pinzaru and a 17-year-old passenger from Hazleton, who suffered severe injuries, were both thrown from the vehicle. Neither was wearing a seatbelt.
Officers say a 16 year old from Drums was behind the wheel. He was not hurt. Another 16 year old, also from Drums, was taken to a hospital to be checked out.
State police are helping with the crash investigation in Luzerne County.
A GoFundMe account has been set up for a memorial fund for Pinzaru.
Adm. Ronny Jackson's nomination to become secretary of veterans affairs appears to be in limbo amid what one key lawmaker tells NPR's Morning Edition are "serious" but "unsubstantiated allegations."
The comments by Sen. Mike Rounds, R-S.D., come a day before Jackson's nomination hearing before the Senate Committee on Veterans Affairs. It was not clear if the hearing would go ahead as scheduled.
The senator declined to comment on the nature of the allegations against Jackson.
"We have been given a brief sketch of what they [the allegations] are, but I'd prefer not to discuss them at this time," Rounds tells NPR.
Rounds said that he and other members of the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee, had received a phone call from Chairman Sen. Johnny Isakson, R-Ga., over the weekend advising them "that he was in consultation with the White House and that he would let us know sometime during the early part of the week what the plans are going forward."
"The chairman is aware of [the allegations]. He's discussed them with the White House," Rounds said. "It's really up to the chairman as to what the next step would be — whether we continue on with the nomination process or if we hold up long enough to allow this to be vetted more fully before we bring it before the committee."
Rounds added: "These are serious allegations and they are ones we'd certainly want to get through."
Jackson currently serves as White House physician. He famously defused doubts about the health and fitness of President Trump in January, describing his medical condition in excessively glowing terms. He is a former combat surgeon who served with Navy bomb disposal units and instructed underwater salvage teams.
Trump picked Jackson to succeed David Shulkin, who was forced to resign as VA secretary after an inspector-general's report uncovered inappropriate expenses.
"Some Republican colleagues have told me that they think the hearing should be postponed, which certainly deserves consideration," Sen. Richard Blumenthal, D-Conn., who is also a member of the Senate Veterans Affairs Committee, told The Associated Press.
"I think there may well be a need for more time, in fairness to Adm. Jackson, so he and the administration have an opportunity to answer these questions fully and fairly," Blumenthal said.
News of the postponement came a day after CIA Director Mike Pompeo, another Trump nominee who appeared in peril, was set on a glide path to approval as secretary of state clearing a key Senate committee.
Comments
You are encouraged to leave relevant comments but engaging in personal attacks, threats, online bullying or commercial spam will not be allowed. All comments should remain within the bounds of fair play and civility. (You can disagree with others courteously, without being disagreeable.) Feel free to express yourself but keep an open mind toward finding value in what others say. To report abuse or spam, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box.
Facebook launches video app for TVs
Facebook announced Tuesday that it is launching an app that will let users stream videos through Apple and Amazon set-top boxes, and Samsung smart TVs. The video app is the latest example of Facebook's push to become a "video-first" company competing in the TV ad market. The app will allow Facebook users to watch videos shared by friends and companies or public figures they follow, as well as showcase live broadcasts and videos recommended by Facebook based on users' interests. Video on Facebook has grown to billions of views recently, as broadcasters and users experiment as they have done with YouTube. Facebook also is in talks with the music industry to gain access to songs and other professional content.
A Catholic Priest from the Archdiocese of Lilongwe identified as Father Chipalamwazani was on Thursday attacked by armed thugs.
The development comes a barely two weeks after another Catholic Priest identified as Father Tony Mukomba who is now late was attacked by armed thugs in Nguludi, Chiradzulu.
According to an eyewitness, Father Chipalamwazani met his fate at around 19:00hrs along bye pass road in the capital Lilongwe.
The source said the armed thugs forced the Priest out of his vehicle while demanding cash.
The armed thugs went with personal documents and damaged the vehicle. The Priest reported the scene to police just after the incident.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan on Saturday described Israel as a "state of occupation" which used "terror" against the Palestinians, as he stepped up his criticism of the US recognition of Jerusalem as its capital."Israel is a state of occupation," Erdoğan said in a speech in Istanbul, referring to Israel's continued occupation of the West Bank and settlement building. "And now they are making use of terror and are bombing young people and children," he said.Retaliatory Israeli air strikes on the Gaza Strip killed two militants from Palestinian Islamist group Hamas before dawn, bringing to four the number killed since Trump announced the move.Erdoğan, who regards himself as a champion of the Palestinian cause and an opponent of any perceived global injustice against Muslims,"Trump seeks to move forwards by saying 'there we go, I did it, it's done!'. I'm sorry but... being strong does not give you such a right. The leaders of major countries have a mission to make peace. Not unleash conflicts."Erdoğan on Saturday continued to play a central role in diplomatic efforts in the crisis, telephoning French President Emmanuel Macron and Lebanese President Michel Aoun, the presidency said.Last year, Turkey and Israel ended a rift triggered by Israel's storming in 2010 of a Gaza-bound ship that left 10 Turkish activists dead and led to a downgrading of diplomatic ties.The two sides have since stepped up cooperation, particularly in energy, butLast week he warned that Turkey's reaction "could go as far as" cutting relations with Israel, but he made no reference to this in his latest speech.
Plenty of people are unhappy with the alignment of the teeth at the front of their mouth.
[GLASGOW, 04/07/2018] – Looking at photos of themselves online, or looking in the mirror at home, they know that their smile would be improved by a straighter set of teeth. Available now in Glasgow at Park Orthodontics, Six Month Smiles is a method of greatly improving a person's appearance by making relatively minor adjustments to their front teeth.
Six Month Smiles at Park Orthodontics: How it Works
Before having Six Month Smiles, the patient must first have a talk with the team at Park Orthodontics. The dentist at Park Orthodontics will assess the oral health of the patient and have a good look at their teeth. If Six Month Smiles is the right way to bring about the changes the patient wants, they'll start wearing the appliance according to a careful treatment plan set out by Park Orthodontics.
Six Month Smiles uses transparent and tooth-coloured materials. This feature vastly reduces the visual impact it makes when the patient opens their mouth. It slowly applies pressure to the teeth over a short period, usually around six months, hence its name. Treatment time with Six Month Smiles at Park Orthodontics is short because it makes minor adjustments to a few teeth, rather than complex changes. The dentist at Park Orthodontics will always tell the patient how long treatment takes, before their time wearing Six Month Smiles begins.
Social Advantages
Six Month Smiles treatment at Park Orthodontics is set up according to meticulous measurements of the patient's teeth. It's a comfortable fit, and its low-key construction means it won't cause the kinds of potential embarrassment associated with other, more visible braces. Once the patient has stopped wearing Six Month Smiles, they'll be given a retainer by the dentist at Park Orthodontics to wear while they sleep. This ensures their newly-repositioned teeth get used to their improved orientations.
Visual Benefits
Straighter teeth make for a more aesthetically pleasant smile. A better feeling about one's self-image can result from an improvement in dental alignment. Teeth also do their jobs more easily when they're brought into more effective positions. Plus, they're easier for the patient to keep clean.
Visit http://www.parkorthodontics.co.uk today.
Another look at the massive hail that fell in Caldwell earlier this evening.
Via: Amber R. of Caldwell. #txwx #hail @NWSHouston pic.twitter.com/NLbgIug7Px — Mack Morris (@KBTXMack) March 19, 2018
If you didn't know what hail can do to a car, now you do!😐 @KBTXShel @KBTXWeather pic.twitter.com/Hh38CT1w6B
— Makenzie (@makenziefmendez) March 19, 2018
Large hail + strong 60mph+ wind = damage to siding & broken windows in Stoneham (Grimes County).
📸: Lacie Herring@NWSHouston pic.twitter.com/hYi5L42HzL
— Shel Winkley (@KBTXShel) March 19, 2018
Caldwell hails from earlier today. Big enough & enough to break out car windows. Fog developed after the fact with the difference between the warm air & the ice covering the ground
📸: Sutton pic.twitter.com/qRACpKbZKA — Shel Winkley (@KBTXShel) March 19, 2018
An aggressive hail storm hit parts of the Brazos Valley Sunday afternoonKBTX received reports and photographs ofCaldwell and northern Walker County were especially hit hard, with many residents seeing larger than baseball sized hail in their yards.The storms that blew through packed a ton of wind, too. Emergency management in northern and northeastern Walker County reported several trees down, some of which had fallen on homes. Wind gusted near 80 mph, but it is unclear if a tornado caused the damage.Viewers in Snook also reported heavy wind from the storm that blew through Sunday afternoon.There have been no immediate reports of injuries from the storms.
DANIEL Ricciardo only has until August to agree to a new deal with Red Bull.
Fresh from the bombshell report that Ricciardo has contractually entered into an exclusive period of negotiating with rivals Ferrari, Red Bull boss Christian Horner has put down a deadline for Ricciardo to re-sign.
Horner has told German magazine Auto Motor Und Sport Ricciardo has until August to sign a new contract - or the team will begin looking for his replacement.
The 28-year-old remains the hottest driver on the F1 market for 2019 with his Chinese Grand Prix victory cementing his status as the sport's most-desired free agent.
The Perth product has insisted he will remain with Red Bull if they are able to prove they can help him win a championship in the next few years.
However, a report on Tuesday (AEDT) claimed Ricciardo has signed an understanding with Ferrari to negotiate a new contract with the Italian team without Ricciardo being able to negotiate with any other team until the end of June.
In response, Horner has been quoted declaring Ricciardo only has until August before the team will give up on him.
"There should be a decision by the summer break at the latest," Horner said of the August break.
Daniel Ricciardo has a tough call to make.
"We do not want to wait forever. We have other good options. Our priority is to continue working with Daniel. If that does not work, we'll pull the other options."
He even said Red Bull would likely first look at Carlos Sainz as Ricciardo's replacement should the Australian choose to make a move to Ferrari. Reigning champions Mercedes are also reportedly interested in Ricciardo.
"The most obvious is Carlos Sainz," Horner said.
"He is under contract with us. And then there are a few young drivers."
It comes after Sky Sports F1 analyst Mark Hughes, writing in Motorsport magazine, wrote the report of Ferrari's link with Ricciardo is correct.
"There are many different types of contractual options, but this one is said to be on both sides up to a defined date (believed to be June 30). Up until that time, neither party can officially negotiate with another," reports Hughes.
"Because the driver is effectively locking himself out of the market for that time, discussions for his post-2018 services are contractually 'owned' by the team (in this case Ferrari).
"As such, he will be paid a fee. Between now and then he and Ferrari can negotiate about a future contract. This is all conventional F1 practice.
"Those privy to such matters at Red Bull are adamant that he has definitely signed something, somewhere but it's not with them and it's not with Mercedes. Logically, therefore, it must be Ferrari."
Will Ricciardo team up with Sebastian Vettel at Ferrari.
Red Bull has said multiple times it wants the Aussie star to stay put, but Ricciardo is yet to give any guarantees, repeatedly saying performance will dictate where he ends up.
If Red Bull can offer him the tools to win a championship he sees no reason to leave. But if - as has happened in previous seasons - the energy drink outfit falls behind Mercedes and Ferrari, the Perth-born driver may seek greener pastures.
Ricciardo said last week he does not want his next contract to tie him down for the next four years due to the uncertainty over the sport's future. Instead, he wants a two-year deal.
"I don't want to sign anything too long because I don't know where the sport's going,"
The Times newspaper quoted him as saying. "I feel like life is happening pretty fast.
"Each year something might change so I don't want to tie myself down for four more years and then I'm like, 'I don't want to do this any more'.
"Ideally I'd sign a two-year contract.
"I think two years I can definitely be comfortable with and then see it from there.
"That third year will be the rule change so I will probably wait and see what happens then."
A federal judge on Friday said he would give Hawaii an opportunity to make its case that it should be allowed to challenge the Trump administration's latest travel ban.
U.S. District Court Judge Derrick Watson said Hawaii would have until Tuesday morning to file a new motion. The government will have until Saturday, Oct. 14, to respond.
The latest travel ban removes Sudan from the list of affected countries and adds Chad and North Korea, along with several officials from the government of Venezuela. It's scheduled to take effect Oct. 18.
"Hawaii fought the first and second travel bans because they were illegal and unconstitutional efforts to implement the president's Muslim ban," Hawaii Attorney General Doug Chin said in a statement. "Unfortunately, the third travel ban is more of the same."
The motion said the new version of travel ban "flouts the immigration laws' express prohibition on nationality discrimination, grossly exceeds the authority Congress delegated to the president, lacks any rational connection to the problems it purports to address and seems to effectuate the president's promise to ban Muslims from the United States."
Chin has been battling President Donald Trump on travel bans since February, after the president sought to bar new visas for people from seven mostly Muslim countries.
The state later amended that lawsuit to add a plaintiff: the imam of a Honolulu mosque. Hawaii has roughly 5,000 Muslims.
When Trump revised the ban, Chin amended the lawsuit to challenge that version.
In March, U.S. District Judge Derrick Watson in Honolulu agreed with Hawaii that the ban amounted to discrimination based on nationality and religion.
A subsequent U.S. Supreme Court ruling allowed the administration to partially reinstate a 90-day ban on visitors from Iran, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen and a 120-day ban on refugees from anywhere in the world.
The court's ruling exempted a large number of refugees and travelers with a "bona fide relationship" with a person or entity in the U.S.
Hawaii successfully challenged the federal government's definition of which family members would be allowed into the country. Watson ordered the government not to enforce the ban on close relatives such as grandparents, grandchildren, uncles and aunts.
An attorney representing Hawaii notified the U.S. Supreme Court on Thursday that the state intends to challenge the third travel ban.
Journalism in Turkey is at “death's door” but there is still hope it can emerge from a comatose state, one of the country s top journalists said after being released from jail.
Kadri Gursel, who has worked as a journalist and columnist for three decades, walked free from prison last month after 330 days behind bars.
Gursel was arrested last year as part of a hugely controversial case against the Cumhuriyet daily that saw a dozen staff arrested on charges of links to terror groups.
Supporters slammed the charges as an absurdity and proof of the narrowing freedom of expression in the country under President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, who has dominated the country as premier and then head of state for one-and-a-half decades.
Gursel told AFP in an interview at his Istanbul house he believed journalism in Turkey was “at death s door” and in a “heartbreaking state” but not entirely finished.
“I have one single objection to those who say journalism is dead in Turkey — it is in a coma. By saying that I mean that it could recover from the coma,” he said.
“There are a lot of journalists in Turkey… It will again be the journalists who will help journalism recover and emerge from this coma.
“Freedoms continue to exist because of those who defend them against those who are out to destroy them.”
(Repeats with no changes to text)
* Seven & i unit to buy 1,108 stores in Texas, other states
* Sunoco to supply about 2.2 bln gallons of fuel to 7-Eleven unit
* Proceeds will be used primarily to repay debt - Sunoco
* Sunoco shares jump as much as 24 pct
By Taiga Uranaka and Vishaka George
April 6 Sunoco LP said on Thursday it would sell 1,110 convenience stores to Japan's Seven & i Holdings Co for $3.3 billion as the Texas-based company shifts its focus to its fuel supply business.
Sunoco's shares jumped as much as 24 percent to $29.50 on Thursday - their biggest intraday percentage rise in three years.
As part of the deal, the U.S. company will also supply about 2.2 billion gallons of fuel annually for 15 years to a unit of the operator of 7-Eleven chain of convenience stores.
Sunoco, a publicly-traded partnership controlled by pipeline operator Energy Transfer Equity, operates about 1,350 retail fuelling sites and convenience stores under brands such as APlus and Stripes, the company's website showed.
The company said it planned to sell another 200 stores by the end of the fourth quarter and expand its distribution business, partly through acquisitions.
Energy Transfer's chief financial officer, Thomas Long, said there are no plans to dissolve the partnership.
Energy Transfer wants Sunoco to remain a standalone business and continue on the M&A front to expand its business, Long said. "That is very much the directive."
Sunoco said it expected to use the proceeds from the sale primarily to repay debt, which was about $4.51 billion as of December.
7-ELEVEN'S U.S. PUSH
Seven & i Holdings has been aggressively expanding in Japan and the United States, where it has been acquiring stores from local retailers.
Its latest purchase comes as operators of traditional big-box retailers, including Seven & i, have been suffering weak sales as changing tastes and modest wage growth prompt shoppers to defect to cheaper speciality chains and online outlets.
"The U.S. convenience store market has growth momentum. We see opportunities there," Seven & i President Ryuichi Isaka said.
Seven & i runs general merchandise, department and speciality stores, but the bulk of its operating profit comes from convenience stores.
The deal would be the biggest by the Japanese company's U.S. unit 7-Eleven Inc.
Seven & i has about 19,400 7-Eleven stores in Japan and 8,700 in the United States and Canada, including those run by franchisees.
7-Eleven Inc, known for its "Slurpee" frozen beverage, has said it aims to increase its number of stores to 10,000 over the three years through 2019.
(Reporting by Taiga Uranaka; Additional reporting by Ritsuko Shimizu, Chris Gallagher and Gary McWilliams; Editing by Christopher Cushing, Martina D'Couto, Saumyadeb Chakrabarty and Anil D'Silva)
Opening statements were read Monday in a murder trial in the northern suburbs. Philip Vatamaniuc is one of three people charged with murdering a man and dumping his body along the Edens Expressway back in 2013.Colin Nutter's parents walked into Lake County Court still seeking justice nearly four years after their 20-year-old son was shot and killed inside his car. Prosecutors say Nutter was killed after meeting with Benjamin Schenk, Michael Coffee and Philip Vatamaniuc in Highwood to sell them marijuana.His body was found dumped by the side of a frontage road in Wilmette by a girl walking a dog. And while all three men were charged with first degree murder, Vatamaniuc's case is the first - and possibly the only one - to come to trial.During opening statements, Assistant State's Attorney Reginald Matthews called the killing "an ambush of extreme cowardice" while pegging the actual shooting on Vatamaniuc - who was 17 at the time.But Vatamaniuc's defense attorney rejects that notion and insists his client's biggest crime was "hanging around with this group."He said Schenk - who pled guilty in exchange for a lighter sentence - has made jailhouse statements that he did the killing, but would place it on Vatamaniuc during trial.First to testify on Monday was Samantha de la Cruz, the now-woman who found Nutter's body the evening of June 3, 2013. More significant was the testimony of Francisco Martinez - a friend of the accused who threw a party at his home in the days before the murder. It was his father's gun, taken without permission,that was used to commit the murder.Schenk - who pleaded guilty - is expected to testify at some point during Vatamaniuc's trial. Despite his plea, he's expected to serve at least a 20-year sentence. Michael Coffee has been declared unfit for trial and is currently being held at a mental health facility for further evaluation.
ADVERTISEMENT
House Democrats went on their annual caucus retreat over the weekend. It's normally a time for strategizing the path to achieve legislative and electoral goals in the coming year. But this time around, that presents a challenge. Thanks to a series of electoral disasters over the past four cycles, Democrats have lost control of the House, the Senate, the White House, and a record number of state legislatures. And so, their weekend agenda looked backward, too, including an "autopsy" of the disastrous 2016 election.
Unlike the Republican autopsy after the 2012 election, the Democrats' report has not yet been made public. It's a safe bet, though, that it doesn't include putting Hillary Clinton back on the ticket and returning to the political establishment that produced disastrous 2016 results for Democrats. And yet, per Politico contributor and George W. Bush administration veteran Matt Latimer, that may be precisely what Democrats get.
Latimer stresses that he has no specific insider information, but that circumstantial evidence allows him to "prove" that Clinton will run for president again. The Clintons have curtailed their Clinton Global Initiative, the vehicle that created the appearance of pay-for-play during Clinton's tenure at the State Department. She has signed a new book deal with Simon & Schuster despite disappointing sales from her second memoir, Hard Choices, and her campaign tome, Stronger Together. She has continued to engage on issues emerging during the new Trump administration, including needling the White House on the unanimous decision at the Ninth Circuit that denied the administration a stay on the injunction against its executive order on immigration.
"Barring some calamity," Latimer concludes, "Clinton is running." Furthermore, Latimer stresses, "Not only will Clinton run again, she has an excellent shot at getting the Democratic Party nomination again."
Does that prove that the woman who came up short in 2008 and 2016 will test whether the third time's the charm? The Washington Post's Chris Cillizza remains unconvinced, mainly because nothing has changed from her first two failed attempts. The same issues that torpedoed her 2008 primary bid and especially her 2016 general-election campaign still exist, and would return in 2020. Besides, as last year proved, Clinton simply doesn't have the political skills to overcome her baggage. "Had she been able to do so," Cillizza points out, "she would have already done it in time for the 2016 race!"
Democrats obviously aren't clamoring for Clinton 2020. But they have a related problem: There are few obvious alternatives.
Thanks to the decimation of their gubernatorial seats and the failure to recapture control of the Senate, the Democratic bench is awfully thin. Bernie Sanders? He'll be 79 on Election Day in 2020. Joe Biden? He'll be just a couple weeks shy of 78. Like it or not, they are both simply too old to win.
Progressives may favor Elizabeth Warren, but that's a tough sell to many moderates. Her Senate colleague Cory Booker made a play for the 2020 spotlight by testifying against Attorney General Jeff Sessions over the latter's supposed hostility to civil rights, but Booker hasn't done much in the Senate since arriving in 2013. Indeed, many critics view him as a cynical political opportunist in the Clinton mold.
Who else is there? The answer ought to worry Democrats: There isn't anyone. And that's why it's not crazy to think that Clinton might indeed be in line for the nomination by default.
That would create a huge problem for Democrats. There is no way they concluded in their autopsy that the best option would be to exhume the body. Donald Trump won the election by connecting with Rust Belt voters. Hillary Clinton almost willfully ignored them. She never set foot in Wisconsin during the general election and almost purposefully neglected Michigan and Pennsylvania while throwing resources into Arizona and Georgia. Her campaign ignored the model perfected by Barack Obama and wound up adopting the same top-down, national messaging model that lost Mitt Romney the election in 2012.
An almost relentless focus on identity politics, especially on Clinton's status as the first woman to get a major-party presidential nomination, fell utterly flat. Clinton only scored slightly better (54/41) among women than Obama in 2012 (55/44), and did worse among men (41/52) than Obama (45/52). As Jim Webb told NBC's Chuck Todd on Meet the Press this weekend, Clinton and Democrats "lost a key part of their base" with this obsession over identity politics.
That turned out to be true across the board. Not only did this campaign messaging fail to lift Clinton to victory despite initial Electoral College advantages, it also failed to deliver the expected return of Senate control to Democrats. Republicans had to defend 13 more seats than Democrats in 2016, and the loss of just five of those seats would have shifted power. Instead, Democrats only flipped two seats, losing in two races where popular retired Senate Democrats vied for their old seats (in Wisconsin and Indiana). Democrats overwhelmingly lost the House again, and continued to lose seats in state legislatures, too.
American voters have made up their minds about Hillary Clinton. They don't want her to be president. So if Democrats want to learn a lesson with their autopsy, here's the first: Bury the dead. That's the only way you can figure out how to rejoin the living.
A group calling itself the Action Movement, and claiming affiliation to the opposition National Democratic Congress (NDC) has added its voice to others urging the party hierarchy to organise an early congress to elect a presidential candidate for the 2020 general election.
The movement explained the suggestion if implemented would help chart a new course and return the party to its core values and principles.
According to the group, an early congress would further help rebuild the NDC and strategise it to win the presidential poll in 2020.
The spokesperson of the movement, Kodzo Hamenya Kaglo noted at a press briefing in Accra yesterday.
He said members of the group were ready to support the person who would emerge as the NDC presidential candidate to win the 2020 elections.
He however cautioned that anyone who wins the presidential ticket should be prepared to respect and work with the grassroots that form the support base of the party.
Mr. Kaglo said the movement was not against any group that worked for the interest of the NDC in the 2016 elections but “we are against the party abandoning its structures and channeling funds to these organs and leaving the party executives empty as in the 2016 elections”.
He commended the leadership of the minority caucus in Parliament for conferring with the Founder and discussing the best path for the party to take.
Hillsborough, Calif., police believe they've captured a kidnapping suspect who's been wanted for more than 20 years.Kevin Lin, 68, is now in custody after being arrested in southern California Friday night, though it was unclear in what city he was captured.Lin is suspected of abducting then 9-year-old Kristine Chiu and holding her for ransom for nine hours in 1995.The State Department was able to match Lin's photo to a wanted picture issued by Hillsborough police back in 1995 when he applied for a passport under his real name.They then notified authorities in the Bay Area and asked if they were still looking for him. Officials confirmed they were, and federal officials placed a hold on him.He is being held on $5 million bail.The kidnappers gave up on their plan after learning the girl's wealthy parents were in Taiwan. She was found unharmed inside a hotel at San Francisco International Airport.One other suspect was caught and found guilty back in 1997.
ROANOKE - Garland Gravely from Fashionista Roanoke is back with ideas on how to refresh your Summer Style. Elevate those standard flip flops and shorts with these updated looks and trends.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
Kate Winslet claims the female attention Idris Elba receives is a "nightmare".
The 42-year-old actress completely understands why women are attracted to her 'Mountain Between Us' co-star, but joked it can be frustrating.
Asked about the way he turns heads, she said: "It's a nightmare. It is actually a nightmare, you need to know that, it's the thing. [Women melt].
"It's his soft brown eyes, his beautiful skin, his pillow lips... The list goes on."
And Idris, 45, admitted her praise had made him nervous.
In a joint interview with 'Extra', he quipped: "I'm sweating, my hands are sweating, I don't know what to say about that."
The two stars got to know each other very well thanks to the extreme and isolated conditions of their new movie, and while they'd been keen to work together for some time, Idris revealed they initially had a very different idea in mind for a joint project.
He said: "We hadn't worked together but we knew each other. We gave an award [at the BAFTAs] together a couple of years ago.
"I remember saying to Kate, 'We should work together, do a comedy.' She was like, 'Yeah, great idea.' Cut to us on a mountain, like [freezing]."
Kate recently admitted it was "really scary" shooting the plane crash survival movie in temperatures of -38 deg C in the Canadian Rockies.
ISLAMABAD: Director General Inter Services Public Relations Major General Asif Ghafoor has rejected the news about meeting between Army Chief General Qamar Javed Bajwa and Chief Minister Punjab Shehbaz Sharif.
In his tweet message, he said that the news about the meeting between COAS and Chief Minister Punjab is baseless and no such meeting has taken place.
Andy Stype is working on his game at North Fork Country Club, preparing this month for the defense of the senior club championship he won last year. He is not stopping there, either. The 69-year-old golfer is aiming two years or more down the road, hoping to extend one of the most uncommon streaks in Long Island golf.
Stype, a realtor in Mattituck, also plays every year against younger opponents in the overall men's championship tournament at the Cutchogue club. If he wins it in 2020 or any of the nine years after that, he will have been the champion in seven consecutive decades.
As it is, he is a tribute to longevity, having first put his name on the huge plaque in the clubhouse in 1969 and done it again in 1972, 1973, 1988, 1990, 1991, 1994, 2006 and 2011. Even though it has been seven years since the most recent one, it still is very much an active streak and Stype is still very much an active golfer.
“The thing is, you don't know you're doing it until somebody brings it up,” he said. “When you start this process, that's not your goal. When I won the first one, I felt I'd like to win a couple more. Then I did win a couple more. I have won nine so far. It is a progression and has developed into a story.”
His story started when his dad, Val Sr., a North Fork member, brought Andy and his brothers Val Jr. and John to the course. All became lifelong good golfers and multi-sport athletes for Mattituck High — their focus having been sharpened by the times Dad toughened them by jingling change his pocket or coughing while they were on their downswings.
Andy became most identified with the North Fork club. “I actually caddied there at the age of 11,” he said, adding that in the 1990s he joined the board of governors, serving as secretary, treasurer then president.
As a golfer, he is a symbol for sticking with it. Stype has not changed his approach from the days when he would caddie in the morning, have a peanut butter and jelly sandwich prepared by his mother, and go out and play into the evening.
“I've never been known as a long-ball hitter. It's always been more about accuracy and a good short game, being a good putter,” he said recently in his office on Main Road, just down the street from the course. “That's how you win tournaments, the short game.”
Subscribe to Sports Now newsletter By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
North Fork head pro Peter Cowan said, “He grew up with it and he keeps his game in shape. When you play a lot, you know your game. He doesn't try to change too much. He's a good putter and he has a good awareness of his game, a good awareness of where he is on the golf course, especially when he's playing in a tournament.”
Business is so good that his summer golf often is limited to nine holes with friends in late afternoons or friendly weekend rounds with his grandson. “As you get near the club championship, you start to step it up a little bit more,” Stype said.
He needs the boost to face the likes of Scott Osler, who has reached the sectional round of U.S. Open qualifying and has won five of the past six North Fork men's titles. Stype intends to keep trying (and eating peanut butter and jelly sandwiches between matches).
“My health is still good and I still have the mind to do it. If I still have the nerve to do it . . . That's always the biggest thing when you get older. There is a certain time to be competitive and a certain time to just enjoy it,” said the man who has done both for decades.
Outings
Long Island Cares, the Harry Chapin Food Bank, will hold an outing at Sebonack Golf Club, Southampton, on Oct. 16. Visit licares.org/sebonack.
Aces
Brogan Mahon, Sebonack GC, fourth hole, 163 yards, 7-iron
Chris Brown, Colonial Springs GC Valley, eighth hole, 192 yards, 6-iron
Kyle Schwartz, Spring Lake GC, 16th hole, 150 yards, 9-iron
Greg DeCastros, Cold Spring CC, third hole, 162 yards, 7-iron
Ron Meoni, Brentwood CC, fifth hole, 129 yards, 9-iron
Karen Bachmann, Woodmere Club, 11th hole, 92 yards, 9-iron
Greg MacArthur, Bethpage Green, 11th hole, 173 yards, 3-hybrid
Ed Forker, Cedarbrook Club, 13th hole, 161 yards, 5-iron
Andrew Dubuque, Meadow Brook Club, ninth hole, 163 yards, 7-iron
Jerry Finkelstein, Indian Island CC, eighth hole, 153 yards, 5-iron
Fred Meyer, Indian Island CC, fifth hole, 127 yards, 8-iron
Chad Kilmer, Heatherwood GC, ninth hole, 145 yards, 9-iron
The September jobs report from the Labor Department comes out today, and hurricanes Harvey and Irma are likely to show up in the numbers in different ways. In Texas and Florida, where the hurricanes did significant damage, employees couldn't get to work, workplaces shut down, job interviews got cancelled. All that could make job-creation numbers look bad. But wages could look good and go up a bit because lower-wage hourly workers usually don't get paid if they don't work, while higher-income salaried workers do. So, barring unforeseen events, the October numbers may give a better picture of how the whole economy's doing.
Click the audio player above to hear the full story.
© Global Look Press
One of the worst in years
Circulating virus strains
Sixteen flu-related deaths were reported Friday by the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in its weekly flu report According to the report, influenza activity is now widespread in 48 states and Puerto Rico, down from 49 states in the previous two weeks. Oregon joined Hawaii in lower activity levels for the week ending January 27."Our latest tracking data indicate that flu activity is still high and widespread across most of the nation and increasing overall," said Dr. Anne Schuchat, the acting CDC director."This is a very difficult season," she said.Caused by viruses, flu is a contagious respiratory illness with mild to severe symptoms that can sometimes lead to death.The CDC also recorded an uptick in the percentage of patients who visited health care providers complaining of influenza-like illness across the nation: 7.1% of patients for the week ending January 27, up from 6.5%, the newly revised estimated from the previous week."We have not hit our peak yet, unfortunately," CDC spokeswoman Kristen Nordlund said. "Really, the bottom line is, there is still likely many more weeks to go."Schuchat said there are hopeful signals within the CDC's latest report."For the second week in a row, there are signs that activity in the West may be easing up," she said. "However, we are by no means out of the woods."This year's flu season is rivaling the worst in recent years, according to Dr. Anthony Fauci, director of the US National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases.Overall, the data showed 17,024 new laboratory-confirmed cases of illness during the week ending January 27, bringing the season total to 126,117. These numbers do not include all the people who have had the flu, as many do not see a doctor when sick.The CDC has received reports of antiviral drug shortages in some places, Schuchat said. "However, the manufacturers say that there's product available. Pharmacists may want to increase supply on their shelves, and patients may have to call more than one pharmacy to fill their prescription."US Food and Drug Administration Commissioner Dr. Scott Gottlieb said in statement Thursday that some antivirals as well as flu tests are in short supply. "However, at this time, there is no nationwide shortage of these products," Gottlieb said.Flu vaccines also have been reported in short supply, but they are still available, Gottlieb said. "I strongly encourage anyone who hasn't had a flu shot to get one and anyone experiences flu-like symptoms to promptly consult with their health care provider about appropriate treatment options."Circulating virus strains included both B strains (Yamagata and Victoria), H1N1 and H3N2, according to the CDC. "It's an H3N2 year," Fauci said.Historically, H3N2 strains have been "bad actors," he said, known to cause more complications, hospitalizations and deaths.This virus strain is also a challenge to this year's flu vaccine. Researchers in Canada reported in a recent study that the vaccine proved only 10% effective against the H3N2 virus, though the flu shot provided more protection against other currently circulating strains."News from Canada is similar to what Australia reported," Schuchat said, adding that the CDC's interim report on preliminary vaccine effectiveness will be published in a couple of weeks. "This is consistent with our concerns."The hospitalization rate for the fourth week of 2018 is about 51 people per 100,000, higher than in the fourth week of the 2014-15 season, which recorded about 43 people hospitalized per 100,000. The 2014-15 flu season was considered "moderately severe" by the CDC and has been used as a comparison to the current season.Dr. Dan Jernigan, director of the influenza division at the National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases, saidThe 2014-15 season had an estimated 710,000 hospitalizations by its end, he said. This season, cumulative hospitalizations rates in California are four times higher than at this time in 2014-15, while rates in Oregon and Minnesota are double those seen in 2014-15. If this trend continues, the 2017-18 season "may well exceed" total hospitalizations during the 2014-15 season, Jernigan said. Follow CNN Health on Facebook and TwitterAbout half of the children who have been hospitalized this season for flu-related causes have no underlying conditions, and Jernigan saidThe CDC has tracked pediatric deaths since 2004, he said, and "since that time, they've ranged from 37 to 171 during regular seasons; the highest was during the 2009 pandemic, when 358 pediatric deaths were reported."The 2017-18 flu season "unquestionably falls into the bucket of a severe year," Fauci said."This year, 2017-18, for a strikingly long part of the season, completely parallels the 2014-15 year," he said. "Except that last week or the week before, 2014-15 started to plateau and turn around -- but 2017-18 continued to go up.," Fauci said of the current flu season. "I hope it does, because if it doesn't, it will be an even worse year than we're thinking."
BALTIMORE (AP) — U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions and the new chief of Homeland Security will use Baltimore as a backdrop to talk about efforts to combat a notorious gang with law enforcement and immigration actions.
Sessions and Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen (KEERST-jen kneel-sen) will speak Tuesday about the Trump administration's efforts to fight the MS-13 gang. They'll join officials at the U.S. attorney's office.
MS-13 members are suspected of committing high-profile slayings in Maryland, Virginia and New York. A hallmark of the gang, which has ties to Central America, is repeated slashes to a victim's body.
The gang has become a prime target of the Trump administration amid its broader crackdown on immigration. Authorities said a national sweep in October netted more than 200 members.
The Department of Natural Resources renewed Pebble's Miscellaneous Land Use Permit for one year, authorizing the partnership to begin geotechnical drilling. On the same day it renewed Pebble's permit, DNR also announced that it will revive the Bristol Bay Advisory Group, a group of regional stakeholders who provide input on land use and management.
The Alaska Department of Natural resources made two announcements last week related to mining in Bristol Bay.
First, the state renewed Pebble Limited Partnership's land use permit for its mineral claims northwest of Iliamna.
For the first time in five years, the state is authorizing new exploration at the deposit. It is also authorizing geotechnical drilling, which Pebble spokesperson, Mike Heatwole, said will be the main focus of the work program this year.
“We are drilling to determine more for our engineering studies, for mine planning, depth to bedrock and the rock and ground characterization for where we would plan to put proposed facilities for our mine plan,” said Heatwole.
The one-year Miscellaneous Land Use Permit will allow Pebble to drill up to 80 boreholes to collect information for development planning and resource modeling. The permit also authorizes reclamation activities.
When DNR granted Pebble's previous land use permit last year, the department received more than 2000 public comments on the application. Many asked for more oversight of Pebble's operations on state mining claims. In response, DNR stipulated that the partnership close 142 boreholes and added a $2 million bonding requirement for site cleanup.
Commissioner Andy Mack said that DNR also ramped up site inspections.
“Last year we went and specifically inspected, I believe the number is more than 250 well sites… What we asked them to do in the permit most of that, a vast majority of that, was completed,” said Mack.
Specifically, DNR said that Pebble has complied in closing the boreholes and conducted some remediation. The state will continue to inspect the site this year. And Pebble will again be required to put up a $2 million bond.
Pebble intends to begin activity at the beginning of May and continue through the end of December.
The second announcement from DNR last week is that it will reestablish the Bristol Bay Advisory Group.
The group was originally formed to provide input on the 1984 Bristol Bay Area Plan. That plan designated primary uses and management guidelines for state lands within Bristol Bay, including management of mineral development in the area. When the plan was revised again in 2005 and 2013, the DNR did not include the group in the decision making process.
Mack called DNR's decision not to incorporate a Bristol Bay Advisory Group in the 2005 and 2013 revisions “a weakness in the current system.”
“We felt, and I believe, that it is really important that people in any district of the state of Alaska, and in particular this district, have a strong voice in the decisions that we make, that they are in connection with their state government and that, when there's land use designations and specific management plans on the table, that those people that are impacted by those decisions can have input,” Mack said.
The DNR's decision to reestablish the BBAG comes as a response to a November letter from five stakeholder organizations, including Bristol Bay Economic Development Corporation, United Tribes of Bristol Bay, Nunamnta Aulukestai, Bristol Bay Native Association, and Bristol Bay Native Corporation. The November letter asked for a reexamination of the Bristol Bay Area Plan and a reinstatement of an regional advisory group.
DNR said that it anticipates the advisory group will review and may recommend changes to the BBAP.
Nunamta Aulukestai, a coalition of Bristol Bay Alaska Native Village Corporations and tribes opposed to the Pebble Mine project, applauded DNR's decision to gather more local input on land use and management. Executive director Myrtice Evalt called the announcement “a very good decision,” saying that her organization will be meeting in the coming weeks to discuss specific areas of land management it hopes the BBAG will address.
In a press release, Governor Bill Walker also praised the DNR both for issuing a state land use permit to Pebble and for taking steps to recreate the BBAG.
“The Department of Natural Resources' issuance of a one-year exploration permit maintains robust oversight of the Pebble Limited Partnership as the company conducts reclamation, monitoring, and exploration activities. The reinstatement of the Bristol Bay Advisory Group gives local residents a powerful tool to guide land and resource management in their region. These actions ensure good stewardship of the land while creating a forum for local voices to be heard loud and clear,” said Walker.
DNR will hold a public meeting in the Bristol Bay region to gather input on the size and scope of the advisory group. Members of the group will be selected through an application process.
Contact the author at avery@kdlg.org or 907-842-5281.
Faith leaders in Canada, including the Canadian Conference of Catholic Bishops, other Christian, Jewish, Muslim, Sikh and Baha'i faith leaders are asking for help to tackle the famines causing death, suffering and displacement in the world today.
They have named four countries that need urgent help. Read more
News category: News Shorts, World.
BRAMPTON, Ont. — Police say four people were sent to hospital with non-life threatening injuries after being stabbed on a bus east of Toronto.
Peel regional police say they have charged a woman with four counts of attempted murder in connection with the stabbings, which took place Tuesday night in Brampton, Ont.
Officers say a 49-year-old Brampton man was taken to a Toronto trauma centre, while three Brampton women aged 28, 19 and 18 respectively were taken to a local hospital. Police say none of the injuries are life-threatening.
Police say Jade Nelson, 20, is being held in custody until a bail hearing scheduled to take place this morning.
Kazakhstan Weightlifting Federation (WFRK) secretary general Aldiyar Nuralinov has claimed there is a lot of support for their decision to challenge the qualifying system for the 2020 Olympic Games in Tokyo at the Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS).
While countries with a clean record can send eight athletes to Tokyo 2020, Kazakhstan can send a maximum of two - one man and one woman - because its athletes have been caught cheating so often.
In the past 10 years, Kazakhstan weightlifters have tested positive 36 times at the Olympic Games, international championships and out of competition.
Ilya Ilyin was the most prominent name among the eight Kazakhs disqualified after the International Olympic Committee (IOC) re-tested samples from Beijing 2008 and London 2012.
They lost five gold medals, two of them won by Ilyin, plus a silver and a bronze, for testing positive retrospectively.
The International Weightlifting Federation (IWF) is confident it can successfully oppose Kazakhstan's appeal, but speaking to insidethegames here during IWF Executive Board meeting, Nuralinov claimed support is strong for the WFRK's move last month.
"I know that internally they're supporting us and I've heard a lot of support," he said.
"I wouldn't mention from whom exactly - I don't want to mention names.
"But a lot of people support our intention because everybody understands that we are struggling not only for the Kazakh lifters.
"We are appealing on the rules which concern the entire sport."
The IWF is holding a series of meetings in Tashkent this week ©IWF
Nuralinov also claimed that the WFRK knows that some Federations would have followed the same course of action, had it not been for time and financial constraints.
"For some, it was probably [too] late because there are certain deadlines when you can file the appeal," he said.
"Maybe some of the Federations face some financial problems and they didn't apply."
Kazakhstan is one of nine nations serving a one-year suspension imposed by the IWF for multiple offences.
There is no nation in the world that as had more positives than Kazakhstan since 2008, the date which the IWF used a start point in assessing its members' doping record for the purposes of awarding quota places for Tokyo 2020.
Several other countries are restricted to reduced places at Tokyo 2020 because they have accrued 20 or more positives in the past 10 years, Russia and Azerbaijan being among them.
"We are not against the rules of the qualification system themselves, we are against the way it's implemented," Nuralinov told insidethegames.
"If the rules are approved, we think that the effectiveness of them can be easily implemented, starting from the approval day, from today.
"But the way it's done over 10 years of history definitely says that it is done with a purpose."
In a recent statement, the IWF claimed that the principle aim of its radical new system was "protecting clean sport" and pointed out that the qualifying process had been approved by the IOC.
Athletes will be tested far more often than in the past, as they must compete at least six times in the 18-month qualifying period that due to start on November 1.
Between Beijing 2008 and London 2012, Ilyin competed only twice at international events.
Maiya Maneza, also disqualified from both Olympic Games, including London 2012, where she had won the gold medal, competed five times in four years.
Ilya Ilyin was the most prominent name among the eight Kazakhs disqualified after the International Olympic Committee re-tested samples from the Beijing 2008 and London 2012 Olympics ©Getty Images
Nuralinov insisted the WFRK has maintained a good working relationship with the IWF, despite their decision to take their appeal to CAS.
"Nobody is saying that us appealing to CAS will destroy the relationship," he said.
"We are still working with each other, but it's our right and the right of our clean athletes to appeal.
"We have the worst history in the past, but now the situation is changing.
"New management of the Federation came - they fully understand the current situation.
"We've implemented a lot of new things in order to help clean sport.
"Since 2016, we haven't had any positive cases at international level, but at the same time, quota reductions don't help us to develop further our clean sport programmes.
"Athletes are just quitting the sport because it's not a secret to any of them that Olympic medals is the pinnacle of the sport."
The IWF Executive Board meeting here in Uzbekistan's capital is taking place today and tomorrow, and is due to be followed by the IWF Congress on Friday (July 6).
Twelve minutes. Four outfit changes. One diva-style exit via helicopter. Who cares who won Super Bowl XXX? Diana Ross' halftime show at the January 1996 game in Tempe, Arizona put the Cowboys and the Steelers to shame. (For the record, Dallas won 27-1.)
To celebrate the 30th anniversary of the Super Bowl, Ross started her show high and ended it even higher. She was lowered to the stage by a crane of sparklers, wearing a red sequin mini dress, beginning with a medley of Supremes 1960s hits: “Stop! In the Name of Love,” “Baby Love,” and “You Can't Hurry Love.” Meanwhile, hundreds of dancers spelled out her name on the field, and then took to the surrounding stage and platforms, leaving barely an inch of field visible.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
During “Chain Reaction,” Ross changed into a sweeping orange-and-purple number, and the entire stadium joined in on the routine, spelling out the word “Love.” She took the show to new heights during her third outfit change, when she belted out “Ain't No Mountain High Enough” while being lifted above her yellow-robed choir on a glittering pedestal.
Getty Images
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Somehow, the icon managed to outdo even all of that. As a chopper was spotted over Sun Devil Stadium, Ross coyly looked up and proclaimed, “Oh my, here comes my ride!” The Chicago Tribune proclaimed the next day that Ross went “up, up and away.” Literally. She waltzed over to the landing pad flanked by her dancers and hopped into the lowered helicopter. With two legs kicked out the open door (she was in a purple jumpsuit at this point) and each hand holding a strap, she was whisked offstage and out of the stadium. All while singing, of course, “I Will Survive.”
Justin Timberlake performs at Super Bowl LII, which happens this Sunday, February 4, 2018, at 6:30 PM EST.
Is Jonathan Anderson gunning to become a household name? He's got a collaboration with Uniqlo this fall, and he dedicated his coveted guest slot at Pitti Uomo to a collection hinged on his simple, personal style — along with the right doses of whimsy and quirk that his brand represents.
Given the show's romantic setting, in the gardens of the La Pietra villa in the hilltops of Florence — scented with lemon trees, and accompanied by a soundtrack of chirping cicadas — the fantasy-prone designer could have gone all out. Instead he went — dare we say it? — a tad commercial, albeit with his childish touches and playfulness intact.
In the run-up to the show, the London-based designer called his spring effort “the first collection that is a reflection of me, as a personal fantasy of what I would actually wear.”
Among the highlights in the denim-heavy collection were baggy jeans with origami folds, cool updates on the classic perfecto jacket, Pop Art-tinged patchwork sweatshirts and great Aran sweaters with nautical motifs that nodded to the designer's Northern Irish roots.
Save for a couple of crafty oversize T-shirts and pants, the collection centered on updated men's wear staples: the biker jacket, bomber, jeans jacket and hoodie, along with the regular-guy T-shirt and cargo short.
Anderson also jumped on the logomania bandwagon, tongue firmly in cheek. His name came splattered all over a youthful lineup that also tipped its cap to America, replete with a Converse collaboration on sneakers. His face peered out from under an Army helmet on a faux vintage Coca-Cola poster adorning one of the collection's boxy T-shirts, his hand clutching a mug of J.W.A. brew.
Irony aside, it served as a powerful branding effort for a designer who — having also flexed his capabilities as the creative head of Loewe since 2014 — seems primed for the big leagues. And smartly so, given the platform Pitti offers.
In today's digital world, where Instagram is king, he also chose the right print motif in hearts: Sweet and innocent at first glance, they're also one of the biggest thumbs-up emojis in the world.
Washington 2 1 0 0—3 Toronto 1 2 0 1—4
First Period_1, Washington, Backstrom 2 (Oshie, Schmidt), 2:43. 2, Washington, Ovechkin 2 (Backstrom, Oshie), 4:49. 3, Toronto, Matthews 1 (Rielly), 14:08. Penalties_Williams, WSH, (holding), 1:33; Rielly, TOR, (unsportsmanlike conduct), 1:33.
Second Period_4, Washington, Kuznetsov 1 (Williams, Johansson), 5:39. 5, Toronto, Kadri 1 (Komarov), 15:13. 6, Toronto, Nylander 1 (Matthews, Hyman), 19:20. Penalties_Martin, TOR, (roughing), 6:52; Wilson, WSH, (roughing), 6:52; Hunwick, TOR, (hooking), 6:52; Martin, TOR, served by Marner, (roughing), 6:52; Toronto bench, served by Nylander (too many men on the ice), 9:48.
Third Period_None. Penalties_Shattenkirk, WSH, (delay of game), 3:34; Beagle, WSH, (interference), 9:54; Wilson, WSH, (roughing), 17:28; Hyman, TOR, (roughing), 17:28; Eller, WSH, (high sticking), 19:44.
Overtime_7, Toronto, Bozak 1 (Rielly, Kadri), -13:-23 (pp). Penalties_None.
Advertisement
Shots on Goal_Washington 7-15-3-1_26. Toronto 10-8-9-1_28.
Power-play opportunities_Washington 0 of 3; Toronto 1 of 3.
Goalies_Washington, Holtby 1-1 (28 shots-24 saves). Toronto, Andersen 1-1 (26-23).
T_2:52.
Referees_Dan O'Halloran, Ian Walsh. Linesmen_Steve Barton, Jonny Murray.
It's been two years since the last Star Wars franchise hit screens and introduced new characters, including a female hero. The latest film in the series, "Star Wars: The Last Jedi," sees her return.Janet Davies sat down with actress Daisy Ridley and writer and director Rian Johnson.Rey the scavenger, played by Ridley, is back for the second time. Ridley explained the difference in how she feels this time around."I am so neurotic this time, because the first time it was all like sensory overload and it's all so quick and now it's 'oh I know what Star Wars really means to people,'" said Ridley.The film is a little bit darker than before."It's the middle chapter, like the second act of a movie, everyone gets challenged and goes through it. And we're going to go to some dark places," said Johnson.The set, however, was far from dark."The set was such a happy place," said Ridley. "Star Wars in general has been such a wonderfully formative... what filming can be."Johnson said he still gets super excited during opening crawl."Every single time it gets me, that fanfare comes up, I have watched rough cuts of these hundreds of times, this is Star Wars, this is incredible," Johnson said.Unexpected weather will never keep Chicago fans from seeing "The Last Jedi" when Star Wars opens on Dec. 15.
A consumer warning has been issued after WA shoppers were dudded by two online tech and gadget stores.
So far this year Consumer Protection has received 31 complaints against Android Enjoyed and 16 against Camera Sky - both operated by the same company - for taking orders and money, but failing to deliver the goods.
Victoria-registered Digital Marketing and Solutions Pty Ltd has already run afoul of the NSW Government which last month issued a public warning after it received 70 complaints against both stores in February and 78 complaints in March.
Commissioner for Consumer Protection David Hillyard recommended consumers steer clear of the stores until they could prove they were reliable suppliers.
“Despite its name, it appears a lot of consumers are not really enjoying their online purchasing experience with Android Enjoyed, and Camera Sky has also attracted multiple grievances over its failure to supply,” Mr Hillyard said.
“NSW Fair Trading has previously issued an enforceable undertaking to the company which improved their behaviour for a short time, but now the complaints are again flooding in.”
Mr Hillyard said the company's business practices were unacceptable and their failure to supply goods within a reasonable time a violation of Australian Consumer Law.
Shoppers who buy items on their credit cards but do not receive the goods can claim a chargeback from their provider.
× ‘Firefall' Optical Illusion Turns Yosemite Waterfall Into ‘Lava'
YOSEMITE VALLEY — It's the time of year for the mesmerizing phenomenon “firefall” to illuminate Horsetail Fall in Yosemite National Park.
The natural effect gives the illusion that bright orange lava is flowing off the cliff at the park in California. This magic trick is a natural occurrence that only happens for a couple of weeks each February and draws hundreds of visitors each night.
The “firefall” comes to life when the angle of the setting sun causes light to hit the waterfall just right; making for some amazing Instagram-worthy photos.
“The waterfall is bigger than it has been in a long time due to all the rain and snow we have received,” said National Park Service spokesman Scott Gediman.
“It has gained popularity the last few years due to social media,” he said. “People come from all over the world to see this.”
Looking to test out your photography skills?
If you want to capture the yearly spectacle, the park's website suggests the best view is from the park's El Capitan picnic area. Make sure you get there early, before the park gets crowded.
“I've seen a few photographers get here at 9 a.m. to claim their spot for the sunset,” Gediman said. “All we ask is you be respectful to the park and make sure what you packed … you pack up and take out.”
He also suggests visitors bring food, water, a change of clothes and tire chains, because of the weather conditions.
Photographer Ray Lee, who made the trek to the park this weekend, faced tough weather to make it there.
“This trip almost didn't happen due to the crazy road conditions at Yosemite,” he posted on Instagram. “For those that plan on going to see this, be careful since there has been so much water that some of the roads are falling apart.”
You can watch daily time-lapse videos or live webcams on the Yosemite Conservancy website.
Need to know the road or weather conditions?
Gediman said the park has that covered with a 24-hour hot line: 209-372-0200.
NASHVILLE — Country star Eric Church struggled to hold back tears in a tribute to the victims of the mass shooting at a country music festival in Las Vegas and debuted a song he wrote in their honour called "Why Not Me."
Church was a headliner at the Route 91 Harvest Festival two days before a gunman opened fire on a crowd of thousands Sunday night.
During his performance Wednesday at the Grand Ole Opry in Nashville, Tennessee, Church declared: "Those were my people. Those were my fans."
The singer pointed out two seats left empty in the Opry house for Sonny Melton, of Paris, Tennessee, who died, and his wife, Heather, who survived. He said no amount of bullets can take away his memories of those fans.
It's no surprise that VW is taking Pikes Peak seriously this year – the German automaker is pushing its new I.D. electric range extensively over the next few years, and this fully electric race car should drum up plenty of interest from fans of the marque. While we've already seen the new I.D. R Pikes Peak racer in its entirety, this new video shows the stunning (and silent) vehicle in motion for the first time on the track.
Though it isn't exactly running at full speed, the short 36-second clip gives us an idea of what to expect when the I.D. R Pikes Peak takes to the track next month. The racer is seen running in almost complete silence around the track portion of the hill climb event. "The Volkswagen I.D. R Pikes Peak is already super spectacular at a standstill, but when moving it goes even further," reads the video description.
Complete with dramatic styling highlighted by a massive rear wing, the I.D. R Pikes Peak packs two powerful electric motors. Total output is a healthy 680 horsepower (500 kilowatts) and 480 pound-feet (650 Newton-meters) of immediate torque. All that power, paired with a 2,425-pound (1,100-kilogram) curb weight, gives it the ability to sprint to 62 miles per hour (100 kilometers per hour) in just 2.25 seconds.
All that power should be enough to get it around the 12.42-mile (19.99-kilometer) track quickly, even at 14,110 feet (4,300) meters above sea level. Behind the wheel of the I.D. R will be defending Pikes Peak champ, Romain Dumas. VW hopes this year it can take home the record for the fastest electric car around the circuit, which currently stands at 8 minutes and 57.118 seconds.
Source: VW
ADVERTISEMENT
The Obama administration is spending its waning days in the White House antagonizing its closest Middle East ally. First, there was the U.S.'s recent decision to forego vetoing a U.N. resolution that disclaims Israel's rights to the territory it won in the 1967 war, including Judaism's holiest site. Then, there was John Kerry's speech denouncing Israel's settlement activity.
It's difficult to read these decisions as anything but an expression of spite.
Syria is on fire. Iraq is on fire. Yemen is on fire. Iran is brazenly flouting its nuclear deal. Russia, a geopolitical antagonist, has emerged as a major power-broker in the region. It is making friends with Turkey, formally a U.S. ally but one that is drifting every day. Sunni Gulf states are, as always under the Obama administration, incandescent. And he wants to pick a fight over Israeli settlements? Really?
The two-state solution is dead. That this may be a deplorable fact does not make it any less of a fact. There is no one to make a state with. Gaza is in the control of Hamas. In the West Bank, the Palestinian leader Abu Mazen (Mahmoud Abbas) and his Fatah party are completely delegitimized and only continue to exist because they are propped up by the West. Yes, Israel has grown weary of the peace process, but not for incomprehensible reasons. In 2001, at the Taba Summit, Israel offered former Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat virtually everything the Palestinians could dream of, and in response got the Second Intifada. In 2005, Israeli general Ariel Sharon withdrew from Gaza, and what Israel got in response were rocket attacks. Anybody who doesn't draw a paycheck from pretending that the two-state solution is alive recognizes that the two-state solution is in fact dead.
While John Kerry's recent temper tantrum is the result of his and Obama's evident frustration with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's character and decisions, the Obama administration's own stance toward settlements has been foolish and reckless. As Elliott Abrams, senior fellow for Middle Eastern studies at the Council on Foreign Relations, ably points out, Obama's decision to make a total settlement freeze a precondition of final status negotiations was unprecedented and self-defeating. "Settlements" include outposts deep into the West Bank, as well as leafy Jerusalem suburbs that would likely be part of Israel in any final settlement. A freeze makes no sense, except if one is just interested in bashing Israel.
What's more, Obama demanded a stop to even so-called "natural growth" in settlements, meaning that, for example, any new birth would have to be "compensated" by a death or someone leaves, a position Israel found simply unacceptable. Not even the Palestinians demanded such a strict precondition to talks; Abbas had to resentfully line up with Obama's position, so Obama managed to alienate even the Palestinians as well as the Israelis with his so-called toughness on Israel, in yet another show of poor statesmanship.
The whole premise of Kerry's recent speech was disconnected from reality. The idea that settlements are the major obstacle to peace between Israel and the Palestinians is a very popular talking point on the left and in European capitals, but it doesn't comport with the facts on the ground. As noted, settlements mostly comprise either calm suburbia that would likely be part of Israel in any final settlement anyway, or outposts that Israel would be glad to jettison in exchange for peace. Since 1978 and the Camp David Accords, whereby Israel gave up on the Sinai Peninsula in exchange for peace with Egypt, Israel has shown it is willing to give up land for a credible peace offer. But the only two players on the Palestinian side are Hamas, which is a foreign terrorist group, and Fatah, which is unpopular and illegitimate. Therefore, there is simply no credible stakeholder with which Israel can make peace.
When we were treated to Obama's navel-gazing self-flattery on his inaction in Syria, I said that the biggest problem with Obama's foreign policy seems to be his relationship with himself. Diplomacy brings out the worst in him. Obama and Netanyahu have long had a rocky relationship. These recent moves from the Obama administration, which have no political or policy logic, seem like a spiteful, flailing, final punch. This isn't just pointless. It's immoral.
By The Associated Press
tx <
$vscores3 <
MIDWEST
Arizona St. 95, Kansas 85<
Cleveland St. 89, Notre Dame (Ohio) 56<
Ohio 89, W. Kentucky 84<
South Dakota 75, E. Washington 73<
Wis.-Stout 84, Finlandia 57<
MORE
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
It's a debate that you may not know exists, but in the world of social media, it has been a hotly debated topic.
So fierce is the debate over the pronunciation of Primark that some customers have even asked in stores across the UK about the proper way to pronounce Primark.
Others have submitted a written question on the ‘help' section of the Primark website.
Much debate has followed the brand over the pronunciation of their name, with customers debating whether it should be called “Pr-eye-mark” or “Pree-mark”.
Finally, Primark have revealed the correct way to say their store name.
In the ‘other stuff' segment of their ‘queries' page, where you can search for FAQs, they answer the question: “How do you pronounce Primark?”
They responded saying: “That's a very good question. We like to use Pr-Eye-Mark.”
Have you been wrong this entire time? How do you say Primark?
Drop shot of the century!?! @AdrianMannarino with some monumental spin! #ibi17 pic.twitter.com/YC6W0lDpWt
It looks even better in super slo-mo...@AdrianMannarino #ibi17 pic.twitter.com/VeOLzmquGn
You are encouraged to leave relevant comments but engaging in personal attacks, threats, online bullying or commercial spam will not be allowed. All comments should remain within the bounds of fair play and civility. (You can disagree with others courteously, without being disagreeable.) Feel free to express yourself but keep an open mind toward finding value in what others say. To report abuse or spam, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box.
Comments
A white African lioness stares blankly at the spectators crowded outside her small, steel-barred cage, her extraordinary coat dotted with numerous spots, the result of a fungal skin disease that has marred her once pristine fur.
The ailment is curable -- or, rather, it should be. But at the Karachi Zoological Garden there are not enough vets to give proper treatment to its more than 850 animals, many held in cages built over a century ago.
"Here we have a mere two veterinaries and three paramedics. They are not at all sufficient," said the zoo's chief, Mansoor Ahmed Qazi.
Management have been pushing the city council to approve a third veterinary position for the zoo's population, including lions, tigers, elephants, chimpanzees, birds and reptiles.
But the council has usually focused more on sewage, roads, and garbage removal in the chaotic port megacity of some 20 million people, which until recently had been rocked by years of political and ethnic violence.
"This is unfortunate, that the zoo is heavily understaffed and thus not able to take good care of the animals," said Humaira Ayesha, an expert from the World Wild Fund for Nature (WWF) in Karachi.
Unfortunately, the problem is not limited to Karachi.
Photo: AFP
Islamabad's zoo has long been criticised for its treatment of its lone elephant, Kaavan, which became the subject of a high-profile rights campaign backed by music icon Cher in 2016 after it emerged the animal was being kept in chains.
And the zoo in northwestern Peshawar, which opened in February, has admitted that 30 animals so far have died while being transferred or in quarantine, including three rare snow leopard cubs.
"Peshawar Zoo is very understaffed, and those we have been untrained," spokesman Naimat Khan told AFP.
There is little legislation in Pakistan to help support animal welfare. The most recent law on the books addressing animal cruelty dates from 1890.
Such little legal recourse "makes it difficult for the country to improve animal welfare standards in its zoos", Ayesha of the WWF said.
'Animals have emotions'
Photo: AFP
At the Karachi Zoological Gardens, shops have encroached on the zoo property, still dotted with centuries-old tamarind, banyan and ficus trees.
"Stones and garbage from the shops are thrown into the animal enclaves. That amounts to cruelty," Faheem Zaman, a former chief of Karachi Metropolitan Corporation, says.
Visitors also throw things into the animals' cages. An official recalled that a spectator once threw a handkerchief knotted with a steel wire towards an ostrich, which gulped it down.
"The long neck of the ostrich was badly damaged and we had to operate," says Abida Raees, a zoologist and deputy chief of the zoo.
At least one young chimpanzee, Raju, has been known to unwrap juice boxes thrown to him by visitors and drink from the plastic straw.
Raees said the zoo appealed to visitors not to feed animals but an AFP reporter could see no such signs on display.
However, efforts are finally being made to revamp the northwest portion of the facility to make it more "humane and animal-friendly", replacing the enclosures with large wet and dry ones that are far closer to the animals' natural habitat.
Photo: AFP
Zain Mustafa, a consultant to the government, and his team surveyed and studied eight zoos in different countries including the United States, Germany, Singapore, and India, drawing from what they saw to plan the renovations in Karachi.
Work appears to be going on in fits and starts, with little chance of being completed by the 2019 deadline, but he hopes the new enclosures when finally complete will provide a more suitable home for the animals.
"The old Victorian concepts of keeping wild animals for exhibition, as a toy, or amusement is over now," said Mustafa.
"Studies tell us that the animals have emotions, they feel loneliness and depression if kept in captivity and an unnatural environment."
A woman in suburban New York has gone on a racist tirade on a bus, attacking “illegal immigrants”. Picture: YouTube
A woman in suburban New York has gone on a racist tirade on a bus, attacking “illegal immigrants”. Picture: YouTube
A NEW YORK woman was caught on camera going on a racist rant - spewing off the N-word at passengers on a local bus.
"I hope you all got your motherf**king papers," the unidentified woman yells to Transport of Rockland passengers on Saturday, according to video that rider Zoe Mac posted on Facebook, the NY Post has reported.
"I'm sick of you motherf**kers! You got papers to be in this country?" she says, standing toward the back of the bus and holding on to a pole.
Mr Mac said he was heading home from work when the belligerent passenger unleashed her tirade on him and others.
"Ignorance at its finest … racism never died and this is what people like me and who can relate go through…," he captioned the video.
In another clip of the verbal assault, the unhinged woman yells, "F**k you and your n****r f**king people!"
A woman unleashes a tirade of racist invective on a suburban New York bus. Picture: YouTube
And in yet a different video, the combative commuter tells someone to "go back to your f** king country."
As the target of her tirade asks her to please stop, she gets up again and says: "First of all, in this country, we have what's called the First Amendment right," before becoming enraged when she notices Mr Mac filming her and proceeds to knock his phone out of his hand.
"Stop! Stop! Do not hit anybody!" the other passengers yell, as a slap can be heard off camera.
Someone else pleads with an unidentified person to "grab your mother, that is your mother, please grab her," before a man can be seen dragging her back to her seat.
"More footage of me being discriminated on, she even did it to the bus driver," Mr Mac wrote in the caption.
Another passenger, Vladimir Philidore, said the woman became unglued for no apparent reason and confirmed that she directed her ire at the bus driver first, before turning on the passengers.
The woman defended her rant under the First Amendment, which protects freedom of speech. Picture: YouTube
"She's just going at the mouth, with the racial slurs. The N-words," Mr Philidore told Westchester's News12.
"Some people were scared, especially the elderly people," he added to PIX11.
The bus driver called the authorities and the local police arrested the woman.
Police, who did not release the woman's name because she was only charged with violations, said they also had to deal with her earlier in the day for the same type of vile conduct, according to the Mount Pleasant Daily Voice.
"Yesterday some unhinged racist went on a mini-rampage of sorts on Transport of Rockland bus as it was passing through Orangetown, creating a disturbance by physically and verbally attacking passengers and the bus driver," wrote Orangetown town Supervisor Chris Day in Facebook post.
When she realised that she was being filmed, the woman got up and slapped the phone out of the passenger's hand. Picture: YouTube
"Her behaviour is forever enshrined on the internet among the great idiots of our time," he added.
"I hope she learns a lesson in appropriate behaviour and tolerance from the experience as she is recognised on the street as 'crazy racist lady from the bus' for the next several years of her life."
This article was first published in the NY Post and is republished with permission.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Police seized a building full of cannabis in a raid in the Forest of Dean this morning.
They obtained a warrant to search a former dog grooming salon after receiving "intelligence" that it was being used as a drugs factory.
The former home of Masie Mo Dog Groomings in Parragate Road, Cinderford, a residential area near the Lidl supermarket and surrounded by houses and bungalows, was the target.
Several officers used an iron bar to break into the rented building, which was also previously used as an RSPCA office, around 11am on Friday.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The windows had been blocked with wadding from the inside but it was immediately apparent that officers had found a cannabis factory.
They came across a tent like structure full of cannabis plants in buckets, hydroponic equipment, fans and lights which had created a cannabis production line running from the rear to the front of the building.
All the windows had been covered in thick insulation material and a large tent like structure filled each of the rooms.
To the rear of the rented, detached single storey building a tiny kitchen was full of the smallest seedlings.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
The middle room was filled with over 30 smaller saplings and the room at the front was contained the larger plants, showing they were moved from one to the other as they grew.
Neighbours were reluctant to talk about the find but joked about the strong smell of cannabis in the residential area.
Police removed the cannabis plants from their pots and bagged them up in plastic bags to be destroyed.
Officers said it was soon to give details about the street value of the drugs.
But according to legal guidelines mature cannabis plant has an average street value of £850, according to legal guidelines.
They also dismantled the hydroponic equipment, fans and lights set up alongside the plants which was estimated to worth at around £10,000.
Running them all would have cost about the same as a week's worth of electricity for the average household.
It is understood the building had been rented from a landlord and nobody has been arrested yet.
Forest police tweeted: "Police acting on information received executed a drugs warrant in Cinderford this morning.
A large quantity of mature and infant plants were seized and equipment dismantled. Enquiries are ongoing.
"Please continue to let us know about any suspicious behaviour you see."
EL DORADO, Kan. (AP) — A man imprisoned for killing three suburban Kansas City women nearly three decades ago has lost his disciplinary appeal.
The Kansas City Star reports that Kansas Department of Corrections officials disciplined Richard Grissom Jr. for passing a sexually explicit note to a female corrections officer. Grissom is imprisoned at the El Dorado Correctional Facility for killing three young women who disappeared in June 1989.The bodies of Joan Butler, Christine Rusch and Theresa Brown have never been found.
The now 56-year-old admitted to writing the note. But he said the officer had asked him to write it — something she denied.
Grissom was sentenced to serve 30 days in segregation and fined $20. On Friday, a three-judge panel of the Kansas Court of Appeals denied Grissom's appeal of the disciplinary action.
Democratic politicians who have received campaign contributions from Harvey Weinstein are being called upon to return the money after the New York Times published an exhaustive story Thursday detailing decades of sexual harassment allegations against the Hollywood super-producer.
The Times reported Thursday that Weinstein — whose films including Pulp Fiction, Shakespeare in Love, and Good Will Hunt have racked up numerous Academy Awards —had reached financial settlements with eight women over sexual harassment allegations, including with actress Rose McGowan.
advertisement
At least three Democrats have already said they will donate money they received from Weinstein to charitable causes.
A representative for Sen. Richard Blumenthal (D-CT) said in an email Friday that Blumenthal would donate his contribution from Weinstein to the Connecticut Alliance to End Sexual Violence. Weinstein contributed $5,400 to Blumenthal in October of last year, according to the Center for Responsive Politics.
Meanwhile, the campaign manager for Sen. Patrick Leahy (D-VT) told CNN that the $5,600 Leahy received from Weinstein in campaign contributions would be donated to the Women's Fund at the Vermont Community Foundation, while a representative for Sen. Martin Heinrich (D-NM) told the outlet his $5,400 contribution would be donated to the non-profit Community Against Violence in New Mexico.
In addition to his hundreds of production credits over a decades-long career in the movie business, Weinstein was a significant contributor to the Democratic National Committee and individual Democratic politicians, including former President Barack Obama and 2016 Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton. In June of last year, Weinstein hosted a $33,000-per-plate fundraiser for Clinton at his New York City home that drew celebrities including Leonardo DiCaprio, Sarah Jessica Parker, and Matthew Broderick.
In a statement Thursday, the Republican National Committee called on Democrats to return what it called the “dirty” money donated by Weinstein; the release noted that according to the Center for Responsive Politics, the movie mogul had contributed at least $769,000 to Democratic politicians and political action organizations, including $246,290 to the Democratic National Committee, and $17,400 to Clinton.
“During three-decades worth of sexual harassment allegations, Harvey Weinstein lined the pockets of Democrats to the tune of three quarters of a million dollars,” RNC chairwoman Ronna Romney-McDaniel said in a statement. “If Democrats and the DNC truly stand up for women like they say they do, then returning this dirty money should be a no brainer.”
According to CRP, Weinstein also donated at least $19,800 to Sen. Al Franken (D-MN) and his political action committee, at least $16,200 to Sen. Charles Schumer (D-NY), at least $11,800 to Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand (D-NY), at least $7,800 to Sen. Cory Booker (D-NJ), and at least $5,000 to Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-MA).
Representatives for Schumer, Franken, Gillibrand, Booker, and Warren did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
In an interview with the New York Post‘s Page Six following the New York Times report, Weinstein said the paper had engaged in “reckless reporting” and had not given him the opportunity to respond to specific allegations made against him. He added that he planned to file a $50 million lawsuit against the paper.
Follow Daniel Nussbaum on Twitter: @dznussbaum
In 1993, Alex Wagner saw a familiar face on the cover of Time magazine: It was a computer-generated picture of a multiethnic woman who reminded her of ... herself.
Wagner's father is white and from the Midwest; her mother is from what was then Burma. And after reading the Time story on "The New Face of America," Wagner, then a teenager, decided to embrace her identity as a "futureface."
"I liken it to sort of thinking you were a pigeon and then finding out you were a toucan," says Wagner, now a journalist. "It was like this thing that no one else had, this 'futureface.' But as I got older, I felt the weightlessness of that. And I wanted to know what grounded me."
Wagner was filled with questions about where she belonged, which family stories were myths and which stories were left untold. Her new book, Futureface, is her attempt to find answers about her ancestry.
"In the initial stages, I sort of started talking to family members, and they would tell me these stories," Wagner says. "And inevitably — we all find this — there were snags in those stories, little kind of asides that didn't make sense. And I pulled them, and that's really what the book is about."
Interview Highlights
On her mother's and grandmother's memories of home
Burma — and let me be clear, it's also known as Myanmar — and the reason a lot of Burmese and Burmese exiles call it Burma: It's a form of political resistance to the ruling military junta.
The stories of Burma were always redolent with the scent of frangipani blossoms, and, you know, these incredibly gauzy memories about life in the aftermath of British colonialism, which weren't ... political stories. But they were stories about this just incredibly romantic way of life. My grandmother would talk about having bananas at teatime and carrying palm fronds when the monsoon rains came, and I accepted all of those stories because they were like poetry. But they weren't grounded in any particular reality, and they didn't answer the fundamental question, which was, "If life in Burma was so good, why did we leave?"
On fact-checking her family's history
As I did the research talking to people in my family — namely my grandmother, who had the greatest wealth of stories — I also started cross-referencing some of the things she was telling me about with historical documents, which is not what we often do in the realm of family histories. And then, of course, I traveled to Burma. I went to the Burmese archives, which was a comedic endeavor if ever there was one. There was nothing, really — not much of an archive.
But what I did discover is that some of these sort of petty bigotries that were made manifest in family stories tied back to a very violent and virulent strain of Burmese nationalism that I had never even considered. ... In many ways, the Burmese upper class like my grandmother turned a blind eye to Indian massacres that happened in Burma ... at the time my family lived there.
On her father's side of the family and the "White Immigrant Origin Story"
The White Immigrant Origin Story is effectively the American origin story, which is that, "We immigrants from Western Europe left the Old World, we started anew, and because of our hard work and divine providence, we made it in America." ...
For the most part, the White Immigrant Origin Story either glosses over huge parts of reality and history — or is just a lie. And in the case of my grandfather, what we knew about him was built on falsehoods. And as I went back to Luxembourg and did intense genealogical detective work to find out who this person was, I realized that he bore no resemblance to the person we thought he was. And that was important because the heroism that is a fundamental part of the White Immigrant Origin Story, I think, can be exclusionary. And what I'm trying to do in this book, I think, is to find a more inclusive narrative when we talk about America.
On finding her own community
I think we do a lot of work in this day and age focusing on the future and on the past. And we hope that somehow, we'll find something in both places. But what I realized through all of this digging through, the place where you can really find yourself is, of course, right here, and that we don't invest enough in the present. When we think of community, we think of some sort of nebulous, faraway group of people rather than the men and the women who touch our daily lives. And I realized that my people basically had been with me all along. ...
And I think as simple as that is, it's changed my worldview. It's changed the way I think of every single day. I began this book really feeling lonely and really plumbing the depths of my existential despair, but I came out of it feeling like I was part of a fabric that was pretty tightly woven.
Sam Gringlas and Melissa Gray produced and edited the audio story. Sydnee Monday adapted it for the Web.
Rome, July 4 - Italy and the United States are bound by an historic friendship, President Sergio Mattarella told President Donald Trump in a July 4 message on Wednesday. "It is my keen wish that the United States and Italy should always find new ways to increase, at all levels, the capital of trust that allows our countries to together promote, with an effective transatlantic approach, international security, economic grwoth and social progress," Mattarella said.
SAN DIEGO, April 8, 2016 -- Warfare Tactics Instructors (WTI), Lt. Solomon Lu, and Lt. Cassie Redner, showcase the WTI patches they received upon graduating from the Navy's first Anti-Submarine/Anti-Surface WTI course -- led by the Naval Surface and Mine Warfighting Development Center (SMWDC), at Naval Base Point Loma.
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 05.01.2015 Date Posted: 02.14.2017 18:42 Photo ID: 3165361 VIRIN: 160508-N-ZZ000-483 Resolution: 1400x1207 Size: 1.36 MB Location: US Web Views: 1 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, WTI by Day, NPS by Night, by PO1 Timothy Wilson, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Losing cheap power is a "national insanity" that would destroy Australia's only manufacturing advantage, former prime minister Tony Abbott says.
He's worried the coalition's national energy guarantee, which is being agreed to with the states, will mean the government "will do things that we would rather not do".
"Let's face it, the only comparable advantage we have ever had in manufacturing is cheap power and we are destroying it and it is an act of national insanity," Mr Abbott told 2GB radio on Wednesday.
The backbencher wants any agreement with the states on energy policy to go through the coalition party room before it becomes law.
"There needs to be a proper internal process if people are going to wholeheartedly support any policy that we take forward," he said.
Mr Abbott raised the issue in the coalition party room on Tuesday, but Energy Minister Josh Frydenberg said the policy going to state governments was the same one that's gone through the party room once already.
The minister said the plan would come back to the party once it was ready to be made law.
The energy minister also said he expected power prices in Queensland to drop soon, while NSW and South Australia will stay relatively flat.
"We're through the worst of it, I think," Mr Frydenberg told the party room.
Federal, state and territory energy ministers are set to hold a phone hook-up in June to discuss the progress of the detailed design of the national energy guarantee.
A final decision on the design is expected in August.
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document.
.videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }
SHANGHAI (AP) — The government of China awarded U.S. President Donald Trump valuable rights to his own name this week, in the form of a 10-year trademark for construction services.
The registration became official on Feb. 14 and was published in a trademark registration announcement on the website of China's Trademark Office on Wednesday.
This may well be the first foreign trademark to be handed to Trump during his presidency, but is unlikely to be the last. In China alone he has 49 pending trademark applications and 77 marks already registered in his own name, most of which will come up for renewal during his term.
Critics say Trump's global intellectual property interests could be used by foreign states as leverage over the president and may violate the emoluments clause of the U.S. Constitution, which bars public servants from accepting anything of value from foreign governments unless explicitly approved by Congress. These concerns are particularly sharp in China, where the courts and bureaucracy reflect the will of the ruling Communist Party.
Advertisement
The registration this week came as a surprise win for Trump after a decade of trying — and failing — to wrest the rights to his name back from a man named Dong Wei. The href='https://apnews.com/c113029cef374b29b22e0d836f41a1ef/With-Trump's-win-in-China,-will-Trump-toilets-get-flushed?'abrupt turn in Trump's bureaucratic fortunes/a once he declared his candidacy has raised questions about the extent to which his political status may be helping his family business.
Any special treatment from China would mean that Trump effectively accepted a present from Beijing, an act that would violate the Constitution, Richard Painter, chief White House ethics lawyer under President George W. Bush, said in an email. “A different conclusion might be reached if Trump had been treated like everyone else seeking a trademark, but the evidence does not point in that direction.”
Alan Garten, chief legal officer of The Trump Organization, said Trump's trademark activity in China predates his election. Trump has turned management of his company over to his children and a team of executives in order to remove himself from his business and its trademark portfolio, he added.
China's State Administration for Industry and Commerce, which oversees the Trademark Office, and the foreign ministry could not be reached for comment Wednesday.
___
Associated Press researcher Fu Ting in Shanghai contributed to this report.
___
Follow Kinetz on Twitter at twitter.com/ekinetz
Former President Bill Clinton crawled out of his hole on Saturday to condemn the Charlottesville violence.Bill Clinton sent out a tweet condemning hatred, bigotry, violence and white supremacy. Far left Antifa and Black Lives Matter thugs have been attacking Trump supporters for over a year and not a peep from Bill Clinton, so his selective outrage Saturday drew a lot of criticism.. As soon as a white man shoots people, or white supremacists protest, the liberals crawl out of their holes with their hand wringing and virtue signaling.Bill Clinton got savaged by Trump supporters on Twitter who pointed out that not only is he silent on violence towards conservatives, but he, along with Hillary are HUGE supporters of the late Dem Senator Robert Byrd who was an Exalted Cyclops in the KKK.Hillary Clinton called Senator Byrd her friend and mentor. Bill Clinton excused Byrd's KKK membership claiming, "he was just a country boy from the hills and hollers of West Virginia trying to get elected". The Clinton's get a pass because, Democrat.
HEY YALL MY DAD HAS A LITTLE PANADERIA/ RESTAURANT. HE MAKES ALL OF THE PAN DULCE HIMSELF. HE Has BEEN THINKING ABOUT CLOSING BUT I CANT LET THAT HAPPEN, SPRED THE WORD 1 RT COULD BRING IN A POTENTIAL CUSTOMER! LA CASA BAKERY AND CAFE 1002 HOGAN STREET 77009!! 😭😭 pic.twitter.com/cc2fEDwuyB — j (@basicjackz) December 6, 2017
Update: told my dad about all the support he's been getting. He got excited so we're stocking up!! 😩🤧@restaurantdepot pic.twitter.com/81N4LgldNX — j (@basicjackz) December 7, 2017
The power of social media is drumming up lots of work for a long time bakery owner. His daughter was worried about her father's business so she went online asking for people to stop by the bakery.La Casa Bakery and Cafe didn't flood from Harvey, but it cut back on customers. Owner Trinidad Garza was about to sell it, ending the dream of having his own business.Two days ago, Jackie Garza posted a video of her father preparing pan dulce from scratch, and an appeal."My dad has a little panaderia," she wrote. "He's been thinking about closing but I can't let that happen. Spread the word. One retweet could bring in a potential customer."Trinidad Garza is in his early 70s and he's been baking since he was 12 years old. He immigrated to the US decades ago, and worked for years in the refrigeration industry. Baking remained his passion, and for years, he dreamed of having his own neighborhood cafe. He opened one with his brothers, but with a growing family, he sold that restaurant. Two years ago, he opened La Casa Bakery and Cafe on Hogan Street, just north of downtown."He told my mom he was thinking about selling, and he even had an offer," said Jackie. "I begged him not to sell, to wait for me to get through college and then make me a part owner."Garza prides himself in making all his baked goods from scratch."I know all the hard work my parents put into this. They work from early in the morning until late at night, even though we close at 5 p.m," Jackie said. "The quality of the food and the authenticity of it is amazing."What broke her heart is when her father had to throw out the bread and cookies he spent hours preparing, because there weren't enough customers to buy them.Jackie is an 18-year-old senior at Heights High School, who plans to major in business and restaurant management in college. Social media is second nature to her, and she decided to see if she could save her restaurant through Twitter. The one retweet she requested became 60,000 in less than 48 hours and it continues to grow, and by this afternoon, she said the post had four million impressions."I've had messages from Japan, Australia and Europe," she said.La Casa also got new customers, with what Garza said were packed mornings this weekend."I didn't know anything about Twitter," said Mr. Garza. "I'm very surprised."He's also very proud of his daughter, and he thinks she's more than capable of taking over the family business one day. She already works at the cafe on weekends, along with her three brothers and her mother."I'm now in charge of all the social accounts, and I've set up a Twitter account for La Casa , we're on Yelp now, and I'm working on a web page," she added.
The New York Jets announced the signing of free-agent quarterback Teddy Bridgewater on Sunday, and ESPN's Dan Graziano provided some details of the deal on Monday.
Bridgewater signed a one-year contract, according to the report, and only $500,000 of it is guaranteed.
He gets a $5 million non-guaranteed salary and $500,000 workout bonuses. Incentives for playing time and various statistical achievements could bring his salary for 2018 to $9 million.
The Jets recently traded up to acquire the No. 3 pick in the upcoming NFL Draft and are expected to take a quarterback.
The Jets also signed veteran quarterback Josh McCown to a one-year, $10 million contract.
That situation and the details of Bridgewater's contract suggest the Jets could conceivably release Bridgewater before next season begins.
Bridgewater, 25, played in one game for the Minnesota Vikings in 2017, a Dec. 17 game against the Cincinnati Bengals. He attempted two passes, both of which were incomplete.
Bridgewater was a Pro Bowl selection in 2015, when he started all 17 games for the Vikings and led them to an 11-5 regular-season record before they lost in the first round of the playoffs.
However, a torn ACL and dislocated knee suffered in the preseason sidelined him for the entire 2016 season and the start of the 2017 season. He was cleared to practice on Oct. 16, 2017, but never regained his starting job after Case Keenum took over for the injured Sam Bradford.
McCown turns 39 in July but is coming off one of his most productive seasons. He completed 67.3 percent of his passes in 2017, when he threw a career-high 18 touchdown passes with nine interceptions in 13 games before his season ended due to a broken left hand. He has started 73 games in his NFL career.
The Jets on Saturday moved up three spots in this year's draft to No. 3 and sent the No. 6 pick, two second-round selections in this draft (No's. 37 and 49) and a second-round pick in 2019 to the Indianapolis Colts.
While the G650GS and K1300S may not necessarily be considered suddenly obsolete, it appears they no longer fit the BMW Motorrad business plan. The 650 has effectively been replaced by the F700GS, and the growing popularity of small-bore sporties from other manufacturers and BMW's own 310GS means there's little call for the stalwart single of old.
The K1300S meanwhile, once the sportiest of BMW's inline fours, has also been eclipsed by more powerful fours from Japan, and by the even sportier BMW S1000RR. The Bavarians were among the first to bring features like ABS and electrically adjustable suspension to the sportbike menu, but it didn't take the competition long to respond.
So BMW isn't necessary thinning the herd, but rather responding to changing market trends, more focused competition and economic realities.
EMBED >More News Videos Blind man found living in deplorable conditions. Katherine Scott reports during Action News Mornings on April 24, 2018.
EMBED >More News Videos Blind man found in deplorable conditions. Katherine Scott reports during Action News Mornings on April 24, 2018.
A caretaker has been taken in for questioning after police found his blind brother living in deplorable conditions in a trailer in Philadelphia's Frankford section.Police were called to the 4700-block of James Street around 8 p.m. Monday.Arriving officers discovered the 66-year-old man in the back of a trailer behind the property.Authorities say the inside of the trailer was filled with dirt, bugs, and feces.The stench emanating from the trailer was apparently so bad that at least one responding officer felt sick and had to go back outside."I can't even open my windows, that's how bad the smell is," said Dottie Robinson, a neighbor.Another neighbor told Action News the 74-year-old caretaker, identified as Richard Morten, would leave during the day, sometimes telling others to feed his brother while he was away."He had me feeding his brother daily. I would go in there until finally I couldn't take it anymore. The smell was bad. I couldn't even go back anymore," the neighbor said.He said he wouldn't want anyone to go inside."I don't want to take you in and show you because it'll haunt you," the neighbor said.The 66-year-old man was taken to the hospital in stable condition.Richard Morten was taken into custody. Formal charges have yet to be filed as authorities work to determine possible motive."Possibly, it could be related to his being afforded the social security or other type of government payments, maybe that's a motive, but we're still looking into it," Philadelphia Police Captain Sekou Kinebrew said.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — A powerful flare-up on the western edge of Southern California's largest and most destructive wildfire sent residents fleeing Sunday, as wind-fanned flames churned through old-growth brush in canyons and along hillsides toward coastal towns.
Crews with help from a fleet water-dropping planes and helicopters saved homes as unpredictable gusts sent the blaze deeper into residential foothill areas northwest of Los Angeles that haven't burned in decades. New evacuations were ordered as the fire sent up an enormous plume near Montecito and Carpinteria, seaside areas in Santa Barbara County that had been under fire threat for days and were now choked with smoke.
“The winds are kind of squirrely right now,” said county fire spokesman Mike Eliason. “Some places the smoke is going straight up in the air, and others it's blowing sideways. Depends on what canyon we're in.”
The department posted a photo of one residence engulfed in flames. It's unclear whether other structures burned. Thousands of homes and businesses in the county were without power.
The air thick with acrid smoke, even residents of areas not under evacuation orders took the opportunity to leave, fearing another shutdown of U.S. 101, a key coastal highway that was closed intermittently last week. Officials handed out masks to residents who stayed behind in Montecito, the wealthy hillside enclave that's home to celebrities such as Oprah Winfrey, Jeff Bridges and Rob Lowe.
“Our house is under threat of being burned,” Ellen DeGeneres tweeted at midday Sunday. “We just had to evacuate our pets. I'm praying for everyone in our community and thankful to all the incredible firefighters.”
A few miles to the west, Santa Barbara Zoo was closed to the public and its 500 animals confined to their night quarters all day. The zoo was just outside the evacuation area, but smoke and ash blew through the 30-acre property.
Firefighters made significant progress Saturday on other fronts of the enormous fire that started Dec. 4 in neighboring Ventura County. As containment increased on other major blazes in Los Angeles, Riverside and San Diego counties, resources from those fires were diverted to the Santa Barbara foothills.
Forecasters said Santa Ana winds that whipped fires across the region last week would continue in some areas at least through Monday.
A lack of rain has officials on edge statewide because of parched conditions and no end in sight to the typical fire season.
“This is the new normal,” Gov. Jerry Brown warned Saturday after surveying damage from the deadly Ventura fire. “We're about ready to have firefighting at Christmas. This is very odd and unusual.”
High fire risk is expected to last into January and the governor and experts said climate change is making it a year-round threat.
Overall, the fires have destroyed about 800 homes and other buildings, killed dozens of horses and forced more than 200,000 people to flee flames that have burned over 270 square miles (700 square kilometers) since Dec. 4. One death, so far, a 70-year-old woman who crashed her car on an evacuation route, is attributed to the fire in Santa Paula, a small city where the fire began.
The Ventura County blaze also continued to burn into rugged mountains in the Los Padres National Forest near the little town of Ojai and toward a preserve established for endangered California condors.
Ojai experienced hazardous levels of smoke at times and officials warned of unhealthy air for large swaths of the region. The South Coast Air Quality Management District urged residents to stay indoors if possible and avoid vigorous outdoor activities.
As fires burned in Ventura and Los Angeles counties, firefighters were already in place north of San Diego on Thursday when a major fire erupted and rapidly spread in the Fallbrook area, known for its avocado groves and horse stables in the rolling hills.
The fire swept through the San Luis Rey Training Facility, where it killed more than 40 elite thoroughbreds and destroyed more than 100 homes — most of them in a retirement community. Three people were burned trying to escape the fire that continued to smolder Sunday.
Most of last week's fires were in places that burned in the past, including one in the ritzy Los Angeles neighborhood of Bel-Air that burned six homes and another in the city's rugged foothills above the community of Sylmar and in Santa Paula.
___
Associated Press writers Elliot Spagat in Fallbrook and Brian Melley and Robert Jablon in Los Angeles contributed to this report.
___
Follow Weber at https://twitter.com/WeberCM .
___
For complete coverage of the California wildfires, click here: https://apnews.com/tag/Wildfires.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Robert Snodgrass gave Hull City a half-time lead but three second-half goals for West Brom meant a comfortable home win.
0 SHARES Share Tweet
CAPE TOWN: A water crisis is deepening in South Africa's drought-stricken southwest.
It has dried up dams and led to water restrictions for residents and industry.
Now the clock is ticking to “Day Zero” – the day the taps will run dry in Cape Town. That is expected in mid-April.
“There was quite a lot of frustration in the city of Cape Town that people weren't responding as strongly as they were hoping, so the communication coming out of the city of Cape Town began to get stricter and stricter, pushing people to fewer than 50 litres of water a day, ” said climatologist Simon Gear.
“But the truth of the matter is that if you want people to change behaviour you often have to hit them in the pocket. And so it is the very high tariffs around water that are probably going to drive more change than anything else.”
As locals struggle to cope with Cape Town's worst drought in a century, the city's tourism industry could also take a hit.
Around 10 million tourists visited Cape Town last year, drawn by iconic sights like Table Mountain, its long sandy beaches, and a clutch of nearby wine farms.
But now hotels have asked guests not to use baths and to limit showers to two minutes or less, while some restaurants are switching to disposable cups and ditching table linen.
Though visitors are sympathetic to Cape Town's plight, there are fears that people may stay away due to the inconvenience of water restrictions or because they don't want to add to demand.
In a bid to limit the economic damage, which could spell jobs losses in a country with 25 per cent unemployment, SA Tourism, a government agency, will soon embark on a global roadshow to reassure potential visitors.
“We are a tough country, a resilient country and I am quite confident we will find our way around this,” said Sisa Ntshona, SA Tourism's chief executive.
I've been writing about technology, careers, science and health since 1995. I rose to the lofty heights of Executive Editor for eWEEK, popped out with the 2008 crash, joined the freelancer economy, and am still writing for my beloved peeps at places like Sophos's Naked Security, CIO Mag, ComputerWorld, PC Mag, IT Expert Voice, Software Quality Connection, Time, and the US and British editions of HP's Input/Output. I respond to cash and spicy sites, so don't be shy.
LOS ANGELES — Weezer has released a cover of Toto's "Africa" after a teenage fan pressed the group for months on social media to record the song.
The teen, known as @weezerafrica, jokingly started lobbying the 1990s band on Twitter in December. The campaign gained followers.
Weezer released a cover of Toto's "Rosanna" on May 24. But the teen was not satisfied. The group rolled out "Africa" on Tuesday.
Neither the representative for Weezer nor the teen immediately responded to a request for comment.
FILE PHOTO: School children release balloons during a ceremony commemorating the victims of the 2004 Beslan hostage crisis in the southern Russian town of Beslan, September 3, 2015. REUTERS/Kazbek Basayev
FILE PHOTO: People mourn inside School Number One during a ceremony commemorating the victims of the 2004 hostage crisis in the southern Russian town of Beslan, September 1, 2014. REUTERS/Kazbek Basayev
MOSCOW The Kremlin said on Thursday it could not agree with a ruling by the European Court of Human Rights that Moscow failed to take steps that could have averted a hostage siege in the Russian town of Beslan in which more than 330 people were killed.
Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov, speaking on a conference call with reporters, said the court's criticism of Russia was unacceptable, given that the country had been the victim of terrorist attacks.
(Reporting by Christian Lowe; Editing by Alexander Winning)
Monday, December 11, 2017
LUXOR, EGYPT—Ahram Online reports that two tombs dating to the New Kingdom period have been opened in the Draa Abul-Naglaa necropolis. The tombs were discovered in the 1990s by German archaeologist Frederica Kampp. One of the tombs contained fragments of wooden masks, including one that had been part of a coffin, and one that had been gilded. Four wooden chair legs, and the lower part of a coffin decorated with a scene of the goddess Isis were also found. The second tomb contained a mummy. It may have belonged to Djehuty Mes, whose name is inscribed at the entrance to a long hall, where the cartouche of King Thutmose I is inscribed on the ceiling. The names of a scribe, Maati, and his wife, Mehi, were also found on half of the 100 funerary cones in the tomb. A scene of a seated man offering food to four oxen, and five people making funerary furniture, adorns a pillar in the tomb, which also contained painted wooden masks, more than 400 statues made of clay, wood, and faience, and a small box shaped like a coffin that may have been used to store an Ushabti figurine. To read more about archaeology in Egypt, go to “In the Time of the Rosetta Stone.”
170210-N-RM689-333
PACIFIC OCEAN (Feb. 10, 2017) Sailors participate in a simulated fire during a damage control drill aboard Arleigh Burke-class guided-missile destroyer USS Wayne E. Meyer (DDG 108). Wayne E. Meyer is on a regularly scheduled Western Pacific deployment with the Carl Vinson Carrier Strike Group as part of the U.S. Pacific Fleet-led initiative to extend the command and control functions of U.S. 3rd Fleet into the Indo-Asia-Pacific region. U.S. Navy aircraft carrier strike groups have patrolled the Indo-Asia-Pacific regularly and routinely for more than 70 years. (U.S. Navy photo by Mass Communication Specialist 3rd Class Kelsey L. Adams/Released)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.09.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 00:53 Photo ID: 3166339 VIRIN: 170210-N-RM689-333 Resolution: 5568x3712 Size: 1014.05 KB Location: PACIFIC OCEAN Web Views: 0 Downloads: 2 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Damage Control Training Team Drill aboard USS Wayne E. Meyer (DDG 108) [Image 1 of 259], is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
PERU'S star player explains why he shouldn't be banned after failing a doping test, and Australia's compared to England by a Peruvian great.
It's all in World Cup Scout!
GUERRERO ON BAN: I'M SURE THIS IS GOING TO CLEAR UP
Peru captain and star player Paulo Guerrero said he's been wrongly banned for one year after failing a doping test and still hopes he will represent his country in Russia.
The Socceroos' World Cup opponent tested positive for cocaine metabolite benzoylecgonine, a banned stimulant, following Peru's World Cup qualifier against Argentina in Buenos Aires in October.
Guerrero was provisionally suspended before FIFA said in a statement its Disciplinary Committee had found that the 33-year-old had violated article six of the organisation's Anti-Doping Regulations.
However, an “angry” Guerrero said he never used cocaine and believes he tested positive after drinking “contaminated” tea.
“In Peru coca tea is very common, and at the hotel, glasses and tea (coca) are at hand. Anyone who sees a freshly washed glass is served and you have a contaminated glass,” he told O Globo.
Guerrero added in an interview with Fantastico : “I'm very angry, I cannot believe in the injustice I'm going through, I've had a lot of moral damage, but not because of me, but because of my parents, I've had a lot of professional damage and I'm outraged that FIFA is manifesting itself in that way. If I have exceeded the codes, they could not have suspended me so quickly, and I think they are being very unfair.”
“I'm innocent, I did not use any kind of cocaine, I'm not going to be crazy about taking coca tea because I know it's going to hurt me. I had black tea with lemon in Argentina because I had the flu.”
The Peruvian FA is set to appeal Guerrero's sanction, and the Flamengo forward is confident that the controversy will be cleared up so he can to play for Peru in Russia.
He said: “I'm sure this is going to clear up, my lawyers and I have shown it, I do not know what they think about Flamengo, but I hope next year to be playing normally.”
Guerrero's lawyer, Pedro Fida, told Peru's RPP Noticias that the sanction is “absurd”.
“The evidence is clear, and when added to the low concentration of the substance typical of coca leaves there can be no justification under any circumstances for this decision,” Fida said.
Camera Icon Guerrero. Picture: Getty Images
Peru's football federation said in a statement that it regrets FIFA's decision and trusts “Paolo's personal and professional quality.”
“We were visited by Paolo's family and spoke to him with the certainty that football and Peruvians united can overcome adversity,” the federation said, adding that it believes Guerrero's suspension will be overturned on appeal.
If the appeal to FIFA fails, then Guerrero can appeal to the Court of Arbitration for Sport, whose estimated time for responses is reportedly about eight months or more - meaning the World Cup would already be over.
PERU GREAT COMPARES AUSTRALIA TO ENGLAND
Peru has never faced Australia before, but the country's assistant and ex-player, Nobby Solano, believes the Socceroos have a similar style to England.
“We must be prepared very well in the physical part because these European teams have a lot of dynamics and to that they add their quality,” said Solano, whose played for Newcastle United, Aston Villa, West Ham United, Hull City, Leicester City.
“Peru should not go to Russia with fear. Working the physical part will be fundamental to face European teams like France and Denmark, as well as Australia itself, which has a football very similar to English.
Camera Icon Mile Jedinak of Australia celebrates scoring a goal. Picture: Getty Images
“Our rivals, in general, have a lot of dynamics, they are fast and very hard for physical contact. On our side, we must play the game that took us to the World Cup and that characterises the Peruvian soccer player.”
However, Peru coach Ricardo Gareca thinks Australia has displayed more similar characteristics to New Zealand.
He said: “It's possible France and Peru are on a higher level, but everyone is going to be hard to beat. We've just played New Zealand and we think Australia will be similar to them.”
INJURED NEUER VOWS TO BE FIT FOR WORLD CUP
Captain Manuel Neuer insisted he will be fit for Germany's World Cup title defence next year despite lingering doubts over his fractured foot.
The goalkeeper broke his left foot for the third time this year in September and does not expect to return to training with Bayern Munich until January.
“I have considered making a T-Shirt with ‘I'm doing well' on the front so that people don't always have to keep asking,” he joked in an interview with German daily Bild.
“Of course, it's a stupid situation when a sportsman is injured. “I want to play again, but I need to take this break to make sure everything is OK.” He admitted he is still wearing a protective boot and using crutches, but said his recovery is on plan and that he will be back in goal for Germany's opening World Cup match against Mexico in Moscow on June 17.
“I am absolutely sure I will be in goal for the World Cup and in my opinion, there is nothing to prevent my participation,” he claimed.
Camera Icon Bayern goalkeeper Manuel Neuer. Picture: AP
He first fractured his left foot in March and had to undergo surgery, before hurting the foot again in April's Champions League defeat by Real Madrid, which led to a four-month absence.
“It all depends on the X-rays, if they are good and there are no problems, and I get the all-clear from doctors, then I'll start training again,” he said.
“I can't give an exact date and another injury to the foot would be far from perfect for me, so therefore I need to be cautious and I don't want to make a mistake again.
“It has been said I will be back in team training in January and I will definitely be able to start doing something then.” In his absence, Barcelona goalkeeper Marc-Andre ter Stegen played for Germany when they won the Confederations Cup in Russia last July, while Neuer's Bayern understudy Sven Ulreich pulled out of Saturday's 1-0 win at Eintracht Frankfurt with a groin injury.
The 36-year-old Tom Starke, Bayern's third-choice keeper, played in Frankfurt and could be needed again for Wednesday's home game against bottom side Cologne.
A Star-Telegram election database
2018 primary runoff candidate database
Searchable database of Tarrant County primary runoff election candidates
Opposition to a proposed winter club at 340 Peaceable Street — the former Peaceable Farm location near the Ridgefield-New York border — remains steady despite the fact a formal application has yet to be submitted to town planners.
Applicant Bud Brown and his attorney, Bob Jewell, met with town officials during a pre-application concept discussion Thursday, June 8.
Four days later, an online petition was started.
“We do not want the Ridgefield Winter Club built on 340 Peaceable Street in Ridgefield, CT. This land is zoned residential and should stay that way,” reads the petition. “Private clubs do not belong in residential areas.”
The digital document had garnered 233 signatures as of Press time Wednesday, and had dozens of comments from upset residents.
“Peaceable is a very quiet neighborhood. Surrounding by beautiful nature. We have wetlands with all sort of animals, birds and amphibians. We need to protect it,” wrote Mimi Matra.
“Aside from the questionable business plan, this special permit sets a precedent for this property that is very difficult to undo,” added Rob Kinnaird. “In its previous incarnation, the greenhouse had a very difficult time drawing customers from the area. That's why the business no longer exists.
“Does the concept of yet another bar-restaurant with sports amenities make sense?” he asked. “Look at Main Street Ridgefield. Juice bars, restaurants, yogurt places come and go annually. Just as Peaceable Farms was surrounded and done in by local competition, any food and sports enterprise will suffer the same fate. The difference with this proposal seems to be: y'gotta be rich to join.” When it tanks, it seems to me any good land use lawyer can get something else.
Brown, a Ridgefield resident, is proposing a winter club for 275 families, parking for 102 cars, an outdoor ice rink and a clubhouse with a restaurant and bar on the former Pinchbeck property. He is the founder of Nanook Hockey, a development program for young hockey players in Fairfield County.
The Planning and Zoning Commission hosted two additional pre-submission meetings for the application earlier this spring, with neighbors showing up with pins that read “Say No to Skate Club.”
“An establishment of this size and nature are not acceptable in the center of a residential neighborhood,” resident Cheryl Crowl wrote in the petition Tuesday.
Rome, July 4 - Interior Minister and Deputy Premier Matteo Salvini on Wednesday blasted INPS chief Tito Boeri for saying Italy needed more legal immigration for the sustainability of its pension system. "(Boeri says that) more migrants are needed to pay the pensions, that scrapping the Fornero (pension reform) would cost too much, that more migrants are needed to do the many jobs that Italian people no longer want to do," said Salvini, who is also deputy premier and leader of the rightwing League party. "The INPS president continues to practise politics, ignoring the desire to work (and have children) of many Italians. "Where does he live, on Mars?".
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Expanding charter schools around the country is losing support among Americans, even as President Donald Trump and his administration continue to push for school choice, according to a survey released Tuesday.
Trump campaigned on a promise to dramatically improve school choice — charter schools and private school voucher programs — and his Education Secretary Betsy DeVos has made it a priority. But so far the message does not appear to have hit home with the public.
About 39 percent of respondents favor opening more charters — schools that are funded by public money, but usually operated independently of school districts — according to the survey by Education Next, a journal published by Harvard's Kennedy School and Stanford University. That's down from 51 percent last year.
Supporters of charter schools had feared that Trump's polarizing rhetoric could hurt the school-choice movement.
But the authors of the report say the decline in support for charters can't be linked directly to Trump. They say support for charters slipped almost equally across party lines: by 11 percent among Democrats and by 13 percent among Republicans.
They also emphasize that private school vouchers and voucher-type programs, championed by Trump, have seen stable support and declining opposition. Finally, when respondents were told that Trump was advocating for charter schools, overall support increased by 6 percentage points.
“We can't say definitively what is responsible for the decline,” said Martin West, associate professor of education at Harvard University and a co-author of the report. West speculated that the drop may have been caused by continued opposition from teachers unions and many Democrats plus debates over charters' effectiveness.
“These developments may have led to a souring of the charter brand,” West said.
Meanwhile, opposition to publicly funded vouchers that help parents pay private school tuition dropped from 44 percent last year to 37 percent; 45 percent of respondents currently favor the idea. When it comes to tax credit-funded scholarships, resistance fell from 29 percent to 24 percent, while support was at 54 percent now.
Proponents of charter schools are not discouraged. Nina Rees, president of the National Alliance for Public Charter Schools, says the drop in popularity was due to “expensive, sustained, and coordinated campaigns to discredit charter schools, led by teachers' unions and special interests that feel threatened by families having a choice in public school.”
Rees said that more than 300 public charter schools opened last year, with a total over 6,900 charter schools serving over 3 million students across the country.
“The opinions about charter schools that matter most are the opinions of parents and students who have chosen charter schools,” Rees said.
To others, the Trump effect is more apparent. On the campaign trail, Trump spoke of funding a $20 billion school choice program and has proposed major cuts to long-standing K-12 programs, such as teacher preparation and after-school classes, while requesting more funding for charters and vouchers. DeVos has faced criticism from the left for promoting solely school choice and paying little attention to public schools.
Robin Lake, director of the Center on Reinventing Public Education, a non-partisan research and policy organization, said the Trump administration's rhetoric has only deepened partisan tensions around charter schools.
“I would be shocked if it were unaffected,” Lake said. “I am just hearing a lot from folks on the ground that schools have a lot of conversations with parents that they didn't use to have about why charter schools are public and why they are not a partisan issue.”
“I am not sure it's not the only reason, but I am pretty sure it's a contributing factor.”
Rick Hess, director of education policy at the conservative American Enterprise Institute, said Trump and DeVos may have turned school choice into a much more federal and divisive issue than it needed to be by talking about it in black-and-white terms and by being too critical of public schools.
“Sometimes the way these things get talked about, you can wind up alienating people who might be with you,” Hess said.
An April poll conducted by the Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research, found greater levels of support for charter schools. Forty-seven percent said they favor opening more public charter schools, 23 percent were opposed, and 30 percent felt neutral about it. Meanwhile, 43 percent of respondents supported giving low-income families tuition vouchers for private schools, 35 percent were opposed and 21 percent didn't have a strong opinion either way. The poll had a sample size of 1,036 and the margin of error was plus or minus 4.0 percentage points.
The Education Next survey was based on interviews with 4,214 adults across the country. The margin of error was 1.5 percentage points.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Weddings can be expensive affairs but high street retailer B&M has released a new selection of wedding accessories to make your big day that bit more affordable with prices starting at just one pound.
The new wedding range includes items to take shoppers from the hen do to the ceremony with novelty selfie wedding props (£1.49) and wooden ‘love' confetti (£1.49) all included.
The range also includes white rose button (two pack) for £2.49 and even a wedding bouquet for just £1.00.
The discount retailer is also selling ‘Happily Ever After' wedding flutes for £5.99 so couples can raise a toast to celebrate their nuptials.
The latest bridal accessories come after its competitor Poundland launched a wedding range last year.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Two men were stabbed and two women hurt and robbed by gang of three attackers in Gloucestershire this morning.
Police and the ambulance service were called to Clarendon Court on London Road, Stroud at midday on Saturday amid reports that somebody had been knifed.
Two men suffered minor stab wounds that did not require hospital treatment in the incident in the block of flats says police.
One woman had suffered a head injury and another had her mobile phone stolen by the gang of two men and one woman.
They described their attackers to police who are still investigating the circumstances of the stabbing.
The two male attackers were described as black and one was wearing a dark Adidas jacket and Kappa joggers. The second man had blue joggers.
The woman was mixed race and was wearing a two-piece set of leggings and gym-style top.
Police are appealing for information about the incident and asking anybody who can help to call 101 quoting incident 179 of February 3, 2018.
Ahmedabad: After his roadshow was cancelled, Prime Minister Narendra Modi is travelling in a seaplane, which is the first-ever flight by such a craft in the country, on Tuesday.
Prime Minister Modi will be traveling from Sabarmati River in Ahmedabad to Dharoi Dam via the plane.
His return journey would also be by the same sea-plane.
Prime Minister Modi in a rally on Monday had said, "Tomorrow for the first time in the history of the country a sea-plane will land on the Sabarmati River. I will go to Ambaji in the sea-plane after landing in Dharoi dam and come back."
Gujarat Chief Minister Vijay Rupani had said that this is for the first time in the history of the country that a sea-plane will land on a water body.
This is the first-ever flight by such a craft in the country. It is a Quest Kodiac plane, a small aircraft, can transport between nine to 15 people. It requires a runway length of just 300 metres for take off and landing, and is equipped with floats that allow it to land on waterways. Seaplanes can land on water bodies, while amphibian planes can operate on land as well as on water bodies.
Most of the seaplanes have single engine and presently, single engine aircraft are not allowed to operate scheduled services. On October 4, SpiceJet unveiled plans to purchase more than 100 amphibian planes, estimated to cost USD 400 million, as the no-frills airline looks to boost regional operations, The budget carrier has entered into a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Japan's Setouchi Holdings to explore whether the amphibian planes can be used by the airline in a cost effective manner.
Union Minister of Road Transport and Highways Nitin Gadkari called it a "big revolution" in the field of transport. "Today is a historical day as the Prime Minister traveled in a seaplane. Seaplane is a revolutionary factor in the field of transport. It will be a big revolution in the transport sector as India has huge potential," he said.
He further informed that within three months the government along with the Aviation Minister will formulate its rules and regulations and start seaplanes transport in different states by 2018.
When asked if Prime Minister Modi commuting through seaplane has to do anything with the upcoming Gujarat election, Gadkari said, "As per rules and regulations, a Prime Minister can use any transport facility, it has nothing to do with Gujarat Election 2017. If Rahul Gandhi wants he can also use it, no politics in it. Infact, I feel proud that the Prime Minister of this country took the trial."
Noah Padilla is grinning wide - and for a good reason. The 12-year-old has a new desk and a new bunk bed to share with his younger brother Jaiden.But the tears streaking down his mom's face tell us this is no ordinary bedroom makeover. Noah suffers from Loeys Dietz syndrome, a rare connective tissue disorder."This kid's gone through eight surgeries. He still has a smile on his face. But it's nice to give back to somebody who truly deserves a happy space," said Special Spaces Illinois Director Kelly Knox.Knox aims to do that every day. She works year round to identify children facing life-threatening illnesses and pairs them up with project donors. Chicago design firm Fjord took on this challenge.Knox said most donors don't visit the site until makeover day, but the Fjord team spent two months meeting with the Padillas, getting hands-on with the planning. They looked at all the rooms and thought they could do more than just the Special Spaces makeover.Project leader Daniella Pena's group of more than 20 volunteers decided Noah's siblings needed spaces reflecting their personalities, too."When one person in the family is sick the entire family is sick. So we really wanted to just blow it out of the park and get way more money," Pena said.They raised nearly double the $4,000 Special Spaces requested.Fast forward eight weeks. The Padillas walked out of the house just after 7 a.m. Friday morning without a clue as to how their home would look by dinner.Special Spaces - along with Fjord's army of volunteers - took over. Fresh paint, new furniture and a complete makeover in the three boys' bedrooms with bells and whistles added.The team worked for 10 hours, right up until the minute the Padillas came home. Even before seeing the transformation, Heidi Padilla expressed gratitude in ways unimaginable. Handmade signs from her classroom brought Kelly Knox to tears even before the reveal."It's knowing that it's not just the people here who care about Noah. It's knowing that there's people in the community who care about Noah. We've touched not just the Padilla family, not just the Fjord team, but we've touched a community of people who hopefully will remember Noah and his struggles and his positive outlook and remember that there's really great things happening in this world," Knox said.When volunteers arrived Friday morning, they discovered snacks, inspirational messages and gifts. The Padillas even wrote notes on fruit to say "thank you."It was more appreciation than would ever be expected, especially from a family burdened by illness. Needless to say, this mother deserves a thank you, too."The only light switch for down here was actually upstairs in the hallway," said Nick Lo Bue, a Fjord volunteer.Heidi Padilla does laundry for the entire house: 4 growing boys and her husband, too. Until now, she's been doing it by the light of a single bulb... practically in the dark.But now, she has new shelving and hampers - a complete surprise. There's more light, too - reminding us of the warmth surrounding everyone in the Padillas' home.
LONDON — Are Tom and Ruth Chapman about to get even richer?
The couple, who this year is marking the 30th anniversary of Matchesfashion.com, already have an estimated fortune of 160 million pounds and rank 694 on The Sunday Times Rich List. If market reports are to be believed, their wealth could skyrocket soon — or not.
It could be argued that little Anna Wilson, daughter of Stephen and Claire, Enniskillen, could be Ireland's number one fan. To rally support for the boys in green she recorded a video singing a passionate rendition of Ireland's Call.
Anna's big brother Charlie is a big rugby fan too, playing for Enniskillen minis under 8's. He is looking forward to Ulster's Paddy Jackson and Craig Gilroy carrying on their form. He's also a big fan of CJ Stander who he met in Enniskillen last year.
Advertisement
Anna will be watching the rest of the six Nations with her parents Stephen and Claire and her siblings, Charlie (8) and Orla (16). She hopes Ireland can beat France at the Aviva, Wales away and then win the championship by beating England on March 18th.
Watch Anna singing Ireland's Call below:
Tropical Cyclone Cebile held onto its status as a major hurricane in the Southern Indian Ocean when NASA's Aqua satellite passed overhead.
On Feb. 2, the Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer or MODIS instrument aboard NASA's Aqua satellite captured a visible-light image of Tropical Cyclone Cebile. The storm maintained its rounded appearance and visible eye.
On Feb. 2 at 10 a.m. EST (1500 UTC) Cebile's maximum sustained winds were estimated at 110 knots (126.6 mph/203.7 kph). That makes Cebile a category three hurricane on the Saffir-Simpson hurricane wind scale. Cebile's center was located near 17.6 degrees south latitude and 75.8 degrees east longitude, about 659 nautical miles south-southeast of Diego Garcia. Cebile was moving to the south-southeast at 6 knots (6.9 mph/11.1 kph).
Cebile is moving south and is expected to continue weakening. The Joint Typhoon Warning Center forecast calls for the storm to turn to the southeast and weaken more rapidly under increasingly adverse conditions.
###
epa05695311 French President Francois Hollande looks at Islamic State-held territory as he visits a military outpost on the outskirts of Mosul, outside the Kurdish city of Erbil, Iraq, 02 January 2017. Hollande is in Iraq on a one-day visit. EPA/CHRISTOPHE ENA / POOL MAXPPP OUT
WASHINGTON (AP) — Ignoring concerns raised by international monitoring groups, President Donald Trump called Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan on Monday to congratulate him on the country's contested referendum greatly expanding presidential powers.
The move comes despite protests from opposition parties and international monitoring groups — as well as Trump's own State Department — about voting irregularities during Sunday's referendum. And it aligns Trump with a leader who has taken on an increasingly authoritarian bent.
Voters Sunday narrowly approved constitutional amendments that will replace Turkey's parliamentary system with a presidential one. Under the new system, the president will be able to appoint ministers and senior government officials, issue decrees and declare states of emergency.
Opposition parties have complained of a series of irregularities, including an electoral board decision to accept ballots that did not bear official stamps, as required by Turkish law. International monitors from the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe said the move undermined safeguards against fraud.
Advertisement
Earlier Monday, U.S. State Department spokesman Mark Toner echoed the concerns raised by the OSCE, pointing to “observed irregularities” on voting day and “an uneven playing field” during the campaign.
Erdoğan, meanwhile, called the referendum “the most democratic election … ever seen in any Western country” and admonished the OSCE monitors to “know your place.”
Critics argue the reforms in Turkey will hand extensive power to a man with an increasingly autocratic bent and leave few checks and balances in place.
Underscoring the complicated relationship between the U.S. and Turkey, the White House readout of Trump's call also noted the pressing issues on which the U.S. has tried to work with Turkey, namely fighting the Islamic State group and quelling Syria's civil war.
Earlier Monday, the White House had sidestepped questions on the referendum, with spokesman Sean Spicer saying the U.S. wanted to let an international commission review the results.
“They have a right to have elections and their people participated in that,” Spicer said. “Before we start getting into their government system, let this commission get through its work.”
Erdoğan had a bumpy relationship with Trump's predecessor. President Barack Obama initially viewed Erdoğan as a possible model for a new generation of Muslim leaders and traveled to Turkey early in his first year in office. The two men spoke frequently during the start of Obama's tenure.
But as Erdoğan took a turn toward authoritarianism, his relationship with Obama worsened.
Last year, Obama said there were trends in Turkey that he was “troubled with,” including a fierce crackdown on the press.
“There is no doubt that President Erdoğan has been repeatedly elected through a democratic process, but I think the approach that they've been taking towards the press is one that could lead Turkey down a path that would be very troubling,” Obama said in an April 2016 news conference.
__
Follow Colvin and Pace on Twitter at https://twitter.com/colvinj and https://twitter.com/jpaceDC
PARIS (AP) — The French interior minister says police have arrested two suspected radicals who were allegedly preparing an “imminent” attack in France as it prepares to vote this weekend in the first round of its presidential election.
Matthias Fekl said at a brief news conference Tuesday that the arrests took place in the southern city of Marseille.
He said those arrested were suspected of preparing an attack in the coming days.
Workers at a north-end Toronto recycling plant were being decontaminated early Friday due to an unknown substance that caused some to have difficulty breathing.
Toronto Fire Dept. platoon chief Doug Harper said crews arrived at the facility (near Arrow Road and Sheppard Avenue) just before midnight because of an unknown substance which created what he called a "minor irritant."
Harper says several people experienced respiratory difficulties but firefighters have so far been unable to identify and find the substance.
Two people were reportedly taken to hospital.
Video: Iron & Wine – “Call It Dreaming”
Iron & Wine – Call It's Dreaming [OFFICIAL VIDEO]
Watch this video on YouTube
From Beast Epic, due August 25 on Sub Pop.
Do you miss the old Iron & Wine? When it was pretty much just Sam Beam and a guitar? Before he got all into world music or whatever the hell he's been doing for the past ten years? You're in luck! Beam says, “I feel there's a certain kinship between this new collection of songs and my earliest material.”
Well, this new song isn't as stripped down as The Creek Drank the Cradle but it's closer to Our Endless Numbered Days than anything since then. And that's a good direction. With optimistic lyrics and acoustic instrumentation, it's easily the best Iron & Wine song I've heard in a decade. Plus, I'm a sucker for the sentiment of reminding folks to let your loved ones know you care about them before they die.
And we get a chance to say
Before we ease away
For all the love you've left behind,
You can have mine
Iron and Wine: web, twitter, fb, amazon, apple, spotify, wiki.
In hindsight, both The Creek Drank the Cradle (2002) and Our Endless Numbered Days (2004) epitomize a reflective and confessional songwriting style (although done with my own ferocious commitment to understatement, of course.) I have been and always will be fascinated by the way time asserts itself on our bodies and our hearts. The ferris wheel keeps spinning and we're constantly approaching, leaving or returning to something totally unexpected or startlingly familiar. The rite of passage is an image I've returned to often because I feel we're all constantly in some stage of transition. Beast Epic is saturated with this idea but in a different way simply because each time I return to the theme I've collected new experiences to draw from. Where the older songs painted a picture of youth moving wide-eyed into adulthood's violent pleasures and disappointments, this collection speaks to the beauty and pain of growing up after you've already grown up. For me, that experience has been more generous in its gifts and darker in its tragedies. The sound of Beast Epic harks back to previous work, in a way, as well. By employing the old discipline of recording everything live and doing minimal overdubbing, I feel like it wears both its achievements and its imperfections on its sleeve. Over the years, I've enjoyed experimenting with different genres, sonics and songwriting styles and all that traveled distance is evident in the feel and the arrangements here, but the muscles seemed to have relaxed and been allowed to effortlessly do what they do best. I've been fortunate to get to play with some very talented musicians over the years who are both uniquely intuitive and also expressive in exciting ways. This group was no different. We spent about two weeks recording and mixing but mostly laughing at The Loft in Chicago.
To be honest, I've named this record BEAST EPIC mostly because it sounds really fucking cool! However, with that said and perhaps to be completely honest, “a story where animals talk and act like people” sounds like the perfect description for the life of any of us. If not that, then it's at least perfect for any group of songs I've ever tried to make. I hope you enjoy it.
SHANGHAI, April 20 China stocks snapped a four-day losing streak on Thursday, with investors continuing to seek cover in defensives such as the consumer and healthcare sectors, while fleeing small caps and stocks related to the new Xiongan economic zone.
The blue-chip CSI300 index rose 0.5 percent to 3,461.55 points, while the Shanghai Composite Index edged up 0.1 percent to 3,172.10.
Zhangtai Securities warned in its latest strategy report that stocks will remain volatile amid an increasingly tighter regulatory and monetary policy environment.
Chinese shares have also been pressured by worries that economic and corporate profit growth will soon start to fade after a strong start to the year. But investors drew some solace from Beijing's pledge late on Wednesday to step up policy support if there is a jump in the jobless rate.
Underscoring reduced risk appetite, investors rushed into sectors that promise stable returns and generous dividend payouts, pushing both consumer and healthcare indexes up over 2 percent, while an index tracking liquor makers jumped 3.3 percent.
However, stocks expected to benefit from the newly-launched Xiongan zone near Beijing lost steam, with building materials maker BBMG and Baoding Tianwei Baobian Electric tumbling by their 10 percent daily limit.
Xiongan has been widely seen as a high-profile property and infrastructure investment theme, but rocketing share price rises for firms which could benefit from the plan have prompted warnings from regulators about excessive speculation.
Small caps in general were weak for similar reasons, with some tumbling more than 30 percent in the past four sessions.
Elsewhere, an index tracking the country's major lenders slid to a seven-month low amid worries over increasing regulation, and after Moody's said results of Chinese banks for 2016 showed continued pressure on profitability. (Reporting by Luoyan Liu and John Ruwitch; Editing by Kim Coghill)
North Shields-based AIS Training has expanded its global reach after opening a specialist centre in Vietnam.
The state-of-the-art facility, which will be run in conjunction with AIS Training's partner in the territory, Black Cat Insulation Technical JSC, will offer internationally-recognised scaffolding and insulation courses.
It has been accredited by global scaffolding body, CISRS, as an official overseas scaffolder training scheme centre and is approved to offer a range of CISRS courses.
AIS personnel carried out its own intensive seven-day audit, prior to the successful CISRS accreditation visit.
The new training centre will be used by Black Cat to upskill and improve the competencies of its own employees, as well as servicing the training requirements of the lucrative Indo-China oil, gas and construction markets.
Black Cat employs around 200 people in Vietnam and is recognised as a key supplier to the Indo-China oil, gas and industrial sectors, providing and installing insulation, protective coatings and passive fire protection systems via scaffolding.
This move strengthens the business relationship between AIS and Black Cat. Currently, Black Cat acts as agent and distributor throughout Indo-China for AIS's award-winning technical insulation products, which are used to protect machinery and structures from corrosion, weather, noise and temperature extremes.
Paul Attrill, director at AIS, said: “Over the past 12 months, AIS Training has developed its own world-class scaffolding centre in the north of England and we intend to replicate this success in Vietnam.”
President Hassan Rouhani has begun a crucial visit to Europe, where he is expected to discuss the fate of a nuclear agreement from which US President Donald Trump withdrew in May.
Rouhani is to discuss boosting Tehran's ties with Europe which has been scrambling to save the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) but struggled to provide Iran with concrete guarantees to benefit from staying in the nuclear deal.
"Now that the Americans have exited the JCPOA in breach of international rules and their multi-lateral commitments, communication and negotiation with Europe enjoys a special position," Rouhani told reporters in Tehran before heading to Switzerland.
From Switzerland, the Iranian president will travel to Austria where he will meet President Alexander Van der Bellen and Chancellor Sebastian Kurz and oversee the signing of some documents for cooperation.
A key subject on the agenda, however, is a package which the Europeans are expected to offer to Iran in order to keep the country in the JCPOA.
The United States withdrew from the agreement in May, and said it would be re-imposing the sanctions lifted by the agreement. Washington has also threatened countries retaining trade with Iran with "secondary sanctions."
Iran's Minister of Industry, Mine and Trade Muhammad Shariatmadari said Saturday President Rouhani will discuss the package in Austria and Switzerland.
A number of Iranian economic activists and representatives of the private sector are accompanying President Rouhani in the visit.
Rouhani underscored the importance of Iran's ties with the European Union, which views the nuclear agreement as pivotal to regional and international peace and security.
"Europe's current situation is to some extent different from the past. Europe is opposing unilateralism with a louder voice, and expressing readiness to cooperate with Iran and other important and influential countries on regional and international issues," he said.
Rouhani called the trip an opportunity to discuss the future of the JCPOA and bilateral agreements with EU members, especially given that Austria has just assumed rotating presidency of the European Union.
"We will be negotiating with Austria as the president of the EU," he said.
Rouhani is also expected to discuss other issues, including the conflicts in Syria and Yemen.
The president said "the oppression which has been imposed on Syria and the crimes being committed against the Yemeni people as well as the entire world's responsibility vis-a-vis these issues, and the role which Iran can play in strengthening stability in the Middle East" will be discussed.
Iran will also sign documents for cooperation in the industrial, commercial, healthcare, education, and water resources management fields with Switzerland and Austria, he added.
European signatories to the nuclear non proliferation agreement with Iran, termed the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) have been repeating their commitment to the deal since Trump's withdrawal in May. However, up until now, no concrete measures have materialized which demonstrate the European resolve to ensure that the economic benefits to Iran of sticking with the deal. Meanwhile, Iran has been declaring that they are not going to remain with the JCPOA and will return to their enrichment programs if Europe doesn't come through.The need is great, therefore, for Europe and Iran to come to some sort of agreement with concrete implications about how to save the agreement and guarantee European economic cooperation with the Persian nation. Iranian President Hassan Rouhani is set to make a trip to Switzerland and Austria in order to establish these goals as well as to discuss matters in the Middle East relative to Syria and Yemen.Press-TV reports Europe needs to save the JCPOA for a multitude of reasons, and Iran needs its commerce with Europe, thus, the interest in seeing something work is definitely there. Butby transacting with Iran? Furthermore, with the threats of sanctions from America coming through on the pretext of buying Iranian oil against the wishes of Washington, will Iran be able to offer enough value to its trading partners to compensate for the damage this would inevitably entail? Can and will a vision of progress towards a more stable Middle East manifest which perceives Iran as a part of that process? The EU is now under the presidency of Austria, so it's a different environment in some respects, the question is how it's going to express itself in its dealing with a nation which their primary Western partner and ally, the US, deems a threat?
Oi! John Farnham is headed your way for A Day on the Green. Picture: A Day On The Green
Oi! John Farnham is headed your way for A Day on the Green. Picture: A Day On The Green
JOHN Farnham is keeping everyone happy after turning 69 last weekend.
The iconic singer will headline a string of A Day on the Green shows in December.
With a set based around his classic Whispering Jack album, Farnham will play at A Day on the Green shows at Leconfield Wines McLaren Vale South Australia on November 24, Bimbadgen in Hunter Valley in New South Wales on December 1, Sirroment Wines Mt Cotton Queensland on December 2 and Rochford Wines in Victoria's Yarra Valley on December 8.
Tickets go on sale 10am Friday July 13 from Ticketmaster.
STORY BEHIND JOHN FARNHAM'S AGE OF REASON
HOW JOHN FARNHAM BECAME THE VOICE
Bachelor Girl's Tania Doko and James Roche. Picture: Jonathan Ng
"I already do most of the songs from Whispering Jack, but there are a couple of fillers we might skip!," Farnham joked. "And obviously there'll be all the other songs people want to hear."
The Day on the Green line-up will also feature Daryl Braithwaite, Russell Morris and Bachelor Girl.
"It's so good people are embracing Australian music on these bills," Farnham said. "I've done a few shows with Daryl, The Horses is his You're the Voice. Everyone knows it. I'll be backstage waiting to go on and I can hear everyone roaring along to The Horses. Good on him."
Richard Marx loves Farnsey. Picture: Norm Oorloff
Daryl Braithwaite is pumped. Picture: Luke Bowden
Joining the local acts will be US singer - and Farnham fanboy - Richard Marx.
Marx has written songs for Farnham and performed with him on the 1994 ARIA Awards.
"I know Richard quite well, I've had a few beers with him in the past," Farnham said. "Doing a song with him on these shows is something I could embrace, we'll see."
It's the third summer in a row Farnham is doing outdoor shows around Australia.
"I get a bit more gregarious when I'm working outside. It's a whole different feel, I jump up and down like a 20 year old."
Farnham will be surrounded by 20 years old when he is the special guest on Melbourne duo Client Liaison's travelling Expo Festival in August, scheduled to play three songs including You're the Voice and Age of Reason - the latter was released 30 years ago this week. The duo have sung with Tina Arena and Daryl Braithwaite in the past.
"I wasn't overly aware of them so I did some research on the internet and they're kind of quirky which I like. They're into that 80s fashion, so it'll bring back my youth!"
Client Liaison's Expo Liaison hits Flemington Racecourse on August 18, Perth's Claremont Oval on August 19, Parramatta Park Sydney on August 25 and Brisbane's Victoria Park on August 26.
Farnham said he had a quiet 69th birthday last Sunday.
"I didn't do a bloody thing, just a barbie and some beers. I'm saving myself for the next one when I turn 70. Jesus!"
A team of Massachusetts General Hospital (MGH) investigators has identified factors that may increase the risk of drug overdose in adolescents and young adults. In their report published online in the Journal of Clinical Psychiatry, the researchers describe finding that more than a quarter of those seeking treatment at Addiction Recovery Management Service, an MGH-based outpatient substance-use-disorder treatment program for youth ages 14 to 26, had a history of at least one overdose. Factors associated with increased overdose risk were disorders involving the use of alcohol, cocaine or amphetamines and histories of depression, anxiety or eating disorders.
"Very little research exists on risk factors associated with overdose in young people presenting for substance use disorder treatment," says lead and corresponding author Amy Yule, MD, of Addiction Recovery Management Service and the MGH Division of Child Psychiatry. "In addition to screening for substance-specific risk factors, it is important that providers systematically screen young patients for overdose histories and for psychiatric factors that may increase overdose risk."
Most studies of overdose risk among individuals with substance use disorders have focused on adults, and the few that specifically studied young people only assessed substance-related risk factors and not psychiatric symptoms. Yule notes that, since substance use patterns are known to differ between youth and adults, and since brain regions important to decision making do not fully mature until the 20s, it is important to investigate whether risk factors differ between the two age groups.
The research team conducted a retrospective analysis of deidentified data from intake assessments conducted at Addiction Recovery Management Service from January 2012 through June 2013. These comprehensive assessments include details of both substance use and psychiatric histories and are conducted by social workers, psychologists and psychiatrists with additional training in addiction medicine.
Of the 200 patients whose data were collected, 58 had a history of at least one overdose - defined as substance use associated with significant impairment in the level of consciousness or an ingestion of any substance with the intent of self-harm that was reported as a suicide attempt. Among those with an overdose history, 62 percent (36 patients) had unintentional overdoses only, 31 percent (18 patients) had intentional overdose only, and 7 percent (4 patients) had a history of both intentional and unintentional overdose; 24 patients had histories of more than one overdose.
Patients with two or more substance use disorders were more than three times as likely to have a history of overdose, compared to patients with a single substance use disorder. The best substance-associated predictors of an overdose were alcohol use disorder, cocaine use disorder and amphetamine use disorder; psychiatric conditions associated with overdose history were eating disorders, depression and anxiety disorders. Patients with a history of intentional overdose were more likely than those with unintentional overdose to have a history of self-harming behavior and inpatient psychiatric treatment.
Yule notes that, since the association of eating disorders with overdose risk has never been reported previously, it needs to be replicated in future studies, but assessing for eating disorders and other psychiatric risk factors in youth with substance use disorders is essential. The lack of an association between opioid use and overdose history in this study could reflect the fact that opioid use usually begins at later ages than does use of substances such as cannabis and alcohol, which are more common among adolescents. In addition, she adds, the presence of fentanyl, which significantly increases overdose risk, was much lower in Massachusetts at the time this study's data were collected.
"It's going to be helpful to assess overdose risk among young people with substance use disorders over a longer period of time and to examine whether treatment mitigates the risk for subsequent overdose," says Yule, an instructor in Psychiatry at Harvard Medical School (HMS). "While the opioid epidemic has raised public awareness of the importance of increased access to evidence-based treatment for substance use disorders, our findings support the importance of considering all substances of misuse - both opioids and non-opioids - when assessing overdose risk."
Study senior author Timothy Wilens, MD, chief of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry at MGH and associate professor of Psychiatry at HMS adds, "The striking prevalence of overdose history in treatment-seeking young people reflects how common overdose unfortunately is among those with substance use disorders, no matter the age."
###
Additional co-authors of the Journal of Clinical Psychiatry report are Nicholas Carrellas, Maura Fitzgerald, MPH, and James McKowen, PhD, MGH Department of Child Psychiatry; and Jessica Nargiso, PhD, Brandon G. Bergman, PhD, and John F. Kelly, PhD, Addiction Recovery Management Service, MGH Department of Psychiatry. The study was supported by the MGH Louis V. Gerstner III Research Scholar Award and American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry Physician Scientist in Substance Abuse Award 5K12DA000357-17.
Massachusetts General Hospital, founded in 1811, is the original and largest teaching hospital of Harvard Medical School. The MGH Research Institute conducts the largest hospital-based research program in the nation, with an annual research budget of more than $800 million and major research centers in HIV/AIDS, cardiovascular research, cancer, computational and integrative biology, cutaneous biology, human genetics, medical imaging, neurodegenerative disorders, regenerative medicine, reproductive biology, systems biology, photomedicine and transplantation biology. The MGH topped the 2015 Nature Index list of health care organizations publishing in leading scientific journals, earned the prestigious 2015 Foster G. McGaw Prize for Excellence in Community Service and returned to the number one spot on the 2015-16 U.S. News & World Report list of "America's Best Hospitals."
Today in History
Today is Monday, Jan. 2, the second day of 2017. There are 363 days left in the year.
Today's Highlight in History:
On Jan. 2, 1942, the Philippine capital of Manila was captured by Japanese forces during World War II.
On this date:
In 1788, Georgia became the fourth state to ratify the U.S. Constitution.
In 1792, the first classes began at Georgetown University in Washington, D.C.
In 1893, the U.S. Postal Service issued its first commemorative stamp to honor the World's Columbian Expedition and the quadricentennial of Christopher Columbus' voyage.
In 1900, U.S. Secretary of State John Hay announced the “Open Door Policy” to facilitate trade with China.
In 1921, religious services were broadcast on radio for the first time as KDKA in Pittsburgh aired the regular Sunday service of the city's Calvary Episcopal Church.
In 1935, Bruno Hauptmann went on trial in Flemington, New Jersey, on charges of kidnapping and murdering the 20-month-old son of Charles and Anne Lindbergh. (Hauptmann was found guilty, and executed.)
In 1955, the president of Panama, Jose Antonio Remon Cantera, was assassinated at a racetrack.
In 1967, Republican Ronald Reagan took the oath of office as the new governor of California in a ceremony that took place in Sacramento shortly just after midnight.
In 1974, President Richard Nixon signed legislation requiring states to limit highway speeds to 55 miles an hour as a way of conserving gasoline in the face of an OPEC oil embargo. (The 55 mph limit was effectively phased out in 1987; federal speed limits were abolished in 1995.) “Singing cowboy” star Tex Ritter died in Nashville at age 68.
In 1981, police in Sheffield, England, arrested Peter Sutcliffe, who confessed to being the “Yorkshire Ripper,” the serial killer of 13 women.
In 1991, Sharon Pratt was sworn in as mayor of Washington, D.C., becoming the first black woman to head a city of Washington's size and prominence.
In 2006, a methane gas explosion at the Sago (SAY'-goh) Mine in West Virginia claimed the lives of 12 miners, but one miner, Randal McCloy, Jr., was eventually rescued. The roof of a skating rink collapsed in the German town of Bad Reichenhall (bahd RYK'-ehn-hahl), killing 15 people.
Ten years ago: The state funeral for former President Gerald R. Ford began with an elaborate service at Washington National Cathedral, then moved to Grand Rapids, Michigan. New York City commuter Wesley Autrey Sr. saved Cameron Hollopeter, a 19-year-old film student who'd fallen onto subway tracks, by leaping down and pulling the teen and himself into the trough between the tracks as a train passed over them. Talk show host Oprah Winfrey opened a school for disadvantaged girls in South Africa. (The school later became embroiled in allegations of abuse; Winfrey apologized and promised an overhaul.) No. 5 Louisville beat No. 15 Wake Forest 24-13 in the Orange Bowl. Former Jerusalem Mayor Teddy Kollek died at age 95.
Five years ago: Gordon Hirabayashi, a Japanese-American sociologist who spent 90 days in jail for refusing to be interned during World War II, died in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada at age 93. (Hirabayashi's conviction was overturned in 1987 by a U.S. court which concluded that the U.S. government's internment policies had been based on political expediency, and not on any risk to national security.) The 2012 Tournament of Roses brought its flowery floats to a worldwide audience under clear blue skies in Pasadena, California, and in its wake was followed by hundreds of anti-Wall Street protesters. No. 3 Oklahoma State beat No. 4 Stanford 41-38 in overtime in the Fiesta Bowl. No. 6 Oregon beat No. 9 Wisconsin 45-38 in the Rose Bowl.
One year ago: A heavily armed group led by Ammon and Ryan Bundy seized the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in Oregon, beginning a 41-day standoff to protest the imprisonment of two ranchers convicted of setting fires on public land and demand the federal government turn over public lands to local control. Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders' campaign said it had raised more than $33 million during the previous three months in his bid to win the Democratic nomination, just short of the amount brought in by rival Hillary Clinton during the same period. The mayor of Temixco, Mexico, Gisela Mota, was assassinated a day after being sworn into office; two suspects were killed in a clash with police and three others arrested. Saudi Arabia executed 47 prisoners, including a prominent Shiite cleric; Shiite leaders in Iran and elsewhere across the Middle East swiftly condemned Riyadh and warned of a sectarian backlash.
Today's Birthdays: Country musician Harold Bradley is 91. Former House Speaker Dennis Hastert is 75. TV host Jack Hanna is 70. Actress Wendy Phillips is 65. Actress Cynthia Sikes is 63. Actress Gabrielle Carteris is 56. Movie director Todd Haynes is 56. Retired MLB All-Star pitcher David Cone is 54. Actress Tia Carrere is 50. Actor Cuba Gooding Jr. is 49. Model Christy Turlington is 48. Actor Taye Diggs is 46. Actress Renee Elise Goldsberry (Stage: “Hamilton”) is 46. Rock musician Scott Underwood is 46. Rock singer Doug Robb (Hoobastank) is 42. Actor Dax Shepard is 42. Actress Paz Vega is 41. Country musician Chris Hartman is 39. Ballroom dancer Karina Smirnoff (TV: “Dancing with the Stars”) is 39. Rock musician Jerry DePizzo Jr. (O.A.R.) is 38. Rhythm-and-blues singer Kelton Kessee (IMX) is 36. Pop singer-musician Ryan Merchant (Capital Cities) is 36. Actress Kate Bosworth is 34. Actor Peter Gadiot is 32. Jazz singer-musician Trombone Shorty is 31. Rhythm-and-blues singer/rapper Bryson Tiller is 24.
Thought for Today: “A clash of doctrines is not a disaster — it is an opportunity.” — Alfred North Whitehead, English philosopher and mathematician (1861-1947).
(Above Advance for Use Monday, Jan. 2)
Copyright 2017, The Associated Press. All rights reserved.
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
Workers attempted to bring the well under control, but the Alaskan North Slope is host to temperatures lower than 20 degrees Fahrenheit and 38 mph wind gusts. The damage to the well is extensive: it has risen three or four feet out of the ground and its pressure gauge has been severely damaged, according to the Alaska Department of Environmental Conservation (ADEC) on Saturday.
On Saturday night, workers were able to enter the wellhouse and slowly reduce the pressure. It wasn't until Monday, however, that BP announced that the well had been killed and the oil had stopped flowing.
BP did not have an estimate available for the volume of oil and natural gas spilled. They claim that two leaks had sprung, one at the well's top and one at the well's bottom. Both BP and ADEC, which used an airborne infrared camera to examine the scene, say that the vast majority of the spray landed on the drilling pad.
"The top leak was misting oil in conjunction with releasing natural gas," said ADEC in a statement, but "the activation of the surface safety valve has stopped the release from that point. The bottom leak has been reduced, but is currently leaking gas as well as some minor amount of crude oil."
No people were at the well when it burst, and no injuries have been reported. The cause of the well bursting remains unknown.
"Whenever you have an out-of-control well like this, that means something very serious went wrong," Lois Epstein, Arctic Program Director for environmentalist group The Wilderness Society, told Bloomberg. "This really needs to be thoroughly investigated to find out what went wrong and whether there's a danger of it happening again."
The well that burst is in the Prudhoe Bay Oil Field, the largest oil field in North America. The field is estimated to have contained over one trillion gallons of oil before exploration began in the 1970s. Between then and 2005, around 460 billion gallons have been extracted, mostly by BP.
In 2006, a BP oil pipeline in Prudhoe Bay ruptured and spilled 215,000 gallons of crude oil over the North Slope. BP was fined $255 million by the state of Alaska for negligence in their maintenance of Prudhoe Bay pipelines. The infamous Exxon Valdez, which in 1989 spilled tens of millions of gallons of oil into the Gulf of Alaska, was carrying oil extracted from Prudhoe Bay.
NEW LONDON, Conn. (WTNH) — Whether you are throwing a Super Bowl party or going to one there are some things you can do to make sure you do not get sidelined by sickness after the game.
“This is not the time to be drinking from somebody else's glass,” said Dr. Anthony Cirillo, Medical Director at Lawrence & Memorial Hospital's Pequot Emergency Department in Groton.
In fact it's a good idea to write your name on your cup so you don't accidentally share any germs.
Related: Flu can spread fast among kids who play sports
“Don't double-dip,” said Garry Weiss, owner of Arrow Paper Party Rental in New London. “The other thing we haven't seen in a while we're doing fist pumps don't do fist pumps do elbows. You got to do an elbow to keep you safe.”
Using paper plates and plastic cups can also keep germs in check.
“A lot of people just think about the convenience but now that everyone's getting the flu I think we got to start thinking about what can we do to keep ourselves from getting sick and keep passing those germs around,” said Weiss.
Related: Officials report 52 flu-related deaths in Connecticut
When grabbing chips and dip you should use tongs and spoons. But since they are shared make sure you wash your hands often and dry them with a paper towel which can be thrown away. You may want to avoid sharing a cloth hand towel with others.
“The challenge with the virus the flu is people who have the virus and may already be sharing it may not be sick yet,” said Dr. Cirillo.
He says the flu is mostly spread through coughing, sneezing, and being in close contact. So if you feel sick play it safe and don't go to that Super Bowl party.
“You can stay at home and watch the Patriots win and celebrate on your own,” Dr. Cirillo said with a laugh. “It's a hope.”
If you used table covers at the end of the party you can just throw them away. That will keep your table and other surfaces clean and hopefully germ free.
In the seven years since I started Beyond Black & White, published Swirling, and became the brand ambassador for InterracialDatingCentral.com, the demand for women requesting my advice in online dating has never been higher. I get emails every day from women who are looking to improve their romantic returns. Combine that with discouraging news about how black women fare on dating sites, and some of them feel absolutely hopeless.
Personal coaching of this kind takes time and money. Experts in the field report clients paying up to $3,000 a month for help with their profile, writing emails and instant messages, and help with their online presence. I'm qualified to be one of those experts, but I choose to reach a wider group in a demographic I'm deeply invested in: black women. I've been personally responsible for many marriages and romantic pairings through the years, but it's time to do more.
For the first (and maybe only) time, I'll be hosting a one-day course, Online Dating: Decoded, on Saturday, August 26, 7PM EST. I can only accept 100 people, and many have already signed up. Here's the agenda:
–Get Your Mind Right: Develop a Winning Online Persona
–Elements of a good ID name
–How to prepare an effective and enticing online profile using scientific research
–How to prep yourself for pictures with the right makeup, scenery, mannerisms, colors and poses
–Interview with world-class dating expert
–Rewrite of 5 participants online dating profile to put theory to practice
–FREE copy of the guide, Online Dating: Glamorously.
–Open forum and Q & A
I can only accept 100 women to this conference. The slots for the first five participants in which I will highlight, dissect and improve have already been filled. This happened in less than 24 hours. There's still slot left and you still have an opportunity to participate in the Q & A session at the end. If you can't make the live event, the call will be recorded and you will still receive a copy of Online Dating: Glamorously. Requirements: –You MUST have an active Facebook page
–Phone and internet connection required Register under the link button below. Space is filling fast.
Follow Christelyn on Instagram and Twitter, and subscribe to our YouTube channel. And if you want to be a little more about this online dating thing, InterracialDatingCentral is the official dating site for this blog.
HARRISBURG, Pa. (AP) - Boosting the Democrats' chances of retaking control of Congress in this fall's midterm elections, the U.S. Supreme Court and a federal panel on Monday rejected Republican challenges to a newly redrawn congressional map imposed on Pennsylvania by the state's high court.
The federal courts dismissed requests to throw out or halt use of the new district map, which the state court drafted after ruling that the preexisting map violated the state constitution's guarantee of free and equal elections. That earlier map, drawn by the GOP in 2011, is considered among the most gerrymandered in the nation.
The pair of rulings Monday makes it highly likely that this year's congressional elections in Pennsylvania will be conducted under district lines widely viewed as more favorable to Democrats than the 2011 map.
Democrats need to pick up 24 seats to take control of the U.S. House of Representatives, 23 if Conor Lamb's lead holds from last week's special election in Pennsylvania's 18th District.
Under the new map, Democrats have a good chance to pick up three seats in the Philadelphia suburbs, and a fighting chance of flipping Republican districts in Harrisburg, Allentown and outside Pittsburgh, said Franklin and Marshall College political scientist Terry Madonna.
"Now, the Democrats nationally will look at Pennsylvania as one of the top priorities, for the obvious reason that of the 24 seats that they need, Pennsylvania has a reasonable chance of putting three in their corner," Madonna said.
Republicans drew the previous map to aid their candidates. It proved to be a campaign winner, leading the GOP to a 13-5 edge in the state's congressional delegation for all three elections in which it was used. By contrast, Democrats have a 5-to-4 statewide advantage in voter registration and have won 18 of 24 statewide elections since the 2011 map was enacted.
The pair of court decisions came with just one day left for the state's congressional candidates to circulate petitions to get on the May 15 primary ballot.
The U.S. Supreme Court turned down the request without comment. Separately, the panel of judges said it had no authority to act in the matter except to dismiss the case.
Democratic Gov. Tom Wolf called the federal judges' ruling the right decision and said it will let the state move ahead with a fair map.
The Democratic majority on the state Supreme Court had ruled in January that the map Republicans crafted in 2011 amounted to an unconstitutional gerrymander.
After Wolf and lawmakers in the GOP-controlled General Assembly did not produce a replacement, the court enacted its own map last month and gave candidates extra time for petition gathering.
The federal judges' decision was made in a case brought a month ago by eight sitting Republican congressmen and two GOP state senators. They argued the state justices infringed on the Legislature's prerogative and did not give lawmakers enough time to come up with a replacement.
The panel said the senators have only two votes in their chamber, calling that "inadequate as a matter of law to allow a lawsuit premised on an institutional injury to the General Assembly." The eight Republican congressmen, the judges wrote, may have wasted resources campaigning in their old districts, but they cannot prove that was caused by a violation of the U.S. Constitution's Elections Clause.
"The cost of shifting district boundaries - in terms of both campaign funding and constituent fealty - is surely appreciable," the judges wrote. "But the federal congressional plaintiffs have identified no legal principle tethering that cost to a legally cognizable interest in the composition of their electoral districts under the Elections Clause."
Matt Haverstick, a lawyer for the congressmen, said they were disappointed and considering their legal options.
"I think there was confusion last week in PA18's special" election, Haverstick said. "And I don't think, with today's decisions, that that confusion goes away."
In a separate case , two senior Republicans in the state Legislature who were on the losing end of the state Supreme Court decision had asked the U.S. Supreme Court to issue a stay, which would have resulted in the use of the 2011 map for this year's congressional elections. They wanted the new map put on hold while they pursued an appeal to the nation's highest court.
More than 40 candidates had filed petition paperwork by midday Monday, according to state elections bureau data. The deadline to submit at least 1,000 voter signatures to get on the primary ballot is Tuesday.
West Indies coach Stuart Law praised captain Jason Holder's bowling display, after his team chased down 290 to beat Zimbabwe by four wickets on Monday and move to within one win of sealing a place at next year's World Cup.
The home side were indebted to Brendan Taylor's 10th one-day international hundred as they managed 289 all out from their 50 overs in Harare, but fifties from Evin Lewis, Shai Hope and Marlon Samuels helped the Windies over the line despite a late collapse.
Law pointed towards Holder's four wickets as the difference between Zimbabwe posting a score out of reach and limiting them to below 300 in the crucial qualifying encounter.
"Jason Holder, for the whole game, was outstanding," said Law.
"To only go for 35 runs in his 10, with a total of 290, is outstanding. And also picking up four wickets.
"At one stage with Brendan Taylor there, Zimbabwe looked like getting 320, 330, 340. Our fielding was very good as well. The energy we showed was outstanding."
The two-time World Cup winners are now top of the Super Six table ahead of their final match against Scotland on Wednesday, when victory would secure one of the two remaining places for next year's tournament in England and Wales.
"In a sense this next game is another final," added Law.
"We've shown signs that we're a very good cricket team, and we've got one more chance to show the world that we can do it. I'm very happy with where we are, we've only lost one game in the competition so far."
Zimbabwe's fate is also still in their hands despite a first loss of the competition, as victory over the United Arab Emirates on Thursday would still secure qualification.
"We need to put our hands up and continue our form," said Taylor.
"Because we have been good. We've just had one slip-up today. We're certainly not taking anyone for granted. We have to win on Thursday.
"The side that wins on Wednesday, they go through. We can't worry about them. We have to worry about what we do on Thursday. There you have it, that's your final. It's clear-cut."
- Zimbabwe fall short of 300 -
Zimbabwe chose to bat on a pitch that showed pace and bounce throughout the day, but they were quickly reduced to 28 for two, with Holder nipping out two early wickets.
That effectively became 30 for 3 when Solomon Mire was struck on the head by a bouncer from Kemar Roach and had to retire hurt.
Unperturbed by the situation, Taylor scored freely from the start of his innings.
He put on 49 for the third wicket with Craig Ervine, and then 76 with Sean Williams, reaching his fifty from 65 deliveries in the 27th over.
After Williams departed for a rapid 34, Taylor added 79 with Sikandar Raza, reaching his hundred in the 38th over with a reverse sweep.
With set batsmen at the crease, Zimbabwe might have reached a total in excess of 300, but West Indies' quick bowlers fought back at the death. Zimbabwe managed just 63 runs from the last ten overs, losing six wickets in the process.
Holder was particularly impressive, utilising the yorker well to finish with four for 35.
With the bat, West Indies lost Chris Gayle early but were steadied by Hope and Samuels.
Both men started slowly before accelerating through their innings, and eventually their 135-run third-wicket stand tipped the game in West Indies' favour.
"We grafted hard and we felt we had a good total, but I don't think we were sharp enough in the field today," said Taylor.
"We leaked 20 or 30 runs in the field, and that's what hurt us."
Although West Indies' lower order stumbled with the win almost within their grasp, Rovman Powell struck a six in the penultimate over to turn the match decisively in their favour.
Back in 2012, during the Games Developers Conference that year, developer Quantic Dream debuted a graphical tech demo running in real time on a PlayStation 3. It starred Kara, a sophisticated android being built on an assembly line and gaining a form of sentience.
It was simply jaw-dropping considering the console hardware at the time.
Company founder David Cage didn't plan for it to become a game at the time, just a demo. But Kara stayed firmly in his mind over the years as he kept wondering what would have happened to her next.
So, when deciding on Quantic's Dream's first PlayStation 4 game he decided that the continuation of Kara's story would be a perfect fit.
Hence, Detroit: Become Human was born.
It's only Quantic Dream's fifth game in almost two decades and follows a similar interactive adventure format to its immediate predecessors: Heavy Rain and Beyond: Two Souls. But, the developer promises, features more gameplay and control than either. We played the intitial two hours of so of the first act in order to find out what that means.
We loved Heavy Rain, less so Beyond: Two Souls, but both felt more like taking part in an interactive movie than actual adventure games. There were distinct gameplay elements, but we couldn't help feeling that everything was predetermined. Yes, there were branching plot lines that changed depending on our actions, but they were within relatively linear paths. Nothing we did - until each game's conclusion - really seemed to matter that much.
Not so Detroit: Become Human.
It is Quantic Dream's most ambitious project to date, by some distance. There are so many story branches that one game run-through can feel very different to another. And major, playable characters can die in chapters and never be seen again. There is also less reliance on cut-scenes and more interaction, even when simply performing seemingly meaningless tasks.
It is designed so that you feel part of and in control
That's not to say it's not one massive choose your own adventure - a flow chart shown after each chapter proves it - it's just that the level of choice feels greater. Something we discovered in our hands-on play.
You also feel like there is more variety in gameplay through the use of three different characters throughout - as long as you don't lose one along the way, that is. Each is sufficiently different in style and personality to make their sections feel different, even when the gameplay mechanics are repeated. And as their stories intertwine down the line, you feel even more that your actions with one are directly linked with the outcomes of another.
The game starts with you in control of Connor, an android that has been designed to be smarter and more advanced than the general models available to the general public.
Indeed, all of the playable characters are androids in the 2038 near-future version of Detroit, but while Kara and Markus end up breaking out of their programming (for reasons you discover in the first couple of hours play), Connor is an authoritarian figure - a cop who is tasked with seeking out and arresting or eliminating malfunctioning counterparts.
Yep, Blade Runner is clearly an inspiration, as are the works of Asimov, but Quantic Dream has also added its own twist to the genre tropes. Connor can decide which is the best action to take in a given situation, even at the cost of his own life and this often presents many choices of gameplay style to the player. We suggest you try not to, but you can even kill him off in the prologue before the titles have rolled - and then he'll not appear in the rest of the game.
Markus is an android tasked with looking after an aged, disabled artist and hasn't a bad circuit in his head until an alarming incident sees him break out of his strict programming and become an integral member of the Deviants resistance movement Connor was designed to destroy.
And then there is Kara, the android who started the entire ball rolling. She is a domestic servant in a troubled household, who also breaks her programming but for a very different reason to Markus.
We don't want to give away too many spoilers, but act one shifts between them in quick bursts to give you a general idea of the plot going forward. It also sets the tone well, making it clear that, while humankind built the machines in the first place to perform menial tasks, it resents their presence for the self-same reasons - hence the need for rebellion.
But Detroit: Become Human is a thriller more than an exercise in social commentary and we can't help but feel we only scratched the surface in our first play. The most amount of action we encountered was during the domestic violence sequence that caused much controversy when used to trail the game during Paris Games Week.
As we can attest, that outing was seen out of context and when actually played it comes across as a very different, still alarming but more relevant set piece. If you make similar choices to us, you will end up in a quicktime style fight, with button presses based on prompts deciding on the outcome. That might disappoint some but it's par for the course for this sort of game.
1/55 Quantic Dream/Sony Interactive Entertainment
Where Detroit is different to others is that it also adopts a more forensic clue system in the game. You can wander around locations, performing set and optional tasks, but all the while searching for items and objects that can give you more options down the line. Find a gun in a drawer, for example, and later you will be able to hunt it down during a more panicky moment.
If you didn't find it originally, you won't have it available to you later. This gives you more cause to explore your surroundings, mo matter which character you are playing as at the time.
Connor uses clues and forensic studies more than the other two as it's in his very nature, but it's a trait they all share.
We particularly like other game mechanics that make sense simply because you are controlling androids. Freezing time to survey where you need to head next makes sense because it feels like your character's programming. Or rewinding and replaying historical crime scenes (a la the Batman Arkham series) feels like running software through your analytical brain.
We're sure there will be much more to it further into the game, but it felt right from our time spent so far.
We also like the previously mentioned flow chart as it shows branches of the story tree you might have missed, different endings you could have reached and you can even choose to go back to specific moments to start from that point again if you want to change your decisions.
We might not have played the final build of Detroit: Become Human but the version we had looked stunning running on a PS4 Pro. 4K and HDR really shone through, although we're not sure if the former is checkerboard at this moment. We expect so.
The world feels living and breathing and, if there are any cut scenes, they are interspersed so well that you don't notice any change in graphical fidelity.
The motion capture and facial modelling are particularly impressive. And even eyes move realistically - something few games manage adequately.
Price when reviewed:
Check current price
'Annabelle' Sequel Shines as Summer 2017 Box Office Continues to Fade
August 13, 2017
It's a great weekend for Warner Bros. which saw Annabelle: Creation, the latest installment in the Conjuring franchise, top the box office with $35 million while Dunkirk topped $150 million domestically. However, fellow new releases struggled to give the box office much of a jolt as the top twelve brought in a combined $103.8 million, down 6% compared to last weekend and the fourth lowest weekend of 2017. Overall, the summer movie season is still down 12% compared to last year.
With an estimated $35 million, Annabelle: Creation opened at the top of the weekend box office, delivering nearly $24 million more than the weekend runner-up. This is the fourth feature in the Conjuring franchise which continues to deliver each time out. Carrying a budget of just $15 million this is also a great outing for director David F. Sandberg whose Lights Out performed very well for WB just last year, bringing in $67.2 million on a $5 million budget, and coming up he's said to be directing Shazam! for WB and New Line.
Opening weekend demos for Annabelle: Creation shows the film played to an audience that was 52% female vs. 48% male with 54% of the audience coming in at 25 years or older. The film received a "B" CinemaScore, which is open par with the first film and behind the "A-" received by both of the first two Conjuring releases.
Internationally the film brought in an estimated $35 million from 39 markets for an overseas cume totaling $36.7 million. Highlights include a $6.6 million in South Korea, France saw a $2.9 million opening, $2.6 million debut in the UK, Russia opened with $2.3 million, and $1.8 million in Australia. Looking ahead, the film opens in Brazil and Mexico next week followed by Germany a week later and Spain and Japan in October.
GET MORE: Compare all four films from the Conjuring franchise side-by-side!
WB's Dunkirk finished in second with an estimated $11.4 million bringing the film's domestic cume to $153.7 million after 24 days in release. Internationally the film added an estimated $14.5 million bringing its overseas total to $210 million for a global cume that now stands at $363.6 million. The film has still yet to hit theaters in Italy, China and Japan.
Finishing in third with a mere $8.9 million is Open Road's The Nut Job 2: Nutty by Nature. Playing in 4,003 theaters this is the worst opening for a film playing in over 4,000 theaters by almost $16 million. It was only a couple weekends ago where The Emoji Movie held the record with $24.5 million from 4,075 theaters and before that it was The Mummy with a $31.7 million debut from 4,035 theaters. These are hardly the kinds of records any film wants to be setting. The Nut Job 2 received a "B+" CinemaScore from opening day audiences.
Sony's The Dark Tower dipped down to fourth position in its second weekend, falling 59% and bringing in an estimated $7.87 million for a domestic cume that now totals $34.3 million. Internationally the film added $7.9 million for an overseas cume of $19.3 million and a global cume of $53.6 million.
Rounding out the top five is the aforementioned Emoji Movie, which dipped 45% this weekend for an estimated $6.6 million. The film's domestic cume now stands at $63.5 million after 17 days in release. Internationally the film brought in an estimated $14.1 million this weekend from 42 markets for an international cume of $33.6 million. Upcoming markets include Russia next weekend followed by Brazil in late August, Australia, Italy and France.
Finishing just outside the top five is Universal's Girls Trip, the highest grossing live-action comedy of 2017 with an estimated $6.5 million weekend and a domestic cume that now totals $97.1 million. The film will top the century mark later this week.
And finding its way into the top ten is Lionsgate's release of The Glass Castle, which finished a bit higher than Mojo's forecast, but still came in below industry expectations with an estimated $4.87 million from 1,461 theaters for an average of $3,337 per location. The film played well to audiences, which were 80% female and 76% 25 years or older and received an "A-" CinemaScore.
Outside the top ten, a major highlight is Edgar Wright's Baby Driver topping $100 million domestically with an estimated $1.47 million this weekend. This is Wright's highest grossing domestic release by nearly $70 million and is $5+ million more than the combined gross for all four of his previous releases. Internationally, the film is up to $66.7 million after adding another $6 million this weekend from 47 markets and it still has release dates set for Japan next weekend followed by Russia, China, Italy and South Korea.
Further down the chart, Paramount's continued expansion of Al Gore's An Inconvenient Sequel: Truth to Power isn't having the same impact as the original. The film increased its theater count to 556 (+376) over its third weekend and saw a 17% drop, bringing in an estimated $800,000 for a domestic cume that now totals $2.3 million. Comparatively, the first tim didn't reach 500+ theaters until its fifth weekend during which it brought in over $2 million on its way to a $24.1 million domestic run.
The Weinstein Co.'s Wind River also expanded this weekend into 45 theaters (+41) and jumped nearly 300% compared to last weekend, bringing in an estimated $642,067 ($14,268 PTA).
In limited release, Reliance debuted Toilet: Ek Prem Katha into 175 locations where it brought in an estimated $709,420 ($4,054 PTA). Meanwhile, Well Go was busy releasing two new titles including the South Korean drama A Taxi Driver, which opened to an estimated $332,000 on 41 screens for an $8,098 per screen average and Once Upon a Time, the fantasy romance from China based on the best-selling novel "Three Lives, Three Worlds: Ten Miles of Peach Blossoms", which debuted with an estimated $256,500 on 51 screens for a $5,029 per-screen average.
Neon debuted Ingrid Goes West into three theaters where it brought in an estimated $141,216 for a chart-topping $47,072 per theater average. Ingrid stars Elizabeth Olsen and Aubrey Plaza and will expand over the coming weekends.
Right behind Ingrid when it comes to theater averages was A24's Good Time, which brought in an estimated $137,625 from four NY and LA theaters for a $34,406 per theater average. The crime thriller, which stars Robert Pattinson, will expand into several top markets next weekend, ahead of a national expansion on August 25.
Roadside's release of Amazon's The Only Living Boy in New York debuted in 15 theaters where it brought in an estimated $57,619 for a $3,841 per theater average.
Additionally, IFC released The Trip to Spain, the third film in Steve Coogan and Rob Brydon's Trip franchise, which opened with $45,306 from three locations ($15,102 PTA), which is down compared to the limited openings for the first two films, which both went on to gross over $2 million with 2014's The Trip to Italy reaching $2.8 million. The film did, however show an increase from Friday to Saturday, suggesting solid word of mouth, which IFC will be hoping for with the film expanding into the top 15 markets next weekend followed by a further expansion over Labor Day weekend.
Next weekend sees the release of a pair of action comedies in Lionsgate and Summit's release of The Hitman's Bodyguard and Bleecker's release of Logan Lucky as the two studios hope there is enough audience to go around in a very slow marketplace.
You can check out all of this weekend's estimated results right here and we'll be updating our charts with weekend actuals on Monday afternoon.
Discuss this story with fellow Box Office Mojo fans on Facebook. On Twitter, follow us at @boxofficemojo and author Brad Brevet at @bradbrevet.
Grandma is reluctant to share her title with boyfriend's mom
Dear Abby: My granddaughter, “Emily,” is 13. I have been very involved with her all her life. My daughter, “Ginger,” is divorced and has had a boyfriend, “Greg,” for about three years, but there has been no talk of marriage. Greg's mother has told Emily to call her “Grandma.” Emily is OK with that, but it hurt my feelings, Abby. I feel that Greg's mother should realize she's using a title that's not hers. I realize she's trying to make Emily feel like part of their family, but to me, this is MY title, not hers. She has known Emily for three years, and while she's nice to her, I'm the one who has been doing grandma duties for 12 years — not her. To me, she should be called something special but not “Grandma.” How do I cope with this? Shouldn't the other “grandma” have realized she's pushing herself into the position of the real grandma?
Hurt Grandma in California
Dear Hurt: You are taking this too personally. If Greg's mother wasn't hoping her son would marry your daughter, she would not be “embracing” Emily the way she has. Your granddaughter does not love this woman more than she do you. Whether Greg's mother “should” realize she's treading on thin ice is something I cannot conjecture. However, I'm sure she didn't do this to annoy you. If you bring this up with her, you WILL annoy HER, which will likely annoy her son and your daughter, so I advise against it. I'm betting that eventually she will become an official grandma — however, if that doesn't happen, your problem will be solved because she'll be history.
Dear Abby: My husband's horrible sisters have invited themselves to our home in Florida. They hate me. One's husband sexually assaulted me five years ago. When I had her come and get him (he was drunk), she accused me of making it up! (Abby, she saw it happen.) The other sister has never invited us over for dinners or special events. She's extremely obese and will break our furniture if she sits on it. We are in our 70s, live modestly and can't afford this selfish intrusion. My husband says, “But they're my sisters!” Please help me get out of this.
Looking for Peace
Dear Looking: I'll try. You and your husband are not joined at the hip. No law says you must be there. Yes, they are his sisters, so he can visit them in THEIR homes, without you. 'Nuff said?
Dear Abby: I have a friend whose father recently passed away. Her mother passed away eight years ago. Everything was paid for — all funeral arrangements and anything else you can think of. She's wondering what to do with the money she received in the cards people sent her. Have Masses? Donate it to charity? Her sibling took some of the cards from her mom's funeral and applied the money toward a vacation. My friend just wants to do the right thing. What is the right thing?
Wants to Do What's Right
Dear Wants: If the money isn't needed for expenses, it is the recipient's to do with as she (or he) wishes. However, a thoughtful and respectful thing to do would be for your friend to donate it to a charity her father supported, or toward research into a cure for the disease that took his life.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Hinchingbrooke Hospital is urging people not to visit A&E unless they really need to as the number of people attending the department has resulted in long waits for patients.
Despite the best efforts of the A&E teams, the hospital said patients are waiting much longer than usual to be assessed and treated, which has been compounded by a significant number of patients attending for treatment 'who could have sought medical help from other NHS services'.
Phil Walmsley, chief operating officer at Hinchingbrooke Hospital, said: “Like many hospitals in the region, we have seen a real peak in demand over the festive period.
"It's at these times we especially need people to make the right decision about where best to choose their place of treatment.
"We have had a significant number of attendances where people did not need A&E care and they could have been seen faster at a walk-in centre, or even sought advice from their local pharmacist.
“Our concern is that those patients might prevent our clinicians from seeing a patient with more urgent needs in a timely way.
"It is vital that people understand when to use A&E and when to try other services.”
Addenbrooke's is also urging Cambridge residents not to turn up at A&E unless it was absolutely necessary.
A spokesman for the hospital said at around 1pm on Monday, January 2 there were 70 patients waiting to be seen and they could expect to be waiting around four hours.
The warning comes as nearby Peterborough City Hospital declared a "Critical lnternal Incident" due to high demand for treatment.
Alternative NHS services which may be able to treat your condition:
Pharmacy: Your pharmacy can provide confidential, expert advice and treatment for a range of common illnesses and complaints without having to wait for a GP appointment.
NHS111: This service has been introduced to make it easier for you to access local NHS healthcare services in England. NHS 111 is an easy way to get the right help, whatever the time. NHS 111 is available 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. Calls are free.
Your GP: Can help as they have trained professionals who can advise you. This is particularly important if you suffer from an underlying health condition. Dealing with illness early can prevent any trips to hospital.
Walk-in centres: Walk-in centres can be used for minor injuries and ailments.
NEW DELHI: The counting of votes for bypolls to four Lok Sabha seats and 10 assembly seats has begun on Thursday. The polling was conducted on May while the re-polling was held on May 30.
The Lok Sabha constituencies where votes are being counted are Kairana (Uttar Pradesh), Bhandara-Gondia and Palghar (Maharashtra) and Nagaland parliamentary constituency while the 10 assembly seats are Palus Kadegaon (Maharashtra), Noorpur (Uttar Pradesh), Jokihat (Bihar), Gomia and Silli (Jharkhand), Chengannur (Kerala), Ampati (Meghalaya), Shahkot (Punjab), Tharali (Uttarakhand) and Maheshtala (West Bengal).
WATCH the Live streaming of by-election results here
A positive outcome is necessary for the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) to maintain its majority in the Lok Sabha. The results will also test the mettle of a united opposition with that of Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
The Maheshtala seat in West Bengal, which was held by the Trinamool Congress (TMC), fell vacant as MLA Kasturi Das died in February. He too had represented the constituency twice.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
College applications can be a little overwhelming, and that's not even mentioning the money side of it!
It's a reality that a lot of students face alone, but what if we told you there was a way to get all the help they would need all with the push of a button.
Enter DFW native EJ Carrion who is now in the business of helping teens reach their full potential.
"Student Success Agency is a mobile mentoring program where we pit near peer premium college students into high school students` pockets to help them through the college process," says Carrion.
Just like all of the ride sharing or the dating apps out there, students can now use their phone to get all the help they need. It'll cost them $65 a month.
SS has about 200 mentors, or agents, and more than 3,500 students involved in high schools across the country. But that`s not all. They also help students get the money they need.
"A lot of our work is through a grant, a federal grant called GEARUP, Gaining Early Awareness and Readiness for Undergraduate Programs. A federal grant to help low income students get into college," he says.
It probably comes as no surprise, many students and parents alike have no idea how much money is available for them.
And there`s another problem that Carrion saw growing up.
"I was a Bill Gates Millennium Scholar, the first in my family to go to college, and it was because I had a good relationship with my school counselor. But I was lucky to have that relationship. Counselors care, they`re passionate, they`re just overbooked. There`s one counselor to every 500 students so the average student gets 38 minutes a year to work on their college process."
Student Kendall Montoya, who`s now at Utah State University, says it wasn`t just about getting help on what to do or how to do it.
"The biggest problem that I think that I had and I know others of my peers like, other students, is actually taking time to apply ourselves to do it," says Montoya. "My agent, her name is Nisha, she wasn`t just someone I turned to for school advice, she was a friend to me as well."
It`s probably safe to say, we could all use a push and extra friend now and again.
When senior APSU physics major, Deborah Gulledge is not sewing as her hobby, she is immersed into the world of astronomy and what is out there to find in space.
Gulledge said she has loved astronomy ever since she was young, and her father spoke to her about outer space and physics. She said she built her dreams from there.
“My end goal is I really want to be an astronaut. It is a hard goal to work for, but I am going to try anyways,” Gulledge said. “I just accepted a Ph.D. position at Georgia State University and I am really excited about that because with my research I could go to Antartica.”
She calls it a cliché but Gulledge has had an interest in outer space since she was a child and she never lost that passion.
Her love for space and its mysteries brought her to APSU to study physics, the closest thing to an astronomy major offered.
“The fact that the universe is so big, and it is crazy to me that there is so much out there to learn about,” Gulledge said. “I really do like physics, and I was surprised that I did. It helped me learn a lot of problem-solving skills that I didn't have before.”
Gulledge has taken many trips for astronomy through APSU and gained more knowledge on her passion. She even took a trip to Chile.
“It definitely reinforced how much I love astronomy. Passions kind of die if you don't keep working with them, and I've gotten to go to really beautiful places like Arizona and Chile. The sky is so different and much prettier out there,” Gulledge said.
During these trips Gulledge has studied at national observatories and collected data on the images of stars, running the Gemini telescope.
This is one of the largest telescopes in the world and she learned new data gathering skills.
“It helped me see that I am in the right place and I am doing what I am supposed to be doing,” Gulledge said.
Gulledge mentioned that her family had a lot to do with keeping her inspired to keep following her dreams.
“I want to say thanks to my mom because my dad passed away when I was really young, and she raised my sister and me. I wouldn't be here today without her help,” Gulledge said. “Wanting to be an astronaut is definitely one of the biggest dreams there is, and my mom was always telling me I could do it, not to give up on what I want to do.”
Through her studies and experiences Gulledge said that the advice she can give other students is to just ask questions and put themselves out there.
“I advise people to just go out and ask questions about trips, research and more because that is how you get things started. A lot of people don't know about the things that are available to them until they ask,” Gulledge said.
(CBS Detroit/AP) – Amazon is turning the trunk of your car into a mailbox. The tech giant has launched a new service that delivers packages to the trunks of cars for free.
The service is exclusvely available to Amazon Prime members with 2015 year or newer Chevrolet, Buick, GMC or Cadillac vehicles with GM's OnStar connected-car service, and those with a 2015 or newer Volvo vehicle with an active Volvo On Call account.
The Amazon key app uses a camera and smart lock so Prime members have the option to have deliveries put inside their home or car.
There are some restrictions on what can be delivered. Amazon says, the items can't be too heavy, big or expensive and nothing from a third-party source.
For now the service is available in 37 cities. Click here to see if your area is eligible.
© 2018 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report.
© Hannah Mckay / Reuter
Defence Secretary Gavin Williamson has stood his ground after the 'hug a jihadi' crowd slammed his comments saying they should be wiped out.Williamson recently told the Daily Mail : "Quite simply, my view is a dead terrorist can't cause any harm to Britain."We should do everything we can do to destroy and eliminate that threat."His comments were, such as LibDem Defence spokesman Lord Campbell, who said Williamson's comments were "ill-considered and appear to endorse a clear breach of humanitarian law".Labour MP Dan Jarvis said the comments were "morally, legally and practically wrong".Williamson hit back, saying: "The British people want to make sure that our streets are safe, the British people are incredibly proud of our Armed Forces, the work they do - making sure that the people who are a threat to this country are not able to continue to threaten this country.""That's what the British people want to know that their Government is doing. That is what we will continue to do," he added.His comments were endorsed by Colonel Richard Kemp, the former commander of UK troops in Afghanistan, who said:It's like living in the Twilight Zone when senior figures care more about rights of jihadis than keeping our streets safe!
JOHANNESBURG - The advantages of proper tax planning in a well-structured trust are clearly defined in the tax legislation. Even minor beneficiaries can enjoy tax-friendly distributions. Estate planners use the following principles in structuring their financial affairs to enjoy maximum benefit:
Conduit Principle, but subject to anti-avoidance provisions
Unlike companies or close corporations, the trustees can decide to pay the income tax (45percent) or capital gains tax (36percent) in the hands of the trust or distribute the tax liability to the beneficiaries at their marginal rate of tax (income tax 18percent to 45percent or capital gains tax 7.2percent to 18percent), thereby paying much less tax.
Income and capital gains generated within the trust can be distributed to the beneficiaries where they will be paying tax based on their personal income tax rates.
Any income or capital gain paid to or vesting in a beneficiary will be taxed in the hands of that beneficiary.
The Income Tax Act goes even further, giving trustees the power to vest purely capital growth in a beneficiary, without awarding any assets to the beneficiary. The caveat is that the growth awarded then becomes part of the estate of the beneficiary.
The conduit principle also applies to the source of income from a trust. Dividends, which are tax-free, remain tax-free as they pass through the trust to a beneficiary.
Distributions therefore retain their nature for tax purposes, provided they are distributed in the same tax year that the trust received them; otherwise they will be taxable in the trust.
Many trusts empower the trustees to award income and capital gains from different sources to different beneficiaries, which creates good planning opportunities.
So, for example, dividend income can be awarded to one beneficiary, and interest income can be awarded to another.
Consider the opportunity to award interest income (which is taxable) to children with no other source of income (and are not yet paying any taxes), and the dividend income (on which no further taxes are payable) to parents with other sources of income (and already paying tax at the 45percent marginal tax rate).
There may be circumstances where it is necessary to create a trust that retains all of its income, resulting in it paying tax at punitively high rates.
In these circumstances, it is best to rather invest the trust capital in endowments, equities and preference shares, which pay after-tax or tax-free dividends, so as to make the receipts in the trust non-taxable.
Bear in mind that once the trustees distribute large amounts of income and/or capital gains to beneficiaries in order to save tax, the estates of these beneficiaries will be inflated in value, and estate duty will become payable on their death on any amounts distributed, plus any growth thereof.
Donation
Bear in mind, the Income Tax Act contains specific anti-avoidance provisions, which will tax such distributions in the donor's/funder's hands if a donation or a soft loan was made to the trust by him/her, and income was generated as a result of this donation or soft loan.
Similarly, capital gains made by the trust are attributable to the person who made a donation or interest-free loan to the trust.
This means that during the donor's/funder's lifetime, the capital gain is taxable in his/her hands at his/her rate of tax, and not at the higher rate attributed to trusts.
This is actually a beneficial provision because it saves tax.
This amount of income tax has to be claimed back from the trust by the donor/funder, otherwise it will be deemed a donation to the trust, on which Donations Tax will be payable (20percent).
Section 91(4) of the Income Tax Act states that “so much of any tax payable by any person as it is due to the inclusion in his income of any income deemed to have been received by him or to be his income, as the case may be, in terms of subsection (3), (4), (5) or (6) of section seven, may be recovered from the assets by which the income so included was produced”.
If after the death of the donor/funder of the trust the higher capital gains tax cannot be avoided (as the trust may become liable for tax after the donor's/funder's death), the trustees must ensure that they delay the payment of capital gains tax until they are able to make an award to a beneficiary in terms of the conduit principle.
Alternatively, by investing in unit trusts, rather than a bespoke portfolio of shares, trustees can delay capital gains tax until they sell the units, leaving the unit trust manager to switch the underlying shares at will, without attracting capital gains tax on each sale.
Splitting
Trustees can use the conduit principle and distribute income to various beneficiaries, who do not earn enough to pay tax. Individuals who earn up to R78150 income per year do not pay tax. Trust income can therefore be split among a number of beneficiaries who earn up to this threshold, resulting in them paying no or very little tax on trust income.
By using the trust as a conduit, the trustees can pay the school fees of the grandchildren of the donor/funder (the person who donated the income-bearing assets to the trust, or who sold the income-bearing assets to the trust at interest-free or soft loans) and have the income taxed in the grandchildrens' hands.
Liability
Each grandchild will not be liable for tax until his/her income exceeds R78150. The same principle applies to distributions to children, as long as the income-generating assets were not donated or sold at an interest-free or soft loan to the trust by the parent, as this will trigger the anti-avoidance provision discussed above.
The same is true for the major children of the donor/funder and for the minor children of a deceased donor/funder. For each child receiving R78150 per annum, a tax saving of R35167.50 (R78150 x 45percent) will be achieved.
So if you distribute R78150 to five of these qualifying people, you will save R175837.50 (R35167.50 x 5) in tax.
Although income splitting is a great tax planning tool, be mindful of the anti-avoidance provisions, where the parents may be taxed on trust income in the event that they have donated these income-generating assets to the trust, or sold it to the trust on an interest-free or soft loan.
Donations Tax
Assets in a trust can be distributed to the trust beneficiaries without incurring Donations Tax.
If, during your lifetime, you wish to assist a child in purchasing a property, the trust can distribute trust capital (the assets that the trust owns and any retained income on which the trust already paid tax) to the child, without having to pay Donations Tax.
If you used your own funds to contribute towards the house, you would be liable for Donations Tax (at 20percent) on so much of the donation as exceeds R100000 (the annual Donations Tax exemption applicable to individuals) for that tax year.
If, for example, you donate R1million to your child to purchase a house, you will be liable for R180000 Donations Tax (R1m - R100k) x 20percent.
Although there remain tax advantages using a trust, it should never be the motivating factor for registering a trust.
The South African Revenue Service is taking a very close look at trusts and the abuse thereof, so unless one can commercially justify why certain transactions were done by a trust, it will be attacked.
Phia van der Spuy is the founder of Trusteeze.
The views expressed here are not necessarily those of Independent Media.
- BUSINESS REPORT
Charlottesville driver previously accused of beating mother
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. (AP) — The driver charged with killing a woman at a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville was previously accused of beating his mother and threatening her with a knife, according to police records released Monday.
Samantha Bloom, who is disabled and uses a wheelchair, repeatedly called police about her son, James Alex Fields Jr., in 2010 and 2011, telling officers he was on medication to control his temper, transcripts from 911 calls show.
Fields, 20, is accused of ramming his car into a crowd of counter-protesters on Saturday in Charlottesville, killing 32-year-old Heather Heyer.
Fields, described by a former high school teacher as an admirer of Adolf Hitler and Nazi Germany, was charged with second-degree murder.
A judge denied him bail Monday after the public defender's office said it couldn't represent him because a relative of someone in the office was injured in Saturday's protest.
___
Protesters topple Confederate statue in North Carolina
DURHAM, N.C. (AP) — Protesters in North Carolina toppled a nearly century-old statue of a Confederate soldier Monday at a rally against racism.
Activists in Durham brought a ladder up to the statue and used a rope to pull down the Confederate Soldiers Monument that was dedicated in 1924. A diverse crowd of dozens cheered as the statue of a soldier holding a rifle fell to the ground in front of an old courthouse building that now houses local government offices.
Seconds after the monument fell, protesters began kicking the crumpled bronze monument.
“I was a little bit shocked people could come here and come together like that,” said Isaiah Wallace, who is black.
Wallace said he watched as others toppled the statue. He hopes other Confederate symbols elsewhere will follow.
___
White nationalists: Charlottesville just a beginning
BIRMINGHAM, Ala. (AP) — Emboldened and proclaiming victory after a bloody weekend in Virginia, white nationalists are planning more demonstrations to promote their agenda following the violence that left a woman dead and dozens injured.
The University of Florida said white provocateur Richard Spencer, whose appearances sometimes stoke unrest, is seeking permission to speak there next month. And white nationalist Preston Wiginton had said he was planning a “White Lives Matter” rally at Texas A&M University in September, but the university later said it had been canceled.
Also, a neo-Confederate group has asked the state of Virginia for permission to rally at a monument to Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee in Richmond on Sept. 16, and other events are likely.
“We're going to be more active than ever before,” Matthew Heimbach, a white nationalist leader, said Monday.
James Alex Fields Jr., a young man who was said to idolize Adolf Hitler and Nazi Germany in high school, was charged with killing a woman by slamming a car into a group of counter-protesters at a white nationalist rally Sunday in Charlottesville, Virginia.
___
10 Things to Know for Tuesday
Your daily look at late-breaking news, upcoming events and the stories that will be talked about Tuesday:
1. SOUTH KOREAN LEADER SAYS CRISIS WITH NORTH MUST END PEACEFULLY
Moon Jae-in says that the U.S. cannot make military moves without its consent, and North Korea can create conditions for dialogue if it stops nuclear and missile tests.
1. WHAT POLICE RECORDS REVEAL ABOUT MAN CHARGED WITH CHARLOTTESVILLE KILLING
James Alex Fields Jr. was accused of beating his mother and threatening her with a knife in 2010 and 2011.
___
Both Korean leaders, US signal turn to diplomacy amid crisis
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — Even as North Korea presented leader Kim Jong-un with plans to launch missiles into waters near Guam and “wring the windpipes of the Yankees,” both Koreas and the United States signaled their willingness to avert a deepening crisis Tuesday, with each suggesting a path toward negotiations.
The tentative interest in diplomacy follows unusually combative threats between President Donald Trump and North Korea amid worries that Pyongyang is nearing its long-sought goal of accurately being able to send a nuclear missile to the U.S. mainland. Next week's start of U.S.-South Korean military exercises that enrage the North each year make it unclear, however, if diplomacy will prevail.
During an inspection of the North Korean army's Strategic Forces, which handles the missile program, Kim praised the military for drawing up a “close and careful plan” and said he would watch the “foolish and stupid conduct of the Yankees” a little more before deciding whether to order the missile test, the North's state-run Korean Central News Agency said. Kim appeared in photos sitting at a table with a large map marked by a straight line between what appeared to be northeastern North Korea and Guam, and passing over Japan — apparently showing the missiles' flight route.
The missile plans were previously announced, and Kim said North Korea would conduct the launches if the “Yankees persist in their extremely dangerous reckless actions on the Korean Peninsula and its vicinity” and that the United States should “think reasonably and judge properly” to avoid shaming itself, the news agency said.
Lobbing missiles toward Guam, a major U.S. military hub in the Pacific, would be a deeply provocative act from the U.S. perspective, and a miscalculation on either side could lead to a military clash. U.S. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said the United Sates would take out any such missile seen to be heading for American soil and declared any such North Korean attack could mean war.
___
Bowing to pressure, Trump denounces hate groups by name
WASHINGTON (AP) — Bowing to pressure from right and left, President Donald Trump condemned white supremacist groups by name on Monday, declaring “racism is evil” after two days of public equivocation and internal White House debate over the deadly race-fueled clashes in Charlottesville, Virginia.
In a hastily arranged statement at the White House, Trump branded members of the KKK, neo-Nazis and white supremacists who take part in violence as “criminals and thugs.”
The groups are “repugnant to everything that we hold dear as Americans,” he said.
In his initial remarks on the violence Saturday, Trump did not single out the groups and instead bemoaned violence on “many sides.” Those remarks prompted stern criticism from fellow Republicans as well as Democrats, who urged him to seize the moral authority of his office to condemn hate groups.
Trump's softer statement on Saturday had come as graphic images of a car plowing into a crowd in Charlottesville were playing continually on television. White nationalists had assembled in the city to protest plans to take down a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee, and counter-protesters gathered in opposition. Fights broke out, and then a man drove into the opponents of the white supremacists. One woman was killed and many more badly hurt. Twenty-year-old James Alex Fields Jr. of Ohio is charged with second-degree murder and other counts.
___
Analysis: Trump's slow walk to condemning white supremacists
WASHINGTON (AP) — It took President Donald Trump two days to do what both Republicans and Democrats said should have come fast and easy.
In his carefully worded statement Monday, Trump condemned members of the Ku Klux Klan, neo-Nazis and white supremacists as “repugnant.” He vowed that his administration would crack down on those who perpetrate “racist violence.” He called for national unity.
It was the type of statement Americans have come to expect from their presidents after racially charged incidents, like the deadly violence that erupted Saturday in Charlottesville, Virginia. But Trump struggled mightily to meet the moment, glaringly omitting any direct condemnation of white supremacists in his initial comments on the incident and decrying bigotry “on many sides.”
As the most unconventional president in modern American history, Trump has at times thrived off low expectations. He is often cheered by Republicans when he fulfills basic functions of the office. And GOP lawmakers in particular have often tried to explain away his missteps as a function of his lack of experience in Washington and politics.
But he has found himself with few allies after his botched handling of the Charlottesville violence. Several Republicans challenged Trump directly to be more strident in calling out white nationalists and neo-Nazis. Colorado Sen. Cory Gardner said the president needed to “step up” and call the groups “evil.”
___
US WWII vet in Japan to return flag to fallen soldier family
HIGASHISHIRAKAWA, Japan (AP) — The former U.S. Marine knew the calligraphy-covered flag he took from a fallen Japanese soldier 73 years ago was more than a keepsake of World War II. It was a treasure that would fill a void for the dead man's family. But Marvin Strombo did not know how deep that void was.
The flag he is to hand over to Sadao Yasue's younger brother Tatsuo and his relatives Tuesday will be the first trace of their brother. The Japanese authorities only gave them a wooden box containing a few rocks, a substitution for the remains that have never been found.
Strombo has said he also wanted to tell the family his observation of their brother at the scene.
Strombo, 93, who was part of an elite scout-sniper platoon fighting a 1944 battle on Saipan, spotted a dead Japanese soldier lying on the ground, with something white poking out from his jacket. He could tell it was “something special.” He initially hesitated, but took it because if he didn't someone else would or it may get lost forever. He told the soldier he would return it to his family someday.
The flag's white background is filled with signatures of 180 friends and neighbors in this tea-growing mountain village of Higashishirakawa, wishing Yasue's safe return. “Good luck forever at the battlefield,” a message on it reads. Looking at the names and their handwriting, Yasue clearly recalls their faces and friendship with his brother.
___
Swift justice: Jury takes Taylor's side in groping lawsuit
DENVER (AP) — Four years after Taylor Swift tried to handle her groping allegation against a radio station DJ quietly, the pop superstar got a very public victory Monday with a jury's verdict that she hoped would inspire other women.
Jurors in U.S. District Court in Denver deliberated fewer than four hours to find that ex-radio host David Mueller assaulted and battered Swift during a pre-concert meet-and-greet in June 2013. Per Swift's request, jurors awarded her $1 in damages — a sum her attorney, Douglas Baldridge, called “a single symbolic dollar, the value of which is immeasurable to all women in this situation.”
After Monday's verdict, Swift hugged her crying mom and thanked her attorneys “for fighting for me and anyone who feels silenced by a sexual assault, and especially anyone who offered their support throughout this four-year ordeal and two-year-long trial process.”
“My hope is to help those whose voices should also be heard,” Swift said in a prepared statement, promising to make unspecified donations to groups that help victims of sexual assault.
The six-woman, two-man jury also rejected Mueller's claims that Swift's mother, Andrea Swift, and radio liaison Frank Bell cost him his $150,000-a-year job at country station KYGO-FM, where he was a morning host.
___
Scaramucci: If it were up to me, Bannon would be gone
NEW YORK (AP) — Short-lived White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci says if it were up to him, top adviser Steve Bannon would be gone from President Donald Trump's administration.
But, he notes, “it's not up to me.”
“The Mooch,” a few weeks removed from his spectacular flameout following an expletive-laden conversation with a reporter, appeared Monday on CBS' “Late Show” with Stephen Colbert. Colbert has seen his ratings soar since Trump's inauguration with his relentless comedic attacks.
Colbert showed a picture of Scaramucci former White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus glaring at each other. Scaramucci said there was “no love lost” between the two.
He said he and Priebus got along well when he was writing checks to the Republican National Committee, which Priebus once led.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
McKayla Maroney is speaking out about the abuse she suffered.
McKayla Maroney is speaking out about the abuse she suffered.
MCKAYLA Maroney recalled being "naked on a bed" while Larry Nassar was laying on top of her and molesting her inside a hotel room in 2011 - an incident the gymnast said she reported to her coach and teammates.
The Olympic gold medallist, who retired from gymnastics in 2016, told US TV network NBC's Dateline she thought she "was going to die" when she was being sexually abused in a Tokyo hotel room in October 2011.
"That was the scariest night," Maroney, 22, said in the interview. "He went, like, overboard that night."
Maroney - who said Nassar abused her "hundreds" of times - recalled initially being in the hotel room with teammates Aly Raisman, Jordyn Wieber, a trainer and Nassar. But they eventually all left, leaving Maroney by herself with the disgraced team doctor.
"(It) was very, very hard for me not to acknowledge the fact that … this was not treatment. I was being abused," the gymnast recalled. "I was bawling, naked on a bed, him on top of me.
"I thought I was going to die. It was escalating."
Maroney said she felt "the dark part" of Nassar take over that night.
"When he was done, I was so happy that I could walk away from that. I felt like I just escaped something," she said.
Aly Raisman (L), Gabby Douglas and McKayla Maroney (R) all accused Larry Nassar of sexual assault.
Maroney said she brought up the incident the next day during a car ride with USA Gymnastics coach John Geddert and other gymnasts and she "said this loud".
Three gymnasts backed Maroney's account to NBC. Aly Raisman, who also won gold at the 2012 Olympics, said her teammate "basically described in graphic detail what Nassar had done to her the night before."
However, Raisman said Geddert "was in the car and just said nothing". This was the moment that hit Maroney hardest.
"That was the moment that I shut it down," Maroney said. "In my head, I was never gonna speak about (Nassar) again. And I was just gonna go along with it."
USA gymnastics denied knowing about the conversation Maroney described. The organisation had said they were unaware about Nassar's abuse until 2015.
Bela and Martha Karolyi, former co-ordinators and coaches for USA Gymnastics, also told the network they didn't know about Nassar's abuse and denied creating an environment for the since-convicted doctor to assault the young gymnasts.
"I feel extremely bad," Martha Karolyi said. "I don't feel responsible, but I feel extremely hurt that these things happened and it happened everywhere but it happened here, also."
Nassar has been sentenced to 40 to 175 years in prison for sex crimes. Maroney was one of more than 140 girls and women, including fellow Olympic gymnasts Raisman, Gabby Douglas and Simone Biles, who have come forward and accused Nassar of abuse.
Maroney said she was speaking out now to let others know there was no action taken even after she told someone about the assault six years ago.
"I'm appalled, I'm disgusted. I'm so upset that this happened for so long when there were so many signs and red flags," she said.
This article originally appeared on Fox News and was republished with permission.
By all accounts, Elsa and her husband, Ernest, have endured a really bad year of financial struggle, sickness and sorrow.
Elsa, 30, was injured in early 2017 in an auto accident on Interstate 20 when her truck was rear-ended. Her damaged knee required extensive surgery in May.
“I thought it was just soreness,” she explained, “but it turned out to have torn ligaments in the back of my knee.” The long recovery from reconstructive surgery was ongoing when another health crisis occurred.
When the Fort Worth mother applied for Goodfellows help for her son, 8, and daughter, 6, in September, she had been placed on bed rest by her doctor for the duration of a high-risk pregnancy. She lost her job once her protection from the federal Family and Medical Leave Act ran out.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access. SUBSCRIBE NOW
Sadly, Elsa's pregnancy ended in a miscarriage. “I almost lost my life, too,” Elsa said. “They couldn't stabilize my fever, my blood pressure.” A placental infection had spread to Elsa's own bloodstream.
The loss of the child, a boy, affected everyone in the family.
“My son took it the hardest,” she said. “He was so excited because he really wanted a baby brother.
“It was difficult, but the fact that we were able to bury our baby and the children were able to be present for it helped,” Elsa said.
Ernest had also lost his job by that time as he stayed home to tend to Elsa.
“My husband struggles to make ends meet because our expenses were forecast for two working parents and that's no longer the case,” Elsa had written in her Goodfellows application before his job loss. “This program would make things a little easier for our holidays.”
Things are slowly turning around, Elsa said this week. Both she and her husband have started new jobs: his as a delivery driver for a commercial food distributor and hers in the admissions office of a hospital in North Richland Hills.
Her children are already wearing the new shoes that were purchased with their $50 J.C. Penney gift cards.
“I'm a believer in God, and thankfully God was there for me and my family,” Elsa said. “And there were great people like the Goodfellows and others to help us.”
Be a jolly Goodfellow
Since 1912, the Star-Telegram's Goodfellow Fund has provided practical gifts for schoolchildren. Join this tradition by sending a contribution to Goodfellows, Box 1870, Fort Worth, TX 76101. Or go online to goodfellowfund.org and make a secure credit card donation.
LONDON (AP) - Britain's information commissioner plans to apply for a warrant to access the servers of Cambridge Analytica, which allegedly used data mined from Facebook to help Donald Trump win the 2016 presidential election.
Commissioner Elizabeth Denham said in a statement Monday that she would request the warrant because Cambridge Analytica had been uncooperative with her investigation into whether the company illegally acquired and used Facebook data.
"This is a complex and far-reaching investigation for my office and any criminal or civil enforcement actions arising from it will be pursued vigorously," she said.
Denham launched her investigation after weekend reports that Cambridge Analytica improperly used information from more than 50 million Facebook accounts. Facebook has suspended the company from the social network while it investigates the claims.
Facebook said Monday that it has put its own audit of the claims on hold at the request of the U.K. information commissioner.
The New York Times and the U.K.'s Guardian newspaper reported that the U.K.-based company obtained Facebook account data without the users' knowledge and retained it after claiming it had been deleted. Chris Wylie, who once worked for Cambridge Analytica, was quoted as saying the company used the data to build psychological profiles so voters could be targeted with ads and stories.
Cambridge Analytica says the information was acquired from a contractor who was contractually obligated to comply with data-protection laws. None of the data was used in the Trump campaign, the company said.
"I'm not accepting their response so therefore I'll be applying to the court for a warrant," Denham told Britain's Channel 4. "We need to get in there, we need to look at the databases, we need to look at the servers and understand how data was processed or deleted by Cambridge Analytica."
The scandal has also triggered calls for further investigation from the European Union, as well as federal and state officials in the United States.
The head of the EU parliament said Monday that the bloc will investigate Facebook's role in the case.
"Allegations of misuse of Facebook user data is an unacceptable violation of our citizens' privacy rights," Antonio Tajani tweeted. "The European Parliament will investigate fully, calling digital platforms to account."
U.S. Sen. Ron Wyden of Oregon and Connecticut Attorney General George Jepsen, both Democrats, have sought written responses from Facebook. Massachusetts Attorney General Maura Healey, also a Democrat, promised an investigation.
U.K. lawmakers have already called on Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg to testify before a parliamentary committee.
___
Associated Press Writers Nick Jesdanun and Barbara Ortutay in New York contributed to this story
US president Donald Trump spent a considerable amount of time on Tuesday talking about the Central American gang MS-13. Trump uses the gang as the reason ICE needs additional resources and enforcement authority and as a reason to limit the entrance of asylum seekers including women and children from Central America.
The Trump administration has used the MS13 as a bogeyman to draw support for its policy of searching out and deporting more undocumented migrants. The UAC [unaccompanied child migrant]-gang connection is at the heart of the political rhetoric justifying this policy preference.
But the relationship of MS13 to migration is complex.
While there is clearly some communication, coordination and, in some instances, intent to commit criminal acts across borders, there is little to suggest that the migration of members and potential recruits is controlled in a top-down, coordinated fashion. And while there appears to be a disproportionate number of UAC's involved in recent gang activities, they represent a tiny fraction of the total UAC population....
Gang members move for the same reasons that non-gang members move. These push-pull factors range from family and economic reasons to security and legal concerns. Gang members are just as susceptible to these pressures as their compatriots, and migrate for the same, complex variety of reasons that other migrants do.
There is no evidence that gangs determine or finance international migration. While gang experts pushed this idea of coordination and even “coaching,” InSight Crime has not encountered any evidence that gang leaders are making the final determination or financing this migration.
Indeed, migration is normally the domain of the family, an intimate, multi-party decision that has ripple effects across various generations, numerous academic studies show. And while the gang replaces this family in some respects, in others it remains an outsider. Migration appears to be one of those subjects.
Donald Trump doesn't really know much about MS-13. But the investigators atanddo. So it's important to read their recent article Why Trump is Wrong to Blame Migration for MS13 Expansion, Violence at the InsightCrime website.Make no mistake about it. MS-13 gang members are dangerous. They kill and dismember and threaten innocent people who live in the neighborhoods they control. They do this in the US, but their violence is much more a plague on communities in El Salvador. Thousands of migrants are not MS-13 members, but are fleeing to avoid becoming their next victims.The InsightCime article points out that these issues are much more complex than Trump and Jeff Sessions would have you believe:If you really wanted to limit the growth and strength of MS-13, you would not do it with immigration crackdowns argues Sarah Garland in President Trump's Immigration Crackdown Will Only Make the MS-13 Gang Stronger . Instead, she points out, you need to address the underlying causes the gang gets a foothold in marginalized immigrant communities in the US: impoverished neighborhoods with overcrowded, segregated and under-resourced schools struggling to cope with violence. It is the same recipe for El Salvador where the gang problem won't be solved with heavy-handed Mano Dura repression, but with community-focused efforts to address root causes of marginalization.
Report: Prince Harry Invited Obamas To His Wedding And Guess The Orange Fool Who Didn't Get An Invite
Atlanta Falcons safety Quincey Mauger clowns around with defensive end Takkarist McKinley during an NFL football practice Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Flowery Branch, Ga. (Curtis Compton/Atlanta Journal-Constitution via AP)
Atlanta Falcons safety Quincey Mauger clowns around with defensive end Takkarist McKinley during an NFL football practice Wednesday, May 30, 2018, in Flowery Branch, Ga. (Curtis Compton/Atlanta Journal-Constitution via AP)
FLOWERY BRANCH, Ga. (AP) - Matt Ryan barked out a play, took the snap and zipped a pass to the receiver who played his college ball at Alabama.
Nope, it wasn't Julio Jones.
He's sitting out the team's voluntary offseason program. So it was Calvin Ridley - a first-round draft pick from the Crimson Tide - who got a chance to shine during a 90-minute practice Wednesday.
But, for a team with Super Bowl aspirations, it was impossible to ignore the absence of No. 11.
So, where's Julio?
The Falcons say it's no big deal, even as they talk constantly about the importance building camaraderie and trust in each other during the voluntary offseason workouts, a big part of coach Dan Quinn's much-ballyhooed "Brotherhood ."
Jones said his absence has nothing to do with any hard feelings toward the only team he's played with in the NFL, but he's vague about his reasons for staying away and it seems fairly obvious that he's trying to send a message about his desire for a new contract.
While Jones still has three seasons remaining on the last deal he signed - a five-year, $71.3 million extension with $47 million in guaranteed money - his average salary is now less than at least a half-dozen receivers around the league. Most tellingly, recent deals with Tampa Bay's Mike Evans and Cleveland's Jarvis Landry seemed to set a whole new financial bar for the NFL's top pass catchers, a list that certainly includes Jones.
In addition, he surely took note when the Falcons made quarterback Matt Ryan the league's NFL's first $100 million man , agreeing to a new deal that assures the quarterback of at least that much in guaranteed money and could average out to as much as $30 million annually over five seasons.
Rarely flustered, Ryan got a bit testy when asked about missing out on a chance to work with his favorite receiver during OTAs.
"We'll have our chances to work together," the QB said. "I'm not going to go into it more than that. It's not really anybody else's business."
Jones has gone silent on social media and hasn't spoken in months to the Atlanta media, but he did provide some reassuring words to Falcons fans when the gossip site TMZ caught up with him last weekend as he was leaving a swanky restaurant in West Hollywood .
"Everyone wants a story right now. There's no story to be told," Jones insisted. "I'm just working on getting myself better. I'm just working on myself right now. That's all that is. There's no bad blood between me and the team or anything like that."
Jones insisted that he plans to remain with the Falcons for the rest of his career, echoing a sentiment expressed by owner Arthur Blank.
"Everybody on the outside (is) trying to look in and trying to destroy what we built there," Jones said. "I'm not going anywhere. I'll be there. I love the team. I love the organization. I love everybody there. I'm good."
Still, Jones' decision to skip OTAs has been a major topic of conversation around Atlanta, with fans and sports talk radio weighing in almost daily on his future with a team that reached the Super Bowl during the 2016 season and the second round of the playoffs last season.
Everyone can rest easy, Quinn insisted.
Jones has assured his coach that he'll be at the team's mandatory minicamp, which is scheduled for June 12-14.
"The guys who are really close to him, obviously they keep up," Quinn said outside the locker room after practice. "It's not like they don't hang out and talk on the phone and do stuff together. They may not be spending the amount of time here, in the building, that they normally do. But that doesn't mean they don't spend time away from here. So, no issues on our end.
"I know he's working really hard. I've had contact with him, obviously. We can't wait to get him back, here, with the guys. But he's really putting good work in. I think we'll see the results of that work, hopefully soon."
The 29-year-old Jones is a huge weapon in the Falcons' offense , using his rare combination of speed, size and power to shake off constant double-teams. Last season, he had 88 catches for 1,444 yards - his fourth straight season with at least 80 receptions and 1,400 receiving yards. In 2015, he had one of the greatest seasons ever by an NFL receiver - 136 catches (tied for the second most in league history behind Marvin Harrison's 143) and 1,871 yards (surpassed only by Calvin Johnson's record of 1,954) .
Ryan certainly recognizes the bond he has with his favorite receiver.
They've been together since 2011. They won't be any trouble getting back in sync, Ryan said confidently.
As soon as Jones shows up, that is.
"No concern," Ryan said. "He's always been extremely well prepared coming into seasons, going into games. Talk about being on the same page: we've played together for a long time. When he's healthy and he feels good , like he does right now ... it's very easy to get on the same page. He's so talented. So, we're fine."
___
Follow Paul Newberry on Twitter at www.twitter.com/pnewberry1963 . His work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/paul%20newberry
___
For more AP NFL coverage: www.pro32.ap.org and www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
State Troopers are still on scene of a fatal accident between a motorcycle and truck in Townsend. Suchat Pederson, The News Journal
By The Associated Press
All Times EDT
(Home teams listed first)
QUARTERFINALS Monday, July 10
San Jose Earthquakes (MLS) 3, Los Angeles Galaxy (MLS) 2
Tuesday, July 11
Sporting Kansas City (MLS) 3, Dallas (MLS) 0, OT
Wednesday, July 12
Miami (NASL) vs. Cincinnati (USL), ppd., rain
Thursday, July 13
New England Revolution (MLS) 0, New York Red Bulls (MLS) 1
Wednesday, Aug. 2
Miami (NASL) 0, Cincinnati (USL) 1
SEMIFINALS Wednesday, Aug. 9
Sporting Kansas City (MLS) 1, San Jose (MLS) 1, Sporting KC advanced 2-1 on penalty kicks
Tuesday, Aug. 15
Cincinnati (USL) vs. New York Red Bulls (MLS), 8 p.m.
CHAMPIONSHIP
Wednesday, Sept. 20
Sporting Kansas City (MLS) vs. Cincinnati (USL)-New York Red Bulls winner, TBD
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Whatever the motive of the shooter at a congressional baseball practice, some Republicans say that in the era of President Donald Trump, they're being threatened like never before.
They point to a virulent backlash against Trump that they say has gone beyond the bounds of moderate political dissent and — subtly or not — advocates violence.
“I've been saying, ‘What is it going to take for this to get some visibility,'” said Charlie Kirk, a young conservative activist. “And now here we are.”
During a news conference at the shooting scene Wednesday, Virginia Gov. Terry McAuliffe, a Democrat, declined to comment about whether America's political climate could be a factor. But he said, “There's too much, I believe, raw discourse that's pulling people apart.”
The gunman, identified as James T. Hodgkinson, opened fire Wednesday on Republican lawmakers and associates practicing baseball in a Virginia suburb outside Washington. A top House Republican, Steve Scalise of Louisiana, was critically wounded, as were several other people. Trump said the gunman had been killed.
Police haven't stated a motive. But Hodgkinson's strong anti-Republican stances and background as a former volunteer on Bernie Sanders campaign only added to suggestions that the shooting was politically motivated.
Such an assessment could be premature. Some initially attributed the 2011 shooting of Arizona Rep. Gabby Giffords to intense partisanship, though that did not appear to be what motivated the gunman.
But prominent Republicans, including Trump's children, have long been unsettled by the rage against the president. Daughter and White House adviser Ivanka Trump said in a recent television interview that she did not expect the “viciousness” and “ferocity” of her father's critics.
Donald Trump Jr. is among those arguing that “liberal hate speech” leads to violence. He tweeted support for a comment by conservative political consultant Harlan Hill: “Events like today are EXACTLY why we took issue with NY elites glorifying the assassination of our President.”
He was referring to a New York City production of “Julius Caesar” that portrays the assassinated title character looking like Trump in a business suit. That came on the heels of comedian Kathy Griffin posing with a bloodied rendering of Trump's head.
In both cases, there were consequences: lost sponsorships for the theatrical production and CNN dropping Griffin as host of its New Year's Eve special, despite her apology.
Kirk has been chronicling threats that get little attention outside conservative media.
John Griffin, a media arts and animation professor at the Art Institute of Washington, for example, commented on Facebook about the Republican health care plan, saying: “They should be lined up and shot. That's not hyperbole; blood is on their hands.”
When Kirk tweeted about the professor's threat, the University of Georgia chapter of the Young Democratic Socialists, a student group at the Athens campus, wrote, “This is absolutely outrageous! House Republicans should NOT be shot! They should be guillotined.”
Griffin later apologized on Facebook for using “inappropriate” language, but said it spoke to “the fear so many feel right now in this country.” Neither he nor the student group immediately responded to a request for comment Wednesday.
Democrats, in turn, point to Trump's rough language — he has urged on fights at his rallies — as justification for their own. And on Wednesday, House Democratic leader James Clyburn of South Carolina said plenty of Democrats have experienced the level of hatred as Republicans.
“I'm not a Republican. And I've had all kinds of threats against me and my family,” he said. “It's got nothing to do with partisan politics.”
Ben Shapiro, a conservative writer and radio show host, says the violent rhetoric from all viewpoints contributes to “worse politics in general.” But he warns it is a mistake to say that atmospherics causes any one act of violence.
“Yes, that sort of rage culture is destroying the country,” he said. What happened at the ballfield is “a symptom, but it's not the chief symptom.”
This year, lawmakers, particularly Republicans, have experienced rowdy, overflowing town halls that they say border on dangerous.
Rep. Dave Brat, a Virginia Republican, said he has been concerned that security for members is “nothing near what it needs to be.” He said town halls now often include “a thousand people screaming, and it only takes one person off the reservation” to cause a problem.
___
AP writers Jonathan Lemire in New York and Alan Fram in Washington contributed to this report.
11:29 by Luke Tamborinyoka Have your say: Tsvangirai to address the nation on voter registration
President Morgan Tsvangirai will on Sunday have an opportunity to speak to Zimbabweans ahead of the voter registration blitz that kicks off in the country on Tuesday, 10 October 2017.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The hoax bomb threats that led to a number of schools nationally being evacuated were made as part of a gaming feud, according to reports.
Around 9.45am on Monday morning, a number of schools in the county received hoax emails, threatening bomb attacks and demanding cash in return for children's safety.
A number of schools in Gloucestershire were targeted by these threats. Sky News have reported that a feud between rival Minecraft players was behind the threats.
(Image: Library picture)
The emails were spoofed to look like they had been sent by a gaming network known as VeltPvP, according to Sky News.
The malicious emails were designed to result in the domain being suspended for abuse. VeltPvP is a Minecraft player-versus-player server - a type of server run by businesses that sell items in-game to players.
A spokesman for Gloucestershire Constabulary following the hoax threats: "We have received a number of reports of schools receiving emailed bomb threats today, Monday 19 March.
"This appears to be part of a national hoax and our colleagues in other forces are receiving similar reports.
"We are confident that it is a hoax, and not a genuine threat to life.
"Police take hoaxes extremely seriously. They divert police resources and cause disruption and alarm to the public.
"Our advice is not to panic but remain vigilant and carry on with business as usual, report any incidents to police and keep anything which could be used as evidence in the future."
An ice sheet surface twice the size of California melted in one summer in what could become a regular occurrence
The West Antarctic Ice Sheet, a landbound mass of ice larger than Mexico, experienced substantial surface melt through the austral summer of 2015-2016 during one of the largest El Niño events of the past 50 years, according to scientists who had been conducting the first comprehensive atmospheric measurements in the region since the 1960s.
The science team conducting the ARM West Antarctic Radiation Experiment (AWARE) led by researchers at Scripps Institution of Oceanography at the University of California San Diego reports that the melting caused by warm air bearing moisture and extensive cloud cover was likely delivered by El Niño over the ice sheet. Melted snow was spotted over most of the Ross Ice Shelf, a thick platform of floating ice that channels about a third of the ice flowing from the West Antarctic Ice Sheet into the ocean.
The study, "January 2016 extensive summer melt in West Antarctica favoured by strong El Niño," was led by AWARE scientist Julien Nicolas of Ohio State University and appears in the June 15 issue of the journal Nature Communications.
Though clouds can often cool the surface of the planet by reflecting solar radiation back to space, they also trap heat between the cloud deck and the ground. Meteorological data gathered during AWARE found that in this instance, the latter effect was the more influential.
The finding of this joint U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) and National Science Foundation-funded project is of interest, said the scientists, because El Niño events are expected to become more common if planetary warming trends continue since surface melt enhances ice sheet instability already caused by warm ocean waters melting it from below.
"We were extraordinarily fortunate to be able to deploy state-of-the art equipment to West Antarctica just before this large melt event occurred," said AWARE principal investigator Dan Lubin, a research physicist at Scripps Oceanography. "These atmospheric measurements will help geophysical scientists develop better physical models for projecting how the Antarctic ice sheet might respond to a changing climate and influence sea level rise."
Scientists had been able to see melt episodes in Antarctica via satellite during El Niño years of the past. The 2015-2016 event was the first, however, in which sophisticated instruments from the DOE's Atmospheric Radiation Measurement (ARM) Climate Research Facility installed on the ice sheet and at McMurdo Station adjacent to the nearby Ross Ice Shelf were present and able to make detailed measurements of atmospheric conditions at the time of a large-scale melt.
El Niño is characterized by the movement of warm waters to the eastern equatorial Pacific Ocean, which often influences water temperatures off California. The same climate phenomenon also directs warm marine air toward West Antarctica. The AWARE team noted that the melting took place even in the presence of a wind pattern that usually counteracts the flow of warm air. During the positive phase of the Southern Annular Mode (SAM), strong westerly winds blast around Antarctica, creating a fence of sorts that keeps the continent cold. The SAM during the 2015-2016 austral summer was strongly positive but nevertheless warm air penetrated the continent. AWARE researchers suggest that the melt might have been even more pronounced if the SAM were weak.
"In West Antarctica, we have a tug-of-war going on between the influence of El Niños and the westerly winds, and it looks like the El Niños are winning," said study co-author David Bromwich, professor of geography at Ohio State. "It's a pattern that is emerging. And because we expect stronger, more frequent El Niños in the future with a warming climate, we can expect more major surface melt events in West Antarctica."
The West Antarctic Ice Sheet rests on bedrock that is below sea level and is protected by a fringe of floating ice shelves. The melting and disintegration of these ice shelves would accelerate the flow of ice into the ocean. Were the ice sheet to melt completely, as probably occurred during the Earth's last inter-glacial period about 125,000 years ago, it contains enough mass to raise global mean sea level by three meters (11 feet).
###
In addition to Nicolas, Lubin, and Bromwich, co-authors included Ryan Scott and Lynn Russell of Scripps Oceanography and scientists from Brookhaven National Laboratory in New York, Argonne National Laboratory in Illinois, Penn State University, the Australian Bureau of Meteorology, and Los Alamos National Laboratory in New Mexico.
NEW HAVEN, Conn. (WTNH) — What began as a carjacking has ended with two men dead after they crashed into a synagogue on Harrison Street early Monday morning.
At 1:15 a.m., New Haven police say a carjacking took place at the corner of Whalley Avenue and Fitch Street, in the Westville section of the city. A short time later, officers noticed the stolen car in the area of Winthrop Avenue, and began to pursue.
According to New Haven police, officers lost sight of the car as they were in pursuit. Moments later, they discovered that the car had crashed into Congregation Beth El-Keser, located at 85 Harrison Street.
Two men in the stolen car were killed in the crash. Neither man has been identified.
The synagogue is at the corner of Philips Street and Whalley Avenue, which is causing Whalley Avenue to be closed while emergency responders are on the scene.
There is heavy damage to the car, and some structural damage to the synagogue. Crews are working to remove the car from the scene.
Connecticut State Police have been called in to handle the investigation. According to New Haven police, anytime there is a police involved shooting or police pursuit, it is standard procedure for State Police to be called in for the investigation.
Karachi: The Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) has imposed a one-year ban on tainted batsman Nasir Jamshed for non-cooperation with the board in the ongoing probe into the spot-fixing scandal that marred the second edition of the Pakistan Super League (PSL) earlier this year.
Announcing the decision, the PCB said Jamshed had played a central role in the spot-fixing scandal and that the board`s Anti-Corruption Tribunal had found the batsman guilty of breaching its code of conduct in the spot-fixing scandal.
(Also read: PSL spot-fixing: PCB summons fast bowler Mohammad Sami)
The 28-year-old was charged with violating Article 2.4.6 and Article 2.4.7 of PCB`s Anti-Corruption code, one of which was "obstruction and non-cooperation" in the scandal, Geo TV reported.In February, Jamshed was arrested by UK`s National Crime Agency (NCA) and was provisionally suspended by PCB for allegedly violating its anti-corruption code on the same day.
However, the opener was later released on bail.The spot-fixing allegations relate to a match between Islamabad United and Peshawar Zalmi in Dubai in this February during the second edition of the PSL.On March 6, a three-member tribunal was formed by PCB to investigate the spot-fixing case allegedly involving Islamabad United batsmen Sharjeel Khan and Khalid Latif.
The ACU had, in August, handed a five-year suspension to Sharjeel for his involvement in spot-fixing case whereas Latif, too, was also granted ban for five years in the same matter.
Meanwhile, fast bowler Mohammad Irfan and all-rounder Mohammad Nawaz were also handed suspension for six and two months, respectively, after the duo failed to report the board regarding the corrupt approach to the board on time.
Other players involved in the spot-fixing case were Shahzaib Hasan and Mohammad Sami.
The nation's number-two military officer added himself to the list of Defense officials who've expressed unease about taking funds away from the State Department as one way to pay for a $54 billion plus-up in military spending, saying the U.S. “cannot kill its way out of” problems like global extremism.
During a budget-focused speech at the Air Force Association Thursday, Gen. Paul Selva, the vice chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff did not directly reference the Trump Administration's budget proposal for State, which would cut the department's budget by $10 billion (28 percent) in 2018. But when asked about the cuts, he made clear he believes it would be unwise to underestimate the value of “soft power” in national security matters.
“I'm concerned, and I've expressed that concern,” he said. “If we make hard power the way the United States is perceived worldwide, our soft power will atrophy and we'll actually have to rebuild the institutions we've spent so much time building in order to do the work we need to do.”
Selva – who, we should note has some experience in the State Department after having served a three-year detail there during the Bush and Obama administrations – said concerns about diplomatic power are especially relevant to the fights the U.S. is engaged in in Iraq and Syria.
Advertisement
“Violent extremism will continue to exist for as long as their foundational elements continue to exist. Those are generally bad governance, disenfranchised populations, corruption, and police forces that show bias toward one side of that equation,” he said. “None of those are things the Defense Department is good at fixing.”
Gen. Curtis Scaparrotti, the commander of U.S. European Command made similar remarks late last month when asked about cuts to State in the context of countering terrorism in Europe.
“It will make the job more difficult. I rely heavily on our relationships with the other agencies in our government. Within my headquarters, the State Department military advisor is essentially one of my deputies,” he said. “Our counter-transnational terrorism cell is predominantly agency personnel from State and Treasury. It's not uniformed personnel that do those actions for EUCOM and the United States in Europe.”
It's far from certain that cuts anywhere near the magnitude the administration has outlined would be approved by Capitol Hill. Democrats have widely opposed them, as have some Republicans, including Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and Sen. John McCain, the chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee.
And last week, Sen. Chris Murphy (D-Conn.) introduced a proposal that would not only hold the line on State Department funding, but double it over the course of five years in what he called a “Marshall Plan for the 21st Century.”
Speaking at the Atlantic Council, Murphy said he supported an increase in Defense spending, but that State needs a $50 billion boost too, given what he said was a 20-to-1 mismatch between military and intelligence spending and diplomacy and development spending.
“We have more people working at military grocery stores today than we have diplomats in the State Department,” he said. “That's insanity. In the global competition for foreign investment, China's lapping us. Maybe it's because our budget for public diplomacy around the world is $650 million. Theirs is $10 billion.”
Although he acknowledged the increases he's calling for are politically unrealistic at the present moment, a report his office issued calls for a $100 billion State Department budget by 2022, with increases in everything from the Peace Corps to USAID and foreign aid, including a $10 billion annual budget for the Millennium Challenge Corporation, a State program that provides grants to poor countries as long as they demonstrate a commitment to good governance.
The report also notes that foreign aid is already at a 60-year low: 0.2 percent of GDP, compared to 3 percent in 1949.
“The success of the Marshall Plan wasn't an accident,” Murphy said. “Spending money on building stability is national security investment, and it's never been in greater need. We can't continue playing the role of global fire department, responding to crises only after they've developed into four-alarm blazes.”
In defending the State Department's budget, Democratic lawmakers and advocacy groups have often brought up a 2013 quote by Defense secretary James Mattis, then the commander of U.S. Central Command: “If you don't fund the State Department fully then I need to buy more ammunition ultimately…The more that we put into the State Department's diplomacy, hopefully the less we have to put into a military budget.”
And Mattis's views on the matter don't seem to have changed after he agreed to join the Trump administration.
“What you must always have is a team of people together who are looking at all of the options,” he said during his January confirmation hearing. “You don't default to one – particularly the military one – prematurely, you have your diplomats and everyone in the room as we are looking for every possible solution. What the military can do is provide the strongest deterrent so our diplomats can try to find a non-military option. It's the peace through strength idea, and that's my overarching approach.”
Electrical power poles. (Photo: Kateywhat, Getty Images/iStockphoto)
Two construction workers were recovering Friday after they were injured while working on a light pole near a North Naples intersection Thursday, the construction company's president said.
Gerald Marsh, 51, of Brooksville, and Larry Jerry, 59, of St. Petersburg, were part of a crew of workers tasked with moving light poles near Pine Ridge and Livingston roads around noon Thursday to make room for a sidewalk for a new car dealership, according to a Collier County Sheriff's Office report.
More: Two men hurt working on North Naples power pole, authorities say
A foreman for Dixie Pilings and Foundations, a Clearwater-based drilling construction company, told deputies they had unbolted three of the four bolts holding the light pole in place when it started to swing to the south, the report states.
Because of the wind the light pole "could not be controlled" and "hit the electrical wire causing a current to travel down it," according to the report.
Marsh and Jerry immediately fell to the ground and first responders were called to the scene.
Both men had to be resuscitated, said Kelley Fuller, the president for Dixie Pilings and Foundations, who was at the work site during the incident.
"The wind was a big factor in yesterday's accident," she said.
The two workers were transported in critical condition, Fuller said. Both men injured were in "stable" condition Friday, she said.
Marsh was taken to NCH North Naples Hospital. He was awake and coherent Friday afternoon, Fuller said.
"He's OK," she said, adding that Marsh was "just a little sore" where cardiopulmonary resuscitation was administered.
"It's a miracle if you ask me," Fuller added.
More: Florida works to tell visitors after Hurricane Irma: 'We're open for business'
More: Hurricane Irma: Timeline told in stories, photos, videos before, during and after the big storm hit
Jerry was first taken to Physicians Regional on Pine Ridge Road before being transferred to a burn center in Bradenton.
"He's stable," Fuller said of Jerry, adding that his family was with him at the center. "He's doing better than expected."
The Sheriff's Office is still investigating the incident, but detectives plan to close the case "in the near future," Sheriff's Office spokeswoman Kristi Lester said in an email Friday.
"They are currently waiting for OSHA's findings," Lester wrote, referring to the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, which investigates work-related accidents, "as well as conducting continuous checks on the victims' status."
Read or Share this story: http://www.naplesnews.com/story/news/local/2017/10/06/workers-shocked-two-men-hurt-working-north-naples-light-pole-stable-condition-companys-president-say/740397001/
Taal Thok Ke: Will result of Karnataka assembly elections be 2019 trailer?
Taal Thok Ke: This is a special segment of Taal Thok Ke which brings to you panel discussion on concurrent issue. Here the question raised is that will result of Karnataka assembly elections be 2019 trailer?
A member of the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force, Fleet Air Wing 31, security section, attacks a simulated target during oleoresin capsaicin (OC) training with U.S. Marines from the Provost Marshal's Office at Marine Corps Air Station Iwakuni, Japan, Feb. 14, 2017. After being sprayed with OC, JMSDF participants had to navigate through an obstacle course of Marines holding pads, which represented potential attackers, and they had to handcuff a simulated suspect. The training helps prepare individuals for situations where they may be contaminated with the spray and need to continue to function and provide security. (U.S. Marine Corps photo by Cpl. Aaron Henson)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.14.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 02:51 Photo ID: 3166547 VIRIN: 170214-M-RP664-0065 Resolution: 3687x2458 Size: 4.89 MB Location: MARINE CORPS AIR STATION IWAKUNI, YAMAGUCHI, JP Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, PMO, JMSDF conduct OC training [Image 1 of 7], by Cpl Aaron Henson, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Women who avoid meat during pregnancy dramatically raise the risk of their children becoming hooked on drugs and alcohol , according to new research.A study from the National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and Alcoholism found thatWhile recent health trends reflect larger numbers of people converting to vegetarianism, researchers are warning of the adverse affects of the lifestyle that could harm children.For the study researchers analyzed the habits of 5,109 women and their offspring. The children of those who ate meat daily during their pregnancies were compared to those whose mothers abstained from meat during that time.The due dates of the women the researches observed were between April 1, 1991, and December 31, 1992.The researchers evaluated 5,246 of their children and the median age of the adolescent participants was about 15.5 years old.The alcohol, drug and tobacco use habits of all the children were evaluated, which led researchers to link vegetarianism during pregnancy to an increased risk of substance abuse.Study lead author Dr Joseph Hibbeln said that, while women are often advised to reduce their meat consumption,Most vegetarians have a B12 deficiency while pregnant, as the vitamin is mainly available from meats and shellfish.Vitamin B12 is essential for the body to metabolize folic acid, a nutrient vital for the development of a healthy fetus.Because of this, the implementation of vegetarian foods that are B12-rich along with more widespread use of supplements could prove beneficial for pregnant vegetarians.Dr Hibbeln said: 'Among Western populations infants of vitamin B12 deficient mothers have poor brain growth, developmental regression, irritability, thrive poorly and demonstrate residual deficits in cognitive and social development.'
He said state GOP leaders told him that their state rules say that if any part of county bylaws do not comply with state code, the state law prevails. Thomas said that would seem to solve the problem, as long as the party takes no action to hurt candidates who collect signatures.
In a quick topsy-turvy of bypoll election results, BJP's Avani Singh, who was leading initially, has now started trailing against Samajwadi Party's Naim Ul Hasan. On the other hand, Congress has gained a strong lead in Punjab's Shahkot Assembly seat, traditionally a SAD bastion. Congress candidate has been declared the unopposed winner from Palus Kadegaon.Meanwhile Trinamool Congress is leading in West Bengal's Maheshtala.
Amid a tight layer of security, the counting of votes for bypolls to 10 crucial Legislative Assembly constituencies began at 8 am on Thursday.
The 10 Assembly seats are – Punjab's Shahkot, Uttarakhand's Tharali, Meghalaya's Ampati, Kerala's Chengannur, Bihar's Jokihat, Jharkhand's Gomia and Silli, West Bengal's Maheshtala, Uttar Pradesh's Noorpur and Maharashtra's Palus Kadegaon.
The results of these high stake assembly constituencies are being witnessed as a litmus test for both the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and the Congress ahead of general elections in 2019.
In Jharkhand, the Gomia bypoll was necessitated after sitting Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) MLA Yogendra Prasad Mahto was expelled following his conviction in coal theft case. Similarly, the Silli seat fell vacant after the sitting JMM MLA Amit Mahto was convicted in a criminal assault case in March this year.
Uttar Pradesh's Noorpur seat fell vacant after the death of two-time BJP MLA Lokendra Singh Chouhan while the Maheshtala seat fell vacant after Trinamool Congress (TMC) MLA Kasturi Das' death in February.
Former Meghalaya Chief Minister and Congress MLA Mukul Sangma resigned from Ampati seat in March after he won from Songsak. By-poll to Uttarakhand's Tharali, reserved for the member of scheduled castes, was necessitated after the death of the BJP MLA Magan Lal Shah in February. Chengannur seat fell vacant after the death of Communist Party of India (Marxist) sitting MLA K.K. Ramachandran Nair in January. Sarfaraz Alam had won the Jokihat assembly seat on Janata Dal (United) (JD-U) ticket. He later contested from RJD ticket and resigned in April from the post of MLA after his victory in the Araria Lok Sabha by-poll. The Shiromani Akali Dal representative of the Shahkot seat, Ajit Singh Kohar the sitting MLA, died in February, which necessitated by-poll in the assembly. The by-poll in Palus-Kadegaon Assembly constituency was necessitated due to the death of Congress`s Patangrao Kadam, who had won the constituency twice. The EC has declared Kadam`s son elected unopposed as the BJP had withdrawn its candidate.
With agency inputs
The Amplify Project
February 9, 2017
Trigger Warning: Explicit descriptions of sexual assault and/or rape.
He was my friend. At least, I thought he was. I met my rapist the month before school started, when we bonded over our activism and our passion to amplify the voices of the marginalized. We had long conversations about systemic oppression and the personal struggles we've faced. We're both leaders on this campus and we drew strength and inspiration from each other. I felt like I could trust him because we clicked so well together.
The night before he raped me we watched a movie in my bed about crimes against women for one of my classes. The whole movie we cuddled and he held my hand through the violent rape scenes. After the movie, we talked at length about how the patriarchy negatively impacts women and perpetuates rape culture, how rape is a terrible crime and shouldn't happen. He even opened up to me about being sexually assaulted by a family member as a child. We kept talking until we fell asleep.
The next day he texted me, telling me he didn't want to be alone that night. So being the good friend I am, I came over. We didn't talk much; we just did homework together. Eventually, I got tired and told him I was going home, but he wouldn't let me. I felt uncomfortable and tried to protest, telling him I should really go home but he begged and begged me to stay the night until I complied.
His alarm went off at 7 a.m. I cracked my eyes open, but quickly fell back asleep when he turned it off. I felt a soft pressure against my lips as he kissed me. It didn't feel bad but it didn't feel right either. Then, the pressure became stronger, more forceful.
I opened my eyes and asked him what he was doing. He rolled on top of me and continued kissing me feverishly. I called his name and tried to push him away. All he said was “I want you” as he began taking off my shirt but I told him to wait. I was confused by what was going on, especially since I was barely awake.
He tried taking my leggings off, whispering in my ear, “I know you want it.” I held up my leggings, saying no, but eventually he got them off me. At this point, I was hyperventilating. He told me how he'd make me feel good and that I wouldn't regret it but I kept telling him, “No, no I don't want this.” I tried keeping my legs shut but he forced his head between them, taking my shallow and shuddered breathing as pleasure rather than fear.
The first time he penetrated me, I addressed him by name and said no. He said sorry and pulled out, only to put himself back in me seconds later.
My body went limp. I stared at the ceiling, holding onto his body, thinking this was just a dream, that it wasn't happening. I peered over his shoulder and watched his hips thrust. I quickly looked back at the ceiling, trying to keep myself from panicking and telling myself it would be over soon.
When he was done, he helped me clean up. I laid on his bed thinking, “This didn't happen because I didn't want it to.” He moved about his room, getting ready to go to his meeting as I sat frozen on his bed until I finally blurted out I didn't want it. He said of course I wanted it—I had been wet after all.
I kept trying to tell him that I didn't want to have sex with him. But he just laughed at me and promised we'd have sex again no matter how much I said we wouldn't. I stopped talking and thought, “Maybe I did want it.” I replayed the scene over and over in my head like a broken record, trying to see if there was any way it was my fault. But I was perfectly clear: I didn't want to have sex with him.
Nearly a year later, I still blame myself for what happened to me even though my boyfriend, friends and family all tell me it's not at all my fault. I have to keep telling myself I wasn't responsible for my rape and that I have nothing to be ashamed of, no matter how hard it is for me to accept. But it's hard. It's really, really hard.
This story was submitted anonymously by a survivor of sexual assault at Santa Clara through The Amplify Project. If you are interested in sharing your story, reach out to Emma Hyndman at amplifysurvivors@gmail.com or visit amplifyproject. wordpress.com.
A NOOSA businesswoman has released a new skin protection product just in time for summer.
Surfpaste, developed by Karen Callihoo, is a sunscreen made from natural ingredients, yet it protects you from sun rays while surfing, swimming and playing sport.
Ms Callihoo said she'd been working on the product for a year before finally releasing it in August.
"I wanted to make the ultimate product to protect from skin cancer, that's also natural,” Ms Callihoo said.
"This one is specifically for face and lips. (It's) SPF30 plus, broad spectrum, UVA and UVB protected.
"Everyone can use it, especially anyone in the sports industry.”
The zinc oxide-based product doubles as a foundation with its tan colour.
"The zinc is good for your skin and can help with inflammation,” Ms Callihoo said.
"Its other ingredients help fight anti-aging.
"This particular product, I asked for the ingredients to be placed in it, then the pharmacist blends it.
"The ingredients I chose to be certified organic, vegan and non-irritant.”
Tested by surfers in Australian conditions before hitting the shelves, Ms Callihoo said the product was for all ages and the packaging was made from recycled plastic.
Visit surfpaste.com.au for stockists and to buy online.
By: Wynne Kirchner, Staff Writer
Towson traveled to North Carolina this weekend for a three-game series against Elon, dropping two of three and falling to 16-22 on the season.
“I think we pitched really well,” Head Coach Lisa Costello said. “We need to continue to improve our situational hitting, though.”
On Sunday, the Tigers fell to the Phoenix 1-0. The game proved to be a defensive showdown as the Tigers only managed two hits, while only allowing three, throughout the entire game.
Pitchers Megan Dejter, a junior, and Julia Smith-Harrington, a freshman, combined for a strong performance on the mound. Neither pitcher gave up an earned run.
Junior Kendyl Scott and Madison Wilson recorded the team's only hits.
Saturday, Towson played a doubleheader against Elon. The team dropped game two but earned a victory in game one.
Towson fell short in game two of the doubleheader, losing 4-3 in extra innings.
Sophomore Nicole Stockinger recorded three hits in four at-bats for the Tigers. Juniors Shelby Stracher and Daria Edwards each hit a homerun in the game.
On the mound, Smith-Harrington struck out two batters and allowed only one earned run.
In game one of the doubleheader, the Tigers managed to earn a 2-1 victory in extra innings.
Dejter went all 10 innings and giving up only six hits and one earned run.
Towson hosts a doubleheader on Tuesday against Morgan State and another Wednesday against Howard.
Following its midweek series, Towson will be at home over the weekend against conference rival Drexel for a crucial three-game series.
Earnie Stewart (left), the Union sporting director, gave a vote of confidence to head coach Jim Curtin (right) in spite of another bad loss.
Union sporting director Earnie Stewart gave manager Jim Curtin another vote of confidence on Tuesday, and while he acknowledged that Saturday's 2-0 loss at FC Dallas looked pretty bad, Stewart's endorsement seemed to be sincere.
“My job is to look at it in a broader perspective, and take out single games,” he said. “What we're asking of players, the data that we get back and the numbers that we have, are for a lot of parts, pretty darn good.”
Of course, there's one number that looks very bad: the number of goals. The Union have been shut out four times through six games this season. Stewart didn't avoid that, because he couldn't.
“It's really simple: you have to put the ball in the back of the net,” he said. “That's something that we need to work on.”
Curtin said after Saturday's game that “it's a challenge right now to keep the guys positive.” Stewart was asked what he made of that. He put the onus on the players to push through a mental block.
“Obviously after a game, you have to take everything [said] with a grain of salt,” Stewart said. “When you get into these positions constantly and you don't capitalize on that, it kind of wears on you and you've got to watch out … then confidence starts [to drop], and that's not where you want to go to.”
Asked whether he still has confidence in Curtin, Stewart said: “Yes.”
Stewart doesn't like using the word “luck,” but in this instance, he felt it appropriate.
“You've got to get into positions to create your own luck,” he said. “We didn't create chances [against Dallas], and in the end, you don't deserve to win, [but] for the most part we've been doing that really well.”
Borek Dockal has come under particular scrutiny. The team's marquee offseason signing – at soccer's most glamorous position, midfield playmaker – has just one assist and no goals through five games.
Stewart said he wants to “downplay” the hype around the Czech-born Designated Player.
“You have this ‘DP' branding and then you're supposed to come in and do everything at one time. It doesn't work that way. It's simple as that,” Stewart said.
But it does work that way. Expansion club Los Angeles FC's big DPs, forwards Carlos Vela and Diego Rossi, have a combined nine goals and seven assists this year. Minnesota United's Darwin Quintero has played just two games for the team, but scored a goal in his first and had an assist in his second. Those are just a few of many examples.
Stewart ultimately knows this.
“We try to bring somebody in for the qualities that he has and everybody can see those qualities,” Stewart said. “But in the end, that's just the way soccer is – it needs to translate to scoring goals and winning games.”
Stewart is a believer in a system-based approach to soccer. It's why the Union deploy the same tactical plan from their youth teams up to the MLS squad. But in an era when global soccer and MLS coaches are becoming more flexible, might the Union be too predictable? Stewart doesn't think so.
“An individual in a system will determine the outcome of a game,” Stewart said. “We make so much of changes and all that kind of stuff. I don't believe in that. I've never believed in that. So I'm not going to start believing in it because somebody wants change because you've lost a game. … Teams that do not too well, they change all kinds of things, and in the end what happens in Europe is they get relegated. Changing coaches, changing systems, changing players, it usually leads to absolutely nothing.”
But he didn't fully dismiss the effect that some changes here and there can have.
“If you play with Ilsinho on the outside instead of Fafa Picault, it's different,” he said. “That's where the nuances are, and that's something for the coaching staff to make decisions on.”
That was as close as Stewart came to turning up the heat on the bench.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
An international terminal will be established at Avalon Airport near Geelong in Victoria to cater for twice-daily flights to Kuala Lumpur, operated by AirAsia.
The flights, confirmed on Sunday by Avalon Airport executive chairman David Fox and Foreign Minister Julie Bishop after days of speculation, follow a decade of discussions and would start later this year at a date to be confirmed.
Mr Fox, whose family will inject more than $20 million into the venture, said the new flights would open up more than 100 new international destinations to travellers.
Yahoo Finance's Alexis Christoforous and Jared Blikre break down the latest market action after Dick's Sporting Goods reported first quarter earnings that beat Wall Street expectations on net income and revenue.
Performance of select industry groups as of 10:30 am ET:
~Specialty Apparel Stores (27)
CHS Chico's Fas -19.72%
DSW DSW Inc -9.97%
DEST Destination Maternity Corp -2.02%
GES Guess? Inc -1.87%
SSI Stage Stores Inc -1.48%
NWY(HB) New York & Compay Inc -1.40%
CBK Christopher & Banks -0.91%
BKE(HB,1) The Buckle Inc -0.78%
SMRT(HB,0) Stein Mart -0.63%
AEO American Eagle Outfitters Inc -0.55%
FINL Finish Line 'A' -0.15%
URBN Urban Outfitters 0.10%
ROST Ross Stores 0.17%
PLCE Children's Place Inc (The) 0.20%
ANF Abercrombie & Fitch Co'A' 0.28%
FL Foot Locker 0.45%
GPS Gap Inc 0.46%
JWN Nordstrom Inc 0.96%
TLRD Tailored Brands Inc 1.12%
GCO Genesco Inc 1.14%
ZUMZ(1) Zumiez Inc 1.21%
CATO(0) Cato Corp 1.32%
SCVL(0) Shoe Carnival 1.50%
LB L Brands Inc 1.82%
CTRN(0) Citi Trends Inc 2.04
Lawyer and former Electoral Tribunal (TE), judge Guillermo Márquez Amado, presented an appeal on Monday, December 11 for third-party involvement before the Second Superior Court to support the request of the Public Ministry (MP) asking for an extension to continue investigations in the Odebrecht bribery case.
The appeal, seeks to revoke the decision of Substitute judge Lania Batista, who as Twelfth Criminal substitute judge denied an adjustment at the end of the investigation for the bribes The Anti-corruption prosecutor, Zuleyka Moore, appealed the ruling.
“We are making use of our status as citizens to support the claim of the
Prosecutor, to continue investigating without a two-month time limit.” said Marquez Amado on behalf of civil groups. Monday .”
The investigation into the Odebrecht bribery scandal is currently suspended, pending the response of the Second Superior Court.
THE CANADIAN PRESS
OTTAWA -- A brand of lean ground beef is being recalled because of possible E. coli contamination.
The Canadian Food Inspection Agency says the Good Boucher brand beef was sold in Ontario, Quebec, New Brunswick, Nova Scotia, and P.E.I., but may have also been distributed in other provinces and territories.
The agency says the recall includes 285-gram packages with a best-before date of March 21 and 510-gram packages with best-before dates of March 19 and March 21.
The CFIA says the recall was triggered by its test results and that no illnesses have been reported from eating the recalled beef.
Food contaminated with E. coli O157:H7 may not look or smell spoiled but can still make you sick.
Symptoms can include nausea, vomiting, mild to severe abdominal cramps and watery to bloody diarrhea. In severe cases, some people may have seizures or strokes, need blood transfusions and kidney dialysis or live with permanent kidney damage.
Godrej Alive Thane is doing their marketing for sold all units soon who have resolved the living issues in dream city Mumbai. The project recognized with the brand name Godrej who have known by people for their other products. The minimum apartment cost is 1.1 CR* which is vary on sizes and the price will be fluctuated according to process. The system will be represented booking process and doing to prepare more object as well classical on specification rights to collect over all reviews. The property value would be recommended as high to show their amenities and all curve views to prefer latest luxury offers as well conduct rights.
Godrej is a group that always provides excellent services and materials to all the customers and clients. The Godrej Alive is a good residential project for all the people who have decided to move to Dwarka, because of the rich amenities that the project provides. The layout of the project has been set beautifully, and living in Godrej Alive can become a dream come true for all the residents. The project is sprawled across a huge area, and there is a lot of greenery and fresh air to breathe in. This is the kind of own that you would love to call your own- and every moment's stay would be delightful.
The types of apartments:
Godrej Alive looks after the amenities of all the residents. The flats range from 2 BHK, 3 BHK, and 4 BHK, for all the residents. Those who prefer spacious apartments can opt for the 4 BHK apartments, and the ones who have just loaned or bought a new home, can buy a relatively smaller apartment. Godrej cares for all its clients. Dwarka is now the upcoming sector for all the corporate companies, and there has recently been a huge expansion in the job sector. There are many upcoming projects that have taken up quick space. Among all of them, Godrej Alive is the best, because of the facilities, the location, the amenities, and the advantages that the project provides to its residents.
The salient features of this apartment:
The apartments are bestowed with the best of facilities. Some of them are screen multiplexes, rooms for business meets, telemedicine facilities, clubhouse facilities, biking trails, multi-cuisine restaurants, play courts, and swimming pools and other facilities. The uniqueness of the project lies in acres of green landscaped gardens with fresh air, which gives the residents a lot of opportunity to be in close touch with nature. Godrej alive makes sure that your house becomes your home in every way. It ensures a fun filled, healthy, and fulfilling existence, so that you have a vacation, even at your home. Along with these facilities, there's also all round the clock security services, water and electricity services, for your convenience. The project has been designed as such to look after your health, so that you thrive in the best of conditions from all angles.
The location of the project:
The Godrej Alive Location is located at a spot that is very well connected to the city. The connectivity of this part of the city is extremely good, with buses, taxis, metros and more. The location stands as an accessory advantage to this project, making it a luxurious yet convenient project. The project is also in the close vicinity of malls, hospitals, places of worship, educational institutes like colleges and schools. With the benefit of green expanses and the added advantage of important institutes in and around this place, Godrej Alive project is a blessing to all the residents.
Call us @ +91-9810047296
Register for More Information Visit :- http://godrejalive-mulundthane.com/
Please fill out the information below to Subscribe to Hurleys Media LTD. This will allow you to post comments on articles, get notifications on upcoming events and MORE!
© Sputnik/ Vladimir Astapkovich
Libyan National Army Commander Field Marshal Khalifa Haftar said Monday he raised the issue of Russia providing military help to Libya during his meeting with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov.Haftar and Lavrov met earlier in the day in Moscow.It is the third visit of the Libyan National Army commander to Moscow. He held a meeting with Russian Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu in June 2016 and a meeting with Lavrov in November 2016, during which Haftar already asked Russia for military aid supplies in order to fight against the Islamists.Libya has been in turmoil since the 2011 civil war that resulted in the overthrow of country's longtime leader Muammar Gaddafi.The eastern part of the crisis-torn state is governed by a parliament with headquarters in the city of Tobruk. The parliament is backed by the Libyan National Army headed by Haftar. At the same time, the Government of National Accord, headed by Prime Minister Fayez Sarraj and backed by the United Nations and the European Union, operates in the country's west and is headquartered in Tripoli.Moscow has been providing support for the regulation of the crisis in Libya and has repeatedly said it was ready to cooperate with all the interested Libyan parties.
New Delhi: Union Minister Uma Bharti has been admitted to the India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) due to problems of hypertension, reports said on Saturday.
The saint-politician was admitted on Friday at the hospital's new private ward.
"Uma Bharti ji was admitted yesterday (Friday) for problems of hypertension,'' the hospital authorities said.
''Bharti is stable and is undergoing required medication,'' the doctors at AIIMS said.
Bharti was earlier admitted to AIIMS in 2016 and 2017, due to problems of chest pain and hypertension.
© Thomas Peter / Reuters
The world's second-largest economy, China has started 2017 with its strongest quarterly performance in 18 months. Official data shows the growth came on the back of a surge in industrial activity, property investment and increased credit.Gross domestic product (GDP) grew 6.9 percent, well ahead of last year's figure and is slightly higher than many economists had forecast.According to China's National Bureau of Statistics , "the national economy maintained thefrom the second half of last year, getting off to a good start in 2017 and laying a solid foundation for accomplishing the whole-year growth target."Analysts say government spending and a property boom spurred by easy credit were the main drivers for stronger demand.Statistics showed that during the first quarter,such as factories expanded 9.2 percent from a year earlier, while. Industrial output rose 6.8 percent, including a stronger-than-expected 7.6 percent year-on-year gain in March.Last year China saw its slowest growth in 26 years, at 6.7 percent. The official full-year economic growth target for 2017 is 6.5 percent.Despite the signs of economic recovery, analysts are"Things are pretty strong at the moment, but it's going to be difficult to sustain this level of growth given how reliant it is on the state, which will have to pull back at some point," Julian Evans-Pritchard, an economist at Capital Economics, was cited as saying by CNN Money.Economists say they expect the boost from government policies and the property boom to persist for a few more months before fading later in the year. They also warn that corporate debt is mounting and industrial output remains sluggish.The International Monetary Fund has urged the Chinese government to focus on tackling the country's high levels of corporate debt.China's total and private debt is now worth more than 250 percent of GDP and is forecast to grow.
HARPURSVILLE, N.Y - HARPURSVILLE, N.Y. — And baby makes glee.
Before an online audience of more than a million viewers, April the giraffe gave birth to a male calf Saturday at a New York zoo, ending weeks of proverbial pacing by animal lovers in a virtual worldwide waiting room.
The 15-year-old giraffe delivered her calf shortly before 10 a.m. EDT in an enclosed pen at the zoo in Harpursville, a rural upstate village about 130 miles (209 kilometers) northwest of New York City. The mama giraffe tenderly licked her calf, which began to slowly pick its head up from the floor of the pen. About 45 minutes after it was born, the calf stood on its wobbly legs for the first time while mom helped keep her baby steady.
It's a boy! He began nursing not long after.
The calf weighs in at 129 pounds (58.5 kilograms) and stands 5 feet 9 inches tall (1.75 meters).
At least 1.2 million people watched the Adventure Park'sYouTube streaming of the event . A logo on the feed quickly changed from ToysRUs to BabiesRUs following the birth.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Animal Adventure Park owner Jordan Patch said that both mom and calf are doing fine.
Patch said the calf's entrance into the world "was unnerving to even those of us who have witnessed animal births previously."
"Giraffes give birth standing up, which means when the calf is ready to be born, it exits its mother hooves first from six feet off the floor, making for a very exciting event," Patch said in a news release.
This is April's fourth calf, but Animal Adventure Park's first giraffe calf. The proud papa, a 5-year-old giraffe named Oliver, watched from an adjacent pen. This is his first offspring.
The privately owned zoo began livestreaming from April's enclosure in February. People around the world have been tuning in daily.
April has her own website and even an apparel line. A GoFundMe fundraiser page that initially set a goal of $50,000 sat at more than $125,000 on Saturday morning. The money will be used for the care of the animals.
A contest will be held to decide on a name for the calf.
The park's livestream was briefly interrupted in February when YouTube pulled the feed after someone reported the images contained explicit material and nudity. Jordan Patch, owner of the Animal Adventure Park, blamed "a handful of extremists and animal rights activists" for the interruption.
The wait for the giraffe became an anxiety-ridden experience for some. A Farmington, New Hampshire, songwriter even posted a music video on YouTube called, "I'm Going Crazy Waiting (For A Giraffe)."
The reaction on Twitter was ebullient and hopeful: "We did it, internet! We had a giraffe baby together;" ''Everybody sticking their neck out for this baby giraffe;" and "On a day where "mother of all bombs" is a trending phrase, I love how the world unites over the birth of a baby giraffe."
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Animal Adventure park is currently closed to the public and will open in mid-May.
Tokyo: Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe sent a ritual offering to a controversial shrine to war dead on Tuesday, the anniversary of Japan`s World War Two surrender, but did not visit in person in an apparent effort to avoid increasing regional tensions.
Masahiko Shibayama, a lawmaker who made the offering on Abe`s behalf, said he did so to express condolences for those who died in the war and to pray for peace. He added that Abe said he was sorry he could not visit the Yasukuni shrine.
Past visits by Japanese leaders to Yasukuni have outraged Beijing and Seoul because it honours 14 Japanese leaders convicted by an Allied tribunal as war criminals, along with other war dead. Abe himself has only visited once since becoming Prime Minister again in 2012.
Maintaining harmony with China and Seoul is now more important than every amid heightened tensions in Asia in the wake of North Korean missile tests, threats from Pyongyang to strike the area around the US Pacific territory of Guam and US President Donald Trump warning of retaliation.
"After the war, our country has consistently taken steps as a country that abhors war and treasures peace, and has made efforts to promote the peace and prosperity of the world," Abe said at a national ceremony to honour war dead on Tuesday.
"We intend to keep this immovable policy firmly, throughout the ages, while facing history with humility."
Abe visited the Yasukuni shrine in 2013, an action that prompted criticism from key ally the United States as well as from Asian nations, but has sent offerings on August 15 and during Yasukuni`s twice yearly festivals.
Dozens of Japanese lawmakers visited the shrine along with scores of ordinary Japanese, a move prompting a protest from media in China, which with South Korea views the shrine as a symbol of Japan`s past militarism.
The official People`s Liberation Army Daily wrote in a commentary on Tuesday that the anniversary should be a time for Japan to reflect on its history, not to "go further down the forked road of harming Sino-Japanese ties and regional peace and stability".
Tensions in the region weighed on the minds of many who visited the shrine.
"I am furious about the threat from North Korea," said Katsuhiko Ikeda, 78.
"North Korea`s missile threat towards Guam means anything would pass by Japan, and if anything happened, it could affect us."
Four people died in lightning strike Sunday in Afar regional state in northeastern Ethiopia, police said Monday.Afar regional state Police Sergeant Ali Buto said five other people who were injured in the lightning strike are being treated for their injuries at nearby medical centers.Ethiopia's arid Afar regional state has been experiencing a spate of deadly lightning strikes as the rainy season which starts from June and continues until early September seems to increase incidences of lightning strike, according to Afar regional state office of Disaster Risk Management and Food security.
On the path of the 2017 North Coast Mud Trail.
MOST of us find satisfaction when we drain that last bit of coffee from our cup each morning. But for ceramic artist Brooke Clunie, it's in the making of the mug itself.
"It's a discipline that is repetitive but it makes you focus,” she said. "And then to have completed a piece created by your own hands and use daily is special.”
Brooke's Red Door Studio in Fernleigh will be one of 20 studios to take part in the North Coast Mud Trail on August 19 and 20.
From 10am to 4pm each day, potters and ceramic artists will welcome art lovers and adventurers into their creative spaces.
Photos View Photo Gallery
Madeleine Smith and Ove Altmann from Northern Rivers Pottery Supplies are encouraging residents to get to know our local artists.
"Pottery is even more enjoyable when you actually know the maker,” she said.
"We have so much respect for every potter and know how much time and creativity goes into just one piece. I feel like everybody who tries pottery gains such a huge sense of happiness and achievement.”
The Mud Trail is part of the fifth annual Australian Ceramics Open Studios event, hosted by the Australian Ceramics Association to showcase diverse talents and practices of Australian artists working in clay.
Mud Trail member Suvira McDonald said the Australian ceramics scene was dynamic and exciting, with Northern Rivers ceramic artists and potters making a unique contribution.
"Over the North Coast Mud Trail weekend, visitors can see practical demonstrations, get their hands dirty in workshops, be inspired by artists' talks, purchase original ceramics direct from the maker, and soak up the atmosphere of a working studio,” she said.
"The Mud Trail traverses the beautiful terrain of the Northern Rivers region, from the coastline to the hinterland hills, and along the way mud trekkers will experience the extraordinary talents of our local artists and be inspired by the enduring beauty of clay, fire and colour.”
Brooke, who has been in the pottery business for 25 years, said the event was a fun way to connect with the community.
"It's a great way to let them see just how a professional working pottery studio operates...and also give them the opportunity to have a spin on my wheel,” she said.
Brooke will be selling her latest creation, stone travel mugs, and will have a barista on site for thirsty Mud Trail participants.
For more information visit www.northcoastmudtrail.com.au, like North Coast Mud Trail page on Facebook or pick up a full event program from local galleries and cafes.
Minister of Finance, Economic Planning and Development Goodall Gondwe remained defiant that he could notl be replaced in his portfolio, saying reports suggesting that Education Minister Bright Msaka is likely to replace him in a Cabinet reshuffle…
The post Goodall stays defiant: ‘I cannot be removed as Finance Minister' appeared first on Malawi Nyasa Times – Malawi breaking news in Malawi.
Source link
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document.
.videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }
SEATTLE (AP) — The Latest on a lawsuit alleging Seattle Mayor Ed Murray sexually abused a man when he was a teenager (all times local):
3:30 p.m.
Seattle Mayor Ed Murray says he believes the withdrawal of a lawsuit filed against him alleging sexual abuse in the 1980s vindicates him.
The mayor made the statement at a news conference Wednesday in response to his accuser's lawyer, Lincoln Beauregard, filing a motion to dismiss the lawsuit. Beauregard also said the suit would be filed again next year.
Advertisement
Murray also said he was considering his options, legally and politically. His only option for seeking a new term as mayor would be as a write-in candidate, but he said he hasn't had time to seriously consider it.
Murray dropped his re-election bid because of the lawsuit that claimed he paid Delvonn Heckard for sex multiple times. Murray said at the time it was better for the city if he didn't run for a second term.
___
11:55 a.m.
A man who accused Seattle Mayor Ed Murray of sexually abusing him when he was a teenager has asked a court to dismiss the lawsuit he filed against the mayor.
In a motion filed Tuesday, Delvonn Heckard's lawyer, Lincoln Beauregard, said Heckard feels it would be wise to complete his extensive counseling and recovery before moving forward with the case.
Beauregard said Heckard still wants to pursue the legal action but determined it would be better for the success of the lawsuit and the citizens of Seattle if the case went forward after Murray was out of office.
Murray, who has denied the allegation, dropped his re-election bid because of the lawsuit that claimed Murray paid Heckard for sex in the 1980s.
The Associated Press does not typically identify people who say they are a victim of sex abuse, but Heckard has said he wanted his name made public.
BEIJING: Chinese Premier Li Keqiang called on the United States Tuesday to not act “emotionally” and to avoid a trade war, as President Donald Trump considers new punitive measures against Beijing.
After announcing tariffs on global steel and aluminium imports, Trump is now mulling new actions against China over its “theft” of US intellectual property.
Washington has long accused Beijing of forcing US companies to turn over proprietary commercial information and intellectual property as a condition of operating in China.
But Li pledged that China “will strictly protect intellectual property rights”.
US Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer recently proposed a package of $30 billion in tariffs on China but Trump wants it to go higher, according to US media.
The US trade deficit with China ran to a record $375 billion last year — but US exports to the country were also at a record.
“Nobody will emerge as a winner” from a trade war, Li told a press conference after the country's annual parliament session.
“We hope that both parties can maintain reason, not act emotionally, and avoid a trade war,” said Li, who was given a second five-year term by the National People's Congress on Sunday.
Li vowed that China will further open its huge market to foreign firms, and make it easier for companies in the services sector — such as healthcare, education and finance — to gain access.
“We will completely open the manufacturing sector. We will not allow the forced transfer of technology,” he said.
It is not the first time that Chinese officials have promised to improve access to foreign firms, but US and European companies still complain about major hurdles.
The EU Chamber of Commerce in China summed up the exasperation last year as “promise fatigue” — a complaint that challenges Xi's image as a champion of globalisation. —AFP
Snow in British Columbia July 02, 2018 and the news article covers heat in Ontario devoting a few sentences to the snow coverage in an article about snow cover in July, but the other 5 paragraphs to how warm it is elsewhere. Ski resorts with honest journalism calling snow through their stories, heat not mentioned once.Hudson Bay ice anomalies continue with ice measurements and food / fuel prices up which means now more than ever you need to take measures to grow your own food to keep costs low in your life.
LONDON: Ben Stokes will not travel with the England squad to Australia on October 28 but no final decision has been taken on his involvement in the Ashes, cricket chiefs said Friday.
Test vice-captain Stokes, 26, was arrested last month on suspicion of causing actual bodily harm and suspended, along with Alex Hales, from internationals until further notice following an apparent fight outside a nightclub.
The powerful all-rounder, who was released without charge but remains under investigation, was included in the Ashes squad despite reportedly injuring his hand in the incident that led to his arrest.
The England and Wales Cricket Board on Friday further announced that Stokes, who is also subject to internal disciplinary action, had been awarded central contracts for Test and limited-overs cricket.
Hales, 28, has been retained as a limited-overs specialist. But the ECB said in light of the ongoing police investigation, Middlesex paceman Steven Finn would be added to the Ashes touring squad.
“With the Ashes just around the corner, it's important to give the players, the coaching staff and supporters some clarity around a complex situation,” said Director of England Cricket Andrew Strauss.
“This decision will help us in the weeks ahead and give every player and the whole England set-up the best chance to focus on the challenge ahead in Australia.
“Steven is a high-quality cricketer, with considerable experience of both international cricket and Australian conditions. The selectors believe he will add to the range of options and the squad will be further supported by the arrival of the Lions in Australia in November.”
“We have spoken to Ben and assured him that our decision in no way prejudges the outcome of the ongoing police investigation or cricket discipline commission process, as can be seen by the award of central contracts,” Strauss added.
In a separate matter, the ECB has also fined and issued a formal written warning to Jonny Bairstow, Jake Ball and Liam Plunkett following a disciplinary investigation into behaviour during the recent one-day series against the West Indies.
No further details have been given but the ECB has stated clearly that this issue is “unrelated to the investigations into Ben Stokes and Alex Hales”.
The absence of Stokes from the the tour of Australia would be a huge blow for Ashes holders England, who have lost two out of their past three tours Down Under 5-0 and are desperate to hit the ground running in Brisbane on November 23.
England enjoyed a good summer at home, with Test series wins against South Africa and the West Indies, but there are doubts about a number of positions at the top of the batting order.
Stokes, who bats left-handed, is an explosive middle-order batsman with six Test hundreds under his belt and a dangerous right-arm fast medium bowler.
Unless you were alive 99 years ago, this is the first time in your lifetime that a total solar eclipse will move across the entire US. As a whole, lunar and solar eclipses are not that rare, there were 375 total and partial solar eclipses in the 20th century.With that being said, the likelihood of them happening in the United States is pretty rare, and total solar eclipses don't happen very often, the last one was in 1979 in the northwest, and the weather was cloudy in most spots!
Now one thing they didn't have much of in the 1970s…solar panels. Because the sun will essentially dissapear during the day, many electric companies that rely on solar power will have to beef up their power grids to account for the lack of energy coming in from the sun.
As we've been saying, Connecticut will only see 67% of the sun vanish. A bit farther south in the path of totality, stars will become visible right in the middle of the day. Here is an animation of what it will actually look like where we live. Keep in mind, the sun is extremely bright and you can get permanent eye damage if you try to stare at the sun!
Now if you are planning on walking outside from work or wherever you'll be next Monday to photograph the solar eclipse, it's important to realize that the sun is a really bright object in the sky. So if you are trying to photograph the solar eclipse, you need to use the same method that you use when you're trying to look at the solar eclipse, and that's by taking solar eclipse glasses and placing them over the lense. If you do that, you will actually be able to see the sunshine as opposed to a big blob in the sky.
If you're too busy to step outside, NASA will be streaming the event online throughout the whole day with multiple cameras across the country, and ABC will have live coverage starting at 1pm.
On August 10 and 11, Pretty Lights sold out Red Rocks for a performance with a live band. Celebrating eight consecutive years at Red Rocks, he bridged the decade with early releases and brand-new music alike. Fans young and old crowded the historic venue in anticipation, waiting to see what this year's tour had to offer.
SoDown received a welcome of a lifetime opening night one as the crowd of Red Rocks instantly stood to their feet with the mention of him hitting the stage. The smooth notes from his saxophone complimented the rhythmic groove of his mixer perfectly — even security guards became victim to the groove. SoDown's first time at Red Rocks has proven that it certainly will not be his last.
Manic Focus wasted no time hyping the crowd as they brought out a guest rapper and singer from Chicago. Calibrating sounds of classic hip-hop with heady jams and heavy bass which flowed with ease as they switched in and out songs fluidly. The sound of the violent solo followed by deep house go-go echoed on the rocks leaving rooted chills of excitement.
Daily Bread kicked off night two. The Atlanta DJ and producer spent his debut Red Rocks performance accompanied by a full-time drummer and a separate part-time rapper. He mixed rock influenced dubstep and electronica with the occasional funk tracks and heavy bass lines. It was a good time for those who showed up early.
G Jones was next up, spicing up the lighting and bumping the bass music. Grungy techno sounds were met with heavy drops and dubs. The lighting was simple but ever-evolving — black and white visions of construction sites, parking garages, psychedelic mannequins and more transitioned throughout the set. The set was good, but it would have been much better had the volume been louder. The show started out a bit quiet, seemingly increasing in volume about halfway through, but still not to the standards of some bassheads in attendance.
Both nights Pretty Lights gave humble words of excitement to his fans. He introduced the members of the band — as any gracious host would — and they gave mini solos, showing off their talented skills and joked with the young producer. The show had an intimate moment among the band as they played and shared laughs and glances — it was as if Pretty Lights was just jamming with good friends and the crowd embraced every minute, grasping at the color stained smoke exploding from the stage.
“Blessed to come home and light up the rocks with you.” – Smith on Facebook
Rotating square tiles and projection screens laced the stage. Laser cones of warm rainbow color rays danced along the rocks and vibrated with every bass drop. He used similar light techniques of last year — turning a laser show for the crowd into a wall of lasers at the foot of the stage.
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
Smith hardly used any vocal samples in the beginning of both sets keeping it light and mellow, but he worked his up to funkier beats. After a bit more time with these more movable beats and catchy samples, I realized he was working through the genres. He had just worked through funk, was now on hip-hop and verging '80s synths even. He stepped up the sampling even featuring Britney Spears' “Toxic” and the synths of Eurythmics “Sweet Dreams.”
Pretty Lights gave a special gift to all of his fans who couldn't be at the show at Red Rocks by live streaming both nights for free on Facebook, on top of releasing 16 new tracks this month. Smith even gave his fans a performance of his secret track “There I Am” on night one. After almost a decade of shows at Red Rocks, Pretty Lights has certainly proven that his sound is timeless and we can't seem to get enough.
All photography by Meg O'Neill unless noted otherwise.
The ad pictures a crystal-clear creek tumbling over boulders down a verdant mountainside. In the background a nubile blonde clad in short shorts and halter top hikes away from the camera. Her well-muscled companion leans against his gleaming sports car parked at the base of the boulders. He gazes up at his woman. One hand dangles a lit cigarette; the other carries a pack of them.
© Reuters/ Khalil Ashawi
Turkey's Olive Branch Operation
The Turkish Armed Forces have killed 74 more militants of the Kurdish Democratic Union Party (PYD), the Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG), and the Daesh terrorist group (banned in Russia) during the military operation in Syria's northern district of Afrin."The Turkish Air Force has hit 15 targets, including hideouts, firing points and weapons depots of PYD, YPG and IS terrorist groups during Operation Olive Branch. The aircraft participating in the operation have successfully returned to their bases. At least 74 terrorists were killed, bringing the total number [of killed militants] since the beginning of the operation to 897," the statement obtained by Sputnik read. The Turkish General Staff commented on the development of the operation saying that the military advance was ongoing as planned.Ankara started an offensive with the support of the Free Syrian Army forces in the Syrian Kurdish-dominated city of Afrin on January 20, aiming to protect its borders from what they call a "terrorist army," referring to Kurdish militants groups in the area. The operation dubbed Olive Branch primarily targeting the US-backed YPG, which are considered by Ankara to be affiliates of the Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK), designated as a terrorist organization in Turkey and several other countries.The Kurdish militants, who vowed to protect the Kurdish population from the Turkish army, continue to fight back: on February 2, six rockets from Afrin hit Turkey's southern provinces of Kilis and Hatay, injuring at least 11 people. A day before, another shelling of the center of Turkish Kilis wounded one civilian.Commenting on the attacks in the Turkish border cities of Reyhanli and Kilis , Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim stated that the Kurdish Democratic Union Party (PYD) had killed five Turkish citizens and injured over 100 more since the start of the country's military operation in Syria's Afrin district, firing 82 rockets at Turkish border districts with Syria.However, explaining the mission of the offensive, Ankara stressed that it was not aimed against the Syrian government, calling the territorial integrity of Syria its mutual goal with Damascus.
NEW YORK (AP) — “Hamilton” creator Lin-Manuel Miranda released a new original song Friday to raise money for Puerto Rican hurricane relief and he's enlisted some of the biggest Latin stars in music to help.
“Almost Like Praying” features Jennifer Lopez, Marc Anthony, Camila Cabello, Gloria Estefan, Fat Joe, Luis Fonsi, John Leguizamo and Rita Moreno, among many others. All proceeds from the download and stream go to The Hispanic Federation's disaster relief fund .
“I was like every Puerto Rican with ties to the island, with family on the island. We all had a terrible few days of silence. For some, those days were weeks,” Miranda told The Associated Press. “For me, that helplessness turned into, ‘OK, well what can I write that will help? Can I write a tune that we can monetize?'”
Miranda said he made an a cappella demo in a bathroom in Austria — where he was on vacation — and sent it to Atlantic Records, enlisting help. The subsequent recording process took a breath-taking 72 hours and took him to studios in New York City, Los Angeles and Miami to link up with the music stars. “Everyone said yes and then it became the logistics of getting everyone recorded,” he said.
The song borrows from “Maria,” the classic song from Leonard Bernstein and Stephen Sondheim's “West Side Story” and Miranda said the song popped into his head after the hurricane by the same name devastated Puerto Rico on Sept. 20.
The song's lyrics list all of the 78 towns of Puerto Rico. Miranda said he didn't want inland and mountainous communities to be ignored as bigger cities get power and food.
“This song is designed so that those towns never feel forgotten again,” he said. “I cannot wait for Puerto Ricans to hear Luis Fonsi sing the name of their town or J.Lo to sing the name of their town.”
One verse turned out to be exceedingly hard to get. Miranda reached out to the rapper PJ Sin Suela but never heard back. Sin Suela finally answered on Saturday, saying he was on the island and had just gotten power. He offered to help and Miranda asked if there was a studio nearby where he could record a verse.
Sin Suela found one in San Juan and recorded the verse but couldn't get enough bandwidth to email it to Miranda. Estefan, who was flying to Puerto Rico the next day on a relief mission, volunteered to pick it up. On Monday night, while Miranda was working on the song in Miami, Estefan sent him a photo of her holding a memory stick — containing the missing verse.
“Everyone cried, we were in tears. We screamed, ‘We got this verse out of Puerto Rico!'” said Miranda. “That gives you an example of the effort and the cooperation involved.”
Also featured on the song are Ruben Blades, Pedro Capo, Dessa, Juan Luis Guerra, Alex Lacamoire, Ednita Nazario, Joell Ortiz, Anthony Ramos, Gina Rodriguez, Gilberto Santa Rosa, Tommy Torres and Ana Villafane. (Ricky Martin and Daddy Yankee were too busy with relief efforts to join in). “Everyone is doing their part. I've never seen such mobilization in my life,” Miranda said.
The Tony, Emmy and Grammy-winning Miranda has long used his megaphone for social causes, including asking Congress to help dig Puerto Rico out of its debt crisis, performing at a fundraiser for Hillary Clinton on Broadway, lobbying to stop gun violence in America and teaming up with Jennifer Lopez on the benefit single “Love Make the World Go Round.”
Miranda has been critical of President Donald Trump's response to Hurricane Maria but had nothing but praise for the ordinary Americans who have sent diapers, baby formula, batteries and money and other aid to the island. Many communities there are still waiting for power and clean water.
“This was an unprecedented disaster and requires an unprecedented federal response. They have not yet gotten an unprecedented federal response,” Miranda said. “I am longing and waiting and jumping up and down for a federal response to match the response of our people.”
___
Online: https://hispanicfederation.org/unidos
___
Mark Kennedy is at http://twitter.com/KennedyTwits
A rapper has been jailed for writing songs that prosecutors said glorified terrorism and insulted the Spanish crown.Josep Miquel Arenas, 24, from Mallorca, penned lyrics that called for political assassinations in the style of Basque separatist group ETA and said one regional politician 'deserved an atom bomb'.The singer, known as Valtonyc, appealed against an earlier conviction on the grounds of freedom of expression and artistic freedoms.But his three-and-a-half year prison sentence was upheld at the Supreme Court in Madrid on Tuesday.The tribunal declared Valtonyc's songs contained messages that praised 'not only the political objectives of but the violent means employed by' ETA and clandestine Leninist group GRAPO.Judges said reading the texts was enough 'to grasp the severity of the crime'.One song contained the line 'We want the deaths of these pigs', while another threatened the armed occupation of a royal palace in the Mallorcan capital of Palma.Street protests in Valtonyc's native Mallorca had called for his acquittal, but a second appeal is thought unlikely.
New allegations have surfaced against Hollywood producer Harvey Weinstein, who has been accused of sexually harassing actresses and assistants for several years. A decade ago, Weinstein allegedly trapped Fox News reporter Lauren Sivan in a restaurant hallway in New York and masturbated until he ejaculated, Huffington Post reported. Sivan, who was a news anchor at a local channel at the time, detailed the incident, adding that Weinstein called her at work the next day to tell her that he “had a great time last night”.
The producer has gone on a leave of absence from his company following a New York Times report accusing him of “decades of sexual harassment”. The report stated that Weinstein reached confidential settlements with at least eight women. Actors Ashley Judd and Rose McGowan, among others, have accused Weinstein of sexual harassment in the report.
The film and television studio The Weinstein Company, which the producer co-founded with his brother Bob, confirmed that it has called for an independent investigation into the allegations after conducting an emergency board meeting. “We strongly endorse Harvey Weinstein's already-announced decision to take an indefinite leave of absence from the Company, commencing today,” the board said in a statement on Friday. “Next steps will depend on Harvey's therapeutic progress, the outcome of the Board's independent investigation, and Harvey's own personal decisions.”
Bob Weintstein, who is reportedly estranged from Harvey and is looking to wrest control of the studio, will manage the company with chief operating officer David Glasser in the interim. Three board members, including billionaire investor Dirk Ziff, have resigned in the wake of the allegations.
Although Weinstein's legal advisor Lisa Bloom regarded Weinstein's behavior as “gross” and illegal in an interview to ABC News, she told the Associated Press that many of the allegations did not constitute sexual harassment. “Some of the allegations which I have read are, ‘He told me I had a nice dress on.' ‘He told me I looked cute without my glasses,'” Bloom said. “Probably he shouldn't be saying things like that in the workplace. Does that rise to the level of sexual harassment, legally? No, it doesn't.”
Weinstein has produced several critically and commercially successful films such as Pulp Fiction, Shakespeare in Love and Silver Linings Playbook, and is also known to make large monetary contributions to Democratic candidates. The Democratic National Committee has reportedly regarded the allegations as “deeply troubling”, and Republican supporters have been calling out Democratic leaders such as Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama for staying silent on the allegations.
Most of Hollywood too has been tight-lipped in the wake of the Times report. The Daily Beast reportedly reached out to dozens of prominent actors, actresses, and filmmakers, all of whom refrained from commenting on the allegations against the producer. “For as long as Hollywood has existed, the “casting couch”—wherein film executives and filmmakers prey on powerless ingénues—has been so familiar as to become hackneyed,” says a report in The Daily Beast.
Variety speculated that many prominent names would have “trouble distancing” themselves from the producer, adding that the Times report was a confirmation of rumours that have surrounded Weinstein for decades.
Judd Apatow, Lena Dunham, Megan Ellison and Brie Larson are among the prominent personalities who tweeted in support of the women who have spoken up against the producer.
Women fight on. And to the men out there, stand up. We need you as allies. #bebrave — rose mcgowan (@rosemcgowan) October 5, 2017
Wealthy people buy silence with settlements.The confidentiality clause allows predators to hurt other people. For decades. https://t.co/3SAn2A2h24 — Judd Apatow (@JuddApatow) October 5, 2017
Women face serious repercussions for sharing their experiences and deserve our full support. I admire the courage of these women. https://t.co/dELkW1rFkT — Megan Ellison (@meganeellison) October 6, 2017
As always, I stand with the brave survivors of sexual assault and harassment. It's not your fault. I believe you. — Brie Larson (@brielarson) October 5, 2017
The woman who chose to speak about their experience of harassment by Harvey Weinstein deserve our awe. It's not fun or easy. It's brave. — Lena Dunham (@lenadunham) October 5, 2017
So far, Harvey Weinstein has checked off “Sex” and “Lies,” but I really don't want to see the Videotape. — Stephen Colbert (@StephenAtHome) October 7, 2017
Wayfinder Proppants presented on its planned project for sand extraction in Lac Ste. Anne County during a regular County council meeting on Dec. 6.
Council then moved to give a first reading to a bylaw that would rezone four properties to allow the extraction.
Wayfinder supplies Western Canada market with proppants, which is solid material used to keep an induced hydraulic fracture open for oil and gas production. Wayfinder president Chad Bremmer said this new project would entail setting up an extraction site for a sand quarry.
“It's a good resource,” Bremmer said, adding it could last 15 to 20 years.
Bremmer explained that this sand would be pumped through a slurry pipeline to a processing plant.
“A lot of the sand isn't worth anything unless you have one of these wash plants or these processing plants to go with it, so it might actually open up more opportunities for the County,” he said.
He estimated that the construction would create 40 full-time jobs, while actual operations would require 50 full-time jobs and help support local businesses.
Regarding concerns of the project, Bremmer said the three most common ones were noise, traffic and water pollution. However, he estimated there would be 30 to 40 additional trucks per day, only 0.4 per cent additional traffic for Highway 43.
Wayfinder had also hired a noise engineer who determined that the noise created would be “minimal” according to Bremmer. He added that the water used for the plant would come from sand deposits, while the slurry pipeline would have clay liners.
“It's very thick clay. It's perfect building material,” Bremmer said.
Coun. Lloyd Giebelhaus said he had heard generally positive feedback from the residents about this project.
“I think Wayfinder has done exceptional work on their homework,” Giebelhaus said.
Council also moved to receive the presentation as presented. A public hearing regarding the rezoning bylaw is scheduled for Jan. 11.
pshokeir@postmedia.com
Twitter: @PeterShokeir
If it doesn't fit the narrative, there's no harm in shelving it. It appears that evidence proving the purported chemical weapons attack in Douma was staged has been largely disregarded by the mainstream newsmakers in the West.
The alleged attack and the subsequent airstrikes by the US, UK and France have been dominating the Western news agenda for several weeks now.
On April 7, several media outlets reported that the Syrian army had used chlorine in Douma, killing up to 70 people and injuring hundreds. Footage showing the aftermath of the "attack" appeared on social media, showing men and women shouting, rushing and hosing down adults and children inside a hospital building.
The video has been acquired and shown by most Western news media under the tagline "Children are treated after a suspected chemical attack in rebel-held Douma, Syria" or similar headlines.
Responding to the video and the allegations, the Syrian Defense Ministry said the claims were based on hearsay and testimonies by jihadist militants, and not backed up by hard facts. Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said all proofs by the West were "based on media and social networks."
© Sputnik / Aleksey Nikolskyi Lavrov: Macron Refused to Share "Proof" of Alleged Syria Chemical Attack With Putin
However, the footage and the "irrefutable evidence" reportedly in possession of French President Emmanuel Macron were evidence enough for the allies — US, UK and France — to conduct cruise missile strikes on a number of targets in Syria.
In his conversation with Russian President Vladimir Putin, Macron refused to reveal what that "irrefutable evidence" was. Nevertheless, the events around the alleged attack received detailed coverage by British, American and international media as essential developments of the situation in Eastern Ghouta.
Staged Participation
Proof that the Douma hospital video was staged was presented to the international media on April 18, when the Russia 24 TV channel released an exclusive interview with the Syrian boy Hassan Diab, who was originally seen in the Douma video. Hassan said he was rushed to the hospital with his mother, and when they entered the hospital, unknown people grabbed and poured water on him, placing him with other patients after that.
"We were in the basement. Mom told me that today we don't have anything to eat and that we will eat tomorrow. We heard a cry outside, calling "go to the hospital." We ran to the hospital and as soon as I entered, they grabbed me and started pouring water on me," Hassan Diab said.
Hassan's father also spoke about the incident, saying "there were no chemical weapons" and that the "militants gave them dates, cookies and rice for participating in this film."
Left Out of the Media Picture
The interview, however, went largely unnoticed by mainstream newsmakers. In the rare cases the interview with Hassan got a mention, it was referred to as line pushed by "Russian state media."
A precursor to the Sun's news headline "Russian TV claims Syria chemical attack boy, 11, filmed being doused with water was tricked into taking part in return for biscuits" was the phrase: "Fake Views."
A Times' headline attributes the fact that Hassan was paid off with food — to Russian TV, not the boy's father, who made the statement.
In comparison, the Times didn't attribute mentions of the alleged Douma attack to information presented by the White Helmets, a foreign-sponsored organization operating in Syria. Moreover, if some of the Times' headlines featured the phrase "gas attack" in quotations, the effort wears out, as seen in other titles.
Throughout the development of the Douma story, most news channels have made the effort of calling the reported event "an alleged attack" — and some still oblige. But as time passed, headlines omitting the crucial qualifier started popping up online and in television discussions.
© Sputnik / Mikhail Voskresenskiy Syrian Doctor Reveals Why There Was No Chemical Attack in Douma
The US broadcaster Fox News posted the alleged attack video online under the headline "Disturbing video: Children being treated after chemical attack in Syria" on April 9, which indicated certainty that the attack did happen and that chemical weapons had been used. However, a search for mentions of or statements by Hassan and his father on the Fox News website gives zero results.
CNN's coverage follows a similar scenario. Even though some of CNN's headlines on Douma stipulate that it was a "suspected" attack, others simply define it as a "chemical attack in Syria." There is no information on Hassan and his recollection of events that took place on April 9.
Searches on the New York Times, the Wall Street Journal and the Washington Post return no articles telling the story of Hassan and his father.
Due Impartiality
Very little coverage has been dedicated overall to Hassan's witness statement, in effect disproving the pretext for an international military attack.
© AP Photo / Peter Dejong Russia Wants Syrian Boy From White Helmets' Footage to Address OPCW on Alleged Douma Chem Attack
As a consequence, international audiences were largely left out of the balanced discussion over a matter so imperative to the public. According to a recent poll, respondents in Britain mostly opposed a missile attack against Syrian military targets.
The principle of section five of the Ofcom Broadcasting Code, under which all media operate in Britain, is "to ensure that news, in whatever form, is reported with due accuracy and presented with due impartiality." Disregarding important developments around the Douma "attack" does not appear to be in compliance with not "favoring one side over another."
Hassan Diab may be brought to testify to the OPCW, Russia's Permanent Representative to OPCW, Alexander Shulgin, said in a recent interview.
"At a certain point, I told my Western colleagues: we, probably, will have to use another language, since you don't understand what we are saying. We will bring here, in The Hague, eyewitnesses who will personally tell you it was a choreographed provocation. I will do my best to have this boy speak here," Mr. Shulgin said.
He added, however, that "everything is possible" and Hassan might not be allowed to give a statement at the OPCW.
© J. Scott Applewhite / Associated Press
'At some point, a court might have to step in'
© Drew Angerer/Getty Images
'There's very little precedent for this'
Reports that the FBI's special counsel's team is researching President Donald Trump's pardon power are the latest indication that the Russia investigation is moving into unexplored terrain.Robert Mueller, who was appointed special counsel in May after Trump fired the FBI Director James Comey, is tasked with examining Russia's interference in the 2016 US election, including whether Trump's campaign colluded with Moscow to tilt the race in his favor.Bloomberg reported on Tuesday that Michael Dreeben There is no federal precedent governing those limits, so Dreeben, a veteran Department of Justice attorney who has argued more than 100 cases before the Supreme Court, is most likely digging into state-level cases with elements that could be extrapolated as they relate to Trump's executive authority.Like the president, governors also have the authority to grant pardons - and Renato Mariotti, a former federal prosecutor, told Business Insider that it was possible Dreeben was looking into state-level case law going back to the country's early years to find instances in which a court found a governor's pardon problematic."Dreeben's probably spending all day researching those cases, and he's probably going to find some analogy that Mueller can use" in case Trump issues a preemptive pardon or one that stymies the investigation, Mariotti said.Mariotti added that the revelation was "really something" and one of the biggest developments in the investigation so far.Trump's pardon power became a subject of interest after The Washington Post reported in July that the president had asked his advisers whether he could pardon aides, family members, or possibly himself as the Russia investigation ramped up.In addition to Trump's campaign, Mueller's investigation also encompasses several of the president's close associates, including his campaign chairman, Paul Manafort ; his former national security adviser, Michael Flynn ; his senior adviser and son-in-law, Jared Kushner ; and his son Donald Trump Jr The Constitution grants the president very broad pardon powers relating to federal crimes - something Trump has pointed out."While all agree the U. S. President has the complete power to pardon, why think of that when only crime so far is LEAKS against us. FAKE NEWS," Trump tweeted in July.Trump's statements and actions indicate that "we have every reason to think that this president will not hesitate to use any means at his disposal to avoid scrutiny of himself, his family, and his inner circle," said Claire Finkelstein, a professor at the University of Pennsylvania Law School.The president in August pardoned Joe Arpaio , the Arizona sheriff who was convicted of criminal contempt in July for violating the terms of a 2011 court order in a racial-profiling case. Arpaio was an early and ardent advocate for Trump on the campaign trail, and Trump told a crowd at a rally in Arizona shortly before granting the pardon that Arpaio would be "just fine.""Imagine a circumstance where Trump pardons one of his associates in the Russia probe - that associate is then compelled to testify, but they refuse to do so, they're then held in contempt, and Trump pardons them again," Mariotti said. "At some point, a court might have to step in because the president would be defeating the lawful function of our criminal justice system."Experts are also exploring whether Trump could pardon someone if doing so would fit into a pattern of obstruction of justice Finkelstein laid out a scenario in which parallels could be drawn to the circumstances surrounding Comey's firing in May.The White House initially said Comey was dismissed because of his handling of the investigation into former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton's use of private email, but Trump later told NBC's Lester Holt that "this Russia thing" had been a factor in his decision.Comey also told the Senate Intelligence Committee in June that before firing him, Trump asked him to drop the Russia investigation and the FBI's inquiry into Flynn, who was forced to resign as national security adviser when it emerged that he had misled the vice president about his contacts with Russians during the transition period.While the president has the power to fire the FBI director, he does not have the right to do so if his intent is to cover up an investigation into whether he or his associates committed misdeeds. Whether Trump had " corrupt intent " when he fired Comey is the basis of Mueller's obstruction-of-justice investigation."One could make a parallel argument here and say that if the president's motive in issuing a pardon is to avoid scrutiny of his or his associates' actions, that constitutes an overstepping of his constitutional authority," Finkelstein said.There is, however, one key difference between the two scenarios:Jon Michaels, a professor at the UCLA School of Law, said Tuesday that it was becoming clear that by probing the questions surrounding Trump's pardon power, Mueller's team was "being very strategic" and was "trying to preempt efforts that have the effect of insulating the administration from the investigations."The lengths to which the special counsel's team is going to get ahead of the White House are unusual, said Jens David Ohlin, a vice dean at Cornell Law School who's an expert in criminal law.Mariotti agreed and said that in his long career as a federal prosecutor, he never investigated someone he thought the president might pardon in the middle of the investigation."Think of how rare that is," he said. "These are things we've never seen before. The pardon power is usually used years later, when someone's already served time. So it's unusual - very unusual - for a prosecutor to be considering these questions."It's impossible to know how things would play out if Mueller faced off with Trump over Trump's authority to grant pardons, experts said, because of its unique and broad nature, and because it is written in the US Constitution."It would take a lot for a court to limit the power," Mariotti said. "But this is the sort of crazy situation where it just might happen."
TONIGHT
DRAGONS V ROOSTERS
Allianz Stadium, 4.10pm
History: Played 37, Dragons 19, Roosters 17, drawn 1
Last met: Roosters 13-12, round 8, 2017
While pure 2018 season stats point to a Dragons win, history tells us that this Anzac Day clash will be another nail-biter. Despite last week's loss to the Warriors, the Dragons are off to a superb start and will again field an unchanged 17 - for the eighth successive week. Add to that the best attack and third-best defence in the competition and $1.81 appears good odds. But Allianz Stadium, against the Roosters, is not their favourite venue. The Roosters have won 15 of 25 there, including six of the past eight. In their 6-nil win over the Bulldogs last week the Roosters weren't pretty, but in true Anzac style they bogged down in the trenches and defended magnificently. If under-pressure halves Cooper Cronk and Luke Keary can add some gloss to the stuttering attack, this appeals as another blockbuster, although the powerful Dragons forwards may not allow their opposition to build a commanding platform.
TIP - Dragons
STORM V WARRIORS
AAMI Park, 7pm
History: Played 40, Storm 22, Warriors 16, drawn 2
Last met: Storm 20-14, round 8, 2017
While the Dragons-Roosters clash is hailed the traditional Anzac Day match, this appeals as the "genuine" one - Aussies v Kiwis. And it, too, shapes as a ripper. Both sides were outstanding last week with the Warriors downing the previously unbeaten Dragons, and the Storm bouncing back to their lethal best in Brisbane - a sign their mojo has returned. But unlike many clubs, the Warriors do not fear AAMI Park, where their record is a respectable three from eight. The forward clash should replicate a battle royal, although the Storm will sorely miss the power of Jessie Bromwich. And while rookie halfback Mason Lino has performed admirably in the absence of Shaun Johnson, these are the matches in which the great No.7 shines, and his brilliance will be also missed by the Warriors. As much as the Warriors have been the surprise packet of the season, after last week's performance the Storm looks to be back in business, and should win.
TIP - Storm
TOMORROW
RABBITOHS V BRONCOS
ANZ Stadium, 7.50pm
History: Played 36, Broncos 26, Rabbitohs 9, drawn 1
Last met: Broncos 24-18, round 14, 2017
If Darius Boyd wants to play State of Origin this year, it is the perfect time to start his resurrection tonight when he comes up against Maroon certainties Greg Inglis and Dane Gagai. Boyd has been well below his best and, like new boy Jack Bird, needs to lift his involvement against the red-hot Rabbitohs, who will be weaker without Sam Burgess. But the Broncos are also less potent without defensive mainstay Andrew McCullough, and the switch of Joss McGuire to dummy half robs them of vital go-forward. The Broncos have an imposing 26-9 record against the Rabbitohs, but that will mean nothing if Brisbane's leaky defence doesn't improve.
TIP - Broncos
Darius Boyd gets the chance to press his State of Origin selection claims when he comes up against Maroon certainties Greg Inglis and Dane Gagai in the clash between the Broncos and the Rabbitohs. Picture: Glenn Hunt/aap
FRIDAY
SEA EAGLES V KNIGHTS
Lottoland, 6.00pm (AEST)
History: Played 49, Sea Eagles 31, Knights 18
Last met: Knights 19-18, round 1, 2018
Pressure is mounting on the troubled Sea Eagles and unless they find some form, and composure, they could be headed for more strife. Already under salary cap restraint and without two key forwards for the season, they now have two wingers sidelined - all adding to their internal issues. But despite those tribulations, the Knights may suffer more from the likely season-ending injury to Mitchell Pearce, who has been integral to their huge improvement. Both teams need to re-group, and the noise of the Manly faithful at Brookvale might just give the home side the edge.
TIP - Sea Eagles
PANTHERS V BULLDOGS
Panthers Stadium, 7.50pm
History: Played 93, Bulldogs 52, Panthers 38, drawn 3
Last met: Bulldogs 20-18, round 3, 2018
While last week's unexpected loss to the Sharks was a downer, it might well shake the impressive Panthers back to reality. They appeared uncharacteristically out of sorts at the weekend but are still sitting pretty in third sport despite their long injury list. Conversely, the Bulldogs backed up their impressive win over the Cowboys with a gutsy losing effort against the Roosters and won some new admirers. But nil scores don't win matches and now they need to find some spark in attack. Sitting 14th with just two wins but a 23-21 record at Penrith, the Dogs can certainly spring an upset if the Panthers again take their eye off the ball.
TIP - Panthers
SATURDAY
TITANS V SHARKS
Cbus Super Stadium, 5.30pm
History: Played 17, Titans 8, Sharks 8, drawn 1
Last met: Titans 30-10, round 19, 2017
Surprisingly, the Titans have won the past three clashes between these clubs and, at home for just the second time this season, they will be hell-bent on continuing that streak in front of their faithful. But having conceded 27 points a game after seven rounds - the most in the competition - they don't appear to have a hope in hell against the back-to-form Sharks unless they put their bodies on the line. Bryce Cartwright at five-eight for the Titans is a mystifying selection.
TIP - Sharks
COWBOYS V RAIDERS
1300SMILES Stadium, 7.35pm
History: Played 39, Raiders 21, Cowboys 18
Last met: Cowboys 31-18, round 17, 2017
After finally breaking through for a victory last weekend, the Cowboys could well go on a winning run. While most of the players have struck form, Maroons incumbent Michel Morgan is still struggling. But against a Raiders side conceding 23 points a game, Saturday could be his night. The hapless Raiders have issues other than form, with several high-profile players off contact and reportedly looking elsewhere. It is not an ideal time to head to Townsville, where they won have just seven times in 19 visits - their last victory 12 years ago.
TIP - Cowboys
Cowboys playmaker Michael Morgan has been struggling to reproduce his form of 2017.
SUNDAY
EELS V TIGERS
ANZ Stadium, 4.10pm
History: Played 36, Eels 20, Tigers 15, drawn 1
Last met: Tigers 30-20, round 4, 2018
It is again reunion time for the Tigers - the second time in 2018 they have played the same team twice within two months. And while they already have two wins against the Storm, a rejuvenated eel may be a poser on Sunday. The Tigers are still well positioned in fourth place after last weekend's surprise loss to the Knights, and have the best defence in the competition, but the Eels looked electric last weekend and if they bring that same energy could cause a boilover. The return of Chris Lawrence is a plus for the Tigers.
TIP - Tigers
COMPILED BY TONY DURKIN
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Cambridge United have signed a match ball and website sponsorship deal with Ethos.
The business communications firm's branding will feature on the club's online platform and a new match ball plinth at every home game next season.
As part of the ball deal, Ethos will also be choosing a community hero of the day for each home fixture.
The selected person, who will be picked from nominations made by United fans, will be invited to the game and have a number of exclusive matchday experiences, including delivering the ball to the referee before the game and being interviewed by the on-pitch announcer.
Ethos business development director Tony Collard said: “Here at Ethos we see this sponsorship as the starting point for a very exciting long term relationship with the U's.
“We are delighted to be the match ball and website sponsor for the forthcoming season.
"Both Ethos and the U's share very similar values and ethics. Our heartfelt desire is to support the club as they continue to develop both on and off the pitch.
“These are exciting times for the club, the city and our business. All of us are growing and want to support each other as we progress.
“We wish everybody associated with the U's a successful and fulfilling 2017/2018 season.”
United business operations manager Henry Comfort added: “We are absolutely delighted to welcome Ethos to Cambridge United as a significant partner of the club.
“Sponsorship deals such as these are vital in supporting the ambitions of our club, and we are therefore thankful to Ethos for their support.
"Ethos have also seen the substantial commercial benefits derived from a partnership with Cambridge United, as they have developed a number of mutually beneficial relationships with our other official partners, and members of the wider business community who are engaged with Cambridge United.
“It is clear that Ethos are a really innovative and ambitious company, who seek to do things excellently.
"As we have developed a relationship with Ethos over the past 6 months, the alignment between our values has been incredibly apparent.
"We now look forward to formally working with Ethos, and continuing to develop this relationship long into the future.”
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Eddie Nolan is praying Crewe Alex's contract rebels sign up for next season – and warned switching clubs can ‘backfire'.
The central defender is certain to be at Gresty Road next term after a clause in his deal for a further 12 months was triggered earlier this year.
And the 29-year-old is excited about the future – particularly if midfielders James Jones, Callum Ainley and Charlie Kirk put pen-to-paper on the extensions they've been offered.
Nolan, who has played for nine clubs, says the youngsters have every right to decide what is best for their own careers. But he admitted jumping ship is not always the right course of action.
“They've kept it to themselves, I don't know what's going on really, but I'd love them to stay,” he said.
“They are very good players who will go onto have great careers but, for me personally, I think Crewe is the right place for them right now.
“I want them to stay but it's their careers. I've been in their position before and there was once, maybe twice, that I made the wrong move and it backfired a bit. But you don't know at the time.
“I'd love them to stay, and we have a lot of good young players – it's not just those three.”
Homegrown players Jones, Ainley and Kirk will all be out of contract in a couple of months. While they cannot walk away for free due to their age, losing them for roughly £200,000-£300,000 in compensation each would be a blow to the club.
Nolan, who started out at Blackburn and includes Preston and Scunthorpe amongst his former clubs, was a low key signing last summer but has perhaps turned out to be the best.
Having made just a dozen league starts for York and Blackpool in the two previous campaigns, it was expected the versatile ex-Republic of Ireland under 21 international would just provide cover.
But Nolan has become a mainstay at the heart of the defence, starting 46 games and impressing with his composed, efficient style.
Now he is a big favourite to be named Player of the Year.
Nolan added: “I've never got a player-of-the-year award at professional level before so I'd be happy, but the most important thing for me this season was just getting back to playing regularly.
“It's the first time I've been at a club where I've played the same position nearly all season.
“Having a consistent position has helped a lot.”
Related Coverage Russian spy ship seen patrolling off Connecticut coast
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on President Donald Trump (all times EST):
10:40 a.m.
President Donald Trump and first lady Melania Trump plan to host Sen. Marco Rubio and his wife for dinner Wednesday.
The White House said Rubio and his wife Jeanette are expected to join the Trumps at 6:30 p.m.
The Florida senator was one of the large field of Republicans Trump beat out on his way to the White House. Trump famously dubbed him “little Marco” during the primary battle.
Trump hosted another 2016 candidate Tuesday. New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and his wife Mary Pat came to the White House for lunch.
Related: Russian spy ship seen patrolling off Connecticut coast
__
9 a.m.
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer has called a meeting of Democratic senators to discuss the resignation of President Donald Trump's national security adviser and published reports about contacts between Trump's campaign and Moscow.
Another leading Democrat, Illinois Sen. Dick Durbin, is pressing the Democrats' case for an independent investigation. He and other Democrats say that's the best way to answer questions about the Trump administration's ties to Russia.
Republican leaders continue to refuse to consider that option and say three congressional investigations underway are enough.
Durbin tells MSNBC that it's a “graveyard” for investigations when congressional intelligence committees get involved because their work is largely done outside of public view.
___
8 a.m.
President Donald Trump appears to be faulting the Obama administration for being “too soft” on Russia, pointing to Russia's annexation of Crimea from Ukraine on President Barack Obama's watch.
He tweeted, “Crimea was TAKEN by Russia during the Obama Administration. Was Obama too soft on Russia?”
In that and a series of other morning tweets Wednesday, Trump appeared to be trying to distance himself from any appearance of close ties with Russia following published reports that U.S. agencies had intercepted phone calls last year between Russian intelligence officials and his 2016 campaign team.
Trump denounced “this Russian connection non-sense” as “merely an attempt to cover up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton's losing campaign.”
Trump's remarks come on the heels of the resignation of his national security adviser, Michael Flynn, after it was revealed that he'd reportedly discussed sanctions with Russia's ambassador to the U.S. before Trump was sworn in.
___
6:45 a.m.
President Donald Trump is renewing his attack on the “fake news media” amid the widening controversy surrounding the ouster of his national security adviser and talk of congressional investigations of purported Russian meddling in the U.S. presidential election last year.
Trump posted a pre-dawn message on his verified Twitter account Wednesday complaining, “The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred.” He said, “This Russian connection non-sense is merely an attempt to cover up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton's losing campaign.”
He added in the post that “@MSNBC & @CNN are unwatchable. @foxandfriends is great!”
The latest tweet follows a pattern of social media messages that Trump has sent, chastising news organizations both during his campaign for the White House and in the more than three weeks since his inauguration.
__
6:30 a.m.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell is likening President Donald Trump to Andrew Jackson, saying he's what the American people wanted when they elected him.
The Kentucky Republican tells MSNBC's “Morning Joe” that voters “wanted a different kind of president.” He adds that “I like what he's doing,” particularly his emphasis on lessening government regulation of business.
McConnell also said he considers Neil Gorsuch, the man Trump picked to replace the late Antonin Scalia on the Supreme Court, to be “the single best circuit court judge in the nation.”
He did disagree with Trump, who has asserted that millions of illegal votes in the election caused him to lose the popular vote to Democrat Hillary Clinton. “There is voter fraud in the country,” McConnell said. “But there is no evidence that there was significant enough vote fraud to affect the outcome of the election.”
“I'm more interested in what he's doing than what he's tweeting,” McConnell said.
__
3:15 a.m.
Just six days into his presidency, Donald Trump was informed his national security adviser had misled his vice president about contacts with Russia. Trump kept his No. 2 in the dark and waited nearly three weeks before ousting the aide, Michael Flynn, citing a slow but steady erosion of trust, White House officials said.
Flynn was interviewed by the FBI about his telephone conversations with Russia's ambassador to the U.S., a sign his ties to Russia had caught the attention of law enforcement officials.
But in the White House's retelling of Flynn's stunning downfall, his error was not that he discussed U.S. sanctions with the Russian before the inauguration — a potential violation of a rarely enforced law — but the fact that he denied it for weeks, apparently misleading Vice President Mike Pence and other senior Trump aides about the nature of the conversations. White House officials said they conducted a thorough review of Flynn's interactions, including transcripts of calls secretly recorded by U.S. intelligence officials, but found nothing illegal.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
× Expand Photo courtesy Deer Run Farm
Deer Run Farm: King William County, 804-994-9270
History: Deer Run Farm began in 2005, when husband-and-wife team Chris and Britney Rudolph bought the land across the street from Chris' family farm, Pleasant Fields Farm. The two worked on their own crops during weekends and afternoons, and after four years of pursuing it on the side, Chris began farming full time. Now Chris, Britney and their two daughters tend the land.
Specialties: “We do grow a large variety, such as a large portion of tomatoes and melons,” Britney says of the farm's more than 40 types of fruits and vegetables. Deer Run also offers honey, eggs, flowers and herbs.
Production methods: Deer Run Farm is considered conventional, and prides itself on only spraying its crops if needed. The Rudolphs also rotate their crops, and curb disease with trickle irrigation and by avoiding overhead watering.
Where to find in RVA: This family-run operation vends at Birdhouse Farmers Market, Ashland Farmers Market, Manakin Market and Lakeside Farmers' Market. Deer Run Farm also participates with Fall Line Farms in an online co-op at falllinefarms.luluslocalfood.com, which offers 20 different drop-off locations around town.
Kansas City Chiefs offensive lineman Laurent Duvernay-Tardif can finally put away the medical books for a while and spend all his free time studying up his playbook.Duvernay-Tardif graduated from McGill University's medical school on Tuesday.The Chiefs picked Duvernay-Tardif in the sixth round of the 2014 draft, but despite playing at a smaller Canadian school, he quickly earned a starting job. But he never gave up his pursuit of medicine, spending time each offseason doing school work and hospital rotations.Duvernay-Tardif posted a photo of himself on social media after commencement wearing a lab coat with "Dr. Duvernay-Tardif" across the back and his No. 76 in Chiefs colors. "This is it!" he said. "Today I become a doctor! It also marks the beginning of a great new adventure."Duvernay-Tardif plans to begin his medical career after his playing days are over. He signed a $41.25 million, five-year contract to remain with the Chiefs last offseason.
Since becoming the youngest composer to win the Pulitzer Prize in music – age 30, in 2013 – Caroline Shaw has grown into something of a hot commodity. Her reputation has escaped even the tight orbit of classical music. The Guardian in London noted not long ago that after a 2014 concert of Shaw's Pulitzer-winning piece, Partita for 8 Voices, Kanye West went backstage to ask for her phone number, and her sounds ended up on two tracks of his album The Life of Pablo.
Saturday night, Shaw's work was front and center in Camden as Symphony in C and the Mendelssohn Club of Philadelphia unveiled a world premiere. If the two groups were hoping the new piece – a co-commission by Mendelssohn Club and Boston's Back Bay Chorale – would be stylistically akin to the Partita, they got it, at least partly. Shaw is author of a particular sound, a tranquil glow that brightens, sharpens and flickers on a spiritual quest.
The work was billed as a companion piece to Beethoven's Symphony No. 9, also performed by the two local groups. Shaw's Seven Joys, though, is really anything but a companion piece in the usual sense of two similarly scored works. Like Beethoven, it uses chorus. But no orchestra. Written for chorus and a few solo voices rising from within it, the only instrumental presence is a brass quintet.
A canny move, the brass. Shaw traffics in color, Beethoven in melodies. If the two works never spoke to each other, except perhaps in their respective takes on joy, they at least contrasted mightily. I'm not sure the concert needed its curtain-raiser, Jonathan Dove's In beauty may I walk, but the brief a cappella lovely was etched with great clarity by the Mendelssohns, led by their artistic director, Paul Rardin.
Symphony in C's leader, Stilian Kirov, was on the podium for the Beethoven, and though it had four fine vocal soloists –Antonina Chehovska, Siena Miller, Abraham Bretón and Ben Wager – it was a performance without many strong statements. Kirov took the alternately serene and liberating third movement at a sensible, slightly quicker-than-usual pace, and the orchestra of young post-grads had a standout in the singing sound of oboist Rita Mitsel. The Mendelssohn Club's men were still reaching for a completely homogenous sound in the clarity of the Gordon Theater, Rutgers University-Camden (a deficit that might have ended up less obvious by the time the concert was repeated Sunday at the Cathedral Basilica of SS. Peter and Paul in Philadelphia).
The Shaw was the main event. Each of its seven movements draws on a different text, from 17th century to contemporary, each its own way to joy. Shaw's compositional language doesn't speak to me personally, but it is a genial style. It gives listeners a lot to grab hold of: an American sound that is both broad and serene; a pulsing, meditative expansion of sound that could have accompanied a glide over the Grand Canyon; the beauty and security of certain alternating harmonies; and brass chords that very vaguely suggested Bernstein's “One Hand, One Heart.”
Stylistically, Shaw is hard to pin down, and that is part of her appeal. Seven Joys beautifully exploits coloristic alignments between the brass and voices. It is melodic, but tests the emotional effect of a melody varied slightly upon repetition, as in the first movement, “After a Storm.” Maybe most striking is the way she handles ambiguity. Joy, she seems to say, isn't only the unalloyed kind you hear in Beethoven's Ninth. Today, as in the distant past, it comes in flecks embedded in harsher realities, and we should take our joys where we find them.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
According to a report, US President Donald Trump asked aides last year if he could invade Venezuela. Picture: Getty Images/AP
According to a report, US President Donald Trump asked aides last year if he could invade Venezuela. Picture: Getty Images/AP
US PRESIDENT Donald Trump pressed his top military aides about whether he could invade Venezuela during an Oval Office discussion last year.
His inquiry came during a discussion about imposing sanctions on the South American country as it was roiled by political and economic crises, according to a report on Wednesday.
​According to the New York Post, the suggestion stunned the aides, including Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and national security adviser H.R. McMaster - both of whom are no longer with the Trump administration - and sparked a heated debate for about five minutes last August, the Associated Press reported.
Donald Trump asked his military advisers about invading Trump asked about invading Venezuela. Picture: AP
​
General McMaster was among the advisers who explained that any military action could backfire and threaten the support the US built up with other Latin American governments to punish President Nicolas Maduro for jailing opponents and consolidating power in an effort to establish a dictatorship.
Despite the arguments against, Mr Trump persisted and brought up the successful use of the US military to invade Panama and Grenada in the 1980s.
Although the US President gave no indication he was about to call up the military, the idea appeared to remain in his head.
The next day, on August 11, Mr Trump floated the idea that he would use a "military option" to solve the escalating unrest in Venezuela that threatened security in the area.
"We are all over the world and we have troops all over the world in places that are very, very far away," the president said. "Venezuela is not very far away and the people are suffering, and they are dying. We have many options for Venezuela, including a possible military option if necessary."
Mr Trump also mentioned the proposal with Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos, the AP reported, and in September spoke to leaders of four Latin American countries at the United Nations General Assembly about it.
Eventually, Gen. McMaster was able to persuade Mr Trump of how dangerous an invasion would be.
​The White House declined comment, the AP reported, but a spokesman for the National Security Council said the US will consider all options to restore Venezuela's democracy.
The US, Canada and the European Union have slapped sanctions on Maduro and dozens of Venezuela officials over allegations of corruption, drug trafficking and human rights abuses.
This article first appeared in the New York Post and is republished with permission.
DEAR CARRIE: My son drives a truck for a local delivery company. He has to clock in and clock out. His employer has told him that he doesn't pay overtime. Even when my son works 60 hours a week, the owner pays him straight time. The other thing is that he hasn't gotten a tax form to fill out and he's not getting check stubs. He gets what look like personal checks. His employer has promised him a pay stub but has not delivered. Is this legal? — Mom Needs to Know
DEAR MOM: None of this sounds legal. As an intrastate truck driver, which sounds like what your son is, he is eligible for overtime. On the other hand, those drivers whose work takes them across state lines are not. So based on your description of his job, when your son works more than 40 hours a week, he must be paid 1 1/2 times his regular hourly wage. The boss' announcement that he doesn't pay overtime doesn't trump the law, if your son is eligible for premium pay.
“An announcement by the employer that no overtime work will be permitted, or that overtime work will not be paid for unless authorized in advance . . . will not impair the employee's right to compensation for compensable overtime hours that are worked,” the U.S. Labor Department says on its website.
Under New York State's Wage Theft Prevention Act, which took effect in 2011, employers must give employees a pay stub each payday that must list such things as the hours they worked, their rates of pay and itemized deductions. Companies that fail to do so can be fined.
Tell your son to call the state Labor Department at 516-794-8195 or 212-775-3880 for more information.
DEAR CARRIE My daughter works as an early childhood teaching assistant in a private school that provides special-education services. She works six hours a day and doesn't get a break unless she has to go to the bathroom. She eats lunch while she monitors the students, who also eat in the classroom. She is never off duty unless she is in the bathroom. Is this legal? — Give Her a Break
DEAR GIVE: It's legal, but it's not a policy that is sympathetic to employees' needs. Everybody needs a break after a few hours at work.
The practice is legal because New York state law mandates meal breaks only for employees who work more than six hours a day. So your daughter just misses the threshold for a meal break, which under state law has to be at least 30 minutes of uninterrupted time.
Get the Biz Briefing newsletter! The latest LI business news in your inbox daily. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
DEAR CARRIE: My daughter works on Long Island in the small office of a big company. She is eligible for two weeks of vacation a year, but often isn't allowed to take the days. And as a result she loses all but four of them, which her company allows her to cash in. Is this legal? — Vacation Grinch
DEAR VACATION: I can't imagine that it's legal. Labor laws don't require companies to offer vacation days, or other paid-time off, but when they do, they must honor the terms of that promise.
That doesn't appear to be the case here. She should call the state Labor Department at the numbers above.
BEDFORD COUNTY, Va. - Bedford County now has a better way to search for people lost and in need.
Project Lifesaver is a program that helps law enforcement officers track people who may wander, like those with autism or dementia patients. The Bedford County Sheriff's Office has been a part of the program for about nine years, but the department was in need of new tracking equipment.
Thanks to a grant from the Bedford Health Foundation, the department can upgrade four receivers that have a longer range and better response.
"Thank them from the bottom of our hearts, and I know the citizens of Bedford County thank them. For the dementia patients, Alzheimer's and autistic children, it's helping them and bringing loved ones home when they go missing," said Capt. Timothy Hayden, with the Bedford County Sheriff's Office.
The program is free for children with autism and dementia patients. For more information, call the Sheriff's Office at 540-586-4800.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
In 2016 Beats upgraded two of its most popular headphones - the Powerbeats and Solo - and released the all new Beats X. All three came equipped with the same W1 chip that makes the Apple AirPods so convenient to pair for iPhone users.
For 2017 it's time for the Studio to be given the same treatment. The Studio 3 Wireless is the latest flagship product from Beats, which also comes equipped with the same W1 processor. While it looks similar to the last model, everything inside has changed for the better.
Is the Studio Wireless 3 the over-ear headphones product to beat all others?
Same design as previous Studio Wireless
Improved soft padding on earcups
Matte black, white, red and navy regular colourways
Grey and Rose porcelain special editions
On the surface, the new Studio 3 Wireless look very similar, indeed almost identical, to the previous Studio Wireless. It has the same plastic headband with hinges built-in allowing you to fold both the earcups inward for stowage.
As over-ears should, the earcups are designed to fully surround the wearer's ears with the improved padding covered with a soft, leather-like material. Combined with the soft, flexible padding on the underside of the headband it makes for a very comfortable pair of headphones.
We were able to have the Studio Wireless 3 on our head for a solid two to three hours and still felt no discomfort. The ear padding is supremely comfortable, with the only downside being that once you take them off, you realise your ears have been sweating while inside these sumptuous ear-duvets.
Like the last generation, there's a chrome-finished panel above each of the hinges, although there is a lack of glossy finishes in the colour options. Each of the six colours is a matte, with the only shine provided by those aforementioned chromed panels, and the the iconic "b" logo on the exterior of the earcups.
There's a set of physical controls on the outside of the left earcup that allow you to skip tracks, adjust the volume, take calls or launch Siri on your iPhone. The middle "b" icon on the left side acts as the play/pause button, while the upper part of the surrounding ring is the volume up button, and the lower part is volume down.
The power button on the underside of the right earcup doubles-up as the Pure ANC activation key (that's active noise-cancellation, if you're unfamiliar with the acronym). Press-and-hold it for a second and it'll turn the headphones on or off. Double-press it quickly to activate or deactivate the built-in noise-cancellation.
Overall, the Studio 3 Wireless are incredibly comfortable to wear. And despite being plastic they don't give that "cheap" feeling of some previous versions of Beats headphones. The addition of new matte colours, particularly the Shadow Grey version we reviewed, ensures that they remain stylish and subtle, not ostentatious or overly shiny.
Pure ANC noise-cancellation adjusts for your surroundings
Wind noise is also cut out
Most active noise-cancelling is based on playing a quiet preset single noise to cancel out ambient noise. In a good pair of earphones, this can work well, but it's not very flexible. You'll find that it doesn't cut out higher frequency noises, or perhaps even some incredibly low ones.
Beat has gone a different route with its Pure ANC technology in the Studio Wireless 3. Rather than just play a preset frequency, it continuously detects the noise around you and adjusts the noise-cancelling and music playback to match your environment. Whether that be on a plane, or in a busy bar or cafe. It goes through this process up to 50,000 times per second.
In use, we found the noise-cancelling worked really well, being able to negate most unwanted noise from our surrounding environment. These headphones are particularly good at dealing with the lower frequencies, such as the boom of male voices, for example. Equally, muting the interior hiss of a plane is no issue either.
It doesn't seal you off in a noise-less bubble however. If you listen carefully enough, you can still hear loud, high impact or high pitched noises. Clapping and doors closing, for instance, are still audible with the Pure ANC switched on.
Another issue with other company's ANC is, at times, wind noise. Because ANC typically uses microphones on the outside of the earcups, wind can often blow across them making a horrendous "tearing" noise in your ears.
Beats' new Pure ANC engine can tell when this is happening, and cut this out too. As a test: after four to five seconds of air blowing directly at our ears from a nearby fan, the earphones understood they were encountering wind tear, and just cut out that rustling noise. It wasn't perfect, but it dealt with the majority of the unwanted noise.
The real take-away is that you can tell when the noise-cancelling is switched on, and when it isn't. What's more, the ability to switch it on or off just by double-pressing the power button is a nice touch, helping to extend battery life rather than leaving it on at all times.
W1 chip included
Up to 40 hours playback with ANC off
Up to 22 hours playback with ANC on
We've seen the convenience of the W1 chip in the Apple AirPods before - which allows fuss-free pairing across your Apple devices - so it's great to see it here in the Studio 3 Wireless.
The W1 chip allows you to pair the headphones with your iPhone just by bringing the two devices close to each other and clicking "connect" on the pairing pop-up that appears on screen.
When you're signed in to the same iCloud Drive account on your iPad and/or Mac, the headphones are then automatically paired with those devices as well. Just whip out your MacBook, power on the Studio 3 Wireless, and you can play music immediately. In real-world testing, this is one of those Apple-flavoured features that just works. And works so well.
While it's not technically magic, it certainly feels like it, given our years of experience with other Bluetooth devices that require re-pairing.
However, there is one downside to this W1 technology. If you have an Apple Watch, it automatically connects to your watch at the same time as your phone, so any notifications make an audible ping in your ears. Which is potentially useful, except in our testing it paused the music every time, meaning we had to hit the play button again, manually. If it wasn't for the conveniently placed play/pause button on the earphone, this could have been seriously detrimental to our experience.
Most importantly of all, the W1 Chip makes battery performance way more efficient. The Studio 3 is a perfect example of this. With its Pure ANC switched on, the headphones can stream music wirelessly, non-stop for up to 22 hours. That's 10 hours more than the previous model, despite having virtually the same battery capacity. With Pure ANC switched off, Beats promises up to an insane 40 hours.
Surprisingly, we think Beats' estimates are conservative. When we sat down to actually track the battery percentage - which you can do thanks to the W1 Chip - after three hours of constant listening via Spotify, the battery dropped from 96 per cent to 85 per cent. At that rate (~3.7 per cent, per hour), it would still have somewhere near 20 per cent left at the claimed 22-hour mark. It's worth noting that this was in a relatively quiet environment and so the headphones didn't have a lot of exterior/ambient noise to contend with.
Either way, the Beats Studio 3 Wireless can last a very long time between charges, even if you have the noise-cancelling switched on. What's more, with Fast Fuel charging technology onboard, you'll be able to plug your new Beats in for just 10 minutes and get up to three hours of playback.
Beats are known for bass, but we really enjoy the sound profile of the new Beats Studio. Sure, bass is prominent, but it doesn't muddy the mid or high-end frequencies. But make no mistake, there's still plenty of the low-end stuff.
The Studio 3 Wireless retain detail, so whatever genre of music you like we think you'll enjoy the Beats earphones. They're incredibly versatile. It's impossible to listen to you favourite music and not be immersed and swept away in it.
In the songs that allow it, you can hear subtleties like strings pressing against the metal frets during chord changes in acoustic sounds. As an example, listening to some of Newton Faulkner's more recent music with droning bass and some clappy, clacky percussion is the perfect canvas for these Beats. It's just so damned enjoyable, even if it's not what a studio would class as perfect or balanced sound.
The Beats Studio 3 Wireless is one of those great pairs of headphones that help you once more appreciate songs you've almost forgotten about. By bringing details to the fore, helping you hear details you didn't notice before and filling in the background with warmness.
Related Coverage Tribe sues Connecticut for hundreds of millions of dollars
HARTFORD, Conn. (AP) — State officials are claiming government immunity in response to a lawsuit by a Native American tribe seeking more than $600 million for land it says the state seized from 1801 to 1918.
The state attorney general's office asked a state judge in Hartford on Tuesday to dismiss the lawsuit filed in October by the Schaghticoke Tribal Nation. The motion includes the state's first public response to the lawsuit.
The tribe alleges the state took 2,000 of the 2,400 acres in the tribe's reservation in western Connecticut and sold the land, but never compensated the tribe.
The state says it's immune from the lawsuit. It also questions the Tribal Nation's standing to file the lawsuit because at least two other factions of the tribe claim leadership authority.
A pale blue sky arches over branches of silver lace.
Old Fred makes his way along the trail, down to the lake, among weeds and grasses silvered into wands sparkling in early morning light. He loved his ice fishing.
Each day he would head to Crescent Lake, lunch, cooler, gear, drill several holes, and wait till the crowd showed up.
Soon everyone was making their way onto the ice.
Now, Fred would holler, hold up a large fish, then lay it on the ice.
Pretty soon a small group gathered around Fred asking if they could fish close by. Children too became excited. A young lad and his sister, the one with a blue bunny snowsuit and moon boots wanted to be shown how to fish like that.
Fred brought another beauty the ice. One chap who had walked past Fred's old clunker van, said it smelt like old burnt paper under his hood and his black lab sniffed around the tail pipe.
The excitement grew, as everyone enjoyed the day.
Many anglers began fishing close to Fred's spot in hopes of catching big trout too! But as the sun began to set, folks slowly meandered off the lake heading for home.
It was time to put his fish in his cooler and head home too.
Arriving at his place, he proceeded to put the three small salmon back in the freezer along with the ones he caught each fall.
Being a hunter and fisher all his life, he wanted to use the fish each season to educate young folks to enjoy ice fishing and the all outdoors.
Next day Fred stopped at the local garage to check on the engine smell. The mechanic, Rolf said each time Fred drove through town, all the local mutts would follow the van. So under the hood, Rolf found a squirrels nest and fir cones on the top of the engine block.
Next day at lake, the smell continued, and family dogs would hang round Fred's van. Back to the garage.
This time, Rolf did another check, and discovered squirrels had been packing stolen Kibbles and Bits from neighboring homes and storing it in the van's resonator. On returning from Judy's cafe from having a piece of pie and coffee, Fred was shown the goodies.
Rolf said, squirrels pack sunflower seeds, wheat and rabbit pellets into air breathers too, so the dog food was a first. Finally all the local hounds finally stopped following Fred's van around town.
Fishing Report: Ice angling has slowed on most local lakes, which is common for this time of the season. Wildlife: With heavy snow it will be tough on deer, especially younger animals to get enough to sustain them. Next week, a novel solution in resolving land Claims.
Chief Master Sgt. Shelina Frey, Air Mobility Command command chief, greets Airman 1st Class Dillon Warren, 726th Air Mobility Squadron passenger service agent, at the 726th AMS terminal during a visit at Spangdahlem Air Base, Germany, Feb. 13, 2017. Frey visited with AMC Airmen from various sections of the 726th AMS during her tour of Spangdahlem AB and recognize individual mobility Airmen for the dedication to the mission of the 726th AMS. (U.S. Air Force photo by Senior Airman Dawn M. Weber)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.13.2017 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 10:04 Photo ID: 3167199 VIRIN: 170213-F-DY094-046 Resolution: 3618x2408 Size: 1.7 MB Location: SPANGDAHLEM AIR BASE, BW, DE Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, AMC Command Chief visits Spangdahlem mobility Airmen [Image 1 of 4], by SrA Dawn Weber, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
More than half the cells in your body are not human according to researchers.
More than half the cells in your body are not human according to researchers. iStock
NEARLY 60 per cent of cells in the body are not actually human, according to scientists.
Human cells make up just 43 per cent of our total cell count, while the rest are microscopic tenants that are essential for our wellbeing.
The hidden half of our body is called our microbiome, and experts studying it could unlock new ways of tackling diseases, from allergy to Parkinson's.
Microscopic creatures, including bacteria, viruses, fungi and archaea, cover your entire body.
"They are essential to your health,” says Prof Ruth Ley, of the Max Planck Institute, "your body isn't just you”.
The highest concentration of this microscopic life lives in our oxygen-deprived bowels.
Prof Rob Knight, from University of California San Diego, told the BBC: "You're more microbe than you are human.”
At first, boffs thought our cells were outnumbered 10 to one, but the prof said: "That's been refined much closer to one-to-one, so the current estimate is you're about 43% human if you're counting up all the cells”.
Scientists are rapidly uncovering the role microbial material plays in digestion, regulating the immune system, protecting against disease and manufacturing vital vitamins.
Prof Knight said: "We're finding ways that these tiny creatures totally transform our health in ways we never imagined until recently.”
This article originally appeared on The Sun and has been republished with permission.
By The Associated Press
HOLLAND, Mich. (AP) — Former Republican Congressman Pete Hoekstra (HUK'-struh) is the new U.S. ambassador to the Netherlands.
White House spokeswoman Vanessa Morrone says Hoekstra was sworn on Monday afternoon by Vice President Mike Pence.
Hoekstra was confirmed last month by the U.S. Senate. He previously served as chair of the House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence and was the ranking Republican on the Committee until 2011.
First elected to Congress in 1992, Hoekstra was born in the Netherlands and moved to the U.S. with his family when he was 3. He was an executive with Michigan-based office furniture maker Herman Miller and later ran unsuccessful campaigns for Michigan governor and U.S. Senate.
Advertisement
President Donald Trump nominated Hoekstra for the ambassador post earlier this year.
PHOENIX (AP) — Southern Baptists on Wednesday formally condemned the political movement known as the “alt-right,” in a national meeting that was thrown into turmoil after leaders initially refused to take up the issue.
The denomination's annual convention in Phoenix voted to “decry every form of racism, including alt-right white supremacy as antithetical to the Gospel of Jesus Christ” and “denounce and repudiate white supremacy and every form of racial and ethnic hatred as a scheme of the devil.”
Tuesday night, Southern Baptist officials who oversaw the resolutions had refused to introduce a different repudiation of the “alt-right,” which emerged dramatically during the U.S. presidential election, mixing racism, white nationalism and populism.
Barrett Duke, who leads the resolutions committee, had said the original document contained inflammatory and broad language “potentially implicating” conservatives who do not support the “alt-right” movement.
Introducing the new statement Wednesday, Duke apologized “for the pain and confusion that we created,” but said the committee had been concerned about potentially giving the appearance of hating their enemies. Duke said the committee members “share your abhorrence of racism” and were grateful for the chance to “speak on ‘alt-right' racism in particular and all racism in general.”
The resolution was adopted after a short but emotional discussion.
“We are saying that white supremacy and racist ideologies are dangerous because they oppress our brothers and sisters in Christ,” said the Rev. Russell Moore, who leads the Ethics & Religious Liberty Commission, the Southern Baptist public policy arm. “If we're a Jesus people, let's stand where Jesus stands.”
Charles Hedman of Capitol Hill Baptist Church in South Bend, Indiana, said far-right groups had been distributing racist material outside the convention hall Tuesday night. He said some pastors had told him they would have to leave the denomination if the convention failed to denounce white supremacy Wednesday.
“We must stand strong,” Hedman said. “We must all issue an apology that we didn't act on this yesterday.”
The initial proposal that Southern Baptists had rejected came from a prominent black Southern Baptist pastor, the Rev. William McKissic of Arlington, Texas. His resolution repudiated “retrograde ideologies, xenophobic biases and racial bigotries of the ‘alt-right' that seek to subvert our government.”
After McKissic made an unsuccessful plea for reconsideration from the floor of the Phoenix meeting late Tuesday, pressure began building online and at the convention for the Southern Baptists to say something.
Several Southern Baptists were panicked, contending that silence would be misinterpreted as support for white supremacy. The denomination was formed in the 19th century in defense of slaveholders and has been trying to overcome its racist history.
A late-night call went out for convention participants to return to the assembly hall, where Steve Gaines, the president of the Southern Baptist Convention, won approval to consider a new resolution on the topic Wednesday.
“It shows we're willing to bring issues to the floor, real issues,” said Mark Croston, national director of black church partnerships for the Southern Baptist-affiliated Lifeway Christian Resources. “We're not intimidated or afraid to speak out, even though it brings up dirty laundry from the past.”
The Southern Baptist Convention, based in Nashville, is the largest Protestant denomination in the country, although its membership has been shrinking, most recently dropping to 15.2 million members.
Leaders have been trying to diversify, repeatedly condemning racism in formal resolutions from past meetings, rejecting display of the Confederate flag and electing more black officers. As of 2014, the denomination was about 85 percent white, according to the Pew Research Center.
Duke later apologized personally to McKissic for how his original proposal was handled. McKissic was not consulted when leaders were drafting the new statement, but said he was encouraged by the outcry from white and black Christians that brought the issue to a vote. “We're turning the corner,” McKissic told reporters. “I see the heart of the majority.”
Debate also underscored ongoing tensions among Southern Baptists whether Donald Trump, a thrice-married casino and real estate mogul, was morally fit to be president.
Moore vehemently condemned candidate Trump. At the same time, several prominent Southern Baptists, including former presidents of the denomination, signed on as evangelical advisers to the Republican's campaign. They remain among the president's most steadfast supporters.
When Trump won with 80 percent of the white evangelical vote, Moore faced a backlash within the denomination. That landslide support for Trump left black evangelicals feeling alienated and disappointed given their concerns about Trump's past treatment of blacks, his rhetoric about Mexicans and his promised policies.
CLEMSON, S.C. — Clemson coach Dabo Swinney isn't taking a Wake Forest football team that is on the rise for granted. He doesn't want his players to either.
Swinney said the second-ranked Tigers (5-0, 3-0 Atlantic Coast Conference) will get everything they can handle against Wake Forest (4-1, 1-1) on Saturday, especially after the Demon Deacons took Florida State to the wire a week ago before falling 26-19.
"They've got great energy and great toughness," Swinney said. "And I just want to make sure everyone understands the type of team that's rolling in her this week. We need to wake up, show up and be ready to go."
Swinney's never lost to Wake Forest — and perhaps owes them a huge "Thank you!" for getting him the Clemson job. It was the Demon Deacons last win in the series, 12-7 in 2008, that led to coach Tommy Bowden being let go and then athletic director Terry Don Phillips elevating the personable receivers coach to the head office.
Since then, Swinney is 8-0 against the Deacons and has won three ACC titles and a national championship.
Maybe part of Swinney's message stems from their home game against Boston College two weeks back. The Tigers, coming off a victory at Louisville, played a midday contest with the Eagles and were off their game for the first three quarters. Clemson eventually scored four touchdowns in the fourth quarter to win 34-7. Swinney worries the Tigers might not be overcome a slow start this time.
"That's what it takes every single week, putting your best foot forward in consistency or performance," Swinney said.
Wake Forest coach Dave Clawson wondered if this might be the year to catch the Tigers with so many NFL players like quarterback Deshaun Watson, receiver Mike Williams and tailback Wayne Gallman gone this season.
"Somehow, someway, they lose all these really good players and then come back and are just as good, if not better," Clawson said. "Right now, they are probably playing better overall football now than when we played them a year ago."
The same might be said for Wake Forest, which is looking to start 5-1 for the first time since it won the ACC title in 2006.
MANILA, Philippines (AP) — Philippine officials say the government is considering adding airports to serve the capital Manila and nearby areas, including a sprawling airport city complex that could handle 100 million passengers a year.
Manila's congested international airport once was dubbed the world's worst airport in surveys by travel website The Guide to Sleeping in Airports.
Improvements have allowed it to escape that listing since 2015, but it remains overly congested.
Transport Undersecretary Roberto Lim said a multi-airport system could include the present airport in Manila, an expanded Clark airport northwest of the capital that could handle 8 million passengers per year, another 2,500-hectare (6,177.5 acre) airport in Bulacan, also north of Manila, and possibly yet another airport and seaport in the former U.S. naval station in Cavite province adjacent to Manila.
A man who police said had a gun was shot and killed on the West Side Tuesday night, Chicago police said.Police said officers were "forced" to shoot the man during a confrontation Tuesday night and at least two officers were involved in this shooting.A semi-automatic handgun was recovered at the scene of the 4700-block of West Fulton Street in the West Garfield Park neighborhood, police said.At about 8 p.m. police said officers responded to a call about a man with a gun. When they got out of their cruiser, they said the man then ran off with his gun in hand.Police said the man ran back into an alley at Wayman Street and Cicero Avenue and hopped a fence into a yard where he encountered the officers."As he hopped a fence into a yard, officers that were responding got into a confrontation with this armed individual. The officers were forced to discharge their weapon, striking the individual," said Deputy Chicago Police Chief Al Nagode.The man was transported to Stroger Hospital, where he was later pronounced dead. Police did not say where he was shot or how many times he was shot.The Civilian Office of Police Accountability is currently investigating and the officers involved in the shooting have been placed on a standard 30-day administrative leave until the investigation is complete.At this time, COPA is reviewing body cam video and talking to witnesses.
Add the following CSS to the header block of your HTML document.
Then add the mark-up below to the body block of the same document.
.videoWrapper { position: relative; padding-bottom: 56.25%; padding-top: 25px; height: 0; } .videoWrapper iframe { position: absolute; top: 0; left: 0; width: 100%; height: 100%; }
FAIRFAX, Va. — A missing Alexandria teen is considered endangered after police learned she may be linked to the case of another teen girl found dead at a construction site over the weekend.
Gang activity appears to be a factor in the cases of 17-year-old Venus Lorena Romero Iraheta, who is missing, and 15-year-old Demaris “Alexandra” Rivas, whose remains were found at a Springfield, Virginia, industrial park Saturday, Fairfax County police's Second Lt. Brian Gaydos said at a news conference Tuesday. The cases also are connected to the case of a third missing teen and her young son who returned home last weekend, he said.
However the links between the girls are not defined, Gaydos said.
New information in Iraheta's disappearance had detectives concerned she could be in danger. However, Gaydos could not go into detail about the information that prompted detectives to heighten Iraheta's missing status to endangered.
Iraheta voluntarily left her home on Alexandria's Beauregard Street Jan. 15 carrying a black and red backpack full of clothes, Gaydos said.
Investigators learned Iraheta's case overlapped with the Rivas' homicide. Rivas — a Gaithersburg, Maryland, resident — went missing Dec. 10, 2016, and her body found months later.
“Their relationship is under investigation. We can't say how she knew her,” Gaydos says of the connection between Iraheta and Rivas. Her autopsy revealed that Rivas suffered trauma to her upper body, investigators said.
WTOP's broadcast news partner, NBC Washington reports Rivas' body was found just over the hill from the home from where once-missing 16-year-old Lizzy Rivera Colindres lived. She returned home with her 5-month-old son over the weekend.
When she was still missing, Montgomery County police said Rivera Colindres' disappearance was linked to gang activity and that her boyfriend, who is also her 5-month-old son Aidan's father, was linked to an area gang.
Five people are detained in connection with these cases, facing gang-related charges; however none are facing homicide charges, Gaydos said. Despite the charges, he could not offer names Tuesday.
“There are multiple different cases with multiple suspects that are overlapping. We can't say for sure yet who is a player in which case,” he said.
Like WTOP on Facebook and follow @WTOP on Twitter to engage in conversation about this article and others.
© 2017 WTOP. All Rights Reserved.
WATERBURY, Conn. (WTNH)– A 26-year-old Waterbury man was arrested after crashing into a car while engaging police in a pursuit on Sunday night.
State Police say at around 9:20 p.m., a trooper attempted to stop a vehicle on Pearl Lake Road for a motor vehicle violation when the driver fled and engaged police in pursuit. The chase lasted almost four miles before the driver hit another vehicle on Southmayd Road.
The driver then attempted to flee the crash scene on foot but was taken into custody and identified as Jeffrey Brown.
The driver of the car that Brown had struck was not injured but the passenger of that car was taken to St. Mary's Hospital for observation. Brown was not hurt in the crash.
Police later learned that Brown had an active arrest warrant for failure to appear. He was then charged with several other violations, including reckless driving, engaging police in pursuit and interfering with an officer. Brown was held on $10,000 bond.
© Stefan Wermuth / Reuters
Companies operating in Belgium sent more than €221 billion to countries local authorities regard as tax havens, according to Belgian daily Le Soir.Belgium's gross domestic product was €466 billion last year.Brussels blacklisted tax havens in 31 countries, including Monaco, the British Virgin Islands, Bermuda and the Cayman Islands. Singapore, Panama and Hong Kong are not on the blacklist, while Luxembourg was temporarily excluded.If a Belgian company pays over €100,000 into bank accounts or to persons domiciled in the blacklisted countries, it must declare these payments.Last year, 853 companies reported they made payments to the blacklist countries totaling €221 billion, an average of €260 million per company.However, this could be linked to the exclusion of Luxembourg, which adopted several laws based on the taxation policy. Luxembourg gets an average of €60 billion annually from Belgium, but since 2016 Belgian businesses are no longer forced to report their dealings with its neighbor.
VERMILLION, S.D. (AP) — Matt Mooney scored 19 points, including nine in the final 2:37 of the game, to help South Dakota hold off Eastern Washington 75-73 on Sunday.
Trey Burch-Manning added 19 points and eight rebounds, while reserve Nick Fuller scored 11 with five rebounds for the Coyotes (9-3), who ran their home winning streak against nonconference foes to 12 and improved on their best start since becoming a Division-I school in the 2011-12 season.
Mason Peatling topped the Eagles (3-7) with 19 points, while Bogdan Bliznyuk tallied 18 points and nine rebounds. Jack Perry made three 3-pointers and scored 13 for the Eagles, who have lost four straight and have one game left on a season-opening 10-game road trip. Eastern Washington returns home after playing at Wyoming on Tuesday.
South Dakota led 22-11 on a Mooney layup with seven minutes left in the first half, but Peatling scored nine points from there to pull the Eagles within 32-31 at halftime.
Eastern, which never led, tied it at 34 on a 3-pointer by Ty Gibson 25 seconds into the second half. But Burch-Manning and Mooney accounted for 30 of the Coyotes' final 41 points down the stretch to preserve the win.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
× 1 of 2 Expand 19th-century mirror, 1stdibs.com, $5,500 × 2 of 2 Expand “Lowery” buffet by Aidan Gray, $2,775 Prev Next
We asked local designers Ashley Hanley and Dolce Designs' Carol Giuffrida and Christina Hoppe to develop a design for a dining room that serves up plenty of style. Their selections show two different ways to achieve a room that's both chic and appetizing.
To submit your design challenge, send a good-quality photo of your space to jessicah@richmag.com.
Who: Ashley B. Hanley, owner and designer
Where: Ashley B. Hanley Design
Design philosophy: “It's all about the mix. ... Every home needs some new, a little old and a touch of granny chic.”
Every dining room needs: “a little drama.”
See Hanley's design here.
Who: Carol Giuffrida (right), owner and interior designer; Christina Hoppe, store merchandiser and stylist
Where: Dolce Designs
Design Philosophy: Says Carol, “I try to keep design simple and comfortable. Using colors and accessories that my clients love helps stand the test of time.”
Every dining room needs: “A chandelier with a dimmer switch. It allows the room to be bright and celebratory or candlelit and refined.”
See Dolce Designs' design here.
In this report, the global Rabbet Pliers market is valued at USD XX a million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX a million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022.
View Full Report with TOC @ http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/rabbet-pliers-market
Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Rabbet Pliers in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering
North America
Europe
China
Japan
Southeast Asia
India
Global Rabbet Pliers market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including
Wuerth
PHOENIX
WIHA
SATA
On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into
8″
9″
10″
On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Rabbet Pliers for each application, including
Decoration
Package
Download Free Sample Report @ http://www.acutemarketreports.com/request-free-sample/110030
1 Rabbet Pliers Market Overview
1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Rabbet Pliers
1.2 Rabbet Pliers Segment by Type (Product Category)
1.2.1 Global Rabbet Pliers Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022)
1.2.2 Global Rabbet Pliers Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016
1.2.3 8″
1.2.4 9″
2 Global Rabbet Pliers Market Competition by Manufacturers
2.1 Global Rabbet Pliers Capacity, Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017)
2.1.1 Global Rabbet Pliers Capacity and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017)
2.1.2 Global Rabbet Pliers Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017)
2.2 Global Rabbet Pliers Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017)
2.3 Global Rabbet Pliers Average Price by Manufacturers (2012-2017)
3 Global Rabbet Pliers Capacity, Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2012-2017)
3.1 Global Rabbet Pliers Capacity and Market Share by Region (2012-2017)
3.2 Global Rabbet Pliers Production and Market Share by Region (2012-2017)
3.3 Global Rabbet Pliers Revenue (Value) and Market Share by Region (2012-2017)
3.4 Global Rabbet Pliers Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017)
3.5 North America Rabbet Pliers Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017)
13 Research Findings and Conclusion
14 Appendices
14.1 Methodology/Research Approach
14.1.1 Research Programs/Design
14.1.2 Market Size Estimation
14.1.3 Market Breakdown and Data Triangulation
14.2 Data Source
14.2.1 Secondary Sources
14.2.2 Primary Sources
14.3 Disclaimer
View Full Report with TOC @ http://www.acutemarketreports.com/report/rabbet-pliers-market
About – Acute Market Reports :
Acute Market Reports is the most sufficient collection of market intelligence services online. It is your only source that can fulfill all your market research requirements. We provide online reports from over 100 best publishers and upgrade our collection regularly to offer you direct online access to the world's most comprehensive and recent database with expert perceptions on worldwide industries, products, establishments and trends.
Our team consists of highly motivated market research professionals and they are accountable for creating the groundbreaking technology that we utilize in our search engine operations to easily recognize the most current market research reports online.
Contact Us :
Name : Chris Paul
ACUTE MARKET REPORTS
Designation : Global Sales Manager
Toll Free(US/CANADA): +1-855-455-8662
Email : sales@acutemarketreports.com
Website :http://www.acutemarketreports.com
New Delhi: Popular television actress Hina Khan had a solid fan army and she enjoys a massive follower list on social media as well. The talented star is a headline maker and often she keeps her fan base happy by posting regular stuff on Instagram and Twitter.
Hina recently shared a dance rehearsal video on the photo-sharing site where she can be seen grooving to the beats of popular number 'Mere Rashke Qamar'. Yes, the same song which became a chartbuster upon its release in Ajay Devgn-Ileana D'Cruz starrer 'Baadshaho'.
Watch it here:
#rehearsals A post shared by Hina Khan (@realhinakhan) on May 25, 2018 at 8:44am PDT
Well, on the professional front, the actress will next be seen in a short film titled 'Smart Phone' where she will play a de-glam role. She even shared the first look of the project.
Hina participated in reality show 'Bigg Boss 11' and was the finalist. However, the show was won by Shilpa Shinde. Hina remained one of the most talked about contestants of the season giving tough competition to others.
She got Dadasaheb Phalke Excellence Award for 'Best Entertainer for Reality Show' inside the 'Bigg Boss 11' house. She has several awards and honours to her credit for her stint on television. Recently, she bagged the Rajiv Gandhi Excellence Award for her contribution in the entertainment field.
Hina ruled the small screens for 8 long years as she played the lead role of Akshara Singhania Bahu in 'Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai'. Before 'Bigg Boss 11', she participated in Fear Factor: Khatron Ke Khiladi 8 and was the first runner-up.
© Carlos Avila Gonzalez / The Chronicle
© Carlos Avila Gonzalez / The Chronicle
In a move that is alarming San Francisco's biggest industry,"It's the first time that we have had an out-and-out cancellation over the issue, and," said Joe D'Alessandro, president and CEO of S.F. Travel, the city's convention bureau.D'Alessandro declined to name the medical association, saying the bureau still hopes to bring the group back in the future.As a rule, major conventions book their visits at least five years in advance. So when D'Alessandro and members of the hospitality industry hadn't heard from the doctors about re-upping, they flew to the organization's Chicago headquarters for a face-to-face meeting with its executive board.And with good reason:"They said that they are committed to this year and to 2023, but nothing in between or nothing thereafter," D'Alessandro said. "After that, they told us they are planning to go elsewhere - I believe it's Los Angeles."The doctors group told the San Francisco delegation that while they loved the city, postconvention surveys showed their members were afraid to walk amid"There was a time when the biggest obstacle to having a convention here was that it can be expensive, but now we have this new factor," D'Alessandro said.In recent years, conventions have hired uniformed off-duty police and private security officers to patrol around Moscone and the nearby hotels."You may not know it, but tourists spend more money outside of the hotel than inside the hotel," said Hotel Council Executive Director Kevin Carroll. "Everything from restaurants to shopping to taking taxis."Industry leaders have been meeting with Mayor-elect London Breed to urge her to increase police foot patrols and mental health services - and to enforce the quality of life laws currently on the books.In the meanwhile, D'Alessandro said,
California Senate passes bill to create banks for pot businesses
Photo: Michael Short / Special To The Chronicle 2017 A cashier counts a marijuana business owner's cash tax payment at...
The state Senate on Wednesday passed a bill to create a state-chartered bank for California cannabis businesses, which would allow licensed merchants to write checks to pay taxes, fees and vendors — rather than use large amounts of cash, as they currently do.
The measure SB 930, introduced by state Sen. Robert Hertzberg, D-Van Nuys, now heads to the Assembly.
Because marijuana is classified by the federal government as a Schedule 1 drug, federally insured financial institutions cannot process cannabis-related transactions without running the risk of facing money laundering charges.
The bill would establish banks and credit unions, regulated by the Department of Business Oversight, that could process deposits, withdrawals and other transactions by cannabis businesses. Its proponents say it would improve security at cannabis shops, which largely operate on a cash-only basis and transport large amounts of cash in armored vehicles to pay taxes.
“It's not only impractical from an accounting perspective, but it also presents a tremendous public safety problem,” Hertzberg said in a statement. “This bill takes a limited approach to provide all parties with a safe and reliable way to move forward on this urgent issue. ”
California this year legalized the sale of cannabis for recreational use, which is expected to propel a rise in cannabis sales. The state is poised to collect $600 million in cannabis taxes in 2018, the Department of Finance estimates.
Catherine Ho is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: cho@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @Cat_Ho
London, UK, – Trade Facilities Services is one of the leading Electrical Installation Certificate Report provider throughout London. They are now offering consistent EICR reports for your commercial and residential property at a very decent price.
The most paramount responsibility of landlord is providing an efficacious electrical safety to their tenants. Also, to ascertain that the property is completely safe and secure from any electrical failure. The Electrical Installation Condition Report is the best medium that approves the safety of your domestic and commercial electrical property. Trade Facilities Services provide reliable and consistent EICR report just starting from £80.
An experienced electrician of Trade Facilities Services provides this electrical installation condition report after verifying the condition of your existing electrical installation. They inspect and test your properties very carefully and confirm whether it is in a satisfactory condition for continuous use or not. If they find your property is fit for EICR then they provide an “Electrical certificate.”
With the help of an EICR (Electrical installation condition report) provided by Trade Facilities Services, you can find a lot of information about your electrical installation in very affordable and convenient way, such as:
If any electrical circuits or equipment are overloaded.
Any potential electric shock risks and fire hazards.
Identify if there is any electrical defect.
Highlight any lack of earthing or bonding.
The primary focus of Trade Facilities Services is on hiring qualified electricians, for all types of your electrical safety certificates and testing so that you can feel safe and secure from every danger. They work with landlords in Essex and London. They give a full range of electrical compliance services to ensure that your property is always within the correct scope of work.
So, if you want to check your property for your safety, and also identify any deficiencies against the national safety standard for electrical installations then visit Trade Facilities Services or contact at 02036371446.
About the company:
Trade Facilities Services is an electrical testing company that provides (EICR) Electrical installation condition reports. These are otherwise known as Electrical Certificates, Electrical Installation Certificates and Electrical Reports. Trade Facilities Services covers London and Essex and provides all electrical testing in these areas. These include Fire alarms emergency lighting and PAT Testing. All Electricians are registered with NAPIT or the NICEIC and are fully insured and qualified. Trade Facilities Services works on both Domestic and Commercial properties and covers all landlord electrical certification requirements. All EICR reports can be delivered on the day if required and appointments generally only require 24 hours' notice.
“Apple Inc. is planning its most extensive iPhone lineup to date,” Mark Gurman and Min Jeong Lee report for Bloomberg. “Apple is preparing three iPhones for launch as soon as this fall, including upgraded versions of the current two iPhone models and a new top-of-the-line handset with an overhauled look, according to people familiar with the matter. For the redesigned phone, Apple is testing a new type of screen, curved glass and stainless steel materials, and more advanced cameras, the people said. Those anxiously awaiting the redesigned iPhone, however, may have to wait because supply constraints could mean the device isn't readily available until one or two months after the typical fall introduction. ”
“For the premium model, Apple is testing a[n OLED] screen that covers almost the entire front of the device… [resulting] in a display slightly larger than that of the iPhone 7 Plus but an overall size closer to the iPhone 7, the people said. Apple is also aiming to reduce the overall size of the handset by integrating the home button into the screen itself,” Gurman and Lee report. “The other two phones will continue to use liquid crystal display technology and come in the same 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch screen sizes as last year's iPhone 7 and iPhone 7 Plus, according to people familiar with the matter.”
“For its redesigned phone, Apple has tested multiple prototypes with manufacturing partners in Asia, including some versions that use curved glass and stainless steel, according to one of the people,” Gurman and Lee report. “One of the latest prototype designs includes symmetrical, slightly curved glass on the front and the back. The curves are similar in shape to those on the front of the iPhone 7. The new OLED screen itself is flat, while the cover glass curves into a steel frame. The design is similar conceptually to the iPhone 4 from 2010.”
Much more in the full article here.
LaForge said he's slowing down and instead of so many ‘stings' wants to focus on law reform to keep pedophiles in jail longer
Surrey Creep Catchers' president Ryan LaForge said he's “done with citizens arrests” and “done getting the police involved” after pleading guilty to two counts of assault this week.
“It has nothing to do with police themselves, every cop I've dealt with has been good,” LaForge told the Now-Leader Tuesday, the day after he pleads guilty to two counts of assault in Surrey Provincial Court which stemmed from “stings” his group did in Whalley on April 3 and 19, 2017.
“I have no hard feelings or whatever, but they're up against the same battle we are, as a community…. I don't know what it's going to take for everyone to wake up at the same time and say enough's enough,” he added.
In the April 3 incident, LaForge said he performed a “citizens arrest” on a man he alleged came to pay for sex with a six-year-old outside the Tim Horton's at Central City Shopping Centre, in the 10100-block of King George Boulevard.
While the convictions have led to LaForge discontinuing such “citizens arrests,” they don't deter him from continuing to conduct “stings,” which involve Creep Catchers representatives posing as children online, arranging to meet adults who think they've been communicating with a child and confronting them, while filming them.
LaForge said Tuesday he is still live streaming videos of “stings” on Facebook, which he then removes from Facebook and posts on his website.
While the group was doing about “five catches a day” in their early days in 2016, LaForge said he aims for one a week now.
“I've slowed down for a couple of reasons,” he said Tuesday. “One is just for my mental well-being. I'm just taking it a lot slower, to just take care of myself mentally, have more time for my family and stuff. I work more, I kind of ran out of my savings after a good year, so I'm back to work.”
LaForge said he's changing gears, to a degree, and instead of so many “stings,” wants to focus his time on changes to legislation to keep convicted pedophiles in prison longer.
“I knew I had to attack this epidemic from another position,” LaForge said. “I'm sitting here catching guys all the time and yes, it's exposing them, people are seeing it, it's creating awareness, but I feel like a dog chasing my own tail. I want to see the laws change so if and when these guys are caught by police there's a mandatory minimum sentence.”
Long sentences are “too rare,” he added.
“It's not fair, they leave a trail of broken children,” LaForge said, noting he's also become frustrated with other aspects of the system.
“People say ‘it's not even a real child,'” when referencing Surrey Creep Catcher stings, he said, “but that's what's wrong with the justice system. They wait for a victim before they can do anything. Unfortunately, I get parents messaging me all the time…. Our laws are a joke. That's the sad, sad thing. India just adopted a death penalty for sexual assault under the age of 12. We have third and second world countries taking stands against this and here we are, protecting them.”
Further, LaForge said the group is also pushing for a public registry of sex offenders.
But, he acknowledged, those would be “huge, huge steps” and said he's working with “not a lot of resources.”
See more: Surrey Creep Catchers' Ryan LaForge charged with assault, uttering threats (May 18, 2017)
See also: Creep Catcher Surrey president undettered by privacy complaint investigation
See also: SURREY'S CREEP CATCHER: Ryan LaForge aims to weed out ‘potential predators' and ‘blast' them on social media
In court on Monday, LaForge plead guilty to two counts of assault. While he had also faced charges of uttering threats and breach of undertaking, those were stayed.
LaForge will not serve any jail time, but was handed 12 months probation and was given a conditional sentence.
His conditions include keeping the peace, notifying the court and probation office of any change in employment or occupation, to not possess anything resembling a weapon, and to not publish or make publicly available on the internet any information about individuals targeted by the group.
A former member of the group, Lance Loy, on May 22 also plead guilty to assault in connection to the April 19, 2017 incident.
Also facing charges after the April 3 incident is Burnaby resident Kuljinder Singh Bhatti, 35. Bhatti is accused of trying to lure a minor for a sexual purpose and making an arrangement with a person for a sexual offence involving a person under age 18.
Bhatti's next appearance in Vancouver Provincial Court is set for Aug. 27.
Since Surrey Creep Catchers' inception, Surrey RCMP have cautioned the public against such work.
“Police want to remind the public that vigilantism, no matter how well meaning, poses significant risks to the safety of all those involved,” Surrey RCMP Corporal Scotty Schumann said last year. “Using our highly trained investigators in a controlled environment is the best way to get dangerous offenders off our streets and ensure they are held accountable.”
He said police advise the public to go to www. cybertip.ca to report incidents of online sexual exploitation of children.
Meantime, Surrey Creep Catchers made national headlines September of 2016 after a woman working with the group posed as a 15-year-old girl and allegedly communicated with an off-duty Surrey Mountie online after posting an ad on Craigslist.
A meeting was set up outside the Boston Pizza at Surrey Central Shopping Mall in Whalley and LaForge and his crew live-streamed the sting on the Internet.
Constable Dario Devic was arrested on Sept. 9, 2016 and suspended from police duty. Devic was then charged in October, 2016 and currently faces one charge of child luring. He is due in Surrey Provincial Court on June 4.
-With files from Tom Zytaruk
amy.reid@surreynowleader.com
Like us on Facebook Follow us on Instagram and follow Amy on Twitter
WASHINGTON (AP) - The security chief for the head of the Environmental Protection Agency has been operating an outside consulting firm without proper approval from ethics officials, Democratic lawmakers said Tuesday.
EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt last year tapped EPA special agent Pasquale "Nino" Perrotta to be his security chief and lead his 20-member personal protective detail. Perrota also is the top executive at Sequoia Security Group, a Maryland-based security firm.
Perrotta received clearance in March 2013 for limited non-government consulting work, but was required to get updated approval if his job duties changed. Perrotta received a significant promotion and pay raise last year.
The 2013 approval, which was in effect for a five-year period that expired last month, also barred Perrotta from using his government position to advance his personal interests.
The Associated Press reported in December that EPA paid $3,000 to contractor Edwin Steinmetz Associates last year to search Pruitt's office for secret listening devices. Steinmetz is also listed as a vice president at Perrotta's security firm.
Emails obtained by congressional Democrats showed that Perrotta played a role in the decision to conduct the bug sweep, the contract for which the lawmakers allege he improperly steered to Steinmetz.
Tuesday's letter was signed by Democratic Sens. Tom Carper of Delaware and Sheldon Whitehouse of Rhode Island, who serve on a committee with oversight of EPA. They ask an agency ethics official to re-examine whether Perrotta's outside employment violated agency rules.
Steinmetz found no listening devices. EPA's Office of Homeland Security later determined the sweep was "very basic and cursory" and "did not employ the equipment, proper certification, or necessary processes" to be approved by the U.S. government for sensitive facilities, according to internal EPA documents.
In an interview with AP on Monday, Steinmetz defended the quality of his work.
The bug sweep was part of a larger push by Pruitt to enhance his personal security that included spending on first-class airfare he claims was justified after unpleasant interactions with other travelers. The Government Accountability Office found earlier this month that a $43,000 privacy booth bought for Pruitt to make private phone calls violated federal purchasing laws.
___
Follow Associated Press environmental reporter Michael Biesecker at http://twitter.com/mbieseck
Located near the delta of the Nile, Cairo is probably the largest city in the entire Middle East and one of the largest cities on Earth. While modern Cairo was founded by the Fatimid Dynasty in 969, the city outskirts house the remains of much older settlements and structures dating back to the time of Ancient Egypt.
CHICAGO (AP) — The Chicago Blackhawks staggered home last week in desperate need of some positive results.
Enter goalie Corey Crawford — and a perfectly timed homestand against three of the worst teams in the NHL.
Crawford made 31 saves, Artem Anisimov scored the go-ahead goal with 4:47 left in the third period and the Blackhawks beat the Arizona Coyotes 3-1 on Sunday night.
Tommy Wingels and Nick Schmaltz also scored in the third as Chicago (14-11-5) earned its second straight win after dropping five in a row. Patrick Kane had two assists to run his career total to 781 points, breaking a tie with Doug Wilson for fifth on the franchise scoring list.
“We could probably play a little bit better, but we found ways to win even when we probably haven't had our best,” Kane said. “Whether that's goaltending or timely goals by the fourth line and Wingels, just finding ways to win, it's huge points for us right now.”
Crawford was activated from injured reserve on Friday and stopped 26 shots in a 3-2 overtime win against Buffalo. He likely will start again when the Blackhawks host lowly Florida on Tuesday night.
“We had a lot of chances throughout the whole game,” Crawford said. “The third was our best period. It was another good win for us at home, something to build off of and keep going with this.”
Kane found an open Anisimov in the right circle for the center's team-high 13th goal , giving the Blackhawks a 2-1 lead. The connection occurred just 71 seconds after Anthony Duclair tied it at 1 with his seventh goal for Arizona, tipping home Alex Goligoski's pass in front.
Kane then set up Schmaltz with a slick pass for a one-timer with 3:02 left. It was Schmaltz's first goal since Nov. 27 and No. 5 on the season.
“We've got to learn to play under pressure,” Arizona coach Rick Tocchet said. “They got that goal there to go ahead and we got it back with five minutes left under pressure. A couple of giveaways, people sinking and you've got to play under pressure in this league. It's a hard league.”
Scott Wedgewood made 34 saves for Arizona, which dropped its fourth straight game.
“We were good for the first 50 (minutes),” Goligoski said. “Got good goaltending again. It was disappointing not to finish that out early and push it to overtime.”
Wedgewood and Crawford were locked in a scoreless duel when John Hayden made a nice pass to set up Wingels' one-timer 7:36 into the third period. Wingels also scored a tying short-handed goal in the third during Chicago's overtime win Friday night.
“You get an opportunity in the third period to make a difference, every shift, whether it's create energy, drawing a penalty or scoring a big goal,” Wingels said. “Recently, our line's been able to do that.”
The Coyotes (7-21-5) were coming off a 1-0 loss at Columbus on Saturday night, but they skated right with the Blackhawks for most of the game.
Goligoski rattled the cage behind Crawford on a power-play shot in the second period. Kevin Connauton had an open backhander stopped by Crawford with about eight minutes left in the second.
NOTES: Blackhawks D Cody Franson was scratched with an upper-body injury. D Jordan Oesterle made his first appearance since Nov. 12 and picked up an assist on Wingels' goal. “I thought he had a great game,” coach Joel Quenneville said. … F Christian Fischer played in his native Chicago for the first time in the NHL. The 20-year-old Fischer made his debut with the Coyotes last January. … Blackhawks forward Ryan Hartman was a healthy scratch for the second straight game. Hartman was whistled for three penalties in a 6-2 loss at Washington last Wednesday, including a double minor for high-sticking in the second period. … Arizona scratched C Nick Cousins, D Kyle Capobianco and G Michael Leighton.
UP NEXT
Coyotes: Begin a five-game homestand Thursday night against Tampa Bay.
Blackhawks: Host the Florida Panthers on Tuesday night.
___
Jay Cohen can be reached at http://www.twitter.com/jcohenap
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Crewe police have charged a man following an aggravated burglary at a farm near Crewe.
Shortly after 12.40pm on Saturday April 15, officers were called to reports of an incident at a farm on Middlewich Road, Leighton.
Officers swiftly attended the scene and arrested a 32-year-old man on suspicion of aggravated burglary.
Following questioning, Kieran John Tomkinson was charged with one count of aggravated burglary and two counts of section 18 attempted wounding with intent.
Tomkinson, of Old Gorse Close, Crewe, appeared at South Cheshire Magistrates' yesterday (Tuesday April 18), in relation to the charges.
He was remanded in custody and is set to appear at Chester Crown Court on Tuesday May 16.
KABUL, Afghanistan (AP) - Afghan officials say bombs attached to motorcycles have killed four people in separate attacks.
One struck outside a sports stadium in eastern Nangarhar province, killing three on Monday. Akramuddin, a provincial police official, says the explosion occurred as former warlord Gulbuddin Hekmatyar was holding a rally at the stadium in Jalalabad, the province' capital.
Akramuddin, who like many Afghans uses only one name, says the blast took place as the rally ended. Ten people were wounded.
Hekmatyar, previously a declared terrorist by the United States, signed a peace deal with President Ashraf Ghani in 2017 and was removed from the list.
The second motorcycle bomb exploded in western Herat province. Spokesman Jelani Farhad says one person was killed and seven were wounded.
No groups have taken responsibility for the attacks.
Marcus Evans proudly presents the 4th Annual Mixed Use Developments conference which will take place on 18th – 20th July 2018 at the Grand Copthorne Waterfront Hotel, Singapore.
Happening for the fourth time this year, the three days conference will be featuring experts exploring ways to best integrate the property components, spaces, transit as well as nature.
One of the speakers, Robert Brodeth Senior Associate Director Ong & Ong, Singapore shared the conference is, “an opportunity to touch base with industry peers and users helps us align where the mixed use vertical is going. It's also a chance to share our learnings that might benefit or help inspire attendees with what they're dealing with.”
Presenting highly experienced speakers such as Djoko Prihanto Director, Urban Planning and Design DP Architects, Singapore; Michele Pasca di Magliano Associate Director; Zaha Hadid Architects, UK; Firdaus Effendy Mokhtar Executive Vice President, Land & Property Department Prasarana Integrated Development (A wholly owned subsidiary of Prasarana Malaysia Berhad); Robert Marshall Principal & Global Director – Planning & Landscape B+H Architects, Canada; Ame Engelhart Director Skidmore, Owings & Merrill (SOM), HongKong; Margot Adelle Orr Jones Future Cities Development Director Jacobs, UK; Doug Wright Principal PacThai International, Thailand; Bertil de Kleynen Sector Director for Architecture, Interiors & Landscape Atkins Global, Hong Kong; Gregory Kovacs Director Benoy, Hong Kong; Scott Whittaker Group Director & Founder; Design World Partnership (DWP), Thailand; Ed McIntosh Design Director – SE Asia; Grimshaw Architects, UK; Harold Tan Director – Real Estate Advisory Vestasia Group , Singapore; Yann Andre Leroy Owner Yann Leroy Architects, Thailand; Gerry Chan Vice President CapitaLand Retail, Singapore; Greg Yager Senior Vice President Callison RT KL, Hong Kong; Shamim Ahmadzadegan Firmwide Mixed Use Practice Area Leader, Design Director & Principal Gensler, USA; Conni Kieferle-Nicklas Managing Partner; Kieferle & Partner Architects, UAE; Cindy Kubitz Director; Kohn Pedersen Fox (KPF), China; Simon Parsons Executive Director & Practice Leader PTW Architects, Australia; Don Ubaldo Project Head & Sr. Assistant Vice President; Filinvest City; Chintan Raveshia Cities and Transit Leader Arup , Singapore; Chris Panfil Vice President & Director of Strategic Planning & Urban Design WATG, Singapore; Robert Brodeth Senior Associate Director; Ong & Ong, Singapore.
Speaking at the event, Jason Pomeroy, Founding Principal, Pomeroy Studio, Singapore shared that the conference will serve as a knowledge platform, “by encouraging a multitude of professions and sectors, the conference should encourage a continued dialogue and debate around the importance of sustainable and smart mixed use developments that can make a positive impact to society, localised economies and the built environment.”
One of the key highlights of the conference will be exclusive site tour to One-North Project, Singapore, interactive thinks tanks and spotlights sessions as well as a live group activity session: Build, Play & Collaborate.
4th Annual Mixed Use Development is proudly supported by Construction & Property Magazine.
PARIS — Eighteen climate scientists from the U.S. and elsewhere hit the jackpot Monday as French President Emmanuel Macron awarded them millions of euros in grants to relocate to France for the rest of Donald Trump's presidential term.
The "Make Our Planet Great Again" grants — a nod to Trump's "Make America Great Again" campaign slogan — are part of Macron's efforts to counter Trump on the climate change front. Macron announced a contest for the projects in June, hours after Trump declared he would withdraw the U.S. from the Paris climate accord.
More than 5,000 people from about 100 countries expressed interest in the grants. A majority of the applicants — and 13 of the 18 winners — were U.S.-based researchers.
Macron's appeal "gave me such a psychological boost, to have that kind of support, to have the head of state saying I value what you do," said winner Camille Parmesan, of the University of Texas at Austin. She will be working at an experimental ecology station in the Pyrenees on how human-made climate change is affecting wildlife.
In an interview with The Associated Press, Parmesan described funding challenges for climate science in the U.S. and a feeling that "you are having to hide what you do."
Trump has expressed skepticism about global warming and said the Paris accord would hurt U.S. business by requiring a reduction in climate-damaging emissions.
"We will be there to replace" U.S. financing of climate research, Macron told the winners in Paris on Monday.
"If we want to prepare for the changes of tomorrow, we need science," he said, promising to put in place a global climate change monitoring system among other climate innovations.
The research of the winning recipients focuses on pollution, hurricanes and clouds. A new round of the competition will be launched next year, alongside Germany. About 50 projects will be chosen overall, and funded with 60 million euros ($70 million) from the state and French research institutes.
Initially aimed at American researchers, the research grants were expanded to other non-French climate scientists, according to organizers. Candidates need to be known for working on climate issues, have completed a thesis and propose a project that would take between three to five years.
Clayton Kershaw, raked for four home runs. Corey Kluber, clubbed. Chris Sale, swatted. Luis Severino, slammed.
This is October, right? The time when All-Star aces excel?
“I mean, I really don't know. You kind of have seen it with every game,” Arizona lefty Robbie Ray said Friday.
“The starting pitcher has kind of given up — maybe it's emotions. Maybe hiding emotions throughout the postseason, whereas in a regular-season game those emotions aren't there,” he said. “But I don't know if there's anything physically different. It's still baseball.”
Add Zack Greinke and Drew Pomeranz to this week's early exit club, too.
“I've noticed,” said Dodgers lefty Rich Hill, set to face Ray and the Diamondbacks in Game 2 Saturday.
Not everyone has been adversely affected.
Stephen Strasburg took a no-hitter into the sixth inning of Washington's opener. Kyle Hendricks was sharp for the Cubs and Astros teammates Justin Verlander and Dallas Keuchel did well enough to give Houston a 2-0 lead in its AL Division Series matchup against Boston.
But Kluber, Sale and Severino — the top three AL pitchers in ERA this season — have been erratic in these playoffs. Their combined totals in three starts: eight innings, 16 earned runs on 20 hits.
Sale led the majors in strikeouts this year and was chomping at the chance to make his postseason debut. Facing the high-powered Astros, the Boston lefty was tagged for three homers, three doubles and seven runs over five-plus innings in Game 1.
“It happens,” Sale said, adding, “terrible time for it to happen.”
Kluber, favored by many to win a second AL Cy Young Award, was rocked for six runs and seven hits by the Yankees on Friday. The Cleveland righty was chased in the third inning.
“Kluber finally looking like he's human,” Indians star Francisco Lindor said after a 9-8 win in 13 innings.
Severino had the roughest start of them all. Picked to pitch the AL wild-card game for the Yankees, the 23-year-old gave up two quick home runs to Minnesota and was pulled after getting only one out.
And then there's Kershaw, who became the first Dodger to give up four homers in a postseason game ever — although he still got the win in Los Angeles' 9-5 victory over Arizona in Game 1.
Aces in the hole, for sure.
And unexpected in a postseason featuring 11 Cy Young Award winners.
“I can't really put, obviously, a theory to why pitchers are getting out or it's just not going the way for starting pitchers,” Hill said.
Twins starter Ervin Santana also got bounced fast in the wild-card loss to the Yankees.
“Common threads? I think that hitters have been aggressive and just kind of mislocation,” Dodgers manager Dave Roberts said. “Guys are taking good at-bats, they're spoiling pitches. Pitch counts are getting way up there.”
“That's the great thing about this game though, it's just so unpredictable,” he said.
To Arizona manager Torey Lovullo, a lot of credit goes to Paul Goldschmidt, Jose Altuve and other top hitters. Especially when they're facing pitchers who might be a bit tired.
“October baseball is the best thing in the world, as far as I'm concerned. I think these players feel it for so long that maybe they walk out on the mound, give what they can, and their tank is emptied a little sooner than later,” Lovullo said.
“And you have so many things you're walking into today. With today's players, they're able to equip themselves with all sorts of information, video, advance scouting. They can direct their own swings and prepare their own swings to attack starting pitching. I think there are a lot of things that go into that,” he said.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Apple today announced that Katherine Adams, formerly senior vice president and general counsel of Honeywell, will join Apple as general counsel and senior vice president of Legal and Global Security, reporting to CEO Tim Cook and serving on Apple's executive team.
The company also announced Bruce Sewell, who has served as Apple's general counsel since 2009, will be retiring at the end of the year.
“We are thrilled to welcome Kate to our team. She's a seasoned leader with outstanding judgment and that has worked on a wide variety of legal cases globally. Throughout her career she's also been an advocate on many of the values we at Apple hold dear,” said Tim Cook, Apple's CEO, in a statement. “Bruce has our best wishes for his retirement, after eight years of dedicated service to Apple and a tremendously successful career. He has tirelessly defended our IP, our customers' right to privacy and our values. Bruce has set a new standard for general counsels, and I am proud to have worked with him and proud to call him a friend.”
“Apple has had a tremendous impact on the world and it's an honor to join their team,” said Kate Adams, in a statement. “I'm excited to help Apple continue to grow and evolve around the world, protecting their ideas and IP, and defending our shared values.”
“To have worked with this amazing executive team and all the incredibly smart people at Apple, especially my colleagues in legal and global security, has been the honor of a lifetime,” said Bruce Sewell, in a statement. “The years I have spent in this job have been the most gratifying of my career. I'm delighted Kate is joining and I know she will be a huge asset.”
Before joining Honeywell in 2003, Adams was a partner at Sidley Austin LLP in New York. Earlier in her career, she served as a law clerk for Supreme Court Justice Sandra Day O'Connor; as trial attorney for the United States Department of Justice, Appellate Section, Environment and Natural Resources division; and as law clerk for Stephen Breyer, then chief judge of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the First Circuit.
Adams earned a bachelor's degree in Comparative Literature from Brown University and a law degree from the University of Chicago Law School.
Source: Apple Inc.
EAST HARTFORD, Conn. — Riley Ferguson threw for 431 yards and seven touchdowns, four of them to his favourite target Anthony Miller, as Memphis routed UConn 70-31 on Friday night.
Ferguson, who played just three quarters, completed 34 of 48 passes and the Tigers put up 711 yards of total offence.
The seven touchdown by Ferguson tied Paxton Lynch's school and conference record. Ferguson was 26 of 37 for 325 yards and five touchdowns in the first half alone.
Miller had 15 receptions for 224 yards for Memphis (4-1, 1-1 American Athletic Conference). His four TD catches also tied a conference record.
Ferguson and Miller connected on scores from 17, 8 and 40 yards in the first half, and the Tigers went into the break ahead 35-24. Memphis scored the first 28 points of the second half, highlighted by a 32-yard catch from Miller over a defender in the back of the end zone.
Bryant Shirreffs threw for 310 yards for UConn (1-4, 0-3) and the Huskies got 114 yards rushing and two touchdowns from Arkeel Newsome.
Doroland Dorceus had 22 carries for 122 yards for Memphis. His two rushing touchdowns and all but 23 of his yards came in the second half.
THE TAKEAWAY
UConn: The Huskies, who gave up the most points in school history, have now lost eight straight conference games. Connecticut's last conference win and last win over an FBS opponent came a full year ago, Oct. 8, 2016, when the Huskies beat Cincinnati 20-9 in East Hartford.
Memphis: It was the third time Ferguson has thrown for at least six touchdowns. It was his second 400-yard passing game (409 against Houston last season) and his 10th with at least 300 yards. The only Tiger with more is Lynch, who had 12.
London: Share markets were stuck on their worst run since November on Monday, as caution gripped traders in a week in which the Federal Reserve is likely to raise U.S. interest rates and perhaps signal as many as three more lie in store this year.
A 0.6-1.3 percent drop for Europe`s main bourses amid a flurry of gloomy company news and weaker Wall Street futures meant MSCI`s main 47-country world stocks index was down for a fifth day.
The caution also came against the backdrop of global trade war worries which are set to dominate a two-day G20 meeting starting later in Argentina as well as plenty of idiosyncratic factors.
Facebook shares slumped 3.7 percent in premarket trading after reports that 50 million of its users` data had been misused by a political consultancy firm ahead of the 2016 U.S. election and Brexit vote.
London`s FTSE was down double the rest of Europe as a savage profit warning wiped more than half the value off one of its big tech firms, even as a two-year Brexit transition deal gave the pound its best day in almost two months against the euro.
A Reuters report that the ECB is starting to think a bit more about the future pace of euro zone interest rate rises helped the euro recover from a difficult morning against the dollar.
It had struggled as the gap between 10-year German and U.S. government yields, referred to as the `transatlantic spread`, ratcheted out to its widest since December 2016..
Many analysts had been expecting that spread to be narrowing as the ECB nears the end of its stimulus programme, but it hasn`t proved the case. The shorter-dated 2-year borrowing cost gap is near its widest level in over 20 years.
"There has been the narrative of supposed policy convergence between the ECB and the Fed, but that is just not the reality," said Saxo Bank`s head of FX strategy John Hardy. With as many as four hikes seen this year, expectations were "chomping at the max" he added.
Weakness in equity markets was almost worldwide, meanwhile.
Japan`s Nikkei had ended down almost 1 percent as its exporters were hit by more overnight strength in the yen which eventually reversed in early U.S. trading.
The rest of Asia had struggled too, though China did manage to eke out some gains as Beijing announced a new economic team.
It included a surprise new central bank chief but for the most part was largely as anticipated and is expected to keep the focus on halting riskier types of lending in the giant economy.
FED AHEAD
Wall Street look set to lose more ground when New York reopens having seen the Dow lose 1.57 percent last week, the S&P drop 1.04 percent and the Nasdaq 1.27 percent.
The decline was somewhat surprising given figures from Bank of America Merrill Lynch showed a record $43.3 billion of inflows into equities last week, outpacing bond flows for the first time since 2013.
Whether the cash continues to flow could depend on what the Fed decides on Wednesday. All 104 analysts polled by Reuters expected the Fed would raise rates to between 1.5 percent and 1.75 percent on Wednesday.
They were less certain on whether the "dot plot" forecasts of committee members will stay at three hikes this year or shift higher.
It will also be the first press conference for new Fed Chair Jerome Powell. "Expected is a confident Fed Chair, both with respect to the economy`s strength and the Fed`s approach to policy," said analysts at Westpac in a note. "Gradual and timely are the operative words for policy."
Analysts at JPMorgan, however, see a risk the Fed might not only add one more rate rise for this year but for 2019 as well.
"The worst case is the '18 and '19 dots both move up - the Fed is currently guiding to five hikes in '18 and '19 combined but under this scenario that would shift to seven hikes," they warned in a note to clients.
"Stocks would probably tolerate one net dot increase over '18 and '19 but a bump in both years could create problems."
DOLLAR DIVIDED
Any nod to four hikes would normally be considered as bullish for the U.S. dollar, yet the currency has shown scant overall correlation to interest rates in recent months.
Reasons cited by dealers include concerns about the U.S. budget and current account deficits, political chaos at the White House, better growth in competing countries, particularly Europe, and the risk of a U.S.-led trade war.
Trade will be top of the agenda at a two-day G20 meeting starting later on Monday in Buenos Aires and any signs of escalating stress between the U.S. and China could make investors in Asia nervous.
As U.S. trading began, the dollar had recovered to 106.23 yen having been as low as 105.69 overnight though its wilt against the euro left it around 0.3 percent weaker against a basket of currencies at just below 90.
The prospect of higher U.S. interest rates was a burden for non-yielding gold, which slipped 0.8 percent last week. On the day, the metal was down at $1,311.20 per ounce.
Oil prices eased after ending last week with a solid bounce. Brent futures dropped as much as 40 cents to $65.81 a barrel, while U.S. crude futures for April, which expire on Tuesday, dipped as far as 36 cents to $61.98 a barrel.
A massage parlor shut down last week by city officials was one of the suspected illicit businesses near public schools named in a study released earlier this year by Children At Risk.
City officials closed Oriental Wellness Spa on Glenview Drive because of several code violations, and police said they believe there was prostitution happening at the business.
No one had been arrested as of Wednesday.
One adult woman was the only suspect in the investigation, Capt. Sheena McEachran said Wednesday in a telephone interview.
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
"There are no other suspects," McEachran said. "We're still trying to determine where these women came from."
Investigators believe the women described by police as adult females were likely victims of sexual exploitation and human trafficking.
Some online advertisement for Oriental Wellness at 7530 Glenview Drive noted the business had "New Hot Girls" and customers could experience "allure, sexy, amazing relaxation."
The owner of the business could not be reached Wednesday.
One of the code violations against Oriental Wellness involved using the business as a place of residence, McEachran said.
Acting on tips and a Star-Telegram story in April on Texas children attending public schools within 1,000 feet of suspected illicit businesses, police began an investigation with the assistance of a team from the McLennan County Sheriff's Office in Waco.
"They had officers who have had experience in investigating human trafficking, so we asked for their help," McEachran said.
Police and city officials executed a search warrant Friday and shut down the Oriental Wellness Spa.
A cease and decist order is on the Oriental Wellness Spa in Richland Hills which was shut down Friday. ramirez@star-telegram.com Domingo Ramirez Jr.
Earlier this year, Children At Risk, a Houston-based educational advocacy organization, identified 689 suspected illicit massage businesses in Texas using data scraped from an online website for massage businesses in which users post reviews that include sexually explicit acts received at businesses.
In an April interview with the Star-Telegram. Charlotte Carlisle, managing director of Children At Risk for North Texas, said the study also revealed questionable businesses scattered throughout suburban areas, including Arlington, Richland Hills and Benbrook.
There are a total of 55 schools in Texas within 1,000 feet of such businesses, the study states. Additionally, mapping reveals that these businesses are often scattered in middle- and upper-class neighborhoods.
Children At Risk identified 52 suspected illegal massage businesses in Tarrant County. Some of these are within 1,000 feet of a public school. One of these alleged business located within 1,000 feet of public schools was an educational facility operated by the Fort Worth school district at the county's juvenile detention center on Kimbo Road.
Oriental Wellness Spa was the business near Jack Binion in Richland Hills.
There are four Fort Worth schools within a half-mile of illegal massage parlors: Bonnie Brae Elementary, Charles Nash Elementary, Springdale Elementary and Leonard Middle School.
In Arlington, several schools were located near questionable massage businesses, including International Leadership of Texas High School. That campus is a public charter school located in the 4900 block of South Bowen Road. To check a school's proximity to a questionable massage business go to: www.childrenatrisk.org/human trafficking near schools/.
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Julia Walsh was rescued from sex traffickers, and her road to recovery continues. Domingo Ramirez Jr.ramirez@star-telegram.com
This report contains information from Star-Telegram archives
The United States doesn't get the Volkswagen Polo. There's plenty of speculation as to why that is – some say it's too close to the Golf in size and performance, while VW says it's not interested in sending its subcompact to a market dominated by sport-utility vehicles. Whatever the case, we're missing out on the amped-up Polo GTI, which makes 200 horsepower from its 2.0-liter turbocharged four bangers. For the record, yes that's the same engine in the Golf GTI, only detuned for duties in the smaller Polo.
With a bit of minor tweaking then, the Polo GTI should be a touch quicker than its advertised 0-100 Km/h (0-62 mph) time of 6.7 seconds. But if the above video from Automann-TV on YouTube is accurate, the little GTI is already quicker in that sprint – much quicker. Admittedly the times being recorded aren't laser accurate, but the spritely front-driver is shown making a few blasts to the aforementioned mark in about six seconds flat. That would also suggest the hot hatch can nip 60 mph in just under six seconds, which is dead even with its bigger GTI brother.
There are a couple items to note with these runs, however. According to the video description, the Polo was wearing “sticky” tires. Also, the runs were carried out at a race track, where grip is often a bit better than what you'd find on the street. That will certainly help the front wheels get power to the ground, and the car was also running the DSG gearbox with traction control engaged. Surprisingly, runs with and without launch control engaged delivered similar performance. In other words, this latest Polo GTI definitely puts the hot in hot hatch.
Our colleagues at Motor1 UK recently had a go in the latest Polo GTI, and found it to be a definite step up in the fun department over the previous model. Not only that, but despite being a smaller car it actually has more cargo space than the Ford Focus, never mind the Fiesta.
Though we hate to admit it, Volkswagen's case for not bringing the Polo stateside – never mind the GTI version – does make sense. American buyers are flocking to SUVs and crossovers en masse, though that still doesn't stop us from really wanting some fresh blood in the subcompact performance segment.
Source: Automann-TV
Friday, October 06, 2017
ZUG-RIEDMATT, SWITZERLAND—According to a report in Live Science, a copper ax similar to the one carried by Özti the Iceman some 5,000 years ago has been found at the northern foot of the Alps, where prehistoric villages were built on wooden stilts. “It was a very efficient general-purpose ax, especially proper for woodworking,” said Gishan Schaeren of the Canton of Zug's Office for Monuments and Archaeology. Chemical analysis of the lead in the blade linked the metal to the same source in southern Tuscany used to produce the larger, heavier blade carried by Özti. But it had been thought that people living to the north and south of the Alps did not have much contact. Schaeren disagrees. He thinks the people who traveled the Alps during the Copper Age probably had extensive knowledge of the landscape and its natural resources. “It is one step to a much more connected worldview,” he said. For more, go to “Ötzi's Sartorial Splendor.”
Bryan Colangelo, Philadelphia 76ers GM, allegedly used Twitter accounts to attack his own team and players. Yahoo Finance's Seana Smith, Andy Serwer, Dan Roberts and David Pogue discuss.
Jason Nark has been an enterprise reporter with the Daily News since 2008. He's covered just about everything and that's the way he likes it. He lives in South Jersey with his three kids and a dog, and likes to sleep in tents as much as possible.
Lenny Bronfman, who is a co-owner in Mendel's Garage, jumps out of a 1991 Delica that they have refurbished to sell in Philadelphia, it was bought from someone in Japan.
A plain old work van, a rolling white canvas that taggers love to spray paint, a car that makes you feel boring just looking at it, pulled up to a stop sign in Frankford on Thursday morning and idled.
When the driver opened the door, he had a tape measure clipped to his belt and a phone poised to take photos because, just like everyone else who sees a vintage Mitsubishi Delica, he wondered, “What the heck are those vans over there?”
The four vans, all at least 25 years old, were imports from Japan and were parked in a row by Gambrel Playground on Wakeling Street, but they'd soon leave Frankford for places far wilder, to ford rivers in Oregon or explore Canada's vast boreal forest, with bizarre features like ice makers and power curtains. Inside the brick-faced garage across the street, Michael Shmulevich was fielding calls from Utah and Washington, the state, because these quirky vans are beloved by outdoors enthusiasts and have become the bulk of his business.
“One guy I sold to drove his to Panama to go surfing,” Shmulevich said. “Two of those outside are going to California. Most of my vehicles are going to the West Coast. I sold one that didn't have air-conditioning to a guy in Texas. I said, ‘Good luck.'”
Mitsubishi has been making the vans since 1986 for markets in Asia, Europe and Australia, with right-hand steering. Versions of the Delica were sold in North America but in small numbers and only for three years, from 1987 to 1990. Shmulevich was born in Georgia, the country, and grew up working on cars with his grandfather. He began importing and exporting vehicles when he moved to Israel at 16, and continued after college when he moved to the United States with his wife 20 years ago. In 2015, Shmulevich bought his first Delica from an online auction in Japan, shipped it over, and was surprised at all the response the van received.
“I get it. It's like a minivan that eats rocks for breakfast,” he said.
Shmulevich sold that first van for $13,500. Now, nearly three years later, he has sold close to 100 Delicas ranging in price from $10,000 to $17,500, operating the Delica USA web site and an Instagram page.
Getting into some fun! 😜 A post shared by Delica USA (@delica_usa) on Jul 23, 2017 at 4:53pm PDT
When they arrive from Japan, Shmulevich's crew at Mendel's Garage strips the Delicas down and nearly rebuilds them, adding some flair like larger tires and roof racks. He also services the vans and has quickly become an expert-of-sorts, even though he's a “Porsche guy,” and he's building a “show-worthy” Delica with a coat of orange paint for outdoors shows.
“Yesterday I was on the phone with a guy from Utah,” he said.
The vans look futuristic in a 1986 kind of way, a refrigerator on wheels with an angled front end. One version was called the “Star Wagon.” The Delica might make an Italian car designer look away in shame, but it's got key features, Shmulevich said, that make outdoors enthusiasts drool: Most are four-wheel-drive, a rarity in any van, with small but reliable turbo diesel engines, and a mind-boggling arrangement of seating configurations that range from a bed for two to a party of seven.
“I was immediately in love,” Joe Zito, a Gloucester City resident, said of his first Delica test drive at Shmulevich's garage.
Zito, 38, wound up buying a Delica from an importer in Virginia and uses it on weekends to haul around other things he loves — his wife, Michelle, his dog, Max, and a vintage Triumph motorcycle he races on dirt trails.
“It's fun to navigate a tough section, off-road, while watching the factory Mitsubishi window curtains sway back and forth,” Zito said.
The Delica is a part of the growing #vanlife community and not the only option out there for enthusiasts, but often, they're a fraction of the price. Mercedes makes a four-wheel-drive van that starts at $53,000, and Volkswagen's beloved Westfalia camper vans are prized by collectors but unreliable, Shmulevich said. The only issue for Delica buyers, he said, is the right-hand steering wheel.
“It's actually not that bad, but I'm used to it,” he said.
For Shmulevich, the issue is getting more rust-free Delicas that are 25 years and older. Importing restrictions prohibit him from bringing in anything newer than a 1993 Delica this year. In 2019, he can import 1994 models, and so on.
Shmulevich, a father of three, lives in Bucks County and often takes Delicas up to a second home near Hunter Mountain in New York. People love to chat him up at gas stations and rest stops along they way, he said.
“It's not like a Ferrari where people are thinking, ‘Hey, look at this jerk in a Ferrari,'” he said. “People think they're kind of cool. They want to climb inside.”
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Connecticut's average gas price today is $2.48, three cents higher than this time last week. Compared to this time last year, average prices are $.24 cents higher.
Nationally, average prices have increased for 20 consecutive days with today's price of $2.41, $.02 cents higher than this time last week; and $.30 cents higher than this time last year.
Average prices typically increase this time of year with the onset of the summer drive season, warmer weather and the conversion to more expensive summer blends. This year contributing to that increase are reports of possible extended production cuts by OPEC and a decline in oil inventories that American motorists have enjoyed over the last year or so.
AAA's weekly survey of prices in Connecticut's four regional areas as follows:
Greater Bridgeport/Stamford $2.54
New Haven/Meriden $2.46
Greater Hartford $2.46
New London/Norwich $2.47
Statewide average $2.48
Today, South Carolina continues to register the lowest average in the nation at $2.13, followed by Mississippi at $2.08. Hawaii continues to lead the nation with the highest prices at $3.06, followed by California at $3.01. Connecticut has moved down to 13th place from 12th as the state with the highest prices in the nation.
AAA Northeast is a not-for-profit auto club with 61 offices in Rhode Island, Massachusetts, Connecticut, New Jersey, New Hampshire and New York, providing more than 2 million local AAA members with travel, insurance, finance, and auto-related services.
[India], Feb 3 (ANI): Tamil Nadu Chief Minister Edappadi K. Palaniswami on Saturday paid his tribute to the former Chief Minister and DMK leader CN Annadurai, on his death anniversary at Anna Samadhi, a memorial structure built on the Marina beach in Chennai.
Earlier in the day, Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (DMK) working President MK Stalin also paid floral his tribute to the late DMK leader.
CN Annadurai, popularly called Anna, served as the first chief minister of Tamil Nadu, from 1967. (ANI)
By The Associated Press
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE Atlantic Division W L Pct GB L10 Str Home Away Conf Boston 23 5 .821 — 7-3 W-1 12-2 11-3 15-4 Toronto 17 7 .708 4 8-2 W-6 9-1 8-6 8-4 Philadelphia 13 13 .500 9 4-6 L-4 7-6 6-7 6-6 New York 12 13 .480 9½ 4-6 L-1 11-5 1-8 6-9 Brooklyn 10 15 .400 11½ 4-6 L-1 5-7 5-8 4-7 Southeast Division W L Pct GB L10 Str Home Away Conf Washington 14 12 .538 — 5-5 L-1 6-5 8-7 7-5 Miami 12 13 .480 1½ 5-5 W-1 5-6 7-7 8-7 Orlando 11 17 .393 4 3-7 L-2 6-6 5-11 6-10 Charlotte 9 16 .360 4½ 3-7 L-3 8-6 1-10 5-10 Atlanta 6 19 .240 7½ 3-7 W-1 3-9 3-10 4-14 Central Division W L Pct GB L10 Str Home Away Conf Cleveland 19 8 .704 — 9-1 W-1 10-4 9-4 15-6 Milwaukee 15 10 .600 3 7-3 W-3 9-4 6-6 5-7 Indiana 16 11 .593 3 7-3 W-4 10-4 6-7 11-6 Detroit 14 12 .538 4½ 3-7 L-6 8-4 6-8 7-9 Chicago 5 20 .200 13 2-8 W-2 3-8 2-12 5-8 WESTERN CONFERENCE Southwest Division W L Pct GB L10 Str Home Away Conf Houston 20 4 .833 — 9-1 W-9 8-3 12-1 11-2 San Antonio 19 8 .704 2½ 8-2 W-4 13-2 6-6 9-4 New Orleans 14 13 .519 7½ 5-5 W-1 7-7 7-6 9-10 Memphis 8 18 .308 13 1-9 L-3 5-10 3-8 8-10 Dallas 7 20 .259 14½ 4-6 L-3 5-10 2-10 5-13 Northwest Division W L Pct GB L10 Str Home Away Conf Minnesota 16 11 .593 — 6-4 W-2 9-4 7-7 13-5 Denver 14 12 .538 1½ 5-5 L-1 10-2 4-10 6-8 Portland 13 12 .520 2 5-5 L-4 7-8 6-4 8-6 Utah 13 14 .481 3 6-4 L-3 11-5 2-9 8-7 Oklahoma City 12 13 .480 3 5-5 W-1 9-3 3-10 7-9 Pacific Division W L Pct GB L10 Str Home Away Conf Golden State 21 6 .778 — 8-2 W-6 8-3 13-3 9-4 L.A. Lakers 10 15 .400 10 4-6 W-2 6-7 4-8 4-10 L.A. Clippers 9 15 .375 10½ 4-6 W-1 5-7 4-8 7-9 Phoenix 9 19 .321 12½ 2-8 L-3 4-11 5-8 4-10 Sacramento 8 18 .308 12½ 4-6 L-1 4-7 4-11 6-7
___
Saturday's Games
L.A. Clippers 113, Washington 112
Miami 101, Brooklyn 89
L.A. Lakers 110, Charlotte 99
Atlanta 117, Orlando 110
Chicago 104, New York 102
Cleveland 105, Philadelphia 98
Milwaukee 117, Utah 100
Oklahoma City 102, Memphis 101, OT
San Antonio 104, Phoenix 101
Houston 124, Portland 117
Sunday's Games
Toronto 102, Sacramento 87
Boston 91, Detroit 81
Indiana 126, Denver 116, OT
Minnesota 97, Dallas 92
New Orleans 131, Philadelphia 124
Atlanta at New York, 7:30 p.m.
Monday's Games
Boston at Chicago, 8 p.m.
Charlotte at Oklahoma City, 8 p.m.
Miami at Memphis, 8 p.m.
New Orleans at Houston, 8 p.m.
Portland at Golden State, 10:30 p.m.
Toronto at L.A. Clippers, 10:30 p.m.
Tuesday's Games
Atlanta at Cleveland, 7 p.m.
Denver at Detroit, 7 p.m.
L.A. Lakers at New York, 7 p.m.
Washington at Brooklyn, 7:30 p.m.
San Antonio at Dallas, 8:30 p.m.
Philadelphia at Minnesota, 9:30 p.m.
Phoenix at Sacramento, 10 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
L.A. Clippers at Orlando, 7 p.m.
Memphis at Washington, 7 p.m.
Oklahoma City at Indiana, 7 p.m.
Denver at Boston, 7:30 p.m.
Portland at Miami, 7:30 p.m.
Milwaukee at New Orleans, 8 p.m.
Utah at Chicago, 8 p.m.
Toronto at Phoenix, 9 p.m.
Charlotte at Houston, 9:30 p.m.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
CHICAGO (AP) — The sole suspect in a 2015 theft of guns off a Chicago train who chose to go to trial has changed his mind and pleaded guilty just as jury selection was to start.
A federal judge was to begin the trial Monday but accepted Dandre Moody's guilty pleas instead, sending would-be jurors home.
Moody and seven others were arrested for stealing some 100 new guns from a Norfolk Southern yard. Several accomplices were scheduled to testify against Moody.
Judge John Tharp told Moody he'd be “beyond the point of no return” by pleading guilty and couldn't again change his mind. Moody said he understood and went on to plead guilty to cargo theft and other charges. He'll be sentenced March 27.
Advertisement
Tharp has said such thefts contributed to “an epidemic” of violence.
Global Drones Market Research Report, by Drone Type (Commercial, Military), Component (Sensor, Controller System, Camera, Navigation System), Application (Inspection & Monitoring, Military, Law Enforcement, Precision Cultivation) – Forecast till 2027
Market synopsis:
Drones or Unmanned Arial Vehicles are kind of aircraft which is controlled by pilots via remote or can be programmed for a specific operation. These drones provide ultimate accuracy on the operation and help to complete the operation with fewer errors. In the defense sector of any country, drones play a very important role as it can give optimum result without loss of human life. Technological advancement in the defense sector is driving the market. Increased applications in agriculture and law enforcement sectors are expected to favorably impact the market over the forecast period. The drones have various applications across different industrial domains, like e-commerce, military and aviation, cultivation and farming. Due to the higher demand for surveillance in terms of security and in the defense sector, the market for drones is expected to increase at a faster rate.
Get Sample Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1124
Various industrial domains like e-commerce and retail are largely working on the prioritized delivery of their product to the customers, in a minimum possible time. In addition to this, the e-commerce giant, Amazon had suggested the allocation of a separate airspace zone for the operation of these unmanned aerial aircraft in order to deliver goods to customers. There has been a huge initiative by the governments of different countries to adopt the drone services.In U.K, the drones are largely used by law enforcement, in China, these drone applications are used by the police for surveillance, and many other countries are legalizing the drone flying in designated airspace.
Some trends in the drones market include multirotor drones in nonmilitary applications for surveillance and photography, flight stability, and cost-benefit increasing the usage of rotary blade drones in commercial and consumer application. Furthermore, rising prominence of drones as risk mitigation tool fuels their adoption in nonmilitary sectors. Growing demand for aerial images and video in real estate, media & entertainment increases the growth of photography drones, and strong penetration of smartphones also fuels the interest in smartphone-controlled drones. However, lack of regulatory framework hampers the adoption of drones in the commercial sector. Draganfly showcased the new drones for law enforcement agencies in the U.S. General Atomics announced the acquisition of Miltec Corporation. Aurora flight announced the launch of world's fastest 3D printed drone. These drones can reach up to a speed of 150 Mph.
Segmentation:
On the basis of drones type, the market is segmented into commercial drones (fixed wing drones, VTOL drones), and military drones (small tactical unmanned aircraft system, medium altitude long endurance, high altitude long endurance, and unmanned combat air systems)
On the basis of component, the market is segmented into sensor (motion sensor, light sensor, proximity sensor, temperature sensor, position sensor and others), controller system, camera (multispectral camera, thermal camera, lidar camera, high resolution camera), navigation system (global positioning system and geographic information system), propulsion system, battery and others.
On the basis of application, the market is segmented into inspection and monitoring, military application, law enforcement, precision cultivation, media and entertainment, surveying and mapping, personal, education among others.
Regional analysis:
The geographical analysis of the drone market include regions like the North America, Europe, Asia Pacific and rest of the world. Among these regions, the North America has the largest market share. This market growth is due to the growing adoption of drones in military, e-commerce and retail application. Asia Pacific is expected to witness the highest growth rate during the forecast period. Europe holds the second largest market following North America. Europe is an advanced region in terms of automotive, organized retail, aerospace and defense and thereby capture a lot of application of unmanned aerial vehicles in this region.
Key players
The key players in the market of drones are- DJI (China), General Atomics (U.S.), Aurora Flight (U.S), AeroVironment Inc. (U.S.), BAE Systems PLC (U.K.), Denel Dynamics (South Africa), Draganfly (Canada), Elbit Systems Ltd. (Israel), General Dynamics Corporation (U.S.), Lockheed Martin Corporation (U.S.), Northrop Grumman (U.S.) among others.
Browse Complete Report@ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/drones-market-1124
Newbold Comyn Leisure Centre in Leamington will reopen to the public on Monday with a new gym and refurbished swimming pool among other features.
Sports and leisure operator Everyone Active is inviting people from in and around the town to try some of the new facilities free of charge.
Bookable two-hour taster sessions for the pool will take place on Monday August 21 from 9am to 5pm and on Tuesday August 22 from 9am to 8pm.
Visitors will also be able to have a tour of the new 100-station fitness suite on both days with Everyone Active members being able to use the facilities straight away.
And all of the facilities improved under phase-one of the works will be open for general use from Wednesday August 23.
Toni Gaskins, area contract manager for Everyone Active said: “We are really excited to unveil this fantastic facility to the community.
“As the longest-established leisure operator in the UK, we are committed to delivering improved leisure centre facilities in the areas we operate in.
“I would invite anyone who is looking to lead a healthier and more active lifestyle to visit the centre to find out how we can support them on their fitness journey.”
The events will mark the successful completion of phase-one.
Along with the fitness suite, which has been kitted out with modern TechoGym equipment, and the swimming pool two new fitness studios have been added to the centre with one being dedicated to spinning classes.
The centre's current changing rooms have had a much-needed refurbishment and will be used by swimmers and gym users temporarily until new poolside changing rooms are built as part of phase two of the project.
This phase is due to be completed in spring 2018 and will also include a new four- badminton court sports hall, cafeteria and ‘clip n climb' climbing wall.
A £4 million chunk of the £14.5 million being spent on both this project and the refurbishment of St Nicholas Park Leisure Centre's swimming pool has gone towards the installation of new systems in the ‘plant rooms' at the centres, which cover operations such as heating, pool heating and water filtration to make both sites run more efficiently and economically.
Cllr Michael Coker, Warwick District Council's portfolio holder for culture, said: “I'm delighted to see the much anticipated opening of Newbold Comyn and the completion of phase one of our ambitious leisure centre development programme.
“I very much hope that local people will come along and try out the wonderful new facilities in particular the state-of-the-art fitness studios and gym.
“Don't forget there's much more to come with the opening of the refurbished swimming pool and new changing facilities at St Nicholas Park and the completion of both centres in Spring 2018.”
For more information about the open days and the leisure centre call 882083 or click here.
New Delhi: The European Union (EU) on Friday gave thumbs up to India's Goods and Services Tax (GST) saying the new tax regime would facilitate ease of doing business.
Visiting EU leaders also welcomed India's efforts to promote economic and social development and expressed interest in participating in initiatives such as 'Make in India' 'Digital India', 'Skill India', and 'Start-Up India'.
"The EU closely follows Prime Minister (Narendra) Modi's economic reforms, including the historic introduction of the Goods and Services Tax (GST), which can facilitate ease of doing business and promotes market integration in India by realising a simple, efficient and nation-wide indirect tax system," a said India EU Joint Statement issued during India- EU Summit.
The 14th annual summit between India and the European Union (EU) was held here. India was represented by Prime Minister Narendra Modi. The EU was represented by Donald Tusk, President of the European Council, and Jean Claude Juncker, the President of the European Commission.
Modi appreciated the ongoing participation by EU companies in the flagship initiatives and called for their deeper engagement in India's developmental priorities.
The statement further said that the EU side encouraged the greater participation of Indian business organisations into the Enterprise Europe Network.
"The leaders noted the progress made on EU-India cooperation on resource efficiency and circular economy. Both sides agreed to enhanced cooperation and exchange of experience and best practices in the field of Intellectual Property rights (IPR) and public procurement," it said.
The leaders expressed their shared commitment to strengthening the Economic Partnership between India and the EU and noted the ongoing efforts of both sides to re-engage actively towards timely relaunching negotiations for a comprehensive and mutually beneficial India-EU Broad Based Trade and Investment Agreement (BTIA).
With regard to import tolerance level of tricyclazole in rice the relevant plant protection companies will be invited to present new scientific data in order for the European Food Safety Authority to carry out an additional risk assessment without delay, the statement said.
On this basis, the European Commission would expeditiously consider whether to review the above mentioned Regulation.
Both the sides also supported early institutionalisation of cooperation between the European Food Safety Authority (EFSA) and the Food Safety and Standards Authority of India (FSSAI) to focus on exchange of knowledge and expertise in the area of methodologies for data collection, risk assessment and risk communication.
Leaders welcomed the establishment of an Investment Facilitation Mechanism (IFM) for EU investments in India as a means to improve the business climate and hoped that the IFM will ease sharing of best practices and innovative technology from the EU to India.
"Leaders acknowledged that the 'Make in India' initiative may offer investment opportunities for companies based in the EU Member States," it said.
Further, the two sides reiterated the importance of reconciling economic growth and environment protection.
"They highlighted the importance of moving towards a more circular economic model that reduces primary resource consumption and enhanced the use of secondary raw materials," the statement added.
Leaders also reaffirmed their commitment to work together with all Members of the WTO to make the eleventh WTO Ministerial Conference a success with concrete results.
NEW ORLEANS (AP) - A woman detained and deported to Mexico in 2013 despite being in the United States legally cannot pursue a wrongful arrest and false imprisonment lawsuit against the government, a federal appeals court ruled Tuesday.
The 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New Orleans upheld a Texas-based federal judge's dismissal of the lawsuit by Guadalupe Chaidez Campos.
Chaidez Campos had entered the country illegally in 2012 and was ordered out, according to court records. She pleaded guilty to entering the country illegally and was sentenced to 11 months in prison. While in prison, according to the ruling, she applied for and received a type of legal "nonimmigrant" status granted to some crime victims.
However, when she reported to a probation office in November 2013 with her 1-year-old child and the child's father, she was detained, despite showing proof of her legal status. She was taken back into Mexico that same day, not returning until the following January.
Tuesday's ruling said the government enjoys sovereign immunity from the type of lawsuit Chaidez Campos filed. It said agents were not so unreasonable as to overcome that immunity. The three-judge panel said the agents, who knew of her earlier deportation order, acted within their discretion.
"At worst, what occurred were failures to understand the import of various immigration documents and regulations," Judge Leslie Southwick wrote for the panel.
Attorneys for the Mexican American Legal Defense and Education Fund had argued on behalf of the woman at the 5th Circuit. Representatives of the group did not immediately respond to an emailed request for comment Tuesday evening.
Dr Govinda KC spent 22 days lying on a gurney in a hospital in Nepal's capital Kathmandu, but he was not a patient. The orthopaedic surgeon was on hunger strike.
Dr KC has gone on hunger strike 10 times over the past four years in an attempt to pressure the government to improve healthcare in the impoverished Himalayan nation — and he is sure he will have to strike again.
“The hospitals and medical institutions, they don't have proper infrastructure. They don't have adequate manpower, adequate equipment,” said Dr KC from a hospital bed where he is recovering from his latest fast.
Nepal — a country of 28 million people — has only seven doctors, nurses and midwives, and 50 hospital beds, for every 10,000 people, according to the World Health Organization.
The WHO recommends at least 34.5 skilled healthcare professionals per 10,000 people.
The limited health sector was further strained after the devastating 2015 earthquake, which damaged nearly a third of public clinics and hospitals.
More than 80 percent of the population live in rural areas, reliant on rudimentary state-run clinics, while hospitals are concentrated in cities — and are mostly private.
“Private health care is linked to higher out-of-pocket payments, which leads to more people being impoverished as a result of health care,” said Jos Vandelaer, country director for the WHO in Nepal.
Health Minister Gagan Thapa said that while Nepal has made improvements, reducing child and maternal mortality, healthcare remained limited — and expensive.
“You have one liver problem and you are back into poverty,” he said.
Something of a medical Robin Hood, Dr KC, 60, is well known in Nepal for his philanthropic work, travelling to some of the country's most remote communities to provide medical care and train local health workers.
He lives in doctors' quarters at the back of the hospitals where he works and spends less than a third of his salary on himself, using most of it to buy drugs and basic equipment for his clinics. His only luxury is a 20-year-old television.
He has travelled alone to help out in disaster zones around the world, offering his services to local hospitals in Haiti following the 2010 earthquake and the Philippines after Typhoon Haiyan.
– Broken promises –
Nepal has been plagued by political instability since it transformed from a Hindu monarchy to a federal state in 2008, two years after the end of the bloody decade-long Maoist insurgency.
The revolving door politics has seen competing parties seek to retain influence by stacking loyalists within the bureaucratic structures — including in the health sector.
A new constitution agreed last year included a pledge for universal healthcare, but the charter is yet to be implemented.
Private hospitals and medical colleges have mushroomed, filling a hole left by the limited government-run health sector, and often owned by the politically well-connected.
“It is supposed to be a service-orientated sector, but it has turned to be [a] profit making sector for the political parties, for the politicians themselves,” said Dr KC.
Top of Dr KC's demands is an end to the political meddling that he says is putting business interests ahead of developing public health services.
Training is particularly contentious, dominated by fee-based medical schools which critics say lack basic facilities and enrol too many students each year.
“There is no commercialisation of the medical education sector in the big developed countries, whereas in our country it is so rampantly commercialised,” said Dr KC, who trained in Bangladesh with residencies in Britain and Switzerland.
Health minister Thapa said at least six members of the government's advisory health committee, which has consistently blocked the passing of a medical education bill to regulate doctor training, had links to private medical colleges.
The bill was one of the main demands Dr KC made in his latest strike, his longest yet, which ended in early December after he reached an agreement with the government.
But the surgeon and his supporters have little confidence things will change quickly.
“This is the tenth time that Dr Govinda KC has been in hunger strike, that means there has been nine times the agreement has been broken,” said Dr Lijan Maharjan, part of his negotiating team.
Lying on a hospital bed, a woollen hat pulled down low against the cold, Dr KC appeared resigned to another strike.
“They won't let it happen if I don't,” he said.
-AFP
As the racial unrest stirred by a neo-Nazi rally in Virginia on Saturday continued throughout the nation on Monday, a group of demonstrators took down a statue of a Confederate soldier outside a courthouse in Durham, North Carolina.
According to the News Observer, nearly 100 demonstrators, describing themselves as anti-fascists, used a ladder to tie a rope around the statue. The crowd used the rope to pull the statue to the ground.
Video of the incident shows the crowd kicking the statue, as others in the crowd cheered on.
The statue has stood outside the courthouse since 1924.
According to a Facebook event page, the protest was organized by the Workers World Party Durham Branch. The protest was organized to demand the removal of all Confederate symbols.
The News Observer reported that members of the Durham County Sheriff's Office were on hand, but did not get involved. Instead, deputies videotaped the incident.
“Charlottesville and racist monuments across the country are the result of centuries of white supremacy,” Alissa Ellis, a member of Workers World Party Durham branch, told the News Observer. “But we cannot ignore the fact that the current Trump administration has emboldened more Nazis, KKK, and white supremacists to target, brutalize, and kill our communities,”
The protest in Durham was one of many taking places across the country Monday evening. One of the largest rallies against white supremacy was in New York City, outside of President Donald Trump residence. Trump is expected to spend the night in his New York apartment.
What is wrong with Nancy Pelosi?While the House Minority Leader was participating in the town hall meeting televised on CNN Wednesday night, she suffered awkward brain freezes, stared at the audience, and waved her hands while she appeared to be struggling to speak.While urging new gun laws in response to a madman's massacre of country music fans in Las Vegas, Pelosi said, "Responsible gun owners from the hills of Arizona to the duck blinds of Minnesota, all over, say, 'We're all law-abiding, we have many guns, we have as many guns as he had, but we have,' uh, we have, um, uh," she said, turning to moderator Chris Cuomo, before repeatedly waving her hands, as if emphasizing words that refused to exit her mouth."Background checks," she finally blurted out.During another moment, she appeared to freeze while she was talking about the alleged Russian "hacking" of the presidential election, Pelosi said, "This isn't a frivolous thing. Many of us who, um-" she said before pausing, staring at the audience."...are interested in the public knowing" about the alleged interference, she finally continued.Another time, it seemed her mouth was operating more quickly than her brain.While talking about her response to Puerto Rico rebuilding after the hurricane, Pelosi said, "On the money side, uh, we have a letter," she began before taking a deep breath."We have a letter, uh, that we're sending to ask, uh, we want the Co- a letter came, not from us, the board that was established, to establish, to re-establish the, uh, financial integrity," she stumbled, just as CNN cut to the audience, showing them staring expressionless at the Minority Leader."Economic integrity," she corrected herself, "of Puerto Rico. When I say integrity, success," she said, correcting herself again.She continued to struggle to offer her explanation.
New Delhi: There's a never dull moment with Ben Stokes. The England all-rounder was involved in a tensed on-field fight with Wales-born Pakistan all-rounder Imad Wasim during their ICC Champions Trophy semi-final at Cardiff on Wednesday.
England, struggling to score runs, needed their star all-rounder Stokes to fire big time. And in the 38th over, Stokes and Imad had a go at each other. The tussle failed to die down, and finally, umpires calmed things down.
Here's the video:
Put into bat first, England could muster only 211 in a disappointing batting display. None of the famed England batsmen managed to reach the 50-run mark, with Joe Root top-scoring with 46.
Stokes, regarded as the hottest player currently, played a subdued innings of 34 runs off 64 balls without a single hit to the fence.
Pakistan chased down the target with relative ease, winning the match by eight wickets with 77 balls remaining.
Pakistan will play the winners of tomorrow's second semi-final between defending champions India and their South Asian neighbours Bangladesh.
New York: The Federal Reserve raised interest rates on Wednesday for the second time in three months, citing continued U.S. economic growth and job market strength, and announced it would begin cutting its holdings of bonds and other securities this year.
The decision lifted the U.S. central bank`s benchmark lending rate by a quarter percentage point to a target range of 1.00 percent to 1.25 percent as it proceeds with its first tightening cycle in more than a decade.
In its statement following a two-day meeting, the Fed`s policy-setting committee indicated the economy had been expanding moderately, the labor market continued to strengthen and a recent softening in inflation was seen as transitory.
The Fed gave a clear outline on its plan to reduce its $4.2 trillion portfolio of Treasury bonds and mortgage-backed securities, most of which were purchased in the wake of the 2007-2009 financial crisis and recession.
"The committee currently expects to begin implementing a balance sheet normalization program this year, provided that the economy evolves broadly as anticipated," the Fed said in its statement.
According to an addendum released with the policy statement, the Fed anticipates that the balance sheet reduction plan would feature halting reinvestments of ever-larger amounts of maturing securities.
The Fed sees the cap for Treasury securities to be $6 billion per month initially, increasing in $6 billion increments at three-month intervals over 12 months until it reaches $30 billion per month.
For agency debt and mortgage-backed securities, the cap will be $4 billion per month initially, increasing by $4 billion at quarterly intervals over a year until it reaches $20 billion per month.
Fed Chair Janet Yellen is due to hold a press conference at 2:30 p.m. EDT (1830 GMT).
EYES ON INFLATION
The Fed has now raised rates four times as part of a normalization of monetary policy that began in December 2015. The central bank had pushed rates to near zero in response to the financial crisis.
Policymakers also released their latest set of quarterly economic forecasts which showed temporary concern about inflation and continued confidence about economic growth in the coming years.
They forecast U.S. economic growth of 2.2 percent in 2017, an increase from the previous projection in March. Inflation was expected to be at 1.7 percent by the end of this year, down from the 1.9 percent previously forecast.
A retreat in inflation over the past two months has caused jitters among some Fed officials who fear that the shortfall, if sustained, could alter the pace of future rate hikes. Earlier on Wednesday, the Labor Department reported consumer prices unexpectedly fell in May, the second drop in three months.
The Fed`s preferred measure of underlying inflation has retreated to 1.5 percent, from 1.8 percent earlier this year, and has run below the central bank`s 2 percent target for more than five years.
Expectations of any fiscal stimulus in the near term from the Trump administration have also waned with campaign promises on tax cuts, regulation rollbacks and infrastructure spending either still on the drawing board or facing hurdles in Congress.
Interest rates are seen rising one more time by the end of this year, according to the median projection of the forecasts released with the Fed`s policy statement, in keeping with the previous forecast.
Estimates for the unemployment rate by the end of this year moved down to 4.3 percent, the current level, and to 4.2 percent in 2018, indicating the Fed believes the labor market will continue to tighten.
The median estimate of the long-run neutral rate, which is seen as the level of monetary policy that neither boosts nor slows the economy, was unchanged at 3.0 percent.
Minneapolis Fed President Neel Kashkari dissented in Wednesday`s decision.
Health chiefs and care professionals have described the care home ‘crisis' in Harrogate as ‘a perfect storm'.
The claims by the Chair of the Scrutiny of Health Commission for North Yorkshire, Councillor Jim Clark, follow “shocking” new insolvency figures.
A weather warning is still in place for Warwickshire this morning (Monday).
A yellow warning is currently in place for the West Midlands for ice.
After the heavy snow fall yesterday the temperatures overnight will have likely caused a lot of icy patches on roads and on pavements.
The warning is in place until 11am.
In Warwickshire temperatures today are not expected to get above 1°C.
More snow has been forecast today but this is expected to be in the northern part of the country.
For the list of schools closed today click here.
By: News Staff
news@abc6.com
Twitter: @ABC6
PROVIDENCE, R.I. - Have you ever wondered how zoos deal with all of the snow?
ABC6 News caught up with the Roger Williams Park Zoo Monday afternoon to see how they're planning on keeping all of the animals there safe and warm.
According to staff, they plan days ahead by laying extra bedding down for the animals to keep them warm, and double the amount of food.
However, there are still some big concerns even with all of that preparation.
“Other major concerns are loss of power... we have a lot of tropical animals... and if we lose heat.. that can be very dangerous," says employee Jeremy Goodman.
“With large snow drifts... if they get high enough... you can have an animal walk out."
Goodman says the zoo has several back-up generators to ensure the animals stay warm and extra precautions are taken so that the animals remain in their spaces.
©WLNE-TV / ABC6 2017
STORRS, Conn. (AP) — Jacob Evans III scored 19 points to lead No. 8 Cincinnati to its 14th straight win, 65-57 over a struggling UConn team.
Kyle Washington added 13 points and 11 rebounds for the Bearcats (21-2, 10-0 American), who never trailed.
Jalen Adams scored 20 points and Christian Vital added 18 for the Huskies, who have lost five of their last six to fall below the .500 mark at 11-12 (4-6) American.
The Bearcats shot just 36 percent from the floor, 10 percentage points below their season average. But they held UConn to 29 percent.
Cincinnati opened the game with three straight 3-pointers and ran out to a 13-0 lead. The Huskies missed their first 10 shots and didn't score until Christian Vital drove the lane for a layup almost eight minutes into the game.
The Bearcats had a drought of their own, getting just six free throws over a nine-minute span before a 3-pointer from Evans made it 26-16.
A 3-pointer by Keith Williams at the halftime buzzer sent the Bearcats into the locker room up 32-21.
Consecutive 3-pointers by Cane Broome eight minutes into the second half extended the lead to 17 points and the Bearcats weathered a late 12-4 UConn run.
BIG PICTURE
Cincinnati: A win in its next game against UCF would tie the team's longest winning streak in the 12-years since Mick Cronin took over as head coach. The school record for consecutive wins is 37, during the 1961-62 and 1962-63 seasons.
UConn: The Huskies are now 27-29 over the past two seasons. UConn has lost 12 straight against ranked opponents and is 0-5 against the Top 25 this season. Despite their struggles, this was the Huskies first loss on campus this season. The Huskies are now 5-1 at Gampel Pavilion.
UP NEXT
Cincinnati: Heads home to face UCF on Tuesday before at two-game road trip to SMU and Houston.
UConn: The Huskies remain at home to face USF on Wednesday. It will be the first time this season the Huskies have had back-to-back games at Gampel Pavilion.
___
More AP college basketball: http://collegebasketball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_Top25
Tiffany & Co. is the victor in a long-running fight with Costco Corp. over knock-off engagement rings to the tune of $19.4 million.
A New York federal judge ordered the bulk retailer to pay $11.1 million of the profits selling what it labeled as “Tiffany” engagement rings along with $8.25 million in punitive damages.
Tiffany sued Costco in early 2013, claiming its trademarked name was being improperly used on signage that misled shoppers.
“Costco's proffered explanations for the Standalone usage — that clerical workers merely copied language from jewelry suppliers' invoices as shorthand for Tiffany settings and that Costco therefore was not engaging in intentional infringement or counterfeiting — were not credible in light of trial evidence that showed that displays of fine jewelry are an integral part of Costco's marketing strategy. Costco made frequent internal and external references to Tiffany as a quality and style benchmark, and Costco displayed rings with ‘Tiffany' stand-alone signage in proximity to displays of name-brand luxury watches,” the judge said.
With Monday's ruling, Costco is permanently barred from using the word “Tiffany” alone or in reference to ring or setting styles.
The case went to trial in fall of 2016, and a unanimous jury found that while Costco's profits from “Tiffany” labeled rings totaled $3.7 million, that amount was “inadequate to compensate Tiffany” and suggested that $5 million plus $8.25 million in statutory damages be awarded.
Instead, the judge decided to triple Costco's actual profits and order the $8.25 million in statutory damages, finding that there was no “credible evidence as to Costco's reason for using ‘Tiffany' without a following modifier.”
The judge also noted that “Costco's salespeople described such rings as ‘Tiffany' rings in response to customer inquiries, and were not perturbed when customers who then realized that the rings were not actually manufactured by Tiffany expressed anger or upset. Costco's upper management, in their testimony at trial and in their actions in the years prior to the trial, displayed at best a cavalier attitude toward Costco's use of the Tiffany name in conjunction with ring sales and marketing.”
A Tiffany spokesman said the company was pleased with the ruling, noting it “validates the strength of the Tiffany trademark and the value of our brand, and most importantly, sends a clear and powerful message to Costco and others who infringe upon the Tiffany mark. Tiffany is much more than a name. It stands for responsible sourcing, exacting standards and exceptional craftsmanship.”
A representative of Costco could not be reached for comment.
FILE - In this Dec. 2, 2015, file photo, Tesla Motors Inc. CEO Elon Musk delivers a speech at the Paris Pantheon Sorbonne University as part of the United Nations Climate Change Conference in Paris. For years, Tesla has boasted that its cars and SUVs are safer than other vehicles on the roads, and CEO Elon Musk doubled down on the claims in a series of tweets this week. Francois Mori, File AP Photo
No arrests have been made in the theft of a visitor's bag last week at Tiki Beach, but it was a story that gathered a lot of social media chatter as you just heard, today we spoke to tourists enjoying Seven Mile Beach to get their thoughts on the incident, Cayman 27's Philipp Richter has this report.
For tourists coming to Cayman, a popular feature all visitors are drawn to is the water.
“I like it here because I mean the water here is clearer than usual water,” said tourist Aiden Adams-Ford.
“The clear water, the city in general,” said visitor, Asia Adams.
While others speak about Cayman's hospitality.
“I had some people help me out at the grocery store today, like they gave me a ride , it's different , it's different than at home, people don't really, they're not nice like that,” said Andrew Thayne, visitor from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
But when it comes to theft, it leaves a bad taste in the mouths of visitors.
“If someone stole my bags, I probably wouldn't want to come back to the Cayman Islands, you know what I mean? Because I'd probably have my money and my passports and stuff like that, so yeah, probably wouldn't come back,” said Mr. Thayne.
For Asia Adams, who is celebrating her 21st birthday on Island, an incident like that would ruin the festivities.
“I'd be very upset, I'd be distraught, because it's like, we're here with only the things that we bring here to shop and do the different things we wanna do and to steal our bag would be like, we don't have anything to do, that's it, he trips is over,” said Asia Adams, who is celebrating her 21st birthday on Island.
For visitors, they say precautions should be put in place to keep people and their possessions safe, otherwise the tourism industry would decrease.
“And it sounds like tourism is one of your biggest economic, incomes , so it would probably be pretty bad, it's bad for everybody, I'd tell all my friends that my stuff got stolen and it's not safe,” said Mr. Thayne.
The tourists all agree Cayman is a beautiful place to be and they would like to have returning stories that would not prevent future tourists from visiting.
Police are asking visitors not to leave valuables unattended on the beach. According to West Bay Inspector Lloyd Marriot, theft is always a crime of opportunity and leaving valuables unattended creates that opportunity.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
Washington: The United States lifted long-standing sanctions against Sudan on Friday, saying it had made progress fighting terrorism and easing humanitarian distress, and also secured Khartoum`s commitment not to pursue arms deals with North Korea.
In a move that completes a process begun by former President Barack Obama and which was opposed by human rights groups, President Donald Trump removed a U.S. trade embargo and other penalties that had effectively cut Sudan off from much of the global financial system.
The U.S. decision marked a major turnaround for the government of President Omar Hassan al-Bashir, who once played host to Osama bin Laden and is wanted by the International Criminal Court on charges of orchestrating genocide in Darfur.
However, Sudan will stay on the U.S. list of state sponsors of terrorism - alongside Iran and Syria - which carries a ban on weapons sales and restrictions on U.S. aid, U.S. officials said.
Sudanese officials also remain subject to United Nations sanctions for human rights abuses during the Darfur conflict, the officials said, speaking on condition of anonymity.
The lifting of sanctions reflects a U.S. assessment that Sudan has made progress in meeting Washington's demands, including cooperation on counter-terrorism, working to resolve internal conflicts and allowing more humanitarian aid into Darfur and other rebellious border areas, the officials said.
State Department spokeswoman Heather Nauert said the sanctions relief was in recognition of Sudan`s "sustained positive actions" but that more improvement was needed.
The Trump administration also secured a commitment from Sudan that it would "not pursue arms deals" with North Korea, and Washington will apply "zero tolerance" in ensuring Khartoum`s compliance, one of the officials said.
But they said Khartoum`s assurances on North Korea were not a condition for lifting sanctions, some of which had been in place for 20 years and have hobbled the Sudanese economy.
Sudan has long been suspected of military ties with North Korea, which is locked in a tense standoff with Washington over its missiles and nuclear weapons programs. But the official said Khartoum was not believed to have diplomatic relations with Pyongyang and that was not expected to change.
Sudan also has recently distanced itself diplomatically from Iran, another U.S. arch-foe.
POTENTIAL BOOST FOR BUSINESS
U.S. officials have said that sanctions relief, which will unfreeze Sudanese government assets, could benefit a range of businesses in Sudan, including its key energy sector.
The economy has been reeling since South Sudan, which holds three-quarters of former Sudan`s oil wells, seceded in 2011.
“Sudan looks forward to building normal relations with the United States," the foreign ministry said in a statement. "However, this requires lifting Sudan from the list of state sponsors of terrorism because it does not apply (to Sudan)."
Central bank governor Hazem Abdel Kader said removing sanctions would allow Sudan`s banking system to "reintegrate into the global economy," according to state news agency SUNA.
Shortly before leaving office, Obama temporarily eased penalties against the east African nation. In July, the Trump postponed for three months a decision on whether to remove the sanctions completely, setting up an Oct. 12 deadline.
Right groups see the sanctions removal as premature.
“It sends the wrong message to lift these sanctions permanently when Sudan has made so little progress on human rights," said Andrea Prasow, deputy director of the Washington office of Human Rights Watch.
Democratic U.S. Representative Jim McGovern said the sanctions decision “legitimizes the murderous actions of the Sudanese government” and warned that “any back-sliding will likely result in Congress reinstating sanctions.”
The United States first imposed sanctions on Sudan in 1997, including a trade embargo and blocking government assets, for human rights violations and terrorism concerns. Washington layered on more sanctions in 2006 for what it said was complicity in the violence in Sudan`s Darfur region.
SUN BASEBALL TOP 10
1. REDLANDS EAST VALLEY (14-2)
Allowed eight runs last five games
Last week: 2
Next: Today at Miller
2. ETIWANDA (14-3)
Suffered first league loss, still two games up
Last week: 1
Next: Wednesday vs. Chino Hills
3. SAN GORGONIO (16-2)
Has 7-0 league record, outscored opponents 67-9
Last week: 3
Next: Wednesday vs. Rialto
4. KAISER (15-3)
Allowed only five runs in seven league games
Last week: 4
Next: Today vs. Grand Terrace
5. DON LUGO (17-1-1)
Still only a half-game lead in league
Last week: 5
Next: Today at Alta Loma
6. LOS OSOS (12-6)
First league team to beat Etiwanda
Last week: 8
Next: Wednesday at Rancho Cucamonga
7. OAK HILLS (17-4)
Scoring 8.3 runs per game
Last week: 6
Next: Today at Serrano
8. CITRUS VALLEY (13-4)
Off to 6-0 start in league, but meat of schedule to come
Last week: 9
Next: Today at Carter
9. REDLANDS (11-7)
Two close losses to REV
Last week: 7
Next: Today at Eisenhower
10. YUCAIPA (9-8)
Hitting stride as Coach Stout wins 800th
Last week: NR
Next: Today at Cajon
Dropped out: No. 10 Carter (8-8).
Others under consideration: Ayala (14-7), Chaffey (10-3-1), Grand Terrace (13-5).
London, United Kingdom — 4 July 2018 — Care Compliance Expert is a company that has been founded with the sole objective of making the caring for the elders better. Taking it to the next level requires not only patience but deep knowledge for the needs and necessities of this segment of people. Many adults like to ignore what their parents need and how they feel at this old age. This is not a correct approach and the care quality has to be improved dramatically.
All the people are going to become old at some point in time and the quality that we all care for the elders will reflect on the karma that we will have when we reach this old age. High quality dementia care can beat half of the problem. When the person feels treated in the right way then the mood also improves and all of this happens in the right way. When the people are going to pay more attention to the health and safety in care homes then the general level of the quality of life will rise several per cent.
Most of the people are striving to grow a little bit every year and paying more attention to this objective can truly improve this growth and make the world that we live in a better place and a safer place for the elders that achieve an age that they have to be cared for. The care quality is directly dependent on this and when the people are focusing on having a higher standard then the world can more in the right direction. Having the right standards for the dementia care can change a lot of things starting with the attitude of the care persons and ending with the general mood of the people that are involved in this business.
CCE is a company that has been involved in this equation for a long time and has a wide variety of expertise domains in which it truly excels. The health and safety in care homes is one of the strongest domains that it can give professional advice in. Many other governmental organizations are consulting with the company when it comes to make critical changes in the regulations. The care quality is always on the rise and there are indeed new methods as to propel these changes.
Contact:
Company: Care Compliance Expert
Web site: carecompliancexpert.co.uk
URL: carecompliancexpert.co.uk/dementia-care
April 13 Fitch:
* Nonprofit hospitals in some U.S. states could see fiscal benefit if legislatures expand Medicaid under Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act
* Nonprofit hospitals in all U.S. states will have to contend with additional stresses in coming years whether or not states decide to expand Medicaid
* Says also expect U.S. nonprofit hospital margins to be pressured when shift to value-based/risk-based contracts accelerates Source text for Eikon:
MIAMI BEACH, Fla. (AP) - A Florida nightclub that was shut down after a scantily clad woman rode bareback on a white horse through a crowd will be allowed to reopen.
A Miami Beach code official ruled Monday the city should reinstate the Mokai Lounge's business license after its owners acknowledged five violations and agreed to pay $12,150 in fines. The club also will make a $10,000 donation to Peaceful Ridge Horse Rescue and promises no more animals will be used in the club.
The city suspended the club's license earlier this month, a day after video went viral showing the woman riding the horse inside the club. As the animal moved through the crowded space, it appeared to panic, and the woman fell off. No injuries were reported to humans or the horse.
© Susan Walsh/Asociated Press
White House tech support discovered the suspected breach after Kelly turned his phone in to tech support staff this summer.White House officials believe that chief of staff John Kelly's personal cellphone was compromised, potentially as long ago as December, according to three U.S. government officials.The discovery raises concerns that hackers or foreign governments may have had access to data on Kelly's phone while he was secretary of Homeland Security and after he joined the West Wing. Tech support staff discovered the suspected breach after Kelly turned his phone in to White House tech support this summer complaining that it wasn't working or updating software properly. Kelly told the staffers the phone hadn't been working properly for months, according to the officials.White House aides prepared a one-page September memo summarizing the incident, which was circulated throughout the administration.A White House spokesman said Kelly hadn't used the personal phone often since joining the administration. This official said Kelly relied on his government-issued phone for official communications. The official, who did not dispute any of POLITICO's reporting on the timeline of events or the existence of the memo, said Kelly no longer had possession of the device but declined to say where the phone is now.Kelly has since begun using a different phone, one of the officials said, though he relies on his government phone when he's inside the White House.Several government officials said it is unclear when - or where - Kelly's phone was first compromised. It also is unclear what data might have been accessed, if any.Kelly's travel schedule prior to joining the administration in January is under review. The former Marine general retired in 2016 as chief of U.S. Southern Command.Staffers reviewed the cellphone for several days and tried to decipher what had happened to it, the officials said. Many functions on the phone were not working. The IT department concluded the phone had been compromised and should not be used further, according to the memo. The document triggered concern throughout the West Wing about what information might have been exposed, one of the officials said.The revelation comes amid an internal probe at the White House into personal email use. Senior officials, including Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump, have at times used personal email for government business, POLITICO has reported.Additional storage lockers recently were added in the West Wing for personal devices and aides have been warned to limit personal cellphone use in the building.Bill Marczak, a senior research fellow with the Citizen Lab at the University of Toronto's Munk School of Global Affairs, said the worst-case scenario would be "full access," in which an attacker would be able to essentially control a device, including its microphone and camera."The [attackers] I would be most worried about are nation-states or other actors who may have access to resale of commercial spyware sold to nation-states," he said."The average user won't notice anything at all. Really, the only way to pick up on that is to do forensics on the phone," he added.This article was reported in coordination with the Project On Government Oversight , a nonprofit investigative watchdog organization.
A Panama Canal linehandling team waits on the bow of the Coast Guard Cutter John McCormick as it transits through the Panama Canal during it's voyage to their homeport of Ketchikan, Alaska, February 12, 2016.
The cutter John McCormick will be the first Fast Response Cutter to be commissioned in Alaska.
Photo by Petty Officer 3rd Class Charles Lescinsky.
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 02.12.2017 Date Posted: 02.14.2017 19:14 Photo ID: 3165376 VIRIN: 170212-G-KZ985-673 Resolution: 6000x4000 Size: 4.88 MB Location: PA Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, USCGC John McCormick enters Panama Canal [Image 1 of 2], by PO1 Jon-Paul Rios, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
They honored his memory. They wished his soul peace and rest. But the mourners attending the funeral for the Rev. Paul Wancura Tuesday did not ignore the terrible, violent way he died.
“Every one of us has been horrified by what has happened,” said the Rev. Lawrence Provenzano, bishop of Long Island, during the service at Caroline Church of Brookhaven in Setauket, where Wancura served for 26 years.
Scores of mourners filled the church to praise the priest, who was found tied up last month in his Shelter Island bedroom after a home invasion.
The 87-year-old had been bound and left for at least three days before he was found by a fellow minister checking on him. He died April 16.
Mourners emphasized Tuesday that the way he lived his life — dedicated to serving others and his faith — far eclipsed the way in which he died.
“Regardless of what the police say, or what the reports say, [his] life speaks louder than any of that,” Provenzano said.
When the service ended, Wancura's dark brown coffin was moved to the small cemetery beside the church, where he was laid to rest.
Sign up for the Power on Trial newsletter Get our insider's look and analysis of the key moments in the Mangano-Venditto trial. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Check back for updates on this developing story.
Oregon State had a big run of commitments in the month of June, landing seven of its overall 10 pledges in the class of 2019 in that month. The last prospect to commit to OSU during that stretch was Bend (Ore.) tight end Luke Musgrave.
His recruitment was interesting, as he didn't receive his first scholarship offer until June 6 when the Beavers delivered him the good news. UC Davis, Utah State, Cal, and Oregon all offered the 6-foot-5, 225-pound three-star prospect over the span of a week.
"I'm kind of a late bloomer," Musgrave said. "I was a lot smaller in recent years and grew up a little bit -- size wise. I had some good opportunities and worked hard."
New York: A 30-year-old Indian national pursuing his masters in Chicago has been seriously injured after he was shot in his right cheek by an unidentified assailant, according to media reports.
Mohammad Akbar was seriously wounded in the shooting on December 6 in the Albany Park neighbourhood in Chicago, according to reports and information provided by his family in India.
Around 8:45 am on Wednesday someone walked up to him and fired shots, Chicago Police was quoted as saying by the Chicago Tribune.
He was shot in the cheek and taken in serious condition to Illinois Masonic Medical Center, police said.
The county police has started investigating the attack and is trying to trace the alleged assailants.
Chicago police said they were not treating the attack as hate crime. Nobody has been arrested yet.
Akbar, who hails from Hyderabad, is studying for his postgraduate degree in computer systems networking and telecommunications at DeVry University in the US city, his family has said.
He has been in Chicago for the past three years and currently staying in a flat on Whipple Street.
The shooting comes amidst growing attacks on Indians and Americans of Indian descent in recent months.
Srinivas Kuchibhotla, a software engineer from India, was fatally shot in Olathe, Kansas, in February by a US navy veteran who had told him and his friend at a bar to go back to their country.
Weeks later, a Sikh man was shot in his arm in his driveway in Kent, Washington state, by a masked man who had told him go back to his "own country".
Related Coverage Warning about Jayden K. Smith is just another Facebook hoax
(WTNH) — Social media has had a profound impact on life today.
“Social media plays a wide range of roles in the criminal realm and the things we investigate,” says Sargent Corey Davis of the Connecticut Center for Digital Investigations.
Sgt. Davis digs into cyber crimes and those committed through social media.
Related Content: Warning about Jayden K. Smith is just another Facebook hoax
He says the internet can be a safe place if accounts are kept private with a small social media circle.
“But unfortunately, teenagers like to be popular,” explained Sgt. Davis. “And that can make them vulnerable.”
We spoke with some experts on how to keep kids safe while online.
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
MOSCOW (Sputnik) - Recent statements by the UK doctors, who were providing medical treatment to Sergei and Julia Skripal, have failed to add any clarity to the case of the poisoning of the former double agent and his daughter in the city of Salisbury, a spokesman for the Russian Embassy in London told Sputnik.
"We have thoroughly scrutinized the statements made by UK doctors who were providing medical treatment to the Skripals. Unfortunately, there are still many questions. The Embassy has to note another time that it finds out details of treatment of the two Russian nationals from media, rather than from UK authorities, to whom we have submitted multiple [relevant] requests; not to mention the fact that everything is happening after nearly three months since the incident took place," the spokesman said.
The spokesman stressed that the doctors had dodged the issue of the use of an antidote, only saying that they tried all their therapies and received assistance from experts from the Porton Down laboratory. He stressed that the real role of "international experts" from the lab remained unclear.
READ MORE: Russian Ex-Undercover Agent Suspects Yulia Skripal is a 'Toy' in Hands of UK
"It would be interesting to find out at what stage they became involved in the treatment, and what ‘new approaches' they suggested. At the same time, we are surprised by the statements of doctors who say that they did not expect the Skripals to survive after their exposure to a nerve agent, and were ‘surprised' by their speedy recovery. It does not fit in with the [previous] statements that the Skripals were saved due to the timely medical treatment in the first hours and days after the poisoning," he argued.
He also noted that the account of the events by the doctors contradicted previous media reports which had claimed that doctors with expertise in chemical weapons attacks were "accidentally" on duty at Salisbury District Hospital that afternoon.
© Sputnik / Maksim Blinov Time for UK to Apologize to Moscow for Accusations Over Skripal Case - Embassy
The spokesman also pointed to other inconsistencies, for instance, the lack of decontamination activities at the hospital, while the relevant clean-up was "in full swing" at the places visited by Sergei and Yulia Skripal on March 4.
The embassy is also perplexed why doctors acted as representatives of the Skripals in court while asking permission to take their blood samples and hand them over to "international experts," while UK authorities were in the known that the Skripals had relatives in Russia, the spokesman pointed out.
To conclude, the spokesman recalled that the UK side continued denying Victoria, a niece of Sergei Skripal, a visa.
On Tuesday, the BBC broadcaster published an interview with the doctors of the hospital, who said that they had first thought that the Skripals were suffering from an opioid overdose. Then, the medics were briefed by the police on the circumstances of their sudden intoxication and concluded that the Skripals had been exposed to a nerve agent, which reduced their chances for recovery. In the end, the patients were saved with the help of experts from the Porton Down defense research laboratory, according to the doctors.
READ MORE: Russia Opposes Initiative to Convene OPCW Conference Over Skripal Case — Mission
The Skripals were found unconscious in March on a bench at a shopping center in Salisbury. The United Kingdom and its allies have accused Moscow of having orchestrated the attack with what UK experts claim was the A234 nerve agent, without presenting any proof. Russian authorities have strongly refuted the allegations as groundless.
We've all heard of driving while Black. Now, taking out the trash while Black can make you a victim of police tactics.
On the evening of September 23, Desiree Collins, 52, was taking out the trash outside of her St. Paul, Minnesota home when she was viciously attacked by a police dog. Body cam footage shows a terrified Collins on the ground with the K-9 biting into her arm. Her eyes are wide and she is screaming in pain while an officer says, “You're fine, you're fine.” The officers, with no sense of urgency, gently gets the K-9 to release Desiree. When she asked, “What did I do?” An officer answered, “Just in the wrong place at the wrong time.” Watch below.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=75&v=Bu-eTmDFzNg
According to The Washington Post, this “professionally trained police dog” went wild because the officer had the animal on a long leash and he broke free. St. Paul police apologized to Desiree in a brief statement, “What happened to Ms. Collins was a terrible accident that should not have occurred. I am sorry it happened and that she was injured. As a department, we wish we could go back and do things differently. Unfortunately, we can't. What we can do is apologize and take responsibility.” However, Andrew Noel, Collins's attorney, told Star Tribune, “What you have here is a completely innocent person taking out their garbage … and a K-9 simply wasn't controlled. It should never have happened.” Desiree suffered multiple injuries and has now filed a federal lawsuit.
This isn't the first time a St. Paul police dog wrongfully attacked a civilian. In March of 2017, St. Paul police paid $2 million to a man assaulted by police and bitten by a K-9. In March 2016, the city paid $200,000 to another woman bitten by a K-9.
To make matters worse, the officer who was in control of the K-9 that bit Desiree Collins is still on duty with the department — and so is the K-9. Let's imagine if Desiree Collins had a dog that bit a police officer who was in the “wrong place at the wrong time.” Take a wild guess on what would have happened to the dog and Desiree.
SOURCE: Minneapolis Star Tribune, Washington Post
SEE ALSO:
Philando Castile's Mother Offers Support
Cop Who Killed Philando Castile Leaves Police Department With $48,500 Buyout
New Delhi: Top discus thrower Vikas Gowda on Wednesday retired after competing at the highest level for more than 15 years, during which he became the first and only Indian male to win Commonwealth Games medals in the discipline.
The retirement of the four-time Olympian, who will turn 35 on July 5, has not come as a surprise as he has not taken part in any major international event since winning a bronze in the Asian Championships last year in Bhubaneswar.
His retirement was announced by the Athletics Federation of India on its Twitter page after Gowda sent the AFI a letter, declaring his intent to call it quits.
The Mysore-born Gowda's family moved to Maryland, USA just before he turned six. His father Shive was a former athlete and a national coach at the 1988 Olympics.
Gowda, who holds the national record of 66.28m (achieved in 2012), is one of the most decorated Indian athletes, having won a gold in the 2013 and 2015 Asian Championships. He also won silver in the 2010 Commonwealth Games and a gold in the 2014 Glasgow CWG. In the Asian Games, he won a bronze in 2010 and a silver in 2014.
He took part in the 2004, 2008, 2012 and 2016 Olympics. Of the three, he was able to reach the final round only in the 2012 London Games.
His retirement came just a few months before the Asian Games in Indonesia but he has been on the wane for some time. He did not take part in the recent Commonwealth Games as the AFI had made a strict rule that those who do not take part in the national championships, which serve as selection trials, will not be allowed to participate in the multi-sporting events.
Even for the Asian Championships last year, he was told to come to Bhubaneswar all the way from the US prior to the event, to take part in the selection trial.
Win: A 4-pack of tickets to “Cinderella” on Wednesday, December 27, 2017 at 7:30 p.m., at the Fabulous Fox Theatre.
Contest Ends: Thursday, December 14, 2017
Listen to Paul Cook on Y98 this week and call in for your chance to win a 4-pack of tickets to “Cinderella” on Wednesday, December 27, 2017 at 7:30 p.m., at the Fabulous Fox Theatre.
Tickets for the show are on sale now, click here for more info.
Must be 18 years or older to enter. Contest ends Friday, November 10, 2017. Read the official contest rules.
Rome, July 4 - Labour and Industry Minister Luigi Di Maio said Wednesday that he is happy to see his 'dignity decree' amended in parliament while warning that he will not let it be watered down. "Parliament is sovereign," said Di Maio, who is also deputy premier and leader of the 5-Star Movement (M5S). "If the amendments go in the direction of improving (the package), the M5S will be ready for dialogue. "If they want to water down the measures that we have written, on the other hand, we will hold firm".
Though the Allies now had a firm hold on the European continent and were battling back German forces, the Second World War at it's height with desperate combat raging.
Many among the general public know of “torpedo boats” from American sources, whether the story of John Kennedy's PT-109, or the comedy TV show, McHale's Navy and PT-73.
But in real life what is little known is that American PT's were based on a British design, also built in Canada, called MTB's- for motor torpedo boats.
Outside boat is G-class MTB 466 of the Canadian 29th Flotilla, inside boat has two rows of small depth charges instead of torpedo tubes. These were to counter German two-man mini subs. 466 was lost in the fire at Ostend © PA-144537
Also little known is that a fleet of British and Canadian sailors manning the MTB's played an important role in the sea battles along the European coast.
After escort duties on D-Day, the ships were assigned coastal patrol along the European coasts similar to their role along the English coast prior to D-Day.. Several nights a week from European ports, the crews set out to harass German shipping, and the German's own equivalents of the the MTB's, the E-boats and R-boats.
Most Canadians are completely unaware that torpedo boats were also built in Canada. Workers on the deck of an MTB at the Canadian Power Boat Company, Montreal, April 24, 1941. Once the contracts for MTB's and high-speed rescue boats were filled, the company began making wings for Mosquito fighter-bombers.
The MTB's were powered by three V-12 aircraft engines, with two Ford V-8s to be used for low speed, low noise stealth. Armed with two torpedos and a few machine guns, or even a six-pounder cannon, their top speed was around 40 knots.
Montreal: Two MTB's in the boat basin at right (now a parking lot) showing torpedo tubes and MG turrets. Moored at right is a slighltly smaller High Speed Launch used to rescue downed pilots in the English channel and elsewhere. The building would be to the left.. Note the roadway lift bridge just at the upper left which gave the boats access to the Lachine Canal.
On this date, February 14th, 1945, the Canadian 29th Flotilla of MTB's were moored at the Belgian port of Ostend (Oostende) in a small basin called La Crique, along with a British flotilla.
A patrol had been scheduled for that night, so some sailors were away from their ships for a few hours, while others were below decks sleeping.. During fuelling or de-fuelling operations that day some of the high-octane aviation fuel had been spilled onto the water, spreading out among the boats.
Montreal April 1941: Inspecting one of the just added machine gun cupolas, the other one to the left has not been fitted yet. © PAC
Perhaps it was a carelessly tossed cigarette, but something ignited the thin layer of fuel which spread across the water and quickly set the closely packed wooden ships on fire in a sudden and intense inferno.
2016: The heritage Canadian Power Boat Co. building. The boat basin long since filled in and the roadway lift bridge giving access for boats to the canal, also long gone. The building has remained largely unchanged since the war. It was occupied by a number of small entrepreneurs until a couple of years ago when Montreal expropriated it, and planned to demolish it for a new bus repair depot. Abandoned since then, the otherwise good shape of the building has deteriorated. © Google streetview
For the next two hours fuel tanks and ammunition exploded and burned,
A heavy toll- in lives and ships
Quick action by one crew managed to get their ship running and as they beat back the flames, the crew tied two other ships to theirs and pulled them to safety out of the harbour.
Able Seaman Jack Porter recovering from burns in the Feb 14 1945 fire © PAC- mikan 3364374
But the damage and death toll was heavy. Five of the eight Canadian 29th Flotilla ships and seven British boats were destroyed.
The loss of life was even greater and far more tragic with 28 Canadian sailors, and 35 British having perished in the inferno.
With most of their MTB's gone, the 29th Flotilla ceased to exist, and remaining boats and crew were absorbed into British Flotillas.
The accidental fire on this date remains the greatest tragedy of the coastal patrol fleet.
The Senior Officer of the 29th Canadian Motor Torpedo Boat Flotilla – C.Anthony Law – wrote a book called “White Plumes Astern” about the Canadian MTB's. At the end of the book he quoted a poem by signalman Andrew Cleeland
“The raging of the treacherous seas, Long the arch enemy of the M.T.B.'s,
Now ceases to hold us in its spell, As we hear the tale of Ostend Hell,
The truth of cause will be remote, and intrigue will lend its tragic note,
Here today and gone tomorrow, As mothers and sweethearts shrink in sorrow,
but above it all is heard the cry, Oh God, the everlasting question, WHY?”
The monument is found on the Montgomery Dock, just a few hundred metres northwest of the Oostende train station. © Robert Lust- Veterans Affairs Canada
CANADA REMEMBERS THE 29TH MTB FLOTILLA FEBRUARY 14, 1945 ON THIS DATE AN ACCIDENTAL FIRE AND EXPLOSIONS DECIMATED THE 29TH CANADIAN MOTOR TORPEDO BOAT FLOTILLA WHILE DOCKED IN OOSTENDE, BELGIUM HARBOUR. 26 SAILORS OF THE R.C.N.V.R. WERE KILLED AND 5 BOATS DESTROYED. IN HONOUR OF
WE CARE AND REMEMBER , R.C.N.A. THEY SERVED WITH VALOUR
Granite memorial at Ostend to the tragedy of Feb 14, 1945. Listing the Canadian seamen who died in the tragedy. © Deltombe Rino/A Century Ago -Veterans Affairs Canada
(on the back of the monument)
THEY DIED FOR THE FREEDOM OF BELGIUM AND MANKIND.” IN MEMORY OF THE R.C.N.V.R. OFFICERS AND MEN OF THE 29TH CANADIAN MOTOR TORPEDO BOAT FLOTILLA WHOSE NAMES ARE ENTERED HERE. A FEW LIE IN MARKED GRAVES, THE MAJORITY KNOWN UNTO GOD. ALL ARE HONOURED HERE, IN THE HARBOUR OF OOSTENDE, WHERE THEY PAID THE SUPREME SACRIFICE. WE PROUDLY SALUTE THE MEMORY OF SHIPMATES OF THE ROYAL NAVY, 35 WERE KILLED WITH THE LOSS OF 7 BOATS IN THIS DISASTER. WE REMEMBER LS JOSEPH VASEY R.N. KILLED WHILE SERVING IN MTB 465 OF THE 29TH FLOTILLA. ERECTED BY THE ROYAL CANADIAN NAVAL ASSOCIATION, THE CANADIAN COASTAL FORCES VETERANS ASSOCIATION, SYMPATHETIC FRIENDS, AND THE MAYOR, COUNCIL AND CITIZENS OF THE CITY OF OOSTENDE. MAY 8, 2003
Additional information- sources
Rick Brand is a longtime Newsday reporter who writes about politics and government on Long Island.
Suffolk County Executive Steve Bellone will deliver his annual State of the County message May 17, and for the first time will move the event to a larger setting, Suffolk Community College's Van Nostrand Theatre in Brentwood.
“This year we're moving . . . to a larger venue,” Bellone said. “I look forward to sharing my ideas with our elected officials and community leaders on how we can continue moving Suffolk forward.”
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Since taking office in 2012, Bellone has delivered his annual address to county lawmakers at their auditorium in Hauppauge, which can seat 155. The Van Nostrand Theatre can seat 477.
Bellone's Republican predecessor, Steve Levy, moved the annual address from the legislative auditorium to various sites around the county, generating criticism from lawmakers and increasing security costs.
Legis. Kevin McCaffrey, Republican caucus leader, said he had no problem with changing the location to the college. McCaffrey, of Lindenhurst, noted that the legislative auditorium “is always jam packed and may not be the best of venues,” adding, “I'll probably have more problems with what he has to say.”
The event is by invitation only, but the public can watch Bellones”s speech live on News 12 Long Island or through www.facebook.com/stevebellone
advertisement | advertise on newsday
The Van Nostrand Theatre is located in the Bentwood campus' Sagtikos Building. Doors will open at 5:30 p.m. and guests must all be seated by 6:45 p.m. The speech begins at 7 p.m.
LYNCHBURG, Va, - Lynchburg city wants to combat cybercrime full time.
In the proposed budget for the upcoming fiscal year, the information technology department is asking for up to $146,000 to hire someone whose only job will be to manage the city's cybersecurity.
City officials say the person who fills the proposed position will be responsible for about 20 departments.
Officials say computerized threats are growing and so is the opportunity for an attack, so they want to stay ahead of the curve.
"We have issues all the time, nothing severe. But as you probably know, cybersecurity threats are constant and part of the threats are just employee education, knowing how to avoid a phishing attack as an example of those kinds of things, how to handle personal information or sensitive information," said Mike Goetz, director of information technology.
Even if approved by city council, the department won't be able to fill the position until fall.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
Sgt. Bryant Davis, a motor transport operator with Special Purpose Marine Air-Ground Task Force Crisis Response-Africa, carries plates of pasta to tables at a soup kitchen in Catania, Italy, Dec. 29, 2016. Marines and sailors volunteered their time to help clean up the area and serve food during the holiday season. (U.S. Marine Corps photo by Cpl. Alexander Mitchell/released)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 12.29.2016 Date Posted: 01.02.2017 09:24 Photo ID: 3083013 VIRIN: 161229-M-ML847-369 Resolution: 5760x3840 Size: 11.36 MB Location: CATANIA, IT Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Marines, sailors volunteer at soup kitchen in Italy [Image 1 of 12], by Cpl Alexander Mitchell, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
A department at Warwick Hospital have received a new piece of equipment from a grateful former patient.
The physiotherapy department at the hospital has received a generous gift of a new leg press machine from Alan Johnson.
Mr Johnson received treatment with the pulmonary rehabilitation service in physiotherapy at Warwick Hospital earlier this year.
The pulmonary rehabilitation course helps people manage their lung conditions by increasing their overall fitness.
Mr Johnson heard that the team needed the new piece of equipment and went on to ask his Masonic Lodge whether they would consider gathering enough funds needed for the leg press.
Upon receiving the leg press, physiotherapist Elizabeth Sullivan said: “This leg press will enable patients to exercise their legs as a way of regaining and maintaining strength and function.
“It is great that our patients are so generous and helping us to provide the best care.”
Musculoskeletal physiotherapist Paul Saunders added: “The leg press machine is a great machine to both assess and treat patients with a variety of hip, knee and ankle injuries.
“This means that we will be using it on a daily basis with patients who attend Warwick Hospital physiotherapy department.”
Following Mr Johnson's request, £250 was donated from Jephson Lodge, £200 from the Round Table and £1,350 from Warwickshire Masonic Charitable Association.
The former patient and his wife Hilary also donated £200, which helped to make up the £2,000 total needed to buy the new leg press.
Mr Johnson said: “We are very pleased that together with Jephson Lodge, the Lodge of the Round Table and the Warwickshire Masonic Charitable Association, we have been able to help in acquiring this equipment and hope that it will help treat many physiotherapy patients in the years to come.”
A plaque has also been put on the new equipment. It reads ”Provided by the kind generosity of Warwickshire Freemasons”.
Those wishing to learn more about fundraising for the South Warwickshire NHS Foundation Trust should contact the Trusr on 01926 495321 ext. 8049 or email charity@swft.nhs.uk.
(Credit: Def Jam)
By Annie Reuter
Vince Staples is teaming up with Marvel once again. A previously unreleased song of his is featured in the trailer for the computer animated film The Spider-Man: Into The Spider-Verse.
Related: Vince Staples and Tyler the Creator Reveal Joint 2018 Tour Dates
In the nearly 90-second clip, Staples can be heard rapping over slick beats as the adventure plays out on screen. “This morning I woke up in the fortress of distortion / I'm at war with my emotions / I'm coming home now / I'm coming home / Right where I belong now / Right where I belong,” he raps.
Watch the trailer for the film below.
Previously, Staples' song “BagBak” was featured in the Marvel film Black Panther. The Spider-Man: Into The Spider-Verse, is expected to hit theaters Christmas 2018.
NASHVILLE — All-Pro safety Kevin Byard believes it doesn't get much better for he and his Titans teammates: First learning from defensive co-ordinator Dick LeBeau and now Dean Pees.
"Just having two legends as coaches on the defence, man, I was blessed," Byard said.
Now, what the Titans' defence with look like under Pees, that remains somewhat a mystery. Neither Pees nor the Titans are sharing many, if any, details right now. Oh, there's been talk of showing different looks on the defensive line and being consistent in coverages.
But that's about as much as Pees is willing to share.
"I'd like to be more little more precise, but I really don't want to talk about scheme particularly and what we're doing," Pees said Wednesday when asked about coverage consistency.
The Titans made a change from Mike Mularkey to first-timer Mike Vrabel as head coach in January mostly to get more production from an offence led by young quarterback Marcus Mariota. Even though the Titans were the AFC's best against the run and allowed a league-fewest five touchdowns rushing and tied for fifth in sacks, they still have plenty of room for improvement on defence.
Maybe because the Titans were so good against the run, they faced more passes than any other defence in the NFL. They also gave up the most first downs through the air last season. The Titans ranked 25th defending the pass, giving up 239.3 yards per game, and 17th in points allowed. Despite Byard intercepting eight passes, Tennessee finished with 12 interceptions overall — tied for 18th in the league.
With Pees last season, Baltimore ranked 12th in yards allowed per game. The Ravens led the NFL with 22 interceptions and also tied for 10th against the pass giving up 213.8 yards per game.
Pees, 68, has spent the last 14 of his 45 years as a coach in the NFL. But he hasn't talked with LeBeau, someone he's always admired and wanted to have a relationship with as a coach. The new Titans co-ordinator has been busy learning his new players and installing his defensive schemes with a little more than third installed as of Wednesday.
Outside linebacker Derrick Morgan, now on his fifth head-coach with this franchise, said the defence remains primarily a 3-4 base. Each coach uses different language to describe plays, and Morgan said learning that is the biggest challenge.
As darkness descended on the de Seversky Mansion in Old Westbury, the manicured grounds were brightened by 1,000 people dressed lavishly in white. Long Island's first Diner en Blanc was underway.
A harpist played on the stately home's front porch; around back a soprano trilled. There was even a trio of white-clad ballerinas pirouetting on the steps that led down to the lawn. But guests were not relaxing. Their first order of business was to set up the folding tables and chairs they had brought with them. They laid the tables with white tablecloths and set out china, cutlery and stemware. Creative centerpieces abounded: flowers, candles, Mason jars filled with tea lights.
The planning that went into these tablescapes was in stark contrast to the central mystery of the evening. After submitting to a complicated lottery system and paying $49 per person (exclusive of food), all of the guests had driven to one of more than a dozen pickup locations in Nassau and Suffolk and gotten aboard a bus that took them to an undisclosed location.
White outfits. Alfresco dining. Secret location. Dancing under the stars. These have been the hallmarks of the Diner en Blanc since its inception in 1988 when Frenchman François Pasquier invited a group of friends to dine in Paris' Bois de Boulogne. He asked his guests to wear white so they could find one another. During the next 29 years, the tradition grew into an institution: 100,000 diners have convened at events in more than 75 cities around the world.
Bridget O'Brien, a public relations and events specialist who organized the Long Island gala with Donyshia Boston Hill and Shanoy Skeete, said the de Seversky Mansion was chosen for two main reasons. “The event relies on imagery and visuals,” she said. “We needed a beautiful location that says ‘Long Island.' Second, we wanted to highlight Nassau County. The Hamptons get so many interesting events — we wanted to show that Nassau is hip too.”
The buses started arriving around 6 p.m. and by 7:30, everyone had set up their tables. O'Brien gave the signal and the evening was inaugurated by everyone twirling their white napkins in the air. The party began in earnest. After they finished their dinners, guests began to gravitate toward the dance floor, where the soprano had been replaced by a DJ spinning hip-hop, techno dub step and R&B classics.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Joy and Dan Flynn had made the trip to Old Westbury from Quogue. “We had our passports and everything,” said Dan, dashing in a white suit and top hat. His wife, resplendent in a ruched, low-cut number with lace sleeves, said “it was highly organized, but somehow so spontaneous. You arrived and there was instant camaraderie.”
She viewed the dress code as more than ornamental. “The white really binds everyone together.”
The Gifted pulled no punches in its midseason finale, shockingly killing off one of the main mutants, only to introduce three new ones you may recognize from the X-Men comics!
After being taken prisoner by the FBI, Andy (Percy Hynes White) and Lauren (Natalie Alyn Lind) were put in an impossible situation: use their newfound destructive powers, or watch Campbell (tktk) execute one of their mutant friends. Campbell's tactics may have succeeded in the end, but they came at the cost of Dreamer (Elena Satine), whom Campbell killed to "motivate" the kids. Blink (Jamie Chung) and the kids may have been rescued in the end — if you really call psychotic telepaths a rescue team — but they probably just jumped out of the frying pan and into the fire.
Just when you thought Esme (Skyler Samuels) and Marcos' (Sean Teale) rescue mission might be a success, Esme turned on her fellow mutant and made countless agents murder each other with her powers of mind control. That's when we learned just who and what Esme is. That sweet, unsuspecting little telepath is actually one of three identical triplets X-Men fans may recognize as the Stepford Cuckoos (or Cuckoo Sisters), and their agenda seems less than liberating.
"They are identical triplet clones," showrunner Matt Nix clarified when we asked about this newest twist. "Technically they are the clones of Emma Frost — the cloned 'daughters' of Emma Frost... They're telepaths whose powers are strong individually but much stronger when they're together. They are also concerned with protecting mutants and the future of their kind, but they have very different ideas from the mutant underground about how to go about that. They're willing to take much more extreme measures than the folks in the mutant underground and really make no apologies for it."
The Gifted Just Dropped a Huge X-Men Hint
It's hard to ignore the similarities between these girls and the Brotherhood, who also used extreme measures to facilitate their "mutant friendly" agenda. They both want to save mutants, but Esme and her sisters will cut down anyone and anything in their path — including other mutants it seems.
"As far as they're concerned, they know how to deal with the situation, and they know if they just presented their plan directly to the mutant underground, there's no way they'd go for it," Nix says. "So Esme takes it upon herself to make sure that she can rescue her sisters and the other mutants in the facility in a very, very hardcore way. And again, she makes no apologies for that."
The Gifted airs Mondays at 9/8c on Fox.
Marines and sailors with Special Purpose Marine Air-Ground Task Force Crisis Response-Africa, stand for a group photo with workers at a soup kitchen in Catania, Italy, Dec. 29, 2016. Marines and sailors volunteered their time to help clean up the area and serve food during the holiday season. (U.S. Marine Corps photo by Cpl. Alexander Mitchell/released)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 12.29.2016 Date Posted: 01.02.2017 09:21 Photo ID: 3083026 VIRIN: 161229-M-ML847-549 Resolution: 5760x3840 Size: 12.66 MB Location: CATANIA, IT Web Views: 1 Downloads: 1 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Marines, sailors volunteer at soup kitchen in Italy [Image 1 of 12], by Cpl Alexander Mitchell, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
A view of a damaged window of the Turkish Embassy after an attack, on Oesterbro, north of Copenhagen, Denmark, early Monday, March 19, 2018. Danish police says it is searching at least two people suspected of attacking the Turkish embassy in Copenhagen with fire bombs early Monday. Henrik Moll, head of Copenhagen police, told reporters Monday that no one was injured in the attack that caused minor damage to the exterior of the embassy building. (Mathias Ogendal/Ritzau Scanpix via AP)
A view of a damaged window of the Turkish Embassy after an attack, on Oesterbro, north of Copenhagen, Denmark, early Monday, March 19, 2018. Danish police says it is searching at least two people suspected of attacking the Turkish embassy in Copenhagen with fire bombs early Monday. Henrik Moll, head of Copenhagen police, told reporters Monday that no one was injured in the attack that caused minor damage to the exterior of the embassy building. (Mathias Ogendal/Ritzau Scanpix via AP)
HELSINKI (AP) - Danish police say they are searching at least two people suspected of attacking the Turkish embassy in Copenhagen with firebombs.
Henrik Moll, head of Copenhagen police, told reporters Monday that no one was injured in the early morning attack that caused minor damage to the exterior of the embassy building.
He said patrolling police officers partly witnessed the incident and saw two people fleeing from the scene. A criminal investigation has been launched into the matter.
Danish media reported the bombs were apparently Molotov cocktails.
A Staten Island elementary school scrapped its traditional father-daughter dance this coming Friday because of the Department of Education's new gender guidelines.The DOE ordered schools to "eliminate" any "gender-based" practices like the dance in a March 2017 policy update unless they serve a "clear" educational purpose.The PS 65 shindig, set for Feb. 9, was abruptly postponed until next month after the school's PTA realized the dance would run afoul of the rules."Until we understand what we are legally permitted to do, we need to table this event," PTA president Toni Bennett wrote to a private school-parents group on Facebook.Some parents were hopping mad at what they saw as political correctness intruding on a quaint tradition, now in its third year."They're trying to take away everything that everybody grew up on and has come to know and I don't think it's fair or right," said Matthew West, a 32-year-old father of two daughters at the school, Lily and Willow. "They should leave it the way it was - father-daughter, mother-son."Of PC culture, he said, "I hate it . . . People are just becoming too scared to talk.""It's not fair at all," said Jose Garcia, 37, who's gone to the past two dances with his 9-year-old daughter, Jolene. "I have nothing against no one but I don't think that it should affect the school, or the kids for that matter."A disappointed Jolene said, "They had a dance party. We got to wear dresses and hang out with our friends.""All this gender crap needs to just stop," said mom Akaia Cameron, who added that her third-grader had a "great time" with dad last year.Parents pointed out PS 65 has no gender-inequality issues, because the Stapleton school had a mother-son bowling event last year.The school's PTA will stage a rescheduled dance for kids and caregivers of any gender on March 2, according to the DOE.Bennett told The Post the PTA will change the annual "Father/Best Guy & Daughter Dance" to a more inclusive theme.Principal Sophie Scamardella instructed the PTA to change the event "to ensure all students and families were welcome to attend," DOE spokeswoman Miranda Barbot said."We have clear guidelines in place that require school-related events to be inclusive of all students," Barbot said.Still, while the PTA president was pointing to gender policies, the principal announced in a confusing letter to befuddled parents on Wednesday that the dance was postponed because Bennett "wanted to host it at a bigger venue.""The DOE . . . has strict guidelines about how we present information," Scamardella wrote. "They have a 'gender neutral' policy that must be adhered to at all times." Some parents "have taken to Facebook to challenge this ruling," she added, but "there is no challenge."The DOE's new Transgender and Gender Nonconforming Student Guidelines, issued last March, were behind the change, and not any parental complaint, according to Bennett."Father-daughter dances inherently leave people out. Not just because of transgender status, just life in general," said Jared Fox, the DOE's LGBT community liaison. "These can be really uncomfortable and triggering events."But Fox said there's no DOE policy explicitly banning father-daughter dances. Events are reviewed on a case-by-case basis. "I'm really hard-pressed to put a moratorium on anything," he said.Ironically, he added, "For a young trans girl, to be able to go to a father-daughter dance can feel very affirming because in this instance she's recognized as a daughter."Schools are allowed to hold father-daughter dances, Fox said, "as long as there's messaging that they're inclusive to everybody." While PS 65 adheres to new gender-neutral guidelines, other schools don't.PS 30, also on Staten Island, has already planned a pricey dance "to celebrate your little girl and the father figure in her life," according to a flyer for the April 14 event. Tickets for couples cost $100.PS 232 Lindenwood, in Queens, had a "Daddy Daughter Dance" on Thursday night, according to a school calendar. PS 83 in The Bronx plans a "Father/Daughter Dance" on June 6, as well as a May 19 "Mother and Son Field Day" and a "Mother/Daughter Spa Night" on April 27."People are uncomfortable with change," Bennett said. "It's a new policy and, let's face facts, there are many schools that ignore it."
Artists impression looking from the northern bank of the Richmond River.
WOULD you like to have your say on the new bridge across the Richmond River at Broadwater?
The community is invited to have a say on the draft urban design and landscape plan (UDLP) for the new bridge, which is part of the Woolgoolga to Ballina Pacific Highway upgrade.
A road and Maritime Services spokesperson said the new bridge will be about 980 metres long and be built one kilometre north of Broadwater.
"The new crossing at Broadwater, and the longest bridge of the upgrade - the 1.5 kilometre long bridge across the Clarence River at Harwood - are two of 170 bridges including 57 twin bridges being built as part of the upgrade,” the spokesperson said.
"Bridges are a key part of the upgrade as they help improve travel reliability by providing wider waterway openings to aid the flow of water away from urban centres and agricultural land during flood events.
"This will mean safer, more reliable trips for the thousands of motorists using the Pacific Highway every day.
"The aim of the draft UDLP is to seek community and stakeholder feedback on the visual, environmental and landscaping aspects of the bridge across the Richmond River. Comments can be provided to the Woolgoolga to Ballina project team until Friday September 1.
"The project team will be available to discuss the draft UDLP at the Evans Head market on Saturday August 26 between 8am and noon.
"Community members can also drop into the Broadwater Community Hall on Wednesday 30 August between 5pm and 8pm to talk to the project team.
"Community members and stakeholders can also check out the draft UDLP at static displays at Richmond Valley Council, Ballina Shire Council, Lismore City Council, Woodburn Post Office, Wardell Post office and the mobile libraries for Richmond Valley and Richmond Tweed as well as Roads and Maritime Services' Pacific Highway office in Grafton.
"Feedback can be provided via boxes at display locations, emailing W2B@pacificcomplete.com.au, by phone on 1800 778 900 or mail to PO Box 546, Grafton NSW 2460.
"The project team will consider all comments before finalising the plan and the community will be kept informed,” the spokesperson said.
For more information on the project or for a detailed list of locations to view and comment on the draft plan visit rms.nsw.gov.au/W2B.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
During the third presidential debate, Donald Trump said Putin has no respect for Hillary Clinton -- she responded by saying Putin would rather have a "puppet" as president of the United States.
A team from Yorkshire is in London helping survivors of the London fire disaster.
Wakefield-based charity Penny Appeal is working with the Faiths Forum for London and the British Red Cross to distribute water, food parcels and blankets to those who have lost everything.
And they have appealed to people in the region to make a cash donation or give clothing, blankets, toiletries and sanitary products or volunteer.
A team was scrambled as soon as news of the tragedy broke and were among the first charities on the scene.
The team already in London is being joined today by another dozen members from Wakefield, Leeds and Bradford. More are en route from the Midlands and Manchester.
More than £1 million has been raised to help those affected as fire tore through the 24-storey building while volunteers and charities helped feed and shelter people who could not return to their homes overnight.
The charity's chief executive Aamer Naeem said they would be doing all they could to help in the coming days and weeks.
He said: “Our thoughts and prayers are with those affected by the Grenfell Tower fire. The community are in need and it is incumbent upon us all to respond as best we can.
“We have a team on the ground, including our Head of Programmes and are coordinating with local partners including the Faiths Forum for London and The British Red Cross.
“We are also coordinating aid with the Sikh communities in Yorkshire and will be disseminating aid over the next few days as appropriate.
“Whilst our courageous emergency services are in their rescue phase, our team, and many others are working to make sure those affected know they are not alone.”
Call 03000 11 11 11 to donate or volunteer.
Penny Appeal shops in Bradford, Manchester and Birmingham are also accepting donations.
HONG KONG - Tony Fernandes' AirAsia Bhd is in talks with a potential partner to open an airline serving Myanmar, in a move that would help the low-cost carrier cover up to 95 per cent of the Southeast Asian travel market.
In an interview with Reuters on Monday, the airline's group chief executive said he also expected AirAsia's Vietnam joint venture to be flying by October.
AirAsia now has businesses in Malaysia - its home - along with India, Indonesia, the Philippines, Japan and Thailand, as well as plans to launch an airline in China.
"Once you've covered Vietnam and Myanmar, you've got all the big (Southeast Asian) populations," Fernandes said. "Vietnam - we're talking about October, we've had great support from the Vietnam government and we have a great partner. My team is very bullish."
A number of companies have also been looking at Myanmar for its policy of slowly opening to foreign investment and its rapid economic growth, although Japan's ANA Holdings Inc last year dropped a plan to form an airline with local partner Golden Sky World, after authorities rejected their application.
"It's not going to be a big airline there, because the airport infrastructure is not there. But it is 50 million people and it will develop over time," said Fernandes, who was in Sydney over the weekend for the meeting of the 10-member Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN).
He added: "We had a good meeting with someone in Sydney - he's got a good airline that we've known for a long time and he is a well-respected guy. We're going through that process." He did not name the potential partner.
The comments come as AirAsia is emerging from a period of turbulence after it was beset by fears it had over-extended itself, triggering an extended fall in its shares. The airline also had to deal with the fatal crash of an Indonesian flight in 2014 that killed 162 people.
More recently, AirAsia has pursued an "asset light" model, forming a joint venture for its Singapore and Malaysian ground-handling operations and this month selling its leasing business in a staged process that will ultimately see 182 planes pass to established leasing portfolio manager BBAM Ltd.
Fernandes was in Hong Kong for the launch of what he has termed a "We're more than an airline" pitch, which he was due to present to analysts and investors at Credit Suisse's Asia Investment Conference.
AirAsia has been moving rapidly to launch additional services for its 80 million-plus customers, from financial offerings, including foreign exchange, to e-commerce and content.
"The biggest asset is our data," Fernandes said.
"While southeast Asian companies like (Indonesian ride-hailing company) Grab have to go out and spend a fortune to build that brand and data, we have 89 million customers travelling with us every year and we have data going back 18 years.
"We're more than an airline - that's the message for 2018. (Like) Amazon is more than a bookseller."
We haven't yet written about the fact that the Left is engaging in the despicable tactic of “demonstrating,” i.e. committing vandalism, at the home of Chris Cox of the National Rifle Association, and harassing his wife's business. This report comes from the Associated Press:
Protesters are targeting the northern Virginia home of the National Rifle Association's top lobbyist and say the protests will continue. In one case, court records show Patricia Hill of Lincoln, Nebraska, has been charged with misdemeanor destruction of property outside the home of NRA lobbyist Chris Cox.
***
Protesters also conducted a confrontational but peaceful protest April 10 outside Cox's home as well as his wife's nearby decorating business. Libby Locke, a lawyer for the Cox family, said the vandalism included spraying fake blood and defacing the home with stickers.
Catherine Koebel of Roanoke, Virginia, and Amanda Gailey, a professor with the University of Nebraska-Lincoln, representing the Great Gun Melt, stood outside Cox's home with a sign reading “Chris Cox profits off dead kids.” They handed out fliers urging a consumer protest of his wife's business.
We have encountered Ms. Gailey before, when she harassed a conservative college student at the University of Nebraska. I noted that she had tweeted, “f*** [our] society…,” “f*** the laws…,” “f*** police officers…” and “f*** the NRA.” The asterisks are mine.
Koebel said Courtney Cox, Chris Cox's wife, grabbed a cellphone from her hand and threw it to the ground, injuring Koebel's hand in the process. She said she is considering pressing charges through a magistrate.
Democracy presumes a certain level of civility and accommodation among citizens. But how can we coexist with people this awful? Probably the only way to stop liberals from engaging in these disgusting tactics is to do the same to them, but I doubt that we can find conservatives who can match the Left for obnoxiousness, even if we want to.
My only other comment is this: it may be the NRA today, but if Leftists think the tactic is working, they will deploy it against conservatives of all stripes. It is important for all conservatives to stand with Chris Cox and anyone else who is subjected to this contemptible form of “protest.”
The late Princess Diana's youngest son, Prince Harry, opened up to The Telegraph about going to therapy decades after losing his mother as a boy. "I can safely say that losing my mum at the age of 12, and therefore shutting down all of my emotions for the last 20 years, has had a quite serious effect on not only my personal life but my work as well," Harry said.
Princess Diana died in a car crash in 1997. In the years that followed, Harry went to war in Afghanistan but by his late 20s, he felt a "fight or flight" sensation during royal engagements and was struggling with anger issues where he felt "on the verge of punching someone."
"[I] started to have a few conversations and actually all of a sudden, all of this grief that I have never processed started to come to the forefront and I was like, there is actually a lot of stuff here that I need to deal with," Harry told The Telegraph's Bryony Gordon, who runs a podcast about her own struggles with obsessive-compulsive disorder called Mad World: Why It's Totally Normal to Feel Weird.
Harry, 32, said he is now in a "good place" after his older brother, Prince William, helped encourage him to get professional help. "I've done that a couple of times, more than a couple of times, but it's great," he said of seeing a therapist. Harry, alongside his brother William and sister-in-law, Kate Middleton, founded a mental health charity called Heads Together in 2016, which helps to fight mental health stigmas.
Harry added: "I have probably been very close to a complete breakdown on numerous occasions, when all sorts of grief and sort of lies and misconceptions and everything are coming to you from every angle ... The experience I have had is that once you start talking about it, you realize that actually you're part of quite a big club." Read his full interview at The Telegraph here. Jeva Lange
© Oli Scarff
"As an act of collective self-defence, RAF Typhoons dropped a single Paveway IV on the position, which successfully removed the threat to our coalition partners," the spokesman said.
A Syrian army officer was killed and seven others were wounded, according to local reports.
Because nothing says "self-defense" like bombing forces of a government whose country is 3600 km away from your home countryThe British military which has inserted itself into Syria illegally and against the wishes of its internationally recognized government bombed and killed the soldiers of said government as reported by The Sunday Times citing a spokesman for the British Defence Ministry.The British Defence Ministry says a British Eurofighter jet dropped a 250 kilogram bomb on Syrian troops when a desert battle erupted near the British-American-rebel base in Al-Tanf in Syria:The phrase "coalition partners" means this was a clash between the Syrian army and the rebels,if indeed there was such a fight as the British claim at all. The SAS is known to be holed up in Al-Tanf in Southern SyriaIn 2017 the Americans repeatedly massacred Syrian soldiers from the air for simply coming within 55 kilometers within Al-Tanf -- this is the extent of the arbitrary zone around it which the US has appropriated for itself -- in someone else's country.What are British soldiers doing on Syrian soil in the first place? Imperialist meddlers out.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
Strasbourg, July 4 - Doing a migrant deal with the Visegrad countries of Hungary, Poland, Czech Republic and Slovakia would be against Italy's interests, European Parliament president Antonio Tajani said Wednesday. Tajani said it was in Rome's interest to "strengthen external borders and not to shut internal ones". The EP chief sid Italy would be "last, not first" if it adopted "nationalistic stances".
Rickie Fowler took a share of the lead into the weekend in the Phoenix Open but he knows from experience the party is just getting started.
Fowler was tied with Bryson DeChambeau, with each shooting his second straight five-under 66 on Friday.
Australian PGA Championship winner Cameron Smith fired a four-under par 67 to follow up his opening round 69.
He is in a tie for 19th to be the best-placed Australian, four shots clear of Aaron Baddeley who has carded rounds of 72 and 68.
Fowler has had a lot of success at TPC Scottsdale without winning.
He finished a shot behind Hunter Mahan in 2010, lost to Hideki Matsuyama on the fourth extra hole in 2016 and tied for fourth last year.
Daniel Berger and former Arizona State player Chez Reavie were a stroke back.
The festive tournament drew a Friday-record crowd of 191,400 fans, bringing the week total to 439,088.
The third-round mark of 204,906 set last year is expected to be shattered on Saturday, and the week record of 655,434 from last year could fall with a day to spare.
Hawaii customers are lousy tippers.
That's the conclusion of a new analysis from TIME magazine, using data from the payment processing company Square.
The analysis found that folks in Hawaii are the worst tippers in the United States, with an average gratuity of 14.8 percent.
The customer tip is 15 percent -- but all but two states exceeded that on average.
Massachusetts (15 percent) was the 49th state for worst tips, while California (15.2 percent) rounded out the bottom three.
Nationally, the average tip was 16.4 percent.
The best tippers are in Idaho, where the average tip is 17.4 percent.
Alaska and West Virginia weren't that far behind.
The date from square included tens of thousands of transactions.
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
DERBY COUNTY HAVE appointed Frank Lampard as their new manager.
The former Chelsea and England midfielder has signed a three-year deal with the Championship club.
The East Midlands outfit lost in the play-off semi-finals to Fulham and have been without a boss since Gary Rowett left to take the Stoke job last week.
The 39-year-old told Derby's website:
“I've always wanted to manage a club with a big tradition and history like Derby County, so this is a huge opportunity. I have spent considerable time discussing the role and the club's objectives with the Chairman and board members.
We want to build on the club's top-six finish in the Championship last season, while at the same time bringing through some of the excellent youth and academy talent we have at Pride Park.
“This is my first job as a manager, but I've worked closely with some of the best coaches in the game and I'm confident in my own abilities and those of the team around me, including the board. I know it won't be easy – managing a football team never is – but I'm really looking forward to the challenge ahead.”
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
93-year-old Fremantle man hit by a car The West Australian
The man is in Royal Perth Hospital in a critical condition.
The NHS has moved to quash rumours that Cheltenham General Hospital's Accident and Emergency department is about to close.
Rumours have been circulating around the town that Cheltenham General's A&E is to close on October 19.
And Liberal Democrat councillor Max Wilkinson has issued a statement demanding clarification about the future of the department.
But an NHS spokesman has said Cheltenham A&E is "100 per cent staying open."
Mr Wilkinson (LD, Park) said: “These worrying rumours will be of huge concern to Cheltenham people and the hospitals trust must set the record straight without delay, because a town of our size deserves a fully functioning hospital.
“I'm also calling on Alex Chalk to clarify the position, particularly after he made so much political capital from the hospital, including personally attacking Cheltenham's former MP Martin Horwood.
“Alex tells us he has a plan for the NHS locally and his party has one nationally, so is the closure or further downgrade of our A&E department part of that?”
What's actually happening?
The NHS says the only changes planned are that all inpatient trauma surgery would be moved from Cheltenham General to Gloucestershire Royal Hospital.
It would mean mean elderly people requiring surgery for broken hips will be treated in Gloucester rather than Cheltenham.
The changes are part of the NHS's 'winter plan' to deal with extra demand for services over the coming months.
An NHS spokesman said the closure of Cheltenham General's A&E is "absolutely 100 per cent not happening."
He said it will continue to be open 365 days a year, adding: "Cheltenham A&E will be opening on the 19th and 20th, Christmas Day and New Year's Day. We're not closing Cheltenham A&E.
"We're doing work so that those people who are in a planned care pathway can be seen more appropriately.
"Absolutely nothing else is changing."
Gloucestershire Live has contacted Mr Chalk for comment.
I really enjoy maker YouTube channels that take you on a journey. It's fascinating and fun to follow someone through a project and to look over their shoulder as they go about being an amateur or professional maker. We get that, in spades, on talented cartoonist and kinetic artist, Sarah Petkus' channel, Gravity Road.
Gravity Road is the name of a webcomic that Sarah does. In the comic, she introduced a 4-legged walker robot named NoodleFeet. Like any self-respecting maker, she decided to try her hand at bringing NoodleFeet to life. We get to go along for that ride as Sarah works her way through all of the significant design and engineering challenges that Noodle presents.
In the comic, Noodle has “tasting feet,” legs with various types of tasting, licking, grabbing, planting, and other functions. Sarah is working to create a whole series of interchangeable leg modules that can perform all of these functions. The channel also includes some art projects she's been involved with and some speed painting of her Gravity Road cartoon. Cool, inspiring stuff all around.
Above finds Sarah and Noodle at Ars Technica 2017. Check out Noodle in the infinity projection matrix at 3:20. Trippy.
You can follow Sarah's blog here.
My poem, “The Trees are Burning at Midnight,” is live at Fourth and Sycamore, the literary journal of the Greenville Public Library, located in Greenville, Ohio. This piece was originally drafted during the August 2016 Tupelo Press 30-30 Challenge. Many thanks to Charlotte Hamrick for sponsoring the poem and offering the title.
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Google
Tumblr
Pinterest
Like this: Like Loading... Related
The whale has been stuck in Newfoundland since last fall, frozen and covered with snow for the winter months
A tiny Newfoundland village is hoping to quickly remove the massive body of a humpback whale that has been stuck there since last fall, fearing the impending odour and mess as warmer weather approaches.
The whale's body was frozen and covered with snow for the winter months in Nameless Cove, but has become an urgent issue for the village.
“The warmer temperatures are coming and you obviously know what's gonna happen next,” Hank Diamond, a member of the local service district committee, said Wednesday.
“You won't be able to live in that community in the summer, probably, if you don't move it.”
Nameless Cove is waiting on a price quote from contractors, and Diamond said the community is hoping for provincial assistance to remove the sizable creature that he estimates to be 25-30 feet.
“It would take a fairly fair sized vessel to move that off the beach even at high tide, you know, and it seems to be settling in the sand more, so it's gonna be harder and harder to get outta there, and it's starting to rot.”
The body is in close proximity to some residences, wharves, and is less than 100 metres from a graveyard.
The beach is also a tourist attraction for its proximity to Flowers Island. The whale's body is currently in the line of vision for anyone hoping to snap a photo of the island's famed lighthouse.
Diamond reached out to Service NL after Fisheries and Oceans Canada (DFO) told Nameless Cove the removal of the whale carcass is the municipality's responsibility.
In an e-mailed statement, Service NL said it is working with the district and ”the whale will have to be moved and disposed of, either by towing it to a more secluded location to decompose or by burial.”
Dead smelly whales are not uncommon an issue for seaside Newfoundlanders: Last June, a dead humpback was lifted by crane in Outer Cove, N.L., and taken to a disposal site.
But small communities like Nameless Cove, armed with tiny boats and a population under 100 people in northern Newfoundland, are faced with a difficult task when whales wash ashore.
Diamond said DFO officials visited the site last fall to assess the beached whale, leading many locals to believe they would return to remove the body in the spring. Then villagers were surprised and upset when DFO told them it fell outside the department's responsibility.
“It's like Russian roulette, whatever community it lands on, it's on you,” Diamond said.
So far, Diamond said the response from Service NL has been encouraging. But the town needs to move fast on the difficult removal, with or without the government's help.
“If they support it or if they don't, it's got to move,” said Diamond. “We'll see to it I guess.”
The Canadian Press
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
A former master warrant officer with the Canadian Armed Forces says she developed PTSD and had to leave the military after having her kidney removed as a result of being wrongly diagnosed with cancer.
She said she was told at the time that the mistake was no one's fault and that “medicine is not an exact science.”
Sharon Marson, who now lives in New Brunswick, attempted to sue the now-retired Ottawa urologist who diagnosed and treated her, and The Ottawa Hospital. Affidavits were filed and both sides were cross-examined in them, but her lawsuit alleging medical negligence was dismissed in the Ontario Superior Court of Justice earlier this year because she waited too long to pursue it.
Marson's surgery was in August 2000. For most lawsuits, the claim must be issued within two years. Marson pursued the lawsuit in 2015.
She said a medical report commissioned by Veterans Affairs Canada concluded in 2014 that “I have been the victim of medical malpractice.” Until then, she said, she was not aware there had been malpractice.
The case began when Marson underwent a routine medical exam in early 2000 as a condition of her service in the armed forces. Tests done after the exam found a “shadow” on her right kidney and she was referred to urologist Dr. Carl Leahy.
He ordered a series of tests. Based on those, he concluded she had cancer in the right kidney and recommended that the kidney and her ureter be surgically removed, to which she agreed.
In August 2000, during a post-op consultation, Leahy told her the mass that had been diagnosed as cancer was, in fact, benign and that she had a kidney infection and scarring, not cancer.
“Following my nephrectomy, I was told that the pathology report, much to Dr. Leahy's surprise, was not cancer. I had been misdiagnosed. I had had a kidney infection and scar tissue, for which I had had not one symptom,” she said in a court document.
According to court documents, Marson stated that after surgery she had been told by the doctor that tests had produced a “false positive result” for cancer and that “tests can be wrong, but this is not the result of any error of the technicians operating the lab equipment or conducting the tests but that this was the nature of the tests that were conducted.”
He added, “Medicine is not an exact science.”
At the time, she said, several people encouraged her to launch a lawsuit, but she declined.
It was only when she was applying for a disability pension, she said, that she read the entire medical file and was struck by an “inconsistency” between what the doctor told her and her husband after the surgery and what the records said.
At the heart of her concern was a cytopathology test conducted prior to surgery, which was negative for cancer. Cytopathology testing examines cells from various sites in the body and is sometimes used for cancer screening. Marson argued that further testing should have been done, in light of that result, before her kidney was removed.
“He never explained to me that he should have conducted further tests and that my condition may have been cured alternatively and he maintained that the kidney and ureter required removal in order to save my life.”
In court testimony, Leahy said all the test results had been disclosed to Marson prior to the surgery. He also said that a negative cytopathology report did not rule out cancer and was not significant to his diagnosis.
Marson, meanwhile, who had been working as a supply technician, said she left the armed forces as a result of the surgery and later suffered from depression and PTSD.
When she underwent a medical exam as part of her release from the military later in 2000, she talked about the misdiagnoses as part of her reason.
“I now know that, at all material times, I have suffered from and continue to suffer from post traumatic stress disorder and severe depression as a result of the treatment.” It was only after receiving treatment for them that she was capable of commencing legal action, she said, which is why she waited more than 15 years after the surgery to commence legal proceedings.
“I was unable to make important decisions at that time due to my depressed state.”
Both Marson and the lawyer representing Leahy declined to comment. The Ottawa Hospital released this statement: “The Court was clear in its decision in this case. The hospital cannot speak on behalf of other parties.”
epayne@postmedia.com
0 Saints punter presents $221,000 check to Minnesota children's hospital
MINNEAPOLIS - New Orleans Saints punter Thomas Morstead returned to Minnesota on Friday, and he was much happier than when he left the state three weeks ago.
>> Read more trending news
Morstead presented a check for $221,000 to Children's Minnesota hospital from his foundation, What You Give Will Grow, the Star Tribune reported.
Morstead and the Saints were shocked on the final play of the Jan. 14 NFC divisional playoff game at U.S. Bank Stadium when Stefon Diggs caught a 61-yard touchdown pass to give the Minnesota Vikings an improbable 29-24 victory.
In the week after the game, scores of Vikings fans donated to Morstead's charity, donating $221,143, the Star Tribune reported.
“This is from 600 Minnesotians; I don't think I said that right,” Morstead said. “This is from Skol Nation.”
Even though the loss was painful, Morstead said he was “blown away” by the generosity of Minnesota residents.
“I keep hearing Minnesota nice. I get it now,” he said. “This is a remarkable thing to see happen.”
A Vikings fan suggested that fans contribute to What You Give Will Grow, the Star Tribune reported, and the online effort soon generated six figures.
The Child Life programs that Morstead's foundation runs reduce stress through play, relaxation and special events and activities, the Star Tribune reported. The programs are not reimbursed by health insurance; hospitals pay the costs through donations, the Star Tribune reported.
Morstead's foundation has given away $2.7 million since it was formed in 2012.
The punter met a fourth-grade class later in the day, and the students collected $64 to help with the donations, the Star Tribune reported.
“They were inspired to give back,” Morstead said. “It's very humbling.”
© 2018 Cox Media Group.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
© Sputnik/ Michael Alaeddin
According to the Russian Defense Ministry, a Mi-28 Russian combat chopper made an emergency landing in the Syrian province of Hama due to malfunction on Friday.The helicopter has been escorting a Mi-8 transport helicopter with the servicemen of the Russian center for Syrian reconciliation on board.The helicopter crew is unharmed and was taken to an airfield."The life and health of the pilots is not in danger. According to the report of the crew and after the inspection of the vehicle, there was no fire impact on the helicopter," the Russian military said.
Owner of Emeryville popcorn shop accused of using racial slur on black customers
Photo: Google Maps Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Image 1 of 3 The exterior of Cornology in Emeryville. The exterior of Cornology in Emeryville. Photo: Google Maps Image 2 of 3 The Cornology store in Emeryville. The Cornology store in Emeryville. Photo: Google Maps Image 3 of 3 A photo taken by a witness, Fay Eastman, shows a worker at an Emeryville popcorn shop who is accused of using a racial slur on black customers. A city official said the man is Mark Stone, the CEO of the business, Cornology, but Stone denied he was involved, instead blaming am “employee.” less A photo taken by a witness, Fay Eastman, shows a worker at an Emeryville popcorn shop who is accused of using a racial slur on black customers. A city official said the man is Mark Stone, the CEO of the ... more Photo: Fay Eastman Owner of Emeryville popcorn shop accused of using racial slur on black customers 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
A gourmet popcorn shop in Emeryville called Cornology is under fire after witnesses said a worker — identified by a city official as the company's founder and CEO — demanded that a group of young, black customers leave the store while repeatedly uttering a racial slur.
The CEO, Mark Stone, said in an interview that he wasn't involved in the incident. He said one of his employees shouted “n—” while chasing a group of roughly 25 juveniles from the store who had taken popcorn, soda and change from a tip jar.
But two witnesses disputed that account, saying the Cornology worker aggressively demanded that roughly 10 black shoppers leave the shop moments after they entered. Fay Eastman, one of witnesses, posted a photo of the worker on Facebook — and the man in the image resembled Stone.
In addition, a city official familiar with the response to the incident said Stone was the lone worker at the business that day and was the one in the altercation with the juveniles. The official asked not to be identified because what happened at Cornology is under investigation.
In his initial interview with The Chronicle, Stone said his “employee” used the racial slur in “the heat of the moment.” Late Tuesday, Stone did not respond to additional requests for comment.
Emeryville police officials confirmed that officers responded to a call at the Emeryville outpost of Cornology on Sunday. No arrests were made.
Eastman and Aisha Weber, who saw the incident unfold in its entirety, said the shop worker said “n—” multiple times. Eastman and Weber said the juveniles were not stealing, but reacted to the behavior of the worker by knocking over items in the store.
“I didn't see those kids running out with bags of popcorn. He just didn't want them in the store,” said Eastman.
The worker declined to provide his name when confronted after the altercation, both women said.
Weber, an Emeryville native, said the shopping center is a normal place for groups of young people to spend their free time. When the group in question entered the Cornology store, Weber said the man behind the counter threw up his arms and told the visitors to leave.
“He said, ‘Get out of here n—s,' and he was throwing his hands in the air,” Weber said. “That came from his heart. That came from him. He didn't want those kids in the store from the beginning.”
The incident gained attention when it was recapped by Eastman in her Facebook post that same day. It garnered more than 4,300 shares and over 700 comments less than 24 hours after appearing online.
As the story spread online, Cornology was flooded with negative reviews on Yelp, its now-deactivated Facebook account and Instagram. The backlash spurred Stone to respond to the growing outrage.
“Regretfully, you can't take back something that was in the heat of the moment. We're very sorry that was the result of what happened,” said Stone. “Unfortunately, some employees were sick over the weekend, so there was only one person in the store. It startled him. He regrets it terribly. It's not who he is or who we are.”
The “person” Stone was referencing, according to the Emeryville official, was himself.
In the days since, Stone said business has continued as normal at the Emeryville Cornology, despite growing outrage.
“We're hoping (for) the community, while maybe not to forgive us, but to have a little more understanding of the situation,” he said.
According to the company's website, Cornology is based in Pleasant Hill and has retail outlets in Emeryville, Walnut Creek and Japan. A new store is coming soon in San Francisco.
Eastman said she spoke with the Cornology worker after the group left the store and told him he should not use that type of language with young people.
“Those types of moments shape their world for the rest of their life,” she said. “I thought I could rationalize it and explain that to him, but nope. He really didn't understand why he shouldn't have said what he said.”
The Cornology incident comes after Starbucks said it would close 8,000 stores on May 29 to facilitate racial bias training among its employees.
The training is a response to the public backlash after two black men — Rashon Nelson and Donte Robinson — were handcuffed and arrested at a Starbucks in Philadelphia after an employee called police because they had not purchased anything in the store. Both men said they were at the coffee shop while waiting for a business associate. Video of the incident has since been viewed millions of times on social media.
Weber said she, along with other witnesses to the incident, believes Cornology's response has been inadequate.
“It needs to be addressed more than it has already,” she said. “Who knows how long this has been going on there?”
Justin Phillips is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: jphillips@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @JustMrPhillips
New Delhi: A change of leadership could soon to be on the cards for the Indian National Congress party. Recently, party president Sonia Gandhi hinted at making Priyanka Gandhi Vadra, the new working president.
On August 8, towards the end of Congress Working Committee (CWC) that discussed the issue of 75th anniversary of the Quit India Movement, Mrs Gandhi quietly broached the subject of the change of guard with some senior leaders, including former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh — wondering aloud if Priyanka Gandhi should be made Working President of the party, reported the DNA.
A final decision on the future of the party is expected to be taken in the next one month or so.
"It wasn't a casual question. She clearly had something on her mind. There is a lot of merit in this move, if it happens," observed a CWC member.
Mrs Gandhi's suggestion has received strong support from senior leadership.
Over the last few years, there has been a strong demand within the party that Priyanka be given a formal role. The Gandhi family has repeatedly sidestepped the issue. On her part, Priyanka has restricted herself, politically that is, to the Gandhi family bastions of Amethi and Rae Barelli.
Sources present in the meeting shared with Zee Media that Sonia told the select few that if the party wants to put up a credible show in the next Lok Sabha elections, a young face would have to assume control and manage the affairs of the party, including strategising with senior leaders.
Party vice-president Rahul Gandhi – who many consider to be the next Congress president– did not attend the meeting since he's suffering from viral fever.
While Rahul's elevation as party president has been the subject of intense speculation in the party folds, many consider Priyanka being the face of the party to the run up to the 2019 general elections could rejuvenate the struggling.
"Whether we want to admit it or not, the truth is that the Gandhi family is the glue that binds this party. Even when a member of the family wasn't at the forefront, like when PV Narasimha Rao was Prime Minister or when Sitaram Kesari was party president, the shadow of the family always loomed large. Despite attempts to malign the name of the family, there is little doubt that the Gandhis have a connect with voters in large parts of the country," observed a senior Congress MP and a former minister.
Since 2014, when Narendra Modi led the BJP to a spectacular victory in the Lok Sabha elections, the Congress has witnessed a steady departure of several prominent state-level leaders.
Many in the party also suggest that the reason for the absence of an effective game-plan to counter the Modi juggernaut is the sharp divide between the thought process of Team Rahul and the Old Guard represented by the likes of Ahmed Patel, Ghulam Nabi Azad and many state satraps.
While some who don't enjoy much support within the party or even among common voters have talked of looking beyond the Nehru-Gandhi family to revive the party, this line of thinking hasn't found any traction within the Congress.
WELLINGTON, New Zealand (AP) — Hundreds of people in the New Zealand city of Christchurch were evacuated from their homes Wednesday as wildfires threatened some suburbs.
At least one home was burned down in the Port Hills.
The mayors of Christchurch City and the adjacent Selwyn District declared a state of emergency. Selwyn Mayor Sam Broughton said changing winds had made the fires unpredictable.
He said the region had been unusually dry for the past three years and that the grass in the hills had turned brown over the Southern Hemisphere summer.
Smoke and ash was being blown across Christchurch, New Zealand's second-largest city. Broughton said displaced residents were staying at evacuation centers or with relatives.
“They need to look after one another, and make sure they have a place to go to tonight,” he said.
Phil Claude told Radio New Zealand he and his family ran down a grass track to escape the fire, which destroyed their home.
“I could see that the smoke and the flames were being blown right up toward our house,” he said. “And I just yelled ‘Get out. Get out!'”
New Zealand's military has been deployed to provide water tankers and engineering equipment as well as firefighters and other personnel.
A helicopter pilot died in a crash Tuesday while fighting the blaze.
The military revealed the pilot, Cpl. David Steven Askin, had won one of the country's top awards for bravery, for his efforts in Afghanistan. A member of the elite Special Air Service, Askin's identity was kept secret at the time he won the Gallantry Star medal in 2014. He was cited for efforts that included helping save guests during the 2011 siege of the luxury Inter-Continental Hotel in Kabul that left at least 20 people dead.
“Corporal Askin was wounded by grenade and rifle fire, yet carried on his mission and rescued guests from the hotel as fire broke out,” the Defence Force said in a statement.
(The Conversation is an independent and nonprofit source of news, analysis and commentary from academic experts.)
Stephanie Shipp, Virginia Tech; Catherine Woteki, Iowa State University; Sallie Keller, Virginia Tech, and Sarah M. Nusser, Iowa State University
(THE CONVERSATION) Every day, city governments collect vast amounts of administrative data – local property tax assessments, 911 emergency response calls, social assistance recipients and more.
These data have huge potential to enhance residents' quality of life and stimulate economic growth. Many local governments have jumped to create so-called “smart cities” that harness these data to enhance livability, workability and sustainability.
But most cities still don't use their own administrative data to inform their decisions. In many cases, they lack the technical capacity and have only limited resources.
Our lab has worked with the city of Arlington, Virginia to strengthen their services, particularly through the demographic planning and fire and police departments. Our work, which we are now expanding across Virginia and Iowa, shows how cities across America can leverage the data they already have to improve residents' lives.
By overlooking their administrate data, local governments are missing out on innovative ways to address their most pressing problems. Data provide a valuable way to describe the nature of the problems, assess the likely impact of potential solutions and predict future outcomes.
For example, in 2015, Arlington demographers wanted to understand the demographic and economic diversity of housing in local neighborhoods. Knowing this could help them better plan school enrollments and adjust future school boundaries.
Housing value information from local property data is an excellent proxy for diversity, as it represents the wealth of the household. Individual local property values provide more timely and detailed information than federal data sets.
We used these data to determine measures of diversity, down to the census block level or even smaller. We calculated diversity by computing the probability that two housing values selected at random from the geographic area differ on home value. The higher the score, the more diverse the home values are in the region.
This information provided city demographers with a new lens to explore available housing opportunities and relate this information back to younger families with children, whose income is often lower than other families. Higher economic diversity is an indicator of more opportunities for all. It also helped them plan for school age enrollments by age.
Government decisions have even more impact when local officials can combine their own data with other easily accessible outside resources, such as social media and state or federal databases. These combined sources can provide a more holistic view of our neighborhoods.
The Arlington fire chief, for example, wanted to improve situational awareness of his fire department operations by using his data on the current placement of equipment and personnel.
We looked at what time incidents were reported and responded to. The patterns for response time in relation to distance from the call appeared similar across stations. However, by plugging the data into a statistical model and controlling for several other variables – including month, hour of day and call type – we found that response times were highest for calls for hazardous materials investigations, highway calls and wires-down incidents.
These estimates helped the fire chief better anticipate when these incidents might occur and decide where to place fire or medic units and when to have more firefighters available.
Today, there are many examples of cities using administrative data to advance the public good. In San Francisco, the Department of Public Health partners with the private sector to inform the public about potential health issues seen in public health data and local data – for example, by adding city restaurant inspection ratings to Yelp restaurant ratings. In Alburquerque, New Mexico, universities and local governments are working together to better understand the size, composition and behavior of those who have been arrested multiple times.
Scaling and sustaining such an approach requires a new and bold agenda. The universities we work at are land grant institutions, meaning that they're part of a class of universities founded to provide the working class with a practical education directly relevant to their daily lives. One of our primary roles is to translate evidence-based research for the public.
We believe that land grant universities like ours should build upon their current roles and bring data in service of the public good. By partnering more closely with local governments, researchers can help communities that are data-driven to govern more intelligently.
This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article here: http://theconversation.com/how-to-put-data-to-work-in-your-neighborhood-85350.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
TIRANA, Albania (AP) - Top European Union official Donald Tusk said Tuesday the road to EU membership for Albania and Macedonia will be tough.
The comments from the European Council president came as he started a weeklong tour of the Western Balkans countries, urging more work in the rule of law and the fight against organized crime and corruption.
The 28 EU member states must agree unanimously for any country to become a member. Accession to the bloc has been a powerful driver of political and democratic reform in post-communist countries.
"The process will resemble more a hurdles race than a motorway. But full integration remains our common destiny," Tusk said at a news conference with his host, Albanian Prime Minister Edi Rama.
Last week, the EU's executive Commission said enough progress has been made for Albania and Macedonia's accession talks to begin.
European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker said Europe's door must remain open, and that he didn't want to see a return to war "in this extremely complicated region."
Nevertheless, French President Emmanuel Macron has ruled out any expansion of the European Union until the bloc is reformed.
EU and Balkans leaders will meet for a summit in Bulgaria on May 17.
Tusk said the summit should find the ways and tools to improve the bloc's ties with the region and among its countries.
"I have no doubt that it's in the best interest of EU and Albania that the entire Western Balkans region is fully integrated into EU," said Tusk.
___
Follow Llazar Semini on Twitter https://twitter.com/lsemini
New Delhi: German champions Bayern Munich on Wednesday broke their transfer record to sign versatile midfielder Corentin Tolisso for 41.5 million euros ($46.75 million), with the 22-year-old France international penning a five year deal.
Tolisso comes from French Ligue 1 club Olympique Lyonnais, which he joined as a teenager. He became the club`s biggest transfer, beating the previous mark of 40 million spent on Javi Martinez in 2012.
The French club said in a statement it was also its own biggest transfer to date and could bring in another 6 million euros based on incentives included the deal with Bayern.
"I had a wonderful time at Olympique for which I am thankful. Now I look forward to playing at one of the best clubs in Europe," the player said in a Bayern statement.
"I have set big goals for myself at Bayern. Today is a big day for us."
Bayern have won the German league a record five consecutive times but have not made it past the semi-finals in the Champions League since last winning the title in 2013.
"We are delighted to have won over this young and highly interesting player despite international competition," Bayern CEO Karl-Heinz Rummenigge said. "Corentin Tolisso was top of the midfield wishlist for our coach Carlo Ancelotti."
DANVILLE, Va. - The first Wednesday of the season for Danville's farmers market drew a crowd Wednesday, despite it being the Fourth of July holiday.
The market was open from 1-6 p.m. Wednesday.
Normally when the market opens on Wednesdays each season, it's only open from 3-6 p.m.
Since Wednesday was a holiday, though, the city decided to extend the hours.
The market is open on Saturdays from May through October, but is also open on Wednesdays in July and August.
Danville resident Nikki Hartline said having the market open on Wednesdays is nice.
"We actually missed this past Saturday and we were pretty bummed we had to wait another week. Then we found it was (open) today and we were pretty excited. So, we're here with our bags today to get (what we need) for the week," Hartline said.
For more information about the farmers market, click here.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
The scene of a serious crash near the Paluma turn-off.
The scene of a serious crash near the Paluma turn-off.
UPDATE 11pm: POLICE are investigating the cause of a fatal single vehicle crash that killed a Gracemere man.
A police report says the man was aged 37 and driving a light truck towing a box trailer north on the Bruce Highway, at Mutarnee, north-west of Townsville, about 5.30pm before the truck lost control and rolled several times.
The driver, the sole occupant of the truck, was pronounced deceased at the scene.
The highway was closed while rescue crews attended but has since reopened.
Investigations are continuing.
UPDATE 8.10PM: A man has died after a truck rollover on the Bruce Highway.
A Queensland Ambulance spokeswoman said the driver man was pronounced deceased at the scene.
A Queensland Fire and Emergency Service spokeswoman said firefighters had to extract the patient from the vehicle.
The spokeswoman said a medical helicopter was also in attendance to help at the scene.
The highway remained closed at 7.50pm.
The Forensic Crash Unit is investigating.
UPDATE 6.45PM: The driver of a truck that rolled on the Bruce Highway north of Townsville remains badly trapped.
A Queensland Fire and Emergency Service spokeswoman said fire and rescue crews were still working to release the man from the vehicle.
A witness who stopped to help said the crash looked very serious.
"I stopped my truck and ran over and went straight into the cab as no one was beside him and I was checking for a pulse," the witness said.
"I checked his wrist then his neck and under his armpit where I got a weak pulse.
"I kept calling his name but he didn't make a sound."
The witness said a rescue helicopter landed at the scene around 6.30pm.
Both lanes of the Bruce Highway are believed to be closed.
The vehicle, believed to be a body truck, was reported to be leaking fuel.
The crash occurred near Ollera Creek off the Bruce Highway, close to the Paluma turn-off.
A Queensland Police spokesman said police were first called to reports of a crash at 5.35pm.
BREAKING: EMERGENCY services are responding to reports of a truck leaking fuel with the unconscious driver trapped inside.
Police, paramedics and fire and rescue teams are rushing to the scene of the truck rollover on the Bruce Highway north of Townsville.
Emergency service crews from both Townsville and Ingham are understood to be responding.
The incident is believed to have occurred near Mutarnee, north of Rollingstone, about 5.40pm.
Its intriguing trailer has already grabbed eyeballs. On Wednesday, Phillauri's lead actress cum producer Anushka Sharma took to Twitter to share a teaser of the film's first song. The Sufi love song titled Dum Dum will be releasing on Thursday.
The actress recited a couple of lines from the song in its teaser. Check out the teaser here:
The first Sufi love song of this year #DumDum from #Phillauri will be out tom. Can't wait for you to see it. @OfficialCSFilms @foxstarhindi pic.twitter.com/8osjeKUCUw — Anushka Sharma (@AnushkaSharma) February 15, 2017
Phillauri is a romantic comedy film starring Anushka Sharma, Diljit Dosanjh, Suraj Sharma and Mehreen Pirzada. This will be popular Punjabi pop star Diljit's second Bollywood movie after Udta Punjab, who plays a folk singer in it.
The film's trailer shows Anushka playing a ghost.
Phillauri has been directed by Anshai Lal and produced by Anushka Sharma and Karnesh Sharma under the banners of Fox Star Studios and Clean Slate Films. It is slated to hit theatres on 24th March.
One of the biggest challenges of mitigating the danger of hurricanes is predicting where a storm will make landfall and estimating how powerful it will be when it hits. Researchers Dr. Toshiro Tanimoto and Annie Valovcin at University of California, Santa Barbara (UCSB) are looking at new methods to monitor the intensity of hurricanes using seismic data.
"Hurricanes have strong winds that cause pressure changes on the surface that generate seismic waves we can clearly see," said Tanimoto, a professor in the UCSB Department of Earth Science. "The EarthScope Transportable Array provided critical data for this project." The Transportable Array, part of EarthScope's USArray, is a set of 400 seismometers that were deployed in swaths across the U.S., each instrument occupying its site for two years before moving to the next swath. Many stations also include other earth science instruments; after 2011, all stations included barometers.
Using both the seismic and barometric capabilities of the instruments, Valovcin and Tanimoto are developing a new way of examining hurricanes. They call it beamforming backprojection, and it involves analyzing seismic waves recorded during a hurricane to locate the amplitude peak in the map, which shows where the seismic waves originated. They then compare the location from the seismic data to weather maps showing the location of the storm, checking if the locations match and if the seismically derived location follows the same path through time as the storm-map location.
For the cases where Valovcin and Tanimoto looked at data from hurricanes over land, seismic instruments detected the pressure change between the calm eye of the storm and the eyewall of the hurricane, where winds change from horizontal to dramatically vertical and there is strong oscillation in pressure.
For example, Hurricane Isaac, which hit Louisiana in 2012 and caused about $2.4 billion in damage, moved right through the Transportable Array. The stations recorded both seismic and barometric pressure, allowing the researchers to work directly with two types of data from the same event. "In Hurricane Isaac, 80 km from center the data showed a circular high-pressure pattern that we can directly see because of the Transportable Array. In hurricane literature, this is discussed, but it was exciting to see it," said Tanimoto.
In the next phase of the research, Tanimoto and Valovcin found when a hurricane is strong enough, it causes seismic waves detectable even when the storm is still out at sea. The method requires a widespread instrument array, since the seismic waves they study have very long wavelengths. Valovcin and Tanimoto used a different instrument array--the very densely spaced Southern California Seismic Network--to measure hurricanes from the East Coast to the middle of the Atlantic Ocean.
While a hurricane is out over the ocean, the data are less detailed than landfall data, showing the general location of the whole low-pressure system. It's the high-tech, landscape-size version of putting your ear on a railroad track to feel the vibrations of a train you can't yet see.
"This could add to what we do know, and in the long run, give us a remote way to monitor storms," said Valovcin. "For example, a barometer has to be in the hurricane to measure air pressure, but in the future, we may be able to detect pressure from a long distance through seismic readings."
Although this research is in early stages yet, it could open the door to a new way of tracking hurricanes. "We are now exploring what we can learn from this. It's a new way of looking at hurricanes. It shows the possibilities, once we understand the physical process," said Tanimoto.
###
POSTER INFORMATION
Valovcin will present her poster at the American Geophysical Union Conference Tuesday, December 12, 8:00am-12:20pm in the New Orleans Ernest N. Morial Convention Center, Poster Hall D-F:
Poster number S21C-0733: Backprojection of tropical cyclones in the Atlantic https:/ / agu. confex. com/ agu/ fm17/ meetingapp. cgi/ Paper/ 263071
CONTACTS
Poster Contacts:
Annie Valovcin, PhD student; University of California, Santa Barbara
Toshiro Tanimoto, Professor; University of California, Santa Barbara
EarthScope National Office contact:
Beth Grassi, Science Writer/Public Information Officer; bagrassi@alaska.edu; EarthScope booth #1929
—Photo Source: Times of India
NEW DELHI: India's main opposition party Congress on Monday appointed Rahul Gandhi, the scion of the country's most fabled political dynasty, as its president, the party announced.
You need to click here to access the baby-naming contest.
You'll be able to vote on as many names as you want - and you can even choose how you want the name to be spelled!
You'll have about 10 days to vote as many times as you want
The top ten names will then be picked, and a second contest will follow.
The second contest will last about another five days and the winner will be announced shortly after.
The funds collected from the naming contest will be used for giraffe conservation efforts, a program called Ava's Little Heroes, and money will also go toward helping Animal Adventure Park.
It finally happened. After 16 months, April the giraffe finally delivered her fourth calf at Animal Adventure Park.April delivered the male calf Saturday morning. The park says both mama and baby are healthy and doing fine.While the calf's weight is currently unknown, zoo officials said they weigh around 150 pounds and are about 6-feet tall at birth.So will April finally disappear from your News Feed? Not so fast!The zoo's giraffe cam would continue to livestream April and her baby until Thursday, April 20.Interested viewers can follow the baby's progress there, as well as through regular text updates. You can sign up for text alerts by clicking here Ever since April the giraffe went viral, zoo officials have said they would hold a social media contest to name the newborn.Ava's Little Heroes, "is an event named after the daughter of the park's owns, who suffers from a rare form of epilepsy. The funds generated for this annual campaign support local families and their children experiencing unexpected medical journeys and expenses," the website said.
"The main reason I joined was to get back on track and finish school," reflected Staff Sgt. Kevin Smith, an Information Technology NCO with the 316th Sustainment Command (Expeditionary), an Army Reserve unit from Coraopolis, Pa."I graduated, and now I'm chasing down my Masters; the Army has given me the job I've always wanted," Smith added as he spoke to why he joined the Army.The 316th ESC is currently deployed to Camp Arifjan, Kuwait in support of the 1st Theater Sustainment Command mission of providing logistics support throughout the CENTCOM area of operations. (U.S. Army photo by Sgt. Christopher Bigelow)
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 12.08.2016 Date Posted: 01.02.2017 06:17 Photo ID: 3082969 VIRIN: 161208-A-PF724-027 Resolution: 2848x4288 Size: 6.64 MB Location: CAMP ARIFJAN, KW Web Views: 0 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Soldier Spotlight [Image 1 of 28], by SGT Christopher Bigelow, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
By The Associated Press
New York 0 0 0 0— 0 Denver 10 3 7 3—23 First Quarter
Den_FG McManus 31, 9:02.
Den_D.Thomas 20 pass from Siemian (McManus kick), 7:16.
Second Quarter
Den_FG McManus 53, :32.
Third Quarter
Den_Janovich 1 run (McManus kick), 6:30.
Fourth Quarter
Den_FG McManus 40, 11:33.
A_75,518.
___
NYJ Den First downs 6 17 Total Net Yards 100 273 Rushes-yards 23-59 35-84 Passing 41 189 Punt Returns 1-(minu 5-62 Kickoff Returns 1-27 0-0 Interceptions Ret. 0-0 1-24 Comp-Att-Int 8-21-1 19-31-0 Sacked-Yards Lost 4-19 2-11 Punts 8-45.6 5-49.4 Fumbles-Lost 1-1 0-0 Penalties-Yards 4-20 3-21 Time of Possession 22:25 37:35
___
INDIVIDUAL STATISTICS
RUSHING_New York, Powell 13-35, Forte 6-13, Petty 1-7, McCown 2-7, McGuire 1-(minus 3). Denver, C.Anderson 22-48, Booker 9-22, Siemian 3-13, Janovich 1-1.
PASSING_New York, McCown 6-12-1-46, Petty 2-9-0-14. Denver, Siemian 19-31-0-200.
RECEIVING_New York, R.Anderson 3-27, Forte 2-21, L.Thomas 1-7, Kearse 1-4, Seferian-Jenkins 1-1. Denver, D.Thomas 8-93, Charles 3-12, Latimer 2-37, C.Anderson 2-25, Booker 2-12, Sanders 1-16, Heuerman 1-5.
MISSED FIELD GOALS_Denver, McManus 29.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Nanaimo rink continues to navigate through the Scotties Tournament of Hearts new format in Penticton
Team B.C. is taking their role as the underdog and embracing it as they continue to navigate through the new playoff format at the Scotties Tournament of Hearts.
Related: Video: Team B.C. Scotties curling fans enjoying the ride in Penticton
“I definitely think we are seen as the underdog because we don't play on the big slam circuit. We don't get a lot of experience playing in events like this just because we are from B.C. It's a long way to travel for any of those,” said Kesa Van Osch. “So yeah, we are probably seen as the underdog, and I definitely feel like the underdog sometimes because we aren't experienced.”
B.C. sealed their trip to the Championship Pool on Wednesday with a win over Newfoundland/Labrador.
Related: Team B.C. advances to Scotties Tournament of Hearts Championship Pool
While Van Osch said the team set the goal of making it to the Championship Pool and haven't thought too far ahead of themselves, she lights up at the thought of being under the bright lights as one of the last two teams standing on Sunday.
“Oh it would be awesome. It is what you dream about as a kid and we would love to get into that playoff round. It would be fantastic,” said Van Osch.
They joined Team Canada, Team Alberta and Ontario, who won a tie-breaker, to make up the four who move on in Pool B. In Pool A was Team Manitoba, the Wild Card team, Nova Scotia and Northern Ontario.
Team B.C. lost both games yesterday in the Championship Pool play. They had a close game against the Wild Card team, losing 6-5. The 7 p.m. draw saw Team Manitoba, skipped by Jennifer Jones, take down B.C. 10-3.
Related: Wild Card team sits atop Championship Pool
With the revamped format for the Scotties this year, that means Ontario will play five games in two days.
“It's going to be a long one, but we are going to be going on some adrenaline, we are just really happy to have made it through,” said Ontario skip Hollie Duncan, who is at her first Scotties.
The revamped format saw 16 teams enter, then paired down to eight for the Championship Pool to determine the final four playoff teams. Round-robin play began on Thursday afternoon and the teams carry over their records from the preliminary pools. Almost like a re-start, kind of.
“With our record, we will probably have to run the table or at least go 3-1. It would be nice if it started over because our record isn't as great as other people's,” said Duncan.
After those Championship Pool games are finished, the top four teams will go into the Page Playoffs which start on Saturday (a tiebreaker, if necessary would be on Saturday morning).
Duncan said, as the skip of the team, it can be tough to play so many games in a short time period.
“I think for me, as the skip, it is because I don't sweep. So physically it is not that tough but it can be mentally and emotionally tiring,” said Duncan.
However, she sees the advantages and disadvantages of this new Scotties format.
“I'm not sure about it yet. … You get to have all the provinces and territories represented this way but if you are out early it sucks to be done your week (on Thursday). We had to prepare like we were playing the whole time and make sure we had enough broom heads, snacks and things like that.”
Team Canada's Michelle Englot said it can help a team gain some steam as they play through the week.
“The format actually works well for building that momentum to the championship round and there will be a lot of great games coming up,” said Englot.
The Page 3-4 playoff is on Saturday at 2 p.m. and the Page 1-2 playoff is at 7 p.m. The semifinal in on Sunday at 9 a.m. and the old medal game will take at 4 p.m. The bronze-medal game has been removed from the new format.
You can purchase tickets for the remainder of the games at the South Okanagan Events Centre box office, online at curling.ca/tickets or by phone at 1-877-763-2849.
kristi.patton@pentictonwesternnews.com
By The Associated Press
Arizona 0 0 1—1 Chicago 0 0 3—3
First Period_None.
Second Period_None.
Third Period_1, Chicago, Wingels 4 (Oesterle, Hayden), 7:36. 2, Arizona, Duclair 7 (Goligoski, Chychrun), 14:02. 3, Chicago, Anisimov 13 (Seabrook, Kane), 15:13. 4, Chicago, Schmaltz 5 (Kane), 16:58.
Shots on Goal_Arizona 9-10-13_32. Chicago 13-7-17_37.
Power-play opportunities_Arizona 0 of 1; Chicago 0 of 2.
Goalies_Arizona, Wedgewood 3-5-3 (37 shots-34 saves). Chicago, Crawford 12-7-2 (32-31).
T_2:25.
Referees_Ghislain Hebert, Chris Lee. Linesmen_Steve Barton, Derek Nansen.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
RICHMOND, Va – Pedal Through Petals is a family friendly fundraiser that will benefit the VCU Massey Cancer Center. Emily Bashton, Co-Founder & Ride Leader was joined by Amy Williams, Founder of Amy's Army of Cancer Warriors to share the details about this event where you can take a spin on your bike and enjoy a leisurely, flat 6 mile Bike Rides through Downtown Richmond and Church Hill. Pedal Through Petals takes place Sunday, May 7th. Registration begins at 8am and the ride begins at 9:30am. For more information please visit http://www.amysarmyrva.com
Fewer people may be spending cash or celebrating for the 4th of July.
The National Retail Federation says more than 216-million Americans plan to observe Independence Day.
That's slightly down from last year's 219-million.
At least 153-million Americans are planning a picnic or cookout with friends and family.
Spending on the 4th of July will total nearly seven-billion-dollars on the food for festivities.
That comes out to more than $75 per person.
Fortunately, the 30th Annual Fourth on Flagler is free!!
The post How Much Money Will You Spend on July 4th? appeared first on 850 WFTL.
The last stage of the Canadian Culinary Championships are underway
The last stage and most anticipated event of the Canadian Culinary Championships are underway in Kelowna.
The grand finale is a competition where anything goes. The 11 competing chefs, from around the country, create their best dish, paired with either Canadian wine, beer or spirt, for the almost 600 guests to sample.
RELATED: Students excited to be part of Culinary Championships in Kelowna
Some of the dishes being prepared include smoked pork consommé by chef Barry Mooney of Nova Scotia, rotisserie chicken tuile by David Vinoya of Regina, and braised beef cheek and smoke tongue by chef Nick Jewczyk of St. John's.
RELATED: 11 of Canada's top chefs land in Kelowna
The winner and champion chef of 2018 will be announced later Saturday evening.
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
A 19-year-old North Side youth is now facing an attempted murder charge after a violent machete attack over the weekend.
Randon Davis appeared in court today and will reappear in Grand Court next week to answer the charge as well as a grievous bodily harm charge which was laid following an altercation with another man on 11th August.
According to police Mr. Davis was involved in the dispute with the man, at Watlers Road in George Town around 11 am last Friday. During that dispute the man received serious injuries and was admitted into the intensive care unit at the Cayman Islands Hospital with lacerations to the head and back.
The victim is still at the hospital but is said to be in stable condition.
Police and emergency personnel arrived at he scene but by that time Mr. Davis already fled the scene. After speaking to police he decided to turn himself in.
Mr. Davis's Grand Court date has been set for 25th August.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
© Unknown
"They are a ruse. Their only intention is to disenfranchise voters. This is how the appalling failure to use the right words and stand up to hate in the aftermath of Charlottesville is made in the form of policy; they are two edges of the same sword."
Senate sleazebag Chuck Schumer (D-NY) has declared restricting voting to only Americans as an exercise in racism. Everything that protects America from conquest, such as immigration laws, vetting of refugees and voter IDs is racist to corrupt Chuck.Obviously feeling a threat to the Democrats' system of voter fraud that is the foundation of every election they win, the Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer declared that Democrats will attempt to use a "must-pass" bill to dissolve President Donald Trump's voter fraud commission if he doesn't end it 'voluntarily."Why are you so opposed to only citizens voting or exposing fraudulent voter rolls, Chuck?States have gone out of their way to offer free IDs to residents to avoid any perception of discrimination and made them exceedingly easy to get. That's not good enough.Are there not white people voting illegally too Chuck or do you know who they are because you're orchestrating it and they're all non-whites?Schumer wrote, "If the president wants to truly show that he rejects the discrimination agenda of the white supremacist movement, he will rescind the executive order that created this commission." He followed that disgusting display up with some equally disgusting Thursday tweets.Schumer wrote, "On where we go after #Charlottesville: It's time to end the assault on voting rights. My latest on @Medium." He also tweeted, "And if @POTUS won't disband the Election Integrity Commission, @SenateDems will try to do it on a must-pass bill in September."Schumer plans to push back hard against the effort to clean up the fraud Democrats are benefitting from, calling for public hearings on voting rights in September when Congress is back in session. If Republicans are smart they'll turn it into a hearing on voter fraud and expose Schumer and his criminal Democrat cronies.The most dishonest of politicians since Obama, a noteworthy distinction, Schumer described the commission, saying of the commissions limited actions to date:Yes, Schumer did just call both President Trump and his policies racist. Why even bother speaking to this ass. Change the Senate rules to a simple majority for passage and get a good 18 months of legislative activity in before the midterms. Those successes will breed more votes and success at the polls.Trash like Schumer are obstructionists strictly intent on defeating President Trump and conservatives in service to the globalist agenda. He's not interested in America or Americans and he loathes our Constitution.
SUBARU'S Outback first appeared in 1996, long before most of us knew what the SUV acronym meant. It has stayed competitive for 22 years and five generations.
The current model, launched in 2015, has just been updated with higher safety and infotainment specification, a new dash, tweaks to the volume selling combination of 2.5-litre petrol engine and continuously variable transmission to improve efficiency and refinement, plus a fiddle with suspension tuning to enhance ride comfort.
There is no longer a manual option; the Outback range is exclusively CVT.
VALUE
The Outback 2.5i petrol is $36,250 and the turbo diesel 2.0D is $38,740. The Premium 2.5i, which we're testing here, is $42,640; Premium 2.0D is $45,640.
Subaru's 3.6-litre "boxer" engine is fitted to the 3.6R, priced at $49,140.
The Outback still represents a lot of SUVs for relatively modest money but the Premium model now has a bunch of keenly priced competitors on its tail, so it's no longer the standout family freighter it once was.
Our Car of the Year, the Skoda Kodiaq, and Mazda's CX-9 are direct rivals on price and size, with the bonus of a couple of fold-up kid seats in the boot, as do Hyundai's Santa Fe and the Kia Sorento. Holden is also having a tilt with its new Calais V6 Tourer, a jacked-up ZB Commodore wagon with class leading performance from its 235kW 3.6-litre V6, nine-speed auto and all-wheel drive, at a pretty sharp $45,990.
2018 Subaru Outback: A lot of SUVs for relatively modest money.
Peugeot's new 5008 seven-seater is in the mix, too, starting at $42,990.
So the Outback Premium update is timely.
Subaru's new infotainment features a larger head unit with an eight-inch touchscreen that's also mounted higher on the dash, so it's easier to reach and to read. Big, responsive icons get you around the various menus.
Timely update: Larger infotainment head unit, smartphone mirroring and voice control.
Apple CarPlay/Android Auto connectivity is included, as is Tom Tom navigation and voice control that works - most of the time - across all infotainment functions and will read text messages.
The dash itself has a richer look, with more high gloss black plastic, stitching around the instrument panel and a new, sportyish, leather-wrapped steering wheel. Fit and finish are outstanding.
Premium spec adds power adjustable, heated, leather-wrapped front seats, sunroof, heated, folding side mirrors and power tailgate.
COMFORT
You sit on rather than in Premium's generously padded, super-sized driver's seat, so while it's comfortable enough, upper body support is minimal. Being perched so high relative to the dash creates the impression that the Outback is bigger than it really is.
The flat rear bench, also elevated, has ample legroom and is well suited for kids, although the centre belt spools out of the roof. Two USB charge ports have been added for 2018; vents are also fitted.
Outback cabin: Comfortable and gives impression of space.
A relatively small boot is easily extended to a longer, flat floor; power operation, a couple of bag hooks and integrated load cover are useful.
This time, the suspension seems to have been softened, and Outback's ride is supple and quiet on all surfaces, assisted by big, baggy Bridgestone Dueler tyres.
SAFETY
The Premium's safety specification was already formidable thanks to the twin camera-based EyeSight set-up with adaptive cruise control and autonomous emergency braking plus radar-based Vision Assist with blind spot monitoring and rear cross traffic alert.
It is further strengthened with higher resolution front cameras, faster image processing, LED headlights that turn in response to steering inputs and have automatic beam and brightness adjustment, front and side view cameras and lane keeping.
Nothing else at the price matches the Premium's level of driver assist safety tech.
DRIVING
Subaru claims to have sharpened up the CVT's responsiveness and, if you use the paddles, you now have seven pre-sets rather than six. The drivetrain is smooth and quiet, performance is adequate, yet the 2.5 now feels rather weak and sluggish compared to most of its rivals, even in Sport mode.
On the highway, expect 7-8L/100km; in town, assisted by auto stop-start (which kicks in with a clunk), you'll do 9-12L/100km on regular unleaded.
In handling, the Outback also has come back to the pack - more correctly, the pack has caught up. The suspension now feels underdamped, so on bumpy surfaces it can get a little twitchy and the body isn't tightly tied down.
Outback: Ground clearance, full-size spare and X-Mode tech enhance off-road ability.
Lifeless steering and brakes that lack power also mean the Subaru is no longer a class-leading drive.
Subaru's X-Mode - a simulated low-range - plus a useful 213mm of ground clearance and full-size spare give the Outback greater off-bitumen adventuring potential than most SUVs.
HEART SAYS
My family's protection is top priority so I want the safest wagon I can find at a reasonable price.
HEAD SAYS
Hits the sweet spot for size and price, Subaru is a blue-chip Japanese brand with strong resale values, and I want something that can tackle a dirt track with confidence.
ALTERNATIVES
HOLDEN CALAIS TOURER FROM $45,999
Haven't driven this but in the RS wagon the same 3.6-litre V6, nine-speed auto and all-wheel drive set-up is a beauty and it should handle. Lots of safety tech and fruit, including leather. Boot volume is 560L.
SKODA KODIAQ FROM $42,990
Superior to the Outback in performance, fuel economy and dynamics and has seven seats. You have to spend another $4900 for equivalent luxe and safety specification. Boot is 630L.
VERDICT
3 stars
More safety for your dollar than anything else in the class and, for many parents, that will be enough. In several other respects, notably performance, dynamics and practicality, newer players have overtaken the Outback.
No title, From: Supplied
SUBARU OUTBACK 2.5i PREMIUM
PRICE $42,640 (reasonable)
SERVICING/WARRANTY 3 years w'ty (short); $2281 for 3 years (expensive)
ENGINE 2.5-litre 4-cyl, 129kW/235Nm (below average)
SAFETY 5 stars, 6 airbags, AEB, adaptive cruise, blind spot monitoring, rear cross traffic alert (best in class)
THIRST 7.3L/100km (average)
SPARE Full-size alloy (Big tick!)
BOOT 512L (small)
Several outlets on Wednesday published video of the scene of a shooting that occurred during a Republican congressional baseball team practice in Alexandria, Virginia.
The gunman, who President Trump said died of his injuries, shot five people, including House Majority Whip Steve Scalise (R-LA). At 2:29 p.m. ET, the Washington, D.C. hospital where Scalise was taken for his injuries, said he “was critically injured and remains in critical condition.”
Watch video of the incident below, credited to witness Noah Nathan, via the New York Post. (Warning: The video is graphic and may be disturbing to some.)
This post has been updated.
The Gulfport Lady Admirals and the St. Martin Lady Jackets punched their ticket to the Elite 8 in the girls Class 6A State basketball tournament. West Harrison, Pass Christian and Moss Point all lost playoff games Friday night.
VANCOUVER - A woman who says her ex-husband harassed her online for years told a B.C. Supreme Court jury that she was willing to try anything to get him to stop.
Patrick Fox faces two charges, including criminal harassment, over online communications and publications regarding his ex-wife Desiree Capuano.
She told the court in Vancouver that one of the ways she addressed the harassment was by "giving it back" with insults or sarcasm in her replies to Fox's emails.
A number of emails from Capuano were read in court, including some where she calls Fox an "impotent child," insults his intelligence and says Fox's actions portray him as a "stalker ex-boyfriend."
Capuano said the emails from Fox were like a daily beating and at some point, she felt like she could no longer take it.
Fox is also accused of possession of firearms in a place where he was not authorized to do so.
MARTINSVILLE, Va. - A panel discussion was held Monday night in Martinsville to discuss opioids.
This comes the same day President Donald Trump outlined his opioid initiative.
The initiative focuses on reducing the number of opioid prescriptions filled across the country.
The five-member panel at the discussion in Martinsville included the city's deputy police chief, the West Piedmont Health District's epidemiologist and representatives from multiple community organizations.
People had the opportunity to ask questions about opioids and opioid abuse.
In January 2017, the Martinsville-Henry County area was ranked number one in the state for opioid and heroin overdoses.
"The more people are educated about this, the more they are aware and less likely to fall into the pitfalls of it or even have accidents occur," Martinsville Deputy Police Chief Maj. Robert Fincher said.
Fincher is also a member of the Police Executive Research Forum, which is made up of chiefs and deputy chiefs from across the country.
In 2017, the organization published a 92-page overview of the challenges the national opioid epidemic poses for members of law enforcement.
"In PERF's 40-year history, we have taken on many difficult, sensitive issues...But never has PERF worked on an issue more vexing and painful than the opioids crisis that the United States is now facing," PERF Executive Director Chuck Wexler said in the publication.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
Today in History
Today is Tuesday, Aug. 15, the 227th day of 2017. There are 138 days left in the year.
Today's Highlight in History:
On August 15, 1947, India became independent after some 200 years of British rule.
On this date:
In 1057, Macbeth, King of Scots, was killed in battle by Malcolm, the eldest son of King Duncan, whom Macbeth had slain.
In 1483, the Sistine Chapel was consecrated by Pope Sixtus IV.
In 1812, the Battle of Fort Dearborn took place as Potawatomi warriors attacked a U.S. military garrison of about 100 people. (Most of the garrison was killed, while those who remained were taken prisoner.)
In 1914, the Panama Canal officially opened as the SS Ancon crossed the just-completed waterway between the Pacific and Atlantic oceans.
In 1935, humorist Will Rogers and aviator Wiley Post were killed when their airplane crashed near Point Barrow in the Alaska Territory.
In 1939, the MGM musical “The Wizard of Oz” opened at the Grauman's Chinese Theater in Hollywood.
In 1945, in a pre-recorded radio address, Japan's Emperor Hirohito announced that his country had accepted terms of surrender for ending World War II.
In 1965, the Beatles played to a crowd of more than 55,000 at New York's Shea Stadium.
In 1967, a 50-foot-tall sculpture by Pablo Picasso was dedicated in Daley Plaza in Chicago by Mayor Richard J. Daley.
In 1969, the Woodstock Music and Art Fair opened in upstate New York.
In 1974, a gunman attempted to shoot South Korean President Park Chung-hee during a speech; although Park was unhurt, his wife, Yuk Young-soo, was struck and killed, along with a teenage girl. (The gunman was later executed.)
In 1989, F.W. de Klerk was sworn in as acting president of South Africa, one day after P.W. Botha resigned as the result of a power struggle within the National Party.
Ten years ago: Former NBA referee Tim Donaghy (DAH'-nuh-hee) pleaded guilty to felony charges for taking cash payoffs from gamblers and betting on games he'd officiated in a scandal that rocked the league. (Donaghy, sentenced to 15 months in federal prison, was released in November 2009.) A magnitude-8 earthquake in Peru's southern desert killed 596 people.
Five years ago: Felix Hernandez pitched the Seattle Mariners' first perfect game and the 23rd in baseball history, overpowering the Tampa Bay Rays 1-0; it was the third perfect game and sixth no-hitter of the season. The United States soccer team broke a 75-year winless streak at Mexico's intimidating Azteca Stadium with an 80th minute goal and a series of saves that delivered a 1-0 victory.
One year ago: Republican Donald Trump called for “extreme” ideological vetting of immigrants seeking admission to the United States, vowing during a speech in Youngstown, Ohio, to significantly overhaul the country's screening process and block those who sympathized with extremist groups or didn't embrace American values. President Barack Obama, in Chilmark, Massachusetts, urged Democrats to campaign aggressively for the next 80 days to elect Hillary Clinton, saying “if we do not do our jobs, then it's still possible for her to lose.”
Today's Birthdays: Actress Rose Marie is 94. Actress Abby Dalton is 85. Actress Lori Nelson is 84. Civil rights activist Vernon Jordan is 82. Actor Jim Dale is 82. Actress Pat Priest is 81. Supreme Court Justice Stephen Breyer is 79. U.S. Rep. Maxine Waters, D-Calif., is 79. Musician Pete York (Spencer Davis Group) is 75. Author-journalist Linda Ellerbee is 73. Songwriter Jimmy Webb is 71. Rock singer-musician Tom Johnston (The Doobie Brothers) is 69. Actress Phyllis Smith is 68. Britain's Princess Anne is 67. Actress Tess Harper is 67. Actor Larry Mathews is 62. Actor Zeljko Ivanek (ZEHL'-koh eh-VON'-ehk) is 60. Actor-comedian Rondell Sheridan is 59. Rock singer-musician Matt Johnson (The The) is 56. Movie director Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu (ihn-YAH'-ee-tu) is 54. Philanthropist Melinda Gates is 53. Country singer Angela Rae (Wild Horses) is 51. Actor Peter Hermann is 50. Actress Debra Messing is 49. Actor Anthony Anderson is 47. Actor Ben Affleck is 45. Singer Mikey Graham (Boyzone) is 45. Actress Natasha Henstridge is 43. Actress Nicole Paggi is 40. Christian rock musician Tim Foreman (Switchfoot) is 39. Actress Emily Kinney is 33. Figure skater Jennifer Kirk is 33. Latin pop singer Belinda (cq) is 28. Rock singer Joe Jonas (The Jonas Brothers) is 28. Actor-singer Carlos PenaVega is 28. Actress Jennifer Lawrence is 27. Rap DJ Smoove da General (Cali Swag District) is 27.
Thought for Today: “To feel that one has a place in life solves half the problem of contentment.” — George Edward Woodberry, American poet, critic and educator (1855-1930).
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
You might want to urgently check your change, because your 50p coin could be worth over £200 as collectors are willing to pay more than face value for some rare designs.
There are 54 different 50p coins in circulation, with the rarest design of them all (the Kew Gardens design) currently worth up to £230 on auction websites, The Mirror reports. Coin expert website ChangeChecker have classified seven 50p coins in circulation as "scarce", with 47 other designs classified as potentially valuable.
The Mirror spoke to Coin News director Phillip Mussell about what coins you should look out for.
Download the Cambridge News app We've launched our very own app for Android and Apple devices which can be tailored to deliver the news and sport that you're interested in. To download the IOS app click here.
To download the Android app click here. Find out more about the app here.
How often do coins in circulation become 'valuable'?
"There are a few different ways this happens", explains Philip Mussell, the director of Coin News.
"One is when a mistake is made by the Royal Mint, like a 20p without a date, for example, or a 1983 2p coin accidentally printed with the old wording 'New Pence'. Mistakes are eminently collectable.
"Other collectibles are redesigns or limited edition releases. For example, an Olympic 50p with a swimmer was recently re-released.
"The first minting had a swimmer with waves obscuring her face but the designer didn't want that, so they unobscured her face and made it clear of wavy lines. That's now quite collectable," Mussell added.
1. Kew Garden 50p
The Kew Gardens 50p tops CoinChecker's scarcity index list.
It's stamped with the Kew Gardens Pagoda and with just 210,000 minted compared to a standard minting of around five million, it's classed as very rare. That means they can sell for anything above £30 if you can find a collector.
How much it's worth: On eBay, we've tracked down coins selling for as much as £230.
2. Football Olympic 50p
"The Olympic Sports 50p series was a revelation in coin collecting – for many it represents the start of their interest in UK circulation coins and thousands rose to the challenge of finding them all from their change," explained ChangeChecker.
There are 29 Olympic coins, but the football edition is classed as the rarest (although still over 1 million were struck).
Designed by journalist Neil Wolfson, the coin was created to encapsulate football in a simple image. As the offside rule is a perennial talking point, the image is designed to provoke discussion, which was what Wolfson was aiming for.
How much it's worth: We've seen these coins sell for around £26.
3. Triathlon Olympic 50p
In 2012, the Royal Mint released 29 commemorative 50p coins representing the sports of the Olympic and Paralympic Games. The Football 50p is not the only valuable one in this set - in fact there are five that collectors are after.
The Triathlon coin by Sarah Harvey shows a runner, cyclist and swimmer. Royal Mint figures show there are 2,179,000 in circulation.
How much it's worth: We've seen these sell at a top price of £26.
4. Judo Olympic 50p
Another most sought after coin is the Judo 50p which also launched to celebrate the London Olympics. There are 1,161,500 in circulation right now.
How much it's worth: On eBay, this coin has been known to fetch around £20.
5. Wrestling Olympic 50p
Roderick Enriquez, a graphic designer from London, chose to design the wrestling 50p coin because it's such a well respected, historical sport, and of course, played a significant part in the Olympic and Paralympic Games. There are an estimated 1,129,500 in circulation at present.
How much it's worth: This coin has previously sold online for approximately £19.
Peter Rabbit and friends 50p coins
In March 2016, Peter Rabbit themed coins started circulating in the Lake District and a few other British locations related to the works of Beatrix Potter. Shortly after, they started appearing on online marketplace eBay for far more than 50p.
In 2017, the Royal Mint released a further four Peter Rabbit coins - however available to buy exclusively online only. This will be followed by four more to mark the late author's anniversary, later this year. All are available in silver, and colour.
The 2016 Beatrix Potter 50p coins rank highly in the scarcity list, with Jemima Puddle-Duck and Squirrel Nutkin coming in at numbers 6 and 7 – based largely on the fact that not many people own them and they are in very high demand.
How much they're worth: This 2016 Peter Rabbit coin sold for £5,000 in February making it the most valuable of them all - in another eBay listing, it sold for £2,500. In colour, the same coin is being traded for upwards of £860.
Jemima Puddle-duck meanwhile is selling for around £500 while the full set in colour is going for £1,220.
The Euro 50p
This 1992 50p piece featuring 12 stars and representing the EC Single Market has been known to sell for around £50-£55 online.
These are the old-fashioned chunky 50 pences so you are unlikely to turn one up in your change, but it could be worth checking any long-term penny jars for.
How much it's worth: This coin has been known to sell for around £90 online.
WWF 50p
This commemorative coin is selling for more than £10, even if it has been in circulation a while and is no longer in mint condition.
Be careful when buying as some of these standard coins are being advertised at massively inflated prices. However, a few of the rarer editions are selling for hundreds of pounds – so look carefully when comparing.
How much it's worth: This adorable coin is currently exchanging hands for around £40 online.
Olympic Swimmer Aquatics 50p
The original Olympic aquatic coin with the wavy lines across the swimmer's face has become very collectible as only 600 were released before the design was changed.
Just 600 is a tiny, tiny amount in the world of coin collecting and so these coins are changing hands for upwards of £800.
How much it's worth: We've found one that sold for an eye watering £4,999 on eBay on 23 April.
Battle of Hastings 50p
The Battle of Hastings 50p coin is one of the most sought after in circulation, but it's not technically rare. It was created to remember the day when King Harold II was defeated by William the Conqueror, leading to the collapse of the English army.
The coin, which commemorates the 1066 battle, was printed by the Royal Mint in 2016 when it first entered circulation.
How much it's worth: There are around 6.7 million of them about - and have been known to sell for as much as £7,300.
In the murk of post-truth public debate, facts can polarise. Scientific evidence triggers reaction and spin that ends up entrenching the attitudes of opposing political tribes.
Recent research suggests this phenomenon is actually stronger among the more educated, through what psychologists call 'motived reasoning': where data is rejected or twisted - consciously or otherwise - to prop up a particular worldview.
However, a new study in the journal Nature Human Behaviour finds that one type of fact can bridge the chasm between conservative and liberal, and pull people's opinions closer to the truth on one of the most polarising issues in US politics: climate change.
Previous research has broadly found US conservatives to be most sceptical of climate change. Yet by presenting a fact in the form of a consensus - "97% of climate scientists have concluded that human-caused global warming is happening" - researchers have now discovered that conservatives shift their perceptions significantly towards the scientific 'norm'.
In an experiment involving over 6,000 US citizens, psychologists found that introducing people to this consensus fact reduced polarisation between higher educated liberals and conservatives by roughly 50%, and increased conservative belief in a scientific accord on climate change by 20 percentage points.
Moreover, the latest research confirms the prior finding that climate change scepticism is indeed more deeply rooted among highly educated conservatives. Yet exposure to the simple fact of a scientific consensus neutralises the "negative interaction" between higher education and conservatism that strongly embeds these beliefs.
"The vast majority of people want to conform to societal standards, it's innate in us as a highly social species," says Dr Sander van der Linden, study lead author from the University of Cambridge's Department of Psychology.
"People often misperceive social norms, and seek to adjust once they are exposed to evidence of a group consensus," he says, pointing to the example that college students always think their friends drink more than they actually do.
"Our findings suggest that presenting people with a social fact, a consensus of opinion among experts, rather than challenging them with blunt scientific data, encourages a shift towards mainstream scientific belief - particularly among conservatives."
For van der Linden and his co-authors Drs Anthony Leiserowitz and Edward Maibach from Yale and George Mason universities in the US, social facts such as demonstrating a consensus can act as a "gateway belief": allowing a gradual recalibration of private attitudes.
"Information that directly threatens people's worldview can cause them to react negatively and become further entrenched in their beliefs. This 'backfire effect' appears to be particularly strong among highly educated US conservatives when it comes to contested issues such as manmade climate change," says van der Linden.
"It is more acceptable for people to change their perceptions of what is normative in science and society. Previous research has shown that people will then adjust their core beliefs over time to match. This is a less threatening way to change attitudes, avoiding the 'backfire effect' that can occur when someone's worldview is directly challenged."
For the study, researchers conducted online surveys of 6,301 US citizens that adhered to nationally representative quotas of gender, age, education, ethnicity, region and political ideology.
The nature of the study was hidden by claims of testing random media messages, with the climate change perception tests sandwiched between questions on consumer technology and popular culture messaging.
Half the sample were randomly assigned to receive the 'treatment' of exposure to the fact of scientific consensus, while the other half, the control group, did not.
Researchers found that attitudes towards scientific belief on climate change among self-declared conservatives were, on average, 35 percentage points lower (64%) than the actual scientific consensus of 97%. Among liberals it was 20 percentage points lower.
They also found a small additional negative effect: when someone is highly educated and conservative they judge scientific agreement to be even lower.
However, once the treatment group were exposed to the 'social fact' of overwhelming scientific agreement, higher-educated conservatives shifted their perception of the scientific norm by 20 percentage points to 83% - almost in line with post-treatment liberals.
The added negative effect of conservatism plus high education was completely neutralised through exposure to the truth on scientific agreement around manmade climate change.
"Scientists as a group are still viewed as trustworthy and non-partisan across the political spectrum in the US, despite frequent attempts to discredit their work through 'fake news' denunciations and underhand lobbying techniques deployed by some on the right," says van der Linden.
"Our study suggests that even in our so-called post-truth environment, hope is not lost for the fact. By presenting scientific facts in a socialised form, such as highlighting consensus, we can still shift opinion across political divides on some of the most pressing issues of our time."
###
When Justin Bieber canceled the remainder of his Purpose world tour, fans were understandably pretty bummed. But it looks as though the singer is going the extra mile to make it up to them.
Biebs announced Monday that he's dropping new music this week, which is a totally unexpected surprise. He revealed cover artwork for a song called "Friends," which shows two gray birds tearing apart a smiling worm. Pretty morose if you ask us, but we're thinking that's the idea.
https://www.instagram.com/p/BXxwG6cjhLM/ New music. Thursday noon A post shared by Justin Bieber (@justinbieber) on Aug 14, 2017 at 7:21am PDT
"Friends" will come out Thursday at noon, and it'll be a collab between Bieber and producer Bloodpop, whom you might remember from the Purpose track "Sorry." That's enough to get us excited, but Bieber wasn't done dropping hints.
On Sunday (one day before his "Friends" Instagram reveal), he tweeted out "Can we still be friends," which could be a subtle tease to the song.
https://twitter.com/justinbieber/status/896857687081721856 Can we still be friends — Justin Bieber (@justinbieber) August 13, 2017
RELATED: Here's Justin Bieber Modeling a Hanes T-Shirt He Helped Design
Between the reunion of the singer with Bloodpop and the unexpected album artwork, "Friends" already seems like it's made to be a hit. We just hope that with so much happening in his real life, Biebs feels more like the bird and not the worm.
× U.S. Marshals Resolve Missing Inmate Cold Case
SCRANTON — The U.S. Marshals Office in Scranton has closed the book on one of its longest-running manhunts.
This week, authorities finally learned the whereabouts of a man who was an inmate at the state prison in Dallas and fled while he helped clean up local communities in the wake Hurricane Agnes.
William Van Scoten was a known safe cracker who escaped from a prison in New Jersey in the 1960s. He was doing time at the state prison in Dallas in 1972 when he had another opportunity to flee.
That opportunity came in the form of Hurricane Agnes and the flooding it brought to Wilkes-Barre.
The state Corrections Department sent a group of inmates from the state prison in Dallas to help in the cleanup and that group including William Van Scoten, who was serving a 10-year sentence for burglary and larceny.
“One of the duties they assigned him to, when they put him on release to help the community, was cooking at a fire hall in the Kingston area. He took off,” said U.S. Marshal Martin Pane.
For decades no one could find him.
The state police handed the case to the U.S. Marshal's Service cold case unit in 1998.
Law enforcement received tips from 12 states. It turns out Van Scoten was in Canada where he got a job, got married, had a son, and lived under the name David Hudson.
U.S. Marshal Martin Pane says Van Scoten told his son David Hudson Jr. the truth about his past days before the fugitive died in Canada in 2003.
Pane says the son waited for 14 years to tell authorities because Van Scoten appeared to live an honorable life after his escape from Luzerne County 45 years ago.
“He was quite candid about what he was able to discover about his father and bring this forward, and what's important here is you have closure,” said Pane.
There is one more step before the case is officially closed. The U.S. Marshals wants to match fingerprints on Van Scoten's death certificate with those authorities have on file.
Manjimup Netball Association will take a bigger contingent to the Members Carnival this weekend, which will include its inaugural open team.
The association has previously taken teams to compete in the U12, U13, U14 and U15 divisions, which will happen this year, in addition to the open team.
The team is made up of Sam Royer, Gemma Brown, Marie Parker, Hayley Kilrain, Zoe Namnik, Jasmine Anderson, Holly Thomas, Rhiannon Stephen, Tayla Callaghan and coach Tara Namnik.
Tara Namnik said it was “very exciting” for the association and the players to have the open team participating at a State competition level.
“I've been coaching my daughter Zoe's team and we've been to three grand finals and taken home two trophies,” she said.
“We want to bring home another one as part of the open team.”
Across the long weekend, the team will play in six games in the A-grade division as Fever A.
Namnik said the team had been training for six weeks and had also played as a team during the regular netball season.
“We have a variety of girls out there, who all have their own strengths,” she said.
Chicago police continue to search for a parolee who escaped custody in the South Shore neighborhood on Chicago's South Side.Police flooded the neighborhood near East 81st Street and South Burnham Avenue as they searched on ground and by air for Kir Moorman, a 29-year-old parolee who escaped a Department of Corrections officer just after 10:30 a.m. Tuesday."The helicopters were over the house hovering. Then we saw cops all in the area," resident Donna Jones said.Initial scanner traffic indicates Moorman may have beaten a female officer who was taking him into custody. Resident German Jones said officers warned him and his wife to lock their doors and be on alert."They told us they had someone who escaped. He had one handcuff on. He had all white and I think they were trying to make an arrest. Some kind of sheriff was out here," Jones said.No streets were blocked during the search, which for a while appeared to focus on the alley near 80th and Muskegon.In addition to having only one handcuff on and wearing all white, Moorman is also heavily tattooed.He is considered dangerous and should not be approached. Anyone who sees him should call 911.
Newest Eagles Michael Bennett and Daryl Worley on their trades to the Eagles, and Bennett on his social activism. Martin Frank/The News Journal
The Department of Primary Industries and Regional Development says there has been a decrease in the number of people charged for illegal marron fishing in the South West in 2018.
Department supervising fisheries and marine officer Bunbury Graeme Hall said there had been 68 offences recorded in the South West.
“The most common being that of out-of-season marron fishing,” he said.
“The detection of the out-of-season offences was due to concerted efforts of Southern and Metro Fisheries compliance staff in the pre-season period, as part of the department's Operation Kerinci, which began in October 2017.
“Overall, there was a decrease in illegal marron fishing related to the 2018 season.
“Patrols by Fisheries officers will continue throughout the year and people caught illegally fishing for marron during the closed season face significant fines and possible seizure of fishing equipment and vehicles.”
Mr Hall said the department received excellent feedback from fishers and community members for the pro-active patrol duties.
“We also received good support from a number of Government agencies to strengthen the efforts against illegal fishing activities,” he said.
“Participation in the marron season was very high in the opening two weeks, with good catches achieved at Harvey and Wellington dams.”
“For one well-known group that visited Harvey Dam, throughout the season, the fishers were each able to achieve their individual ‘trophy waters' bag limit of five marrons per fisher on each occasion.”
Mr Hall said it was important to maintain marron stocks during the off-season.
“We are still seizing quite a number of opera house traps that are used by illegal fishers and this will require continued community education and compliance work,” he said.
“The use of illegal traps continues to be a concern.
“Traps in marron waters can catch and kill other aquatic animals such as rakali and long-neck turtles.”
Star Wars: The Last Jedi is out this week, from 14 December.
And whether you are a fan of the Empire or the Resistance, there are a number of cool things to buy and do this year including Star Wars-themed coding classes at Apple, an augmented reality game to earn special Star Wars badges from visiting certain stores, and the usual piles of Star Wars Lego, drones, robots and toys from the likes of Hasbro and more.
We've rounded up the best, so you can either put them on your gift list or treat a young Jedi or two.
We first saw the Battle Drones from Propel around the release of Rogue One, but this year the company has launched a Collector's Edition for Star Wars fans getting ready for The Last Jedi.
The new range, which will come with a companion app, features the T-65 X-Wing Starfighter, Darth Vader's TIE Advanced x1 and a 74-Z speeder bike. All three quadrocopters boast flying speeds of more than 50 km/h and the ability to do corkscrew rolls as you try and recreate the epic space battles from the eight films. Thankfully there is a training mode for first-time flyers.
The limited edition Star Wars Laser Battle Drones are available exclusively from John Lewis at a retail price of £199.
Think of this as an evil BB-8. BB-9E is a menacing astromech droid of the First Order and, like BB-8, gets its own Sphero version.
You can control it with your phone or tablet and the rolling robot will be able to interact with other Star Wars App-enabled Droids by Sphero. You can watch films from the Star Wars saga by your side.
We last saw R2-D2 at the end of Force Awakens, booting back into life. Now you can control him via your phone or tablet thanks to Sphero.
Artoo's signature front and rear LED lights are fully functional, and an integrated speaker means the beeps and boops come right from the little droid itself.
Sadly, there is no hologram mode yet, but like BB-9E and BB-8, Artoo will be able to talk to other droids and watch the movies with you, beeping at the exciting points. There's also an AR mode that will allow you to drive around the Millennium Falcon.
When the first Star Wars came out we had many of the original action figures. Now, for The Last Jedi, we get the same style figurines, but with the added bonus of being able to wave them over a Force Link bracelet to play a range of different noises and sounds.
The Force Link set comes with Kylo Ren and can be seen very much as an add-on to the classic toys you probably know and love.
Hasbro is launching a new lightsaber to coincide with the forthcoming film. But rather than try and sell you two, or make you choose in the shop, this set allows you to customise your own to either represent the light (Jedi) or dark (Sith) side of the force.
Described as an app-enabled augmented reality experience, Lenovo's Star Wars product comprises a headset that you slip your phone into and a connected lightsaber accessory. Using them, you can have lightsaber battles against the likes of Kylo Ren.
It costs £250, but there are a number of games available, including Holochess and a strategic combat game too.
Our main advice, after having had a quick go at the Disney Force Friday event earlier this year, is to make sure you don't get too involved and chop down your mates. We almost hacked down a small child, Anakin Skywalker style.
Radio Flyer, the company famous for the the pull-along red wagon, has teamed up with Disney to create an electric Land Cruiser from the Star Wars universe. And your little ones can travel along in it.
Designed to look as if it's hovering, it costs £449.99. Sadly you'll either need to be small or nimble to get it in. We tried and failed.
This is a flying Jedi Training Remote that looks more like the "Golden Snitch" from Harry Potter, but nonetheless will let you control a hovering ball with a simple remote rather than having to rely on an iPhone.
It incorporates details and realistic design with clever auto flight technology to keep the droid airborne. LED lights replicate random firing sting beams and repulsors. Users can choose from two flying modes, via a remote control or the more exciting "Force Control" with your hands, feet or any solid object waved below. It costs £29.99.
Why should girls' dolls just be about cutesy princesses in pink gowns or girls that like to shop?
Hasbro certainly thinks there's more to girls' dolls with its Forces of Destiny range. Here you get to give the girls of your life (and many boys too) a Princess Leia from Return of the Jedi or Rey from Force Awakens.
Using LittleBits electronic blocks technology and the free Droid Inventor app, kids big and small will be able to teach their R2 Unite robot new tricks and take it on more than 16 missions across the Star Wars universe.
Kids can even level-up their inventor expertise and reconfigure their droid to give it new skills, allowing it to be controlled by The Force or similar. The Droid inventor Kit comes with everything kids need to create and customise their R2 Unite straight out of the box.
Coming in at £649.99, this 7,541 piece Lego versions of the Millennium Falcon will be enough to excite Lego and Star Wars fans alike.
It is a hybrid version of all the Millennium Falcons that have appeared in the movies.
Characters included in the set include Chewie, Han Solo (old and young), Rey, C3-PO and BB-8. The set also features the strange bat creatures from the meteorite cave in Empire and a couple of the new puffin-like creatures, Porgs.
The new Star Wars film will feature a couple of new vehicles, including a redesigned AT-AT Walker dubbed the AT-M6. And you will be able to buy one in Lego form.
The heavily armoured walker comes with Rey, Captain Poe Dameron, a resistance trooper, a First Order Walker Driver and a First Order Stormtrooper. The set costs £129.99.
In The Last Jedi, Kylo Ren gets his own customised TIE Fighter, and with this Lego set you get to build it.
The set includes Kylo Ren, a TIE Fighter Pilot, First Order Stormtrooper and the new BB-9E.
The new "baddie" spaceship will feature for the first time in The Last Jedi and looks to be Supreme Leader Snoke's spaceship of choice.
In the pretty large set you'll get Snoke, BB-9E and a couple of First Order officers.
Seriously cute, Funko has created a number of bobble heads for the new characters of the forthcoming film. Our favourite has to be Chewie with a Porg.
The characters cost £12.99 each in the UK.
Firebox creates a number of Mystery Boxes already, from Japanese to Unusual. Now you can add Star Wars to that list.
The special Star Wars themed version of Firebox's Mystery Box contains over £90 of Star Wars merch for £49.99. The contents are, naturally, a mystery. However, Firebox tells Pocket-lint that the products included are a mix of Star Wars-related items sourced exclusively for this special box. There are only 300 available, so you better be quick!
EA improves greatly on last year's Battlefront with a sequel that adds a large, single-player campaign to the mix. It has an original story set across the gaps between Return of the Jedi and The Force Awakens.
In addition, you get the best space battles we've seen in game form yet. Massive skirmishes in TIE-Fighters, X-Wings and other ships drawn from the vast Star Wars now take place in the cold depths of space too, with dogfights around Imperial Star Destroyers placing you in the Star Wars experience like never before.
Star Wars Battlefront II is available for PS4, Xbox One and PC.
That's no moon, as the quote goes, it's no ordinary speaker either. Created by Plox, this 5-watt speaker delivers 360 degrees of sound for five hours on a single charge just hovering there like it doesn't care. Yours for £129.99.
Okay, so not a toy, but worthy of a mention. Lets face it we all know a Star Wars fan older than 18 anyway (ourselves too).
Philips has teamed up with Disney to create a range of electric shavers in the Star Wars colours including BB-8, R2-D2 and more generic "light" and "dark" sides of the Force.
Prices start from £119.99 and go up to £329.99. The company has even gone as far as including specific droid details to the different shavers including BB-8 eye as the power-on button for example.
And if you're still wondering what all the fuss is about. Here's the latest Star Wars: The Last Jedi trailer:
At internetmatters.org parents can find all the advice they will need to keep their children safe online. Designed specifically for parents, the site offers a wealth of up-to-date, unbiased information and advice about how to deal with online safety. Parents can learn about the latest issues and technologies, get great tips on how to talk about online safety with their children and get the best advice on dealing with issues and taking action. Created with experts, Internet Matters provides detailed information, but also signposts to best-in-class resources from individual expert organisations. Our goal is to ensure parents can always access the information that they need, in a format that is clear and concise.
Eight people were rescued from an elevator in a downtown Chicago apartment building.They were stuck for about four hours. The rescue was complicated for Chicago firefighters.They had to rappel down from the roof of the building in the 400-block of East Erie in order to reach all eight people.There were no injuries.
© AP
© AP
The LAPD arrested a Democratic Los Angeles councilman on Monday after he and other demonstrators blocked the entrances to a downtown Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) detention center for about an hour.Images and videos posted to social media showed dozens of demonstrators waving signs and chanting slogans, with several blocking accesses to the detention center's driveways and entryways.Eighteen protesters were arrested in total, according to local reports. Bonin's office acknowledged that the councilman had blocked the entrances to the ICE facility, and said that those arrested by the LAPD, including a local rabbi, were released shortly after they were booked.The government "is putting children in baby jails" and "internment camps," Bonin told reporters before his arrest. "Our government is inflicting knowing, intentional trauma upon the most innocent and the most vulnerable." The White House has said Democrats share the blame for the crisis at the border; Trump signed an executive order last month aiming to end family separations.Bonin did not elaborate on particular policy proposals he would like to see. Pressed for specifics, Bonin spokesman David Graham-Caso told Fox News that the councilman would "like to see the federal government not ripping babies away from their mothers and not putting families in internment camps -- that would be a start."After Trump signed the executive order, Bonin wasted no time declaring that the move wouldn't stand in the way of his planned demonstrations."This BS exec order ain't fooling anyone," Bonin tweeted June 21, just one day after the White House announced the order. "Our Saturday demonstration is ON."He went on to call President Trump "evil" and referred to him as the "kidnapper-in-chief."The public demonstration marked the latest high-profile episode in which Democrats have taken the immigration fight to the streets.In June, seven Democratic lawmakers gained entry to an immigration detention center in New Jersey after "arguing" with the police and "literally banging on the door," one of the congressmen posted on Twitter.Earlier that month, Oregon Democratic Sen. Jeff Merkley recorded his unsuccessful attempt to enter a Texas ICE facility. An official there could be heard telling him to "please go away."
Canada is closely following the crisis that has gripped Honduras following the disputed presidential election and is calling upon the Honduran authorities to reinstate constitutional rights and guarantees without delay, said Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland.
“Democratic principles, human rights and the rule of law must be upheld,” Freeland said in a statement as thousands of opposition supporters flooded the streets in the Honduran capital of Tegucigalpa and other cities.
However, Canadian civil society groups are calling on the Trudeau government to take a harder line with the Honduran authorities.
“We call on the Canadian government to stop all political and economic support for the Honduran government until election results can be scrutinized by international observers and declared free and fair, and until the human rights situation in the country improves,” said a statement by Common Frontiers, a working group of Canadian labour and civil rights organizations.
The Americas Policy Group (APG), a regional working group of the Canadian Council for International Co-operation, called on Freeland to support an independent international commission to undertake a vote count and to
conduct an investigation of the electoral process.
Honduras has been plunged into political uncertainty since the November 26 election, with repeated delays and concerns over inconsistencies plaguing the vote.
A soldier looks at opposition supporters during a protest over a contested presidential election with allegations of electoral fraud in Tegucigalpa, Honduras, December 8, 2017. © Jorge Cabrera
The crisis has triggered violent protests, prompting the government to declare a state of emergency and dusk-to-dawn curfew.
At least 14 people have died, many from bullet wounds, according to Amnesty International.
“We lament the deaths and injuries that have occurred as a result of violence following the election,” Freeland said in a statement.
“Those responsible must be held accountable,” Freeland added without specifying who Ottawa holds responsible for the violence.
The APG statement called on Freeland to demand the Honduran government to end the state of emergency and carry-out an investigation into the “intellectual authors of the crimes perpetrated by security forces.”
Ottawa's statement came as Honduras' electoral tribunal said on Sunday that a partial recount of votes from the disputed presidential election showed broadly the same result as previously, giving the lead to the incumbent, President Juan Orlando Hernandez.
In the partial recount of 4,753 ballot boxes, the conservative Hernandez won 50.1 percent of the votes, against some 31.5 percent for his rival Salvador Nasralla from the center-left coalition Opposition Alliance against the Dictatorship.
However, electoral tribunal president David Matamoros did not specify exactly how many votes from the Nov. 26 election were recounted and offered no explanation on how Hernandez was able to overcome Nasralla's 5-point lead and squeeze out a narrow victory.
Scrutineers re-count ballots of the general election during a partial re-count in presidential vote, at a vote counting center in Tegucigalpa, Honduras December 7, 2017. © Jorge Cabrera
The Supreme Electoral Tribunal had declared Nasralla the leader in an announcement on the morning after the vote, with just over half of the ballot boxes counted. However, it gave no further updates for about 36 hours. Once results then started flowing again, Nasralla's lead quickly started narrowing, sparking a major outcry.
Nasralla has demanded a full recount and refused to recognize the results, calling them fraudulent. His alliance called for a nationwide strike Monday, including blockades of the country's main highways.
“The action is due to the fact that we do not accept the results of the elections,” party leader Juan Barahona said.
Nasralla has accused the United States, the European Union and the Organization of American states of being “accomplices to fraud.”
“Canada supports the important work of the Organization of American States (OAS) and EU electoral observer missions in Honduras,” Freeland said. “We welcome the Supreme Electoral Tribunal's efforts to implement all the recommendations of the OAS Electoral Observation Mission and call upon it to continue until all recommendations are implemented.”
Observers from the EU and the OAS have said numerous irregularities have not allowed them to be certain about the results' validity.
“We call on the Canadian government to break its silence about repression, corruption and impunity that have been systematic in Honduras since the 2009 coup,” said the statement by Common Frontiers.
With files from Reuters and The Associated Press
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
WASHINGTON, D.C. — House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-CA) and her colleague Rep. Elijah Cummings (D-MD) were duped by a clearly-labeled “parody” Twitter account pretending to be resigned White House national security adviser Gen. Michael Flynn, promoting the top Democrats to go on a rant about the definition of the term “scapegoat.”
“I didn't know until I heard it from my colleague that the tweet of General Flynn today was ‘scapegoat,'” Pelosi reportedly said during a press conference.
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
“Scapegoat. Do you know what a scapegoat is?” Pelosi asked. “That means in a community where people want to absolve themselves of guilt, they get a goat, and they heap all of the ills onto the goat, and then they run the goat out of town. So the inference to be drawn from his statement is that other people have blame that should be shared in all of this.”
She added, “The good news is that General Flynn is gone.”
.@RepCummings sends out his own remarks from this AM, fails to note that it was a fake Mike Flynn account that sent the "scapegoat" tweet pic.twitter.com/abRcG5XHW4 — Gabby Morrongiello (@gabriellahope_) February 14, 2017
The parody Flynn account tweeted, “While I accept full responsibility for my actions, I feel it is unfair that I have been made the sole scapegoat for what happened. (1/2).” In a second tweet, the account wrote, “But if a scapegoat is what's needed for this Administration to continue to take this great nation forward, I am proud to do my duty.”
While I accept full responsibility for my actions, I feel it is unfair that I have been made the sole scapegoat for what happened. (1/2) — Michael Flynn (@GenMikeFlynn) February 14, 2017
But if a scapegoat is what's needed for this Administration to continue to take this great nation forward, I am proud to do my duty. — Michael Flynn (@GenMikeFlynn) February 14, 2017
The Washington Free Beacon reported that soon after her press conference, one of Pelosi's aides reportedly told her the tweet was fake, to which she reacted in disbelief: “What do you mean it's fake?”
Aide tells Pelosi the "scapegoat" Flynn tweet was fake, "what do you mean it's fake?" She says. pic.twitter.com/tLNQswqfpb — Ema O'Connor (@o_ema) February 14, 2017
Gen. Flynn resigned Monday following reports that he misled Vice President Mike Pence on discussions he had held with Russian Ambassador Sergey Kislyak before President Donald Trump took office on Jan. 20.
However, reports emerged last week indicating Flynn and Kyslyak discussed sanctions against Russia one month earlier. Those reports contradict denials from VP Pence that the topic never came up in calls between the men.
Retired Army Lt. Gen. Joseph Keith Kellogg, Jr. has taken Gen. Flynn's place as acting national security advisor.
Follow Adelle Nazarian on Twitter and Periscope @AdelleNaz
HAMDEN, Conn. (WTNH) — Police in Hamden are on the lookout for burglar with an interesting appetite for crime.
Hamden Police say a man grabbed a bag of cheeseburgers from another man who was walking on Goodrich Street on Saturday. The suspect then took off on foot traveling westbound on the same street.
Officials say the suspect had a gun on him.
Anyone with information on the suspect or on the incident is asked to contact the Hamden Police Department at 203-230-4040.
By The Associated Press
DENVER (116)
Barton 8-19 2-2 21, Chandler 7-16 1-1 18, Plumlee 3-6 1-4 7, Murray 4-7 3-3 13, Harris 8-18 2-2 21, Faried 2-5 0-0 4, Lyles 9-15 2-2 25, Mudiay 1-4 0-0 3, Beasley 1-5 2-2 4. Totals 43-95 13-16 116.
INDIANA (126)
Bogdanovic 2-8 3-3 7, T.Young 8-11 0-0 18, Turner 10-15 2-4 24, Joseph 1-7 0-0 2, Oladipo 15-28 11-13 47, Sabonis 6-10 2-2 14, Leaf 0-1 0-0 0, J.Young 1-2 0-0 2, Stephenson 6-11 0-0 12. Totals 49-93 18-22 126.
Denver 35 31 22 26 2—116 Indiana 22 37 31 24 12—126
3-Point Goals_Denver 17-42 (Lyles 5-7, Barton 3-8, Chandler 3-9, Harris 3-10, Murray 2-4, Mudiay 1-1, Beasley 0-3), Indiana 10-25 (Oladipo 6-12, T.Young 2-3, Turner 2-3, Stephenson 0-1, Joseph 0-2, Bogdanovic 0-4). Fouled Out_None. Rebounds_Denver 47 (Faried 11), Indiana 40 (Turner 8). Assists_Denver 24 (Barton 9), Indiana 24 (Stephenson, Oladipo 6). Total Fouls_Denver 20, Indiana 17. Technicals_Denver coach Nuggets (Defensive three second), Harris. A_14,587 (18,500).
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Photo: Sipa / USA Today Network
By Hayden Wright
Taylor Swift has kept a relatively low profile while her sixth studio album Reputation tops the charts and her fans gobble up a holiday helping of confessional new music. Over the weekend, however, Swift made an exception by performing at the Jingle Bell Ball in London.
Related: Taylor Swift Pens New Poem ‘The Trick to Holding On'
Her headlining set included a combination of hits from 1989 and Reputation including “Blank Space” and “Shake It Off” from the former. From the latter, Taylor performed “Gorgeous,” “Look What You Made Me Do” and “…Ready For It?” For good measure, Swift threw in a solo rendition of her duet with Zayn Malik: “I Don't Wanna Live Forever.”
The performance followed almost a month after her November 11 appearance on Saturday Night Live. Other acts at the Jingle Bell Ball included Ed Sheeran and Liam Payne.
Watch Taylor perform “Ready For It,” “Gorgeous” and “Look What You Made Me Do” below:
Related
Newsletter
Comments
You are encouraged to leave relevant comments but engaging in personal attacks, threats, online bullying or commercial spam will not be allowed. All comments should remain within the bounds of fair play and civility. (You can disagree with others courteously, without being disagreeable.) Feel free to express yourself but keep an open mind toward finding value in what others say. To report abuse or spam, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box.
New research at the University of Waterloo could lead to the development of batteries that triple the range of electric vehicles.
The breakthrough involves the use of negative electrodes made of lithium metal, a material with the potential to dramatically increase battery storage capacity.
"This will mean cheap, safe, long-lasting batteries that give people much more range in their electric vehicles," said Quanquan Pang, who led the research while he was a PhD candidate at Waterloo.
The increased storage capacity, or energy density, could boost the distance electric vehicles are able to travel on a single charge, from about 200 kilometres to 600 kilometres.
In creating the technology, Pang and fellow researchers, including supervisor Linda Nazar, a professor of chemistry and chemical engineering at Waterloo, had to overcome two challenges.
The first challenge involved a risk of fires and explosions caused by microscopic structural changes to the lithium metal during repeated charge-discharge cycles.
The second involved a reaction that creates corrosion and limits both how well the electrodes work and how long they last.
Researchers solved both problems by adding a chemical compound made of phosphorus and sulfur elements to the electrolyte liquid that carries electrical charge within batteries.
The compound reacts with the lithium metal electrode in an already assembled battery to spontaneously coat it with an extremely thin protective layer.
"We wanted a simple, scalable way to protect the lithium metal," said Pang, now a post-doctoral fellow at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. "With this solution, we just add the compound and it works by itself."
The novel approach paves the way for electric vehicle batteries that enjoy the benefits of lithium metal electrodes - greater storage capacity and therefore greater driving range - without comprising safety or reducing lifespan.
###
A paper on the research was published today in the journal Joule.
Some 60 members of the Royal Canadian Air Force's 408 Tactical Helicopter Squadron left Monday for Iraq.
The squadron members, based at 3rd Canadian Division Support Base in Edmonton, Alta., are headed for northern Iraq where they will assume the duties of the Tactical Aviation Detachment of Air Task Force-Iraq as part of Operation IMPACT, according to the RCAF news release. Op IMPACT is the Canadian military mission against the Islamic State.
The members of 408 Tactical Helicopter Squadrons will relieve 430 Tactical Helicopter Squadrons from Valcartier, Que., which has been providing tactical aviation support since early October 2016, according to the RCAF. Personnel of 408 Squadrons will fly and maintain the four CH-146 Griffon helicopters, co-located with the Canadian-led Coalition Role 2 medical facility in Iraq.
CH-146 Griffon helicopters and personnel first deployed to Op IMPACT in May 2016.
In a factious atmosphere brought on by discord over a county nursing home site, leadership on the Monroe County Board has shifted.
At its organizational meeting Tuesday, the board rejected its previous chairman, Cedric Schnitzler, and vice chairman, Wallace Habhegger, in favor of Pete Peterson of Tomah and Jim Schroeder of Cashton.
In a secret vote, Peterson edged out Schnitzler 9-7 to take over the chairmanship. In the first round of balloting for the vice chair, Habhegger and Schroeder ended in an 8-8 tie, but Schroeder won the position in round two on a 9-7 vote.
Both Peterson and Schroeder are two of 10 supervisors named in a civil lawsuit brought against them by a group of Sparta citizens. The group alleges the supervisors violated Wisconsin Open Meetings Law when they voted to move the nursing home site to Tomah last January. Schnitzler, who lives in the Town of Sparta, and Habhegger, a City of Sparta resident, supported the Sparta site in teh 10-5 vote.
Peterson, the chairman of the Rolling Hills committee, which oversees the nursing home project, spearheaded the effort to move the nursing home site to Tomah.
The board also elected members to the highway committee, including Schnitzler, Schroeder, Sharon Folcey, Dave Pierce and Paul Steele.
As county board chairman, Peterson will appoint supervisors to all other standing committees and name committee chairs.
Only two new faces are on the board for the new two year term. One is Alan McCoy of Little Falls, who represents District-1. He is a retired dairy farmer who also sits on the Little Falls Town Board. He replaces Carol Las who didn't seek re-election.
The other is Gregg Vinslauski, a retiree who represents District-6 in the City of Sparta. He served on the county board in the mid-2000s and won as a write-in candidate in the last election when no one stepped up to run for the seat vacated by Dan Olson, who also didn't seek re-election.
SALEM, N.H. (WTNH) — Two women from Hartford are facing charges after police in New Hampshire say they were shoplifting at a mall.
According to Salem police, on Aug. 12th, officers responded to a report of items missing from a Macy's located at a shopping mall. Police quickly caught up to 18-year-old Shatoya Lewis and 18-year-old Leona Jones as they attempted to exit the parking lot.
Officers pulled the vehicle over and noticed a number of new clothing items with price tags still on the garments inside the vehicle.
The two females were both charged with Organized Retail Crime Enterprise, Disobeying an Officer, Possession of Marijuana, and Transporting Drugs in a Motor Vehicle.
A third woman in the vehicle was released after police did not find any evidence that she was actively involved in the crimes.
OAKLAND, Calif. — On the one hand, LeBron James spent the past season doing everything in his considerable power to earn consideration as the greatest NBA player of all-time even over the likes of Michael Jordan, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar or Bill Russell. On the other hand, James and a supporting cast that Saturday Night Live recently parodied as a bunch of nobodies are huge underdogs against the defending champion Warriors when the Finals open Thursday night at Oracle Arena.
If the oddsmakers are right, there's a good chance James' record in the Finals will drop to 3-6 when it's all over. But the sheer magnitude of what he has accomplished in his 15th NBA season at the age of 33 to reach the Finals for the eighth straight year with a team that lost Kyrie Irving in free agency before undergoing a midseason makeover at the trade deadline is beyond description.
Game 1 of the Finals will be a career-high 101 games this season for James, who is averaging 34.0 points, 41.3 minutes and an efficiency rating of 37.1 in the playoffs to lead everyone in those categories. Throw in 9.2 rebounds, 8.8 assists, 1.4 steals and 1.1 blocks per game and seven 40-point performances, and it's obvious the Cavaliers only reached the Finals through the dint of James' will.
On media day Wednesday, James was asked if he is redefining the prime of his NBA career. “They always kind of talked about the NBA prime is like 27 to 31, 32,” James said. “That's if you're lucky. I just never really bought into that. I've always told you guys that I don't really have a ceiling. I want to just try to maximize as much as I can and be as good as I can.”
Recalling a conversation after one playoff game with sideline TV reporter Casey Hubberth, who asked him how he still can maintain such a high level, James said, “I told her this is the best I've felt in my career. I don't know if she believed me and I don't know if you guys believe me, but I really felt that. And I continue to just play at an all-time-level standard for the rest of this season. Hopefully, I can continue it in these Finals also.”
It will take everything James has and more to upset the Warriors. Irving is long gone, and All-Star forward Kevin Love's status for Game 1 is uncertain because he still was in concussion protocol on Wednesday. But the Warriors should know better than anyone not to take James for granted after he led the Cavaliers back from a 3-1 Finals deficit two years ago to win the title.
Warriors coach Steve Kerr noted how teams dared James to shoot from long range earlier in his career in order to pack the defense in and protect the rim. “Contrast that to now where he's shooting fadeaway threes from 30 feet to close games out,” Kerr said. “It is pretty remarkable when you've got a guy who already is considered one of the top few players to ever play the game who can make that much improvement late in his career.”
Understanding all the turmoil the Cavs endured this season, coach Tyronn Lue added that James “wanted to lead by example for these new guys who came in, playing all 82 [regular-season] games and playing at a high level.”
Subscribe to Sports Now newsletter By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Veteran forward Jeff Green, who signed for the minimum in the offseason to play with James and reach the Finals, said, “It's hard to put into words. It's amazing to watch. It's amazing to be a part of. That guy has done everything for us. He's playing outstanding, amazing, phenomenal basketball in year 15. Collectively, his playoffs have been truly remarkable.”
Abidjan: The "terrorist" attack on a restaurant in Burkina Faso killed at least 18 people including eight foreigners and seven locals, the country`s foreign minister Alpha Barry said Monday.
The foreigners killed in Sunday`s attack included one Frenchman; one Canadian woman; male victims from Senegal, Niger, Lebanon and Turkey; and two Kuwaiti women, while three victims remain unidentified, he said.
PROUD HERITAGE: Uncle Ken Morgan and Uncle Reg King lay branches into the fire during the smoking ceremony to welcome guests to the official launch of Social Futures Reconciliation Acton Plan yesterday.
PROUD HERITAGE: Uncle Ken Morgan and Uncle Reg King lay branches into the fire during the smoking ceremony to welcome guests to the official launch of Social Futures Reconciliation Acton Plan yesterday. Natsky aka Natalie Barovsky
NATIONAL Reconciliation Week is a chance to bridge divides between Aboriginal and non-Aboriginal people, and this week another step towards unity in Lismore.
Social Futures officially launched its Reconciliation Action Plan at Lismore City Hall, outlining the organisation's plans to address Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander disadvantage in the region.
Among the guests at the launch was Lismore local Uncle Reg King, who explained what Reconciliation Week meant to him.
"It means working together, on both sides of the fence," he said.
"There should also be more unity between my people, and this kind of events help that."
Photos View Photo Gallery
He agreed with the 2018 Reconciliation Week theme: Don't Keep History a Mystery.
"The more we can get it out to the public and particular government areas, the more they can get a better understanding of the people who are trying to make amends and to make reconciliation happen, the better," Mr King said.
Social Futures chief executive Tony Davies said the plan was a commitment to achieving social justice for the Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander people.
"A big part of our plan is looking at how we build our Aboriginal workforce and businesses," My Davies said.
"So we plan to buy more of our goods from Aboriginal businesses."
Mr Davies also said the community "should be listening to the original owners of the land" on the issue surrounding the date of Australia Day.
"Let's be honest, Australia was not formed on that day... Australia has a history of 60,000 or more years of strong, connected civilisation and it's important that the history is fully recognised," he said.
"Governments at every level should listen to what the elders, as the continuing custodians of this land say is the appropriate day."
National Reconciliation Week will run until Sunday, June 3.
Other Reconciliation Week events:
The Wounded Warrior Run B-C is getting ready for the 2017 run down Vancouver Island.
The team members will begin their journey in Port Hardy on Monday.
Co-founder Allan Kobayashi says he hopes by sharing his story, he encourages others to come forward.
Kobayashi says over the years since the run began, he's noticed more people talking about P-T-S-D and also more people coming forward asking for help.
CHARLESTON, S.C. (AP) — The same jury that last month unanimously found Dylann Roof guilty in the slayings of nine black parishioners at a South Carolina church is returning to court to begin contemplating his punishment.
With the 22-year-old representing himself, the process is sure to be unconventional. But even if Roof is sentenced to death, it's highly unlikely he'd be executed anytime soon.
While prosecutors plan to call up to 38 people related to the nine people killed and three who survived the June 2015 slaughter during Bible study at Emanuel AME Church in Charleston, Roof said last week he plans on calling no witnesses and presenting no evidence.
Roof was found guilty last month on 33 federal charges, including hate crimes and obstruction of the practice of religion. A jury took less than three hours to return its verdict, and a judge dismissed the jury for a break over the holidays.
Advertisement
Typically in what's known as the sentencing phase, defense attorneys call relatives and other witnesses to testify about their client's unsteady state of mind before and during the crimes. Given that background, the defense hopes, a jury might be more likely to spare the defendant's life and opt against the death penalty.
But Roof, who is acting as his own attorney, has said he plans to do no such thing.
In his journal, which was read in court during his trial, Roof said his doesn't believe in psychology, which he called “a Jewish invention” that “does nothing but invent diseases and tell people they have problems when they don't.”
Roof also seems to be determined to try to keep evidence embarrassing to him or his family out. Not only did he take over his own defense, but he asked the judge at a hearing Wednesday if he could file a motion limiting what prosecutors can introduce.
Roof also was adamant that a transcript of a hearing where he was found mentally competent not be released to the public.
“I know this is not a legal argument, but the unsealing of the competency hearing defeats the purpose of me representing myself,” Roof said at last week's hearing.
Neither Roof, nor U.S. District Judge Richard Gergel nor prosecutors have given specifics on the evidence Roof is objecting to.
On Thursday, Gergel ordered another competency evaluation of Roof “in an abundance of caution,” after his standby counsel filed a sealed motion again questioning Roof's mental ability to proceed. The judge's order specified he saw no reason to delay Tuesday's start of the penalty phase.
Roof's lawyers tried repeatedly both to stop him from being his own lawyer and to work mental health-related evidence into the first phase of his trial, saying they feared Roof fired them because he feared the attorneys would present evidence that would embarrass him when trying to save his life.
Prosecutors objected at every turn, and Gergel wouldn't allow any of it into court, ruling mitigation evidence is allowable during sentencing and not before.
Court papers show prosecutors are expected to present evidence showing that Roof picked his victims because of their race, killed them to incite more violence, showed no remorse and killed three particularly vulnerable people who were 70 years old or older.
Evidence speaking to Roof's mental state, one expert argues, could make the difference between life and death.
“The Dylann Roof case is a classic example of the type of problem you can have when an obviously mentally ill or emotionally disturbed defendant is permitted to represent himself,” said Robert Dunham, executive director of the Death Penalty Information Center. “There's a huge difference in the eyes of a jury between someone they perceive as evil or despicable and someone they perceive as being seriously mentally ill. … If you take mental health out of it, you are putting a thumb on the scale of death.”
Both the judge's decision to allow Roof to represent himself and waive the introduction of mental health evidence are sure to be raised in an inevitable appeal, Dunham argued.
Roof also faces nine murder charges in state court, where prosecutors have also said they will seek the death penalty in a trial likely to begin sometime next year.
Whether he's sentenced to death or not, it's unlikely Roof would be executed anytime soon, in either jurisdiction. The federal government hasn't executed anyone since 2003, and there are years of appeals between a death sentence being levied and carried out.
South Carolina's death chamber hasn't been used since 2011, due at least in part to a lack of availability for the drugs the state uses for lethal injection.
___
Associated Press writer Jeffrey Collins contributed to this report.
___
Kinnard can be reached at http://twitter.com/MegKinnardAP . Read more of her work at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/meg-kinnard/ .
Milan, July 4 - Italferr, the engineering company of the Italian railway FS Group, has a new operating headquarters in Milan, where it will carry out its most important northern Italy infrastructure and railway projects. The new offices in the capital of the Lombardy region will host 140 employees. For the Italian Railway Network, Italferr's Milan offices are working on the planning and high surveillance of work on the infrastructural work underway to build the TEN-T Core Corridors of the Trans-European Transport Network. In the Mediterranean Corridor, the company is working on the planning of the Italian route for the high speed Turin-Leone, Brescia-Verona, and Verona-Vicenza rail routes. In the Rhine-Alpine Corridor, Italferr has taken on the direction of work on the Third Pass, and is working on strengthening infrastructure and technology in Genoa. Finally, in the Scandinavian-Mediterranean Corridor, Italferr is planning priority interventions for the quadrupling of the Fortezza-Verona line, which is the access line from the south to the Brenner Base tunnel. "This is a new headquarters that is suitable for the country's largest engineering company," said Italferr CEO Carlo Carganico, during a press conference to present the new headquarters. Italferr President Riccardo Maria Monti said that projects from the company's Milan base have a total value of about 25 billion euros. "We will hire dozens and dozens of young people; we're a piece of Italy that gets things done," he said. photo: Garganico
New Delhi: This has been by far a crackling season of filmmaker Karan Johar's 'Koffee With Karan' chat show. Besides celebrities being a little too cautious, the fun pairing of various jodis on the show has won our hearts.
After Anushka Sharma and Katrina Kaif's high voltage chemistry on the show, the New Year's was set on pace with Shahid Kapoor and Mira Rajput in their first time ever television appearance on any show.
Now, the latest promo has none other than Jacqueline Fernandez and Sidharth Malhotra talking their hearts out on the show. It surely looks like a fun episode. Earlier, Sid had shared an inside picture from the shoot.
Most fun I have had on a cup of koffee, thank you @karanjohar n @Asli_Jacqueline #koffeewithkaran pic.twitter.com/8CubcSdiG3 — Sidharth Malhotra (@S1dharthM) December 24, 2016
Sid and Jackky baby will star together in 'Reload'.
Rome, December 11 - Environmental group Legamebiente on Monday rated Italy's 10 most nightmarish commuter rail links, ranging from Rome-Lido to the round-Vesuvius line and the Verona-Rovigo service. Rome-Lido was top, followed by the Circumvesuviana, Reggio Calabria-Taranto, Verona-Rovigo, Brescia-Casalmaggiore-Parma, Genoa-Savona-Ventimiglia and Bari-Corato-Barletta. The rankings are based on passengers protests over delays and cuts as well as known factors like schedules, type of train, and conditions of coaches and stations.
× Expand Lee and Brenda Clemens with their granddaughter Rheyanna “Anna” Clemens
On a raw strip of Hull Street Road, in a stark white concrete block building, beats one of the rugged hearts of Richmond's motorcycle culture.
At its center is Lee Clemens, 6 feet tall and 215 pounds, with big knuckles and a grip strengthened by years of working with wrenches and the other heavy instruments of motorcycle building and repair. Age has earned him a bright white goatee, and when Clemens wears a straw cowboy hat, he might remind you of KFC's Colonel Sanders, but with a punch.
At 70, Clemens is still someone you don't want to mess with.
“I've always told people I'm not in the shit business,” he says. “I don't give any, and I don't take any. If you come in here and give me a rash of it, I'll goddamn throw you out as sure as the sun comes up the next day. I'm not into it. At the same time, if you treat me fair, I'll treat you exactly the same way.”
He opened his business, Departure Bike Works, in 1972 — “Didn't have a business license till '73,” he says with a laugh — and ever since, he's been winning a following among those (mostly the Harley-Davidson crowd) who are looking for motorcycle parts or repairs, or who want a custom-built machine.
The most expensive bike that ever went out of the shop topped $75,000, he says.
Custom motorcycles are a specialty that earned Clemens' shop a turn on the Learning Channel's “Biker Build-Off” program in 2006.
“We have a reputation of craftsmanship when it comes to building bikes, and great expertise on keeping them running,” he says. “So people feel comfortable bringing us their $50,000 motorcycle to work on.”
To lighten the atmosphere, he has a sign in his shop that reads: “Rates: if you watch us, $85. If you give us advice, $95. If you help or assist, $105. If you've worked on it yourself, $125.”
Today, the going repair rate at Departure is $95 per hour, though Clemens is thinking about raising it to $100, to keep pace with other top shops in the region.
× Expand Lee Clemens and his wife, Brenda, discuss motorcycle parts.
As he talks about the business, Brenda, his wife of 51 years, is speaking with a customer on the phone.
“Eighty FXS,” she shouts across the room, referring to a vintage Harley-Davidson motorcycle “What size battery would that be?”
“It would be a YB 16, Brenda,” Clemens shouts back. He says he knows much of his extensive inventory of new and vintage parts by heart.
“I remember numbers,” he says, “I don't know why. I don't remember somebody's name for 10 seconds.”
His clientele is demographically and racially diverse: “all kinds of people — doctors, lawyers, Indian chiefs, bricklayers, painters,” Clemens says. “Since the construction industry has picked up … I'm seeing more of my old customers coming back in.”
A relative in Galax gave him his first ride on a motorcycle when he was 5 or 6 years old. Even though he burned his leg on the motorcycle's tailpipe, Clemens says the thrill of that first ride has stayed with him for a lifetime.
Later, he rode motorcycles with his father as he was growing up in the Shenandoah Valley, and followed a career path that took him to a local speed shop — where automobile enthusiasts can find parts to boost their vehicle's horsepower — in Richmond and later to his own shop.
Clemens once had a team that drag-raced motorcycles on a quarter-mile track. At one point in the 1990s, he says, his team reached the No. 1 ranking in the country, in its motorcycle class.
“We battled the top dog for five years,” he says. His top speed was reaching 170 mph in eight seconds. But he gave up the drag racing when the annual cost jumped from about $70,000 a year to nearly a million dollars, as deep-pocketed competitors jumped into the field.
Clemens says he has encountered every manner of motorcycle rider.
“You've always got two sides to the motorcycle community,” he says. “You've got the outlaw side and you've got the enthusiasts side. There are guys who are going to walk that line, then there are guys who are going to make a commitment to one side or the other.”
And, yes, he is well acquainted with both the Hell's Angels and the Pagans, two motorcycle clubs whose members have frequently made headlines for a lot of the wrong reasons, including criminal activity.
“I've known Hells Angels my entire life across the U.S. I think highly of them. The ones I've met and interacted with have really been good guys. But in any group of people there are going to be assholes and bad guys,” Clemens says.
The city of Munich is currently considering a move away from Free Software back to Microsoft products. We consider this to be a mistake and urge the decision makers to reconsider.
For many years now the City of Munich has been using a mix of software by KDE, LibreOffice and Ubuntu, among others. Mayor Dieter Reiter (a self-proclaimed Microsoft-fan who helped Microsoft move offices to Munich) asked Accenture (a Microsoft partner) to produce a report about the situation of the City of Munich's IT infrastructure. That resulted in a 450-page document. This report is now being misused to push for a move away from Free Software. However the main issues listed in the report were identified to be organizational ones and not related to Free Software operating systems and applications.
The City of Munich is of course free to decide on their IT infrastructure. Nonetheless we believe the move away from Free Software would be a big mistake and feel compelled to speak up. Specifically the move away from Free Software will
not actually fix the issues identified in the report by Accenture
remove vendor-independence which was one of the core arguments for moving to Free Software in the first place
incur estimated costs of €90 Million to be paid by tax-payer money. Another €15 Million are expected to be spent on replacing or upgrading hardware that cannot cope with the requirements of Windows 10 but runs fine with Linux.
The City of Munich has always been a poster child of Free Software in public administrations. It is a showcase of what can be done with Free Software in this setting. The step back by the City of Munich from Free Software would therefore not just be a blow for this particular deployment but also have more far-reaching effects into other similar deployments.
That said, we take this opportunity to invite all other administrations to leverage the work done by the City of Munich over the last years and are willing to help resolve remaining issues in the City of Munich related to our software.
Lydia Pintscher
President, KDE e.V.
Please also read the statement by The Document Foundation.
In 2015, Blue Brain published the first digital copy of a piece of the neocortex - the most evolved part of the brain and the seat of our sensations, actions, and consciousness. In this latest research, using algebraic topology, multiple tests were performed on the virtual brain tissue to show that the multi-dimensional brain structures discovered could never be produced by chance.
"Algebraic topology is like a telescope and microscope at the same time. It can zoom into networks to find hidden structures - the trees in the forest - and see the empty spaces - the clearings - all at the same time," explains Kathryn Hess from EPFL.
Experiments were then performed on real brain tissue in the Blue Brain's wet lab in Lausanne confirming that the earlier discoveries in the virtual tissue are biologically relevant and also suggesting that the brain constantly rewires during development to build a network with as many high-dimensional structures as possible.
When the researchers presented the virtual brain tissue with a stimulus, cliques of progressively higher dimensions assembled momentarily to enclose high-dimensional holes, that the researchers refer to as cavities.
"The appearance of high-dimensional cavities when the brain is processing information means that the neurons in the network react to stimuli in an extremely organized manner," says Ran Levi from Aberdeen University.
"It is as if the brain reacts to a stimulus by building then razing a tower of multi-dimensional blocks, starting with rods (1D), then planks (2D), then cubes (3D), and then more complex geometries with 4D, 5D, etc. The progression of activity through the brain resembles a multi-dimensional sandcastle that materializes out of the sand and then disintegrates."
"We found a world that we had never imagined," says neuroscientist Henry Markram, director of Blue Brain Project and professor at the EPFL in Lausanne, Switzerland, "there are tens of millions of these objects even in a small speck of the brain, up through seven dimensions. In some networks, we even found structures with up to eleven dimensions."
The big question these researchers are asking now is whether the intricacy of tasks we can perform depends on the complexity of the multi-dimensional "sandcastles" the brain can build. Neuroscience has also been struggling to find where the brain stores its memories. "They may be 'hiding' in high-dimensional cavities," Markram speculates.
The Daily Galaxy Read More via journal.frontiersin.org
Image credit: Top of page, with thanks to ALAMY Photos and amcham.be
The six Immigration officers charged in the Anti-Corruption probe last week have been on required leave with full pay since their respective arrests last year.
Today (19 March) Immigration Chief Officer Wesley Howell confirmed the employment status of the six officers in response to queries from Cayman 27. He said now that they have been charged they will continue to remain on leave with full pay.
He said the charges against the officers arose from allegations relating to unlawful actions in the workplace and as such, they were placed on required leave in accordance with the Public Service Management Law.
He said the ranks of the officers now facing charges are from senior immigration officer to immigration officer. The accused officers are Sherry Lee McLaughlin, Diane Dey-Rankin, Phaedra McDonald, Marcus Alexander, Kathy-Ann Forbes and Carlos Robinson. They face charges ranging from conspiracy to commit breach of trust and failing to report the solicitation of an advantage. Six foreign nationals have also been charged. They are Santo Castro Castillo, Carolin Nixon Lopez, Marlenis Perez Mata, Angela Suyapa Rodriguez David, Mariel Maleno Suriel and Katerine Montero Paniagua. All 12 face a total of 75 charges. They will appear in court on 10 April. The charges center around the English test given to people who arrive in Cayman on work permit and payment of a reward was given for assistance with the test in some cases.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this Pause
1:24 Tony Romo says he showed he can be the same guy
2:13 A sneak peek at Palo Pinto Mountains State Park
3:10 2005 Cross Plains fire changed town, and volunteer fire department
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America's Team?
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
1:35 Police Athletic League starts boxing program
3:24 Mule Lip Bar shooting creates new state park
1:01 Fuel City opening in Haltom City
LINCOLN, NEB. – “The fact that beef from Nebraska is being shipped to China today is great news for Nebraska's farm and ranch families. China presents a tremendous market opportunity for Nebraska beef. As a top beef producer, Nebraska has much to gain from a market estimated to be worth $2.6 billion. While Farm Bureau's primary focus continues to be securing full access for American and Nebraska beef into China, today is an important first step to making that a reality.”
“The development of the Nebraska Department of Agriculture's Certified Beef from Nebraska Program and other age and source verified programs are important to allowing Nebraska farmers and ranchers the ability to grow the presence of Nebraska beef into this critical market.”
The latest update from the National Hurricane Center has the storm's forecast cone shifting slightly east. (Photo Source: WLOX)
Mississippi Gov. Phil Bryant is holding a news conference in Gulfport at 11:30 a.m. to talk about the threat of Tropical Storm Nate. Bryant is on the coast this morning meeting with emergency management officials.
Nate is moving faster to the northwest this morning. The latest update from the National Hurricane Center said the storm is moving NNW at 14 mph. It has 45 mph sustained winds. The update also has the storm's forecast cone shifting slightly east. All of South Mississippi is included in the forecast cone of uncertainty.
The National Weather Service issued a hurricane watch for Pearl River, Hancock, Harrison, and Jackson counties. A tropical watch is in effect for Stone and George counties.
We'll start seeing tropical conditions Saturday. Winds could reach 45 to 80 miles per hour by Saturday night. Nate is expected to reach land early Sunday morning somewhere between Louisiana and Florida, including South Mississippi. Potential impacts include 2 to 4 inches of heavy rainfall and a storm surge from 3 to 8 feet.
The WLOX First Alert Weather Team is working around the clock to track TS Nate. We'll update this story as new information is released.
Copyright 2017 WLOX. All rights reserved.
The George C. Marshall European Center conducts two Programs on Terrorism and Security Studies (PTSS) resident courses each fiscal year. This is the trifold brochure created to market the resident course at various security conferences and at U.S. embassies throughout Europe.
IMAGE INFO Date Taken: 12.01.2016 Date Posted: 02.15.2017 07:01 Photo ID: 3166927 VIRIN: 161201-O-RR751-087 Resolution: 8382x13716 Size: 19.29 MB Location: GARMISCH-PARTENKIRCHEN, BY, DE Web Views: 1 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN This work, Program on Terrorism and Security Studies Trifold, by Zachary Sherman, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law.
Hendrix Genetics will celebrate the opening of its new hatchery in Grand Island on Tuesday, August 15, 2017 at 11 a.m., located at 2325 West Schimmer Drive. The ceremony will be held in the southwest corner of its $1 8.5 million facility, spanning twenty acres in the north-east section of Grand Island's Platte Valley Industrial ParkEast (PVIP-E). Hendrix Genetics, with representatives from Europe and North America, will be in attendance. The new hatchery operation will serve 10% of the US market demand.
Due to the nature of Hendrix Genetics' business, this will be the only time the community and media will be allowed to tour the Hendrix facility.
Dave Taylor, President of the Grand Island Area Economic Development Corporation states, “The project's multi-million dollar investment and the addition of 43 jobs will dramatically change the landscape of our industrial park and community. In addition to the main hatchery in Grand Island, 11 outlying barns to support the facility are planned for development within 100 miles of Grand Island, with 8 already in progress or complete.
Adding to the economic impact for central Nebraska as a whole.” Servé Hermans, Managing Director for Layers states, “We are so pleased to be opening our state-of-the-art layer hatchery in Grand Island, Nebraska.
The city and state offered a number of benefits for our operations including proximity to our customers and feed sources, strong partnership with local representatives, and community incentives. The opening is just the next step in building a long and positive relationship with the Grand Island people and establishing our production hub here in Nebraska to serve the US market with high quality products.”
Hendrix Genetics is a privately-held, international multi-species breeding company with activities in layer, turkey, swine, traditional poultry and aquaculture breeding. The layer Business Unit of Hendrix Genetics breeds pure line layers in seven R&D centers, located in Canada, France, and the Netherlands, and produces parent stock of day-old chicks in five main production centers, located in Canada, Brazil, Netherlands, France, and Indonesia. Hendrix Genetics is headquartered in Boxmeer, the Netherlands.
Last week the members of the “Warwick Poppies 2018” committee organised a trip to a memorial arboretum.
The “Warwick Poppies 2018” project will be a year-long campaign, where the committee members will be looking to collect thousands of handmade poppies.
The handcrafted poppies will then form the exhibition that will be a community tribute that marks the centenary of the end of the First World War.
Last Monday (August 7) the project committee members along with Warwick residents and members of St Mary's Church went to the National Memorial Arboretum in Staffordshire.
The trip came one week after the commemoration of the centenary of the Battle of Passchendaele.
A spokesperson from the Warwick Poppies 2018 committee said: “After the daily Service of Remembrance, the group took the land train tour of the site, lasting 50 minutes, followed by free time to explore at will.”
Warwick Poppies 2018 is to be officially launched on September 5th but handmade poppies are already being collected for the tribute.
Further details about the project are available in St Mary's Church, or via the project's dedicated website: www.warwickpoppies.org.uk
Commentary: A story by Business Insider in the days before the 2016 election reported that more than 240 newspapers in the country had endorsed Hillary Clinton for president, while only 19 endorsed Donald Trump. Several newspapers that had been solidly Republican every year since their founding broke from the party for the first time in history.
None of which mattered on election day.
On Friday, the Sun-News editorial board met with Gavin Clarkson and Monty Newman, two of the Republican candidates seeking to replace Steve Pearce as the representative for Southern New Mexico in the U.S. House of Representatives, to begin the process of candidate interviews for our endorsements to come.
It is our intention to sit down with all the local and statewide candidates in elected races during the next three weeks. The one exception is judicial races. We stopped doing endorsement editorials on judges because we don't cover courts enough to make an informed decision, and interviews with judicial candidates are a lot more restricted due to limitations as to what they can discuss.
The candidate interviews are one of the most enjoyable parts of the job, and also one of the most stressful. That is especially true in local races, where we attempt to interview all of the candidates at the same time. We try very hard to have a productive, respectful conversation where everybody has the opportunity to be heard and we stick to substantive issues.
Information gathered during these interviews does more than just guide our endorsement choices. It also provides the foundation for our news reporting on each race.
Our goal is not to tell voters who to pick. Rather, it is to present as much information about the candidates as possible, both in print and online, so they can make their own choices.
Editorial endorsements can be part of that process. We explain our reasons for coming to the conclusions we do. And, we believe that our opinions are well informed.
But I have never based my vote on an endorsement, whether it was from a newspaper or anyplace else. And I certainly hope that voters will see the endorsements, along with all of the other reporting, as tools for them to make their own decisions.
There are some who question whether newspapers should make endorsements at all. They argue that taking a position on the race taints the straight news coverage. As always, we hope that people understand the difference between news and opinion.
And, newspaper endorsements are a longstanding tradition. The Five Thirty Eight political site notes that in 1860 the New York Times threw its weight behind “Mr. Lincoln, of Illinois, familiarly known as ‘Old Abe,' age 51, height six feet seven, by profession Rail-Splitter.”
I'm not sure if the Times helped put Lincoln over the top in his race with James Buchanan, but in the past newspaper endorsements have played an important role in elections. I'm not sure if that's true anymore.
No winning candidate (and few losing ones) has ever received less editorial support than President Trump. Certainly, Trump is unique in a lot of ways, and many of the accepted rules of politics have simply not applied to him. But, I think it goes beyond that.
The days of newspaper editorial may be coming to an end. I have mixed feelings about that. But for now, there's another election coming up, and another batch of candidates to learn more about. The process is always fascinating.
The annual Artists Dinner thrown by Chanel during the Tribeca Film Festival seems to have only grown each year — both in buzz and in security.
Indeed, the block of Spring Street that Balthazar sits on was tightly guarded by police and publicists alike, and word of its celeb-y inhabitants had spread through SoHo, leading the odd passerby to inquire just what was going on over there.
The evening draws artists and actors in town for the festival, and a healthy dose of the young and lanky who just so happen to wear a Chanel dress with ease. “Do I have to walk the carpet because I'm dressed in Chanel?” one such influencer asked a passing photographer. (For the record, the answer was yes, and she was quite happy to oblige.)
Lenny Kravitz was the evening's surprise guest, exciting photographers as he posed for photos with Robert De Niro and Harvey Keitel. Inside the restaurant, Kravitz had Emily Mortimer in giggles as they mingled next to Spike Lee and Keegan-Michael Key. Regulars of the Chanel dinner know where Katie Holmes always sits — in the left back corner, able to watch the evening unfold — and she held court in her banquette as photographers came to her. Jamie Foxx, her rumored paramour and expected guest, was a no-show.
Actors included Jennifer Morrison, Cobie Smulders, Jemima Kirke, Douglas Booth, Bel Powley, Sasha Lane, Suki Waterhouse, Justin Bartha, Maude Apatow, Julia Goldani Telles and more, with La La Anthony, Selah Marley, Anna Ewers, Soo Joo Park, Tali Lennox, Kenya Kinski-Jones, QuestLove and India Menuez rounding things out.
“I'm wearing Chanel shoes and bag, because the dress didn't fit,” Kirke said of her night's look. The new platinum actress — “I have to wear a f–king hair turban at night” — was due later at the screening of her film “Untogether.” So far, Tribeca was suiting her just fine. “It's a little more low-key than other premieres. I don't really go to stuff but it's in New York, so it's a little bit more relaxed for me — or at least it's a vibe that I'm familiar with,” she said.
Lane, naturally, was also dressed by the house. “I kind of wanted to be a little cute and a little bit more proper than usual,” she said. The actress is in town for her film “The Miseducation of Cameron Post,” reuniting her with the cast for the first time since Sundance. When asked what was on her agenda next, she immediately listed the Met Gala.
“And then more press and everything. My movies are releasing, so just press — and then whatever I do in my free time,” she said.
Her look for the first Monday in May is almost complete. “I very much knew what I wanted and my stylist and I were very in sync,” she said. “Everything is looking great.”
The evening honored a handful of artists who contributed original artwork to the festival filmmakers, including Jeff Koons, Ghada Amer, Meghan Boody, Nancy Dwyer, Reza Farkhondeh, Eddie Kang, Stephen Hannock, David Levinthal, Joan Snyder, Tom Sachs, John F. Simon Jr. and Julia Wachtel. And, yes, the fashion gals were excited by such company, but the chance to wear Chanel for a night certainly didn't hurt.
“Usually I don't really want to take off the outfit. So sometimes I might end up having a little bit of a dance party by myself – like, dancing wherever you like to dance. Or that you didn't get to dance,” said Waterhouse, motioning to her yellow and white Chanel tweed skirt suit. “I probably won't take [this] off.”
More from the Eye:
Coachella 2018: Sigrid on Music and Scandinavian Fashion
Yoshiki of X Japan Talks Kimonos, Beethoven and Coachella Debut
EXCLUSIVE: Britney Spears and Epic Rights Partner on Fashion and Lifestyle Merchandise
John McCrea on Creating the West End's Newest Hit: ‘Everybody's Talking About Jamie'
New Delhi: It is just not the government`s business to tell the people what they should eat or drink because it would hurt the tourism industry, NITI Aayog CEO Amitabh Kant said on Friday, amid alcohol prohibition and beef ban diktats in the country.
In an address to the World Economic Forum, Kant also questioned how can tourists visiting India chill out if they are barred from making their eating and drinking choices.
"Indian states can`t get into what a tourist wants to eat and drink. Just not possible. What he wants to eat and drink is an individual`s business and not the state`s business," he said.
The remarks come a month after Union Tourism Minister KJ Alphons advised foreigners visiting the country that they should eat beef at home and then come to India.
Kant was asked about his views on states banning beef and alcohol with Gujarat, Bihar, Nagaland and Manipur already dry states and Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Kerala and Daman announcing plans to ban liquor sales.
"I have been a long-term believer on a couple of things. Tourism is essentially civilisational in character, you can`t have garbage and filth and say that we have great heritage sites. So, India must focus on cleanliness. It is number one. Number-2 it's about the seamless experience.
"I have said it all the time that for a tourist...It's about creating experiences.
"In the evening he wants to relax and he wants to chill out and therefore you need to create that evening experience for (him) in terms of Indian culture."
