Amazon has revealed a big discount on its Amazon Music Unlimited streaming service - get four months of music for 99p.
The offer is to celebrate Amazon Prime Day, which kicks off on Monday 16 July. However, we've heard that the Music Unlimited deal will go on past Amazon Prime Day, ending at the end of the month.
Amazon's answer to Spotify, Amazon Music Unlimited offers over 40 million songs to stream on multiple devices, including the company's own Echo speakers. Naturally, you can download tracks to listen to offline on smartphones or tablets.
Normally, an Amazon Music Unlimited subscription costs £7.99 a month or £79 for a whole year if you are an Amazon Prime member too (£9.99 if not). You can also get an Echo-only subscription for £3.99 a month, which means you can only listen to songs on a specific Amazon Echo device, or you can pay £14.99 a month (or £149 for a whole year) for a family plan that covers up to six family members.
But forget about that for the moment - get four months of access for 99p right now - saving you at least £31.96.
The chamber passed the bipartisan sanctions legislation 97-2. The measure has been attached to a bill imposing penalties on Iran that the Senate is currently debating and also has strong support.
Lawmakers are taking action against Russia in the absence of a forceful response from President Donald Trump. The president has sought to improve relations with Moscow and rejected the implication that Russian hacking of Democratic emails tipped the election his way.
But Trump's secretary of state, Rex Tillerson, says he agrees with members of Congress who want Russia held accountable for its meddling in the 2016 presidential election.
KNOXVILLE, Tenn. (WATE) — Many will be bringing awareness and raising money for suicide prevention this weekend.
The Out of Darkness walk will be held at Victor Ashe Park Saturday at 9:30 a.m.
Organizers hope to raise money for prevention resources for survivors of the recent hurricanes. F
For more information, visit the event's website.
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday said those who have looted the nation and the poor are now not able to sleep peacefully.
Addressing the nation from the Red Fort on Independence Day, he also said that those who own "benami" properties were facing difficult times.
"Soon after the Benami Act was implemented, the government has seized benami properties worth Rs 800 crore," he said.
He said his government had implemented the demand for One Rank One Pension (OROP) for military personnel after it had been kept pending for 30-40 years.
BERLIN (AP) — German airline Lufthansa has struck a deal to solve a bitter labor dispute with pilots that over five years has cost it an estimated half a billion dollars and more than a dozen strikes.
The airline, Germany's largest, and the Cockpit union said Wednesday they'd agreed upon an arbitrator's proposal for a new wage agreement for some 5,400 pilots.
The company said it agreed to a four-stage 8.7 percent total wage increase, and a one-off 30 million euro ($31.7 million) payment that would translate to some 5,000 euros to 6,000 euros per employee.
The new agreement will be in place until the end of 2019.
Cockpit spokesman Markus Wahl said that the union's negotiators had agreed with the proposal, but that it would be up to the union membership to sign off before it was final.
Cockpit had sought raises of 3.66 percent a year going back 5½ years.
The labor strife between the two sides had been going on since 2012, with the union staging a total of 14 strikes costing Lufthansa some 500 million euros, the dpa enws agency reported.
The two sides agreed to arbitration in December.
Despite agreeing upon the arbitrator's wage proposal, dpa reported several other labor issues remain open, such as pensions and transitional payments for employees and that more strikes remain possible.
Noted aviator and actor Harrison Ford flew his private plane over a jet airliner on the ground at a Southern California airport Monday. It's not the first time the Star Wars and Indiana Jones star has had problems landing.
The 74-year-old Ford was instructed to land on a runway at Orange County's John Wayne Airport but mistakenly landed on a parallel taxiway, passing over a Boeing 737 carrying 110 passengers and six crew members.
On a recording, Ford asked air traffic controllers, "Was that airliner meant to be underneath me?" according to NBC News, which first reported the incident.
Federal Aviation Administration spokesman Ian Gregor said the pilot heard and read back the correct landing instructions, according to The Associated Press. Gregor did not confirm it was Ford who was piloting the plane, a single-engine Aviat Husky. The AP reports that he didn't say how close Ford's plane came to hitting the jet on the ground.
No one was injured and the jet, American Airlines Flight 1456, took off for Dallas shortly after without incident.
The FAA is now investigating, which "could result in a simple warning letter to a suspension of Ford's pilot's license," NBC reports.
Ford collects vintage planes and has been flying for decades. According to NPR's Russell Lewis, Ford is "a highly-skilled and highly-rated pilot. He's qualified to fly single and twin engine planes, seaplanes, helicopters and he's also an instrument-rated pilot." In 2015, Ford said he owned "eight or nine various types of airplanes," according to NTSB documents posted on AirSafe.com.
Ford reported on a medical certificate application that he had logged at least 5,200 flight hours, according to the NTSB.
He was a 2008 honoree and received the Legends Aviation Legacy Award from Kiddie Hawk Air Academy, and subsequently had an award named after him.
Ford was seriously injured in March 2015 when he crash-landed a restored World War II-era trainer plane on a golf course near the Santa Monica Airport shortly after takeoff. A National Transportation Safety Board report found the crash was caused by a loose engine part.
In 2000, Ford's plane "departed" a runway in Lincoln, Neb., because of a gust of wind, according to AirSafe.com. He was flying a Beechcraft Bonanza which "sustained minor damage," though Ford and his passenger were not injured.
And in 1999 he crash-landed a helicopter during a training flight in Ventura County, near Los Angeles, according to the AP. "Although the helicopter rolled over on its left side, neither Ford nor the instructor were injured," AirSafe.com notes.
Good evening, welcome to Whaleoil Backchat.
You don't have to stay “on topic” in these posts like you do in all others. Feel free to share your own stories, discuss other news or catch up with friends. If you haven't tried it before, signing up for a Disqus account is free, quick, and it is easy.
New commenters should familiarise themselves with our Commenting and Moderation rules. Thank you.
>> Trouble commenting on Whaleoil? Read this first. You can receive free help. Do not email via the Contact Page.
OTTAWA - The Trudeau government's representative in the Senate is attempting to derail a motion aimed at carving the Liberals' proposed infrastructure bank from its broader budget bill, thus delaying its creation.
Peter Harder is calling on the Speaker of the Senate to disallow an independent senator's motion to split the infrastructure financing agency from the Liberals' 300-page budget implementation act.
Harder says the motion is out of order because it would create two financial bills — and he argues that the Senate is constitutionally prohibited from initiating a money bill.
Senate Speaker George Furey will have to rule on Harder's point of order.
Independent Sen. Andre Pratte introduced the motion Wednesday in a bid to allow the upper chamber more time to debate the contentious infrastructure bank proposal.
The government's proposed, $35-billion infrastructure bank has faced considerable scrutiny related to concerns over how it would be governed and the level of risk it could put on the backs of taxpayers.
Pratte has said a number of senators are prepared to support his motion to delay the creation of the bank, which is central to the government's long-term economic plan.
The government designed the infrastructure bank to use public funds as a way to leverage billions more from private investors to pay for new, large-scale projects, such as rail lines, bridges and transit systems.
The lasting impact of two truly revolutionary “White” albums
Peter Schultz
Associate Reporter
February 1, 2018
In 1967, “Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band” single-handedly ruptured the world of pop music. It came as a surprise to many, then, when The Beatles left on a transcendental meditation retreat in India following the success of their psychedelic classic.
A year later, they returned with “White Album,” the cover of which was starkly minimal to directly contrast their last record. When asked to explain the band's sudden spiritual awakening, George Harrison said that the band had all the money they could ever ask for—“But, it isn't love. It isn't health. It isn't peace inside, is it?”
Meanwhile, the members of The Velvet Underground had just dumped Andy Warhol as their manager, ending their fifteen minutes of fame and resigning the band to the seedy underbelly of New York. Guitarist Sterling Morrison, recounting to a Rolling Stone reporter the recording process for their own 1968 album, “White Light/White Heat,” could not sound more dissimilar from Harrison. “Our lives,” he said simply, “were chaos.”
Fifty years on, “White Album” and “WL/WH” now both share deserved spots in the pantheon of classic rock albums. However, the very different contexts that birthed these records is still an important part of the conversation about their legacy.
Sonically, the two represent opposite spectrums of the rock zeitgeist.But spiritually, The Beatles and The Velvet Underground share an artistic core at the center of their work. Context, then, is the key to deciphering the shared creative mindset that produced two of the greatest albums of all time in 1968.
“White Album” is not, by any means, an experimental album. Aside from an avant-garde musique concrete piece, “Revolution 9”—present on the final album largely due to the campaigning of its creator, the ever-grandiloquent John Lennon—every other song is perfectly in line with The Beatles songbook.
What marks it, then, as notably experimental—as opposed to the rest of their near-perfect oeuvre— is its perfection in spite of its context. The elegant pacing and sonic cohesion of their last album is met with equal-but-opposite force here: “Happiness Is A Warm Gun” is a blistering rock ballad, “I'm So Tired” is a gentle number dripping with intricate longing, and “Rocky Raccoon” is a lovely Western ditty set in a Dakota mining town.
These are only examples from disc one of the record—”White Album” is a marathon 30 tracks long.
Throughout the 90-odd minutes and across wildly varying moods, however, The Beatles characteristically never make a misstep. Each song stands alone as a well-constructed, well-written genre piece, but patched together the final product presents a deliberate quiltwork, the sum of which is greater than its parts.
It doesn't hurt that Lennon and Paul McCartney were at the peak of their songwriting careers. While maintaining the impeccable pop sensibilities of their most famous work, “White Album” also managed to set a standard present to this day for lyrical maturity and complex songcraft.
Late album highlight “Cry Baby Cry” effortlessly evokes, in turn, nostalgia, a strong sense of history, and the occult. On brief interlude “Why Don't We Do It in the Road?” McCartney exhibits a more raw lyrical style, distilling a glance of emotion briefly into focus so that it feels like looking through a window right as its shudders close.
By crafting such a bold, unpredictable album, The Beatles moved their sound in a more innovative direction.
Despite being the most commercial group of the time—and likely of all time—they blatantly rejected commercialisation with this release. Conversely, an irreverence towards commercialism was the tenet upon which The Velvet Underground was founded, and their sound is a direct result of this.
Founding member John Cale treated the group as an aural experiment and was determined to push music's boundaries into a new era.
In this regard, he succeeded. The fingerprints of The Velvet Underground, whose forays into pure harsh noise were at their loudest and best on “White Light/White Heat,” are obvious across the punk and garage movements.
The Beatles had the luxury of hit sales to help jumpstart their spiritual journey. For The Velvet Underground and other hard rock musicians, nirvana had to be found elsewhere. Hard drugs were oftentimes an unfortunate escape, but white noise and violent feedback could provide an equally potent bliss. The Velvet Underground partook in both.
The characters that stumble their way across the tight 40-minute runtime of “WL/WH” are strikingly different from the familial bunch that populate “White Album.”
Lou Reed, the band's frontman and main songwriter, often points to outsiders as the stars in his songs: “Lady Godiva's Operation,” the album's centerpiece, is a haunting medical horror tale about a transsexual woman's lobotomy.
Reed alternatively takes her perspective—“Sick with silence, she weeps sincerely/Saying words that have oh so clearly been said/So long ago”—and that of the doctor's assistant—”The patient, it seems, is not so well sleeping/The screams echo up the hall/Don't panic, someone gives him pentathol instantly.”
Moments like these, however, are counterbalanced by the album's sustained dark humor, showcased on the brilliant spoken-word shortstory “The Gift” and on the epic album-closer “Sister Ray.”
Incredibly, “ WL/WH” and “White Album” both pull off the same trick by employing completely opposite means: to change the rock landscape, The Beatles divorced themselves from their surroundings, while The Velvet Underground doubled-down and sunk themselves into their environment.
Today, in a music industry vastly different from that of 1968, the creative boldness that fueled these two records still sounds remarkably fresh. As artistic achievements, these albums mark the high water point for innovation and quality. Here's to another half century.
Contact Peter Schultz at pschultz@scu.edu or call (408) 554-4852.
Neighbors on Manor Road and Lewis Drive might be getting a solution to their horse problem.
After a month of listening to complaints about the welfare of the animals and their smell, the Board of Selectmen has agreed to draft an ordinance that will put an end to the matter.
The three horses in question belong to tenants on Manor Road, and are being kept without shelter on a 1.2-acre property, which includes a driveway and a pool.
Ridgefield livestock zoning laws are broad — written in such a way that three horses may legally be kept in a residential area on land that is less than half an acre, while grouping horses and chickens in the same category.
But that is soon coming to an end.
The board has begun the drafting process, and expects a public hearing to occur sometime in May.
At its April 5 meeting, several selectmen noted that Ridgefield has historically been a horse-friendly town and they don't want that to change.
Hooved friends shall remain welcome, the selectmen agreed, but with some stipulations to ensure their proper care — and the enjoyment of residential communities.
When the founders of Movement Climbing + Fitness, Mike and Anne Moelter, first approached Hank Grant and Justin Riley of Rayback Collective in 2017, they had a vision of a community space like none other in Colorado. The idea was to marry some of Colorado's most beloved activities under one roof — a space where Denver dwellers can stay fit, stay caffeinated, eat, drink, socialize and thrive.
The two businesses are making this a reality by combining their respective concepts under one 50,000-square-foot building in the RiNo neighborhood. The Rayback Collective, opened in 2016, is known as Boulder's first permanent beer garden and food truck park whereas Movement has two rock climbing gyms, one in Boulder and another in Denver.
“Mike and Anne had already purchased the 50,000 square foot building in RiNo when they approached us with the idea of collaborating, and we loved it,” said Grant.
Opening summer of 2018, the location will be one part Movement and one part Rayback which will be called Improper City.
The gym portion will be the largest of Movement Climbing + Fitness's other facilities and will feature a modified bouldering concept as well as more than 50 yoga and fitnesses classes per week for members. For Improper City you'll find a cafe, co-working spaces, an indoor bar, an outdoor beer garden, rotating roster of food trucks and Denver's largest outdoor patio (12,000 square feet) as well as an indoor stage and event area. In addition to the stacked line-up that both Movement and Improper City have planned for the location, the space will also feature live music and art on a weekly basis.
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
“We want people to be able to finish their workout and grab a coffee while also having access to high-quality internet and a co-working space,” expressed Grant. “In Boulder, Rayback is a place for the community to socialize. We host birthday parties, company parties and buyouts so we're hoping to take that energy and transfer it here to Denver.”
Rayback Collective decided to change the name to Improper City based on a story they heard about how an immigrant once described Denver.
“Rose Kingsley was an English immigrant making her way across the plain states,” explained Grant. “She made the statement upon arriving in Denver that it was as if the angels were carrying the city to a proper place, and dropped it here. Denver's just this weird town on the Platte at the base of the Rocky Mountains, and we've been able to keep the city alive and thriving in what some would deem an improper place.”
RiNo is a quirky neighborhood in former industrial Denver, littered with art studios, breweries, coffee shops and funky bars — a place some would say is “improper” in and of itself. For this reason, Grant says, Improper City honors both the present and past of Denver.
“The combination of rock climbing, coffee, pastries, beer, cocktails and a co-working space is an unconventional combination,” said Grant. “Some would even call it improper.”
A chilly windy day wasn't going to keep a large group of eager race fans from what they had been waiting months for. Opening day had arrived. Group 1 divisions took to the track Saturday afternoon at Wiscasset Speedway with a little over 1200 racing enthusiasts huddled in for a day of fun. The Thunder 4 Mini division had the honor of spotlight status for the day. Also in action were the ServPro of Biddeford Saco Prostocks, Maxwell's MArket Super Streets, and Cahill Tire 4-cylinder Pros.
The Thunder 4's lined up for their 35 lap feature with Michael Golding of Pownal and Wiscasset's Noah Haggett on the front row. The two put on a good early battle with Haggett leading the way until a lap 8 caution. On the ensuing restart, Haggett had shifting problems and dropped 8 positions by the time he got up to full speed on the backstretch. That's all Golding needed as he ran out to a full straightaway lead by the halfway point of the race. Behind him, several drivers including Caleb Emerson Mains, Cameron Campbell, Travis Poulliot and Brandon Varney battled it out for the remaining two spots in victory lane. Poulliot finally broke into the clear and began to chase down the leader. Over the final 10 laps, Poulliot cut Golding's lead in half. But time ran out and Golding notched the victory. Poulliot settled for the runner-up trophy. Varney pulled in to claim the 3rd, however, he was penalized in post-race inspection, handing the 3rd place finish to Caleb Emerson-Mains. Haggett recovered to finish 4th and Campbell took 5th.
In support action, Dave Farrington Jr of Jay returned to the track where his racing career started 9 years earlier and notched a convincing victory in the 40 lap feature for the ServPro of Biddeford Saco Prostocks. Farrington patiently worked the outside lane and finished the pass on Sidney's Kevin Douglass by lap 15. From there he built up a comfortable cushion and held it to the checkers. It was his 3rd career prostock win at Wiscasset Speedway to go along with a pair of Late Model victories including the 2015 Coastal 200. Wiscasset's Nick Hinkley started 4th and finished 2nd. They were joined in victory lane by Ajay Picard of Palmyra. Douglass and Charlie Colby of Newcastle filled out the top 5. In the 25 lap feature for the Maxwell's Market Super Streets defending champ Josh Bailey took advantage of a slip by polesitter Sean Johnson, took the lead in turn 4 and ran to the feature win. 2017 Rookie of the Year Michael Harrison turned in a personal best 2nd place finish, followed by Johnson. The Cahill Tire 4-cylinder Pros saw 2nd year racer Hayden Norris of West Gardiner hold off challenges from a handful of veterans to pick up his first career win. Ryan Hayes of Jefferson and Larry Melcher of Jay joined him in victory lane, while Jeff Prindall and Craig Dunn rounded out the top 5.
Wiscasset Speedway returns to action Saturday, April 28th at 2:00 pm for Group 2 opening day. The show will feature action in the Wood Pellet Warehouse Late Models, the Norms Used Cars Strictly Streets, the K&A Property Services Modifieds, and the Kennebec Equipment Rental Outlaw Minis. The Amsoil Nelcar Legends Series will also make their first of seven appearances of the 2018 season. Pit gates will open at 10:00 am, Grandstand gate at 12:00noon, and the green flag will fly on the action at 2:00 pm. Admission is just $5 for the grandstand with kids 6&under free. Pitside admission is $20. For more information, go to www.wiscassetspeedway.com.
WISCASSET SPEEDWAY OFFICIAL RESULTS 4/21/18
THUNDER 4 MINIS (35 laps – spotlight feature)
Pos No. Name Home Town Laps Diff Gap
1 26 Michael Golding Pownal 35
2 16 Travis Poulliot China 35 1.697 1.697
3 4E Calab Emerson – Mains Richmond 35 15.609 0.638
4 54 Noah Haggett Wiscasset 35 16.273 0.664
5 4x Cameron Campbell New Gloucester 35 16.507 0.234
6 58 David Greenleaf Brunswick 35 23.749 7.242
7 25jr Brian Burr Brunswick 35 33.521 9.772
8 14 Brandon Lizotte Lebanon 34 1 Lap 1 Lap
9 1 Brandon Varney Auburn 35 14.971 13.274
10 13 Ryan Soule Union 33 2 Laps 1 Lap
11 5 Jim Emmons Lebanon 33 2 Laps 16.119
12 7 Howard Roberts Jay 19 16 Laps 14 Laps
13 84 Spencer Sweatt Albion 3 32 Laps 16 Laps
14 03 Trystan Shea Richmond 3 32 Laps 2.43
DNS 30 Keith Rankin Pittson dns
DNS 17 Randy Pimpare Acton dns
.
.
MAXWELL'S MARKET SUPER STREETS (25 laps)
Pos No. Name Home Town Laps Diff Gap
1 2 Josh Bailey Wiscasset 25
2 85 Michael Harrison Durham 25 0.489 0.489
3 9 Sean Johnson Oakland 25 0.772 0.283
4 23 Mike Hodgkins Jefferson 25 0.938 0.166
5 06 Zac Poland Wiscasset 25 1.225 0.287
6 54 Neil Evans Jr. Brunswick 25 9.56 8.335
7 30 Cory Creamer Randolph 25 10.102 0.542
8 48 Dan Nessmith Wiscasset 25 13.096 2.994
9 8 Bouncer Knight Jay 25 15.28 2.184
10 24 David Thompson Jefferson 25 15.546 0.266
11 55 Bob Crocker Freeport 23 2 Laps 2 Laps
12 1 Jeff Davis Woolwich 7 18 Laps 16 Laps
.
.
CAHILL TIRE 4-CYLINDER PROS (25 laps)
Pos No. Name Home Town Laps Diff Gap
1 03 Hayden Norris Gardiner 25
2 17 Ryan Hayes Jefferson 25 0.652 0.652
3 41m Larry Melcher Jay 25 1.548 0.896
4 24 Jeff Prindall Lisbon 25 1.75 0.202
5 8 Craig Dunn Strong 25 2.002 0.252
6 01 Jet Decker Chesterville 25 3.012 1.01
7 70 Taylor Lane Phillips 25 3.7 0.688
8 14 Nicole Benincasa Buxton 25 4.369 0.669
9 42 Mike Kibbins South China 25 4.967 0.598
10 05 Dominic Curret n/a 25 5.032 0.065
11 00 PJ Merrill Canton 25 7.877 2.845
12 12 Max Rowe Turner 2 23 Laps 23 Laps
.
.
SERVPRO OF BIDDEFORD SACO PROSTOCKS (40 laps)
Pos No. Name Home Town Laps Diff Gap
1 23 David Farrington Jay 40
2 15 Nick Hinkley Wiscasset 40 3.318 3.318
3 99 Ajay Picard Palmyra 40 4.921 1.603
4 18 Kevin Douglass Sidney 40 8.245 3.324
5 72 Charlie Colby Newcastle 40 8.479 0.234
6 29 Kevin Morse Woolwich 40 8.663 0.184
7 84 Jamie Wright Woolwich 40 9.875 1.212
8 25 Barry Poulin Clinton 40 13.143 3.268
9 21 James Barker Jay 39 1 Lap 1 Lap
10 2 Chris Ryan Newburgh 39 1 Lap 0.351
11 6 Travis Dunbar Auburn 39 1 Lap 8.353
12 02 Shane Lane North Anson 39 1 Lap 1.88
13 5 Phil Richardson Hermon 27 13 Laps 12 Laps
14 05 James Osmond Thomaston 2 38 Laps 25 Laps
dns 97 Travis Lovejoy Hollis dns
Sources: Ken Minott/Wiscasset Speedway PR
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Where and when: Gresty Road, Saturday October 7.
Nickname: The Boro.
Founded: 1976.
Manager: Darren Sarll.
The lowdown: Stevenage are looking to build on a positive 2016-17, in which they missed the play-offs by three points, and they have made a very decent start.
Their third win on the spin came at the expense of Port Vale on Saturday, and they have only conceded one goal in that time.
Team news: Crewe are expected to pick from the same pool of fit players, with James Jones, George Ray and Ryan Wintle still out.
Stevenage are expected to name the same side that won three on the spin, before Sarll made 10 changes for their midweek Checkatrade Trophy game.
David Artell says: "I pick a team and formation to win a game. It is not a raffle and there is a lot of thinking that goes into it. We assess our strengths and their weaknesses and make sure we always give ourselves the best chance of winning."
Darren Sarll says: "There has been a lot of progress and it has been a decent start for us. We are still very disappointed about the points we dropped against Lincoln and Swindon because of the manner but we are pleased overall."
One to watch: Striker Dan Newton has proved a big hit since signing from non-league Tamworth in the summer.
The 26-year-old has made the step up to the Football League with ease, firing six goals so far, and the man in form will be keen to continue his scoring momentum.
Last meeting: Stevenage emerged a 2-1 winners after a bad-tempered clash at Gresty Road in February. Chris Dagnall and Boro keeper Jamie Jones were sent off, but a James Jones penalty proved a mere consolation for the hosts after earlier strikes from Matt Godden and Fraser Franks.
Memory Lane: Crewe have only won one in eight meetings with Stevenage. They drew 2-2 draw at Broadhall Way in 2012 when AJ Leitch-Smith netted twice in the first 10 minutes but Luke Freeman got one back before loan man Chuks Aneke was red-carded. Robin Shroot completed the Boro comeback..
Tickets: On sale from Gresty Road in advance and on the day, prices range from: Adults (£22-£20), senior citizens and disabled (£17–£15.50), 12-16 years (£10.50-£9.50), U11s (6.50-£6).
An international team of scientists has confirmed the discovery of a major cause of dementia, with important implications for possible treatment and diagnosis.
Professor Garth Cooper from The University of Manchester, who leads the Manchester team, says the build-up of urea in the brain to toxic levels can cause brain damage - and eventually dementia.
The work follows on from Professor Cooper's earlier studies, which identified metabolic linkages between Huntington's, other neurodegenerative diseases and type-2 diabetes.
The team consists of scientists from The University of Manchester, the University of Auckland, AgResearch New Zealand, the South Australian Research and Development Institute, Massachusetts General Hospital and Harvard University.
The latest paper by the scientists, published today in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, shows that Huntington's Disease - one of seven major types of age-related dementia - is directly linked to brain urea levels and metabolic processes.
Their 2016 study revealing that urea is similarly linked to Alzheimer's, shows, according to Professor Cooper, that the discovery could be relevant to all types of age-related dementias.
The Huntington's study also showed that the high urea levels occurred before dementia sets in, which could help doctors to one day diagnose and even treat dementia, well in advance of its onset.
Urea and ammonia in the brain are metabolic breakdown products of protein. Urea is more commonly known as a compound which is excreted from the body in urine. If urea and ammonia build up in the body because the kidneys are unable to eliminate them, for example, serious symptoms can result.
Professor Cooper, who is based at The University of Manchester's Division of Cardiovascular Sciences, said: "This study on Huntington's Disease is the final piece of the jigsaw which leads us to conclude that high brain urea plays a pivotal role in dementia.
"Alzheimer's and Huntington's are at opposite ends of the dementia spectrum - so if this holds true for these types, then I believe it is highly likely it will hold true for all the major age-related dementias.
"More research, however, is needed to discover the source of the elevated urea in HD, particularly concerning the potential involvement of ammonia and a systemic metabolic defect.
"This could have profound implications for our fundamental understanding of the molecular basis of dementia, and its treatability, including the potential use of therapies already in use for disorders with systemic urea phenotypes."
Dementia results in a progressive and irreversible loss of nerve cells and brain functioning, causing loss of memory and cognitive impairments affecting the ability to learn. Currently, there is no cure.
The team used human brains, donated by families for medical research, as well as transgenic sheep in Australia.
Manchester members of the team used cutting-edge gas chromatography mass spectrometry to measure brain urea levels. For levels to be toxic urea must rise 4-fold or higher than in the normal brain says Professor Cooper.
He added: "We already know Huntington's Disease is an illness caused by a faulty gene in our DNA - but until now we didn't understand how that causes brain damage - so we feel this is an important milestone.
"Doctors already use medicines to tackle high levels of ammonia in other parts of the body Lactulose - a commonly used laxative, for example, traps ammonia in the gut. So it is conceivable that one day, a commonly used drug may be able to stop dementia from progressing. It might even be shown that treating this metabolic state in the brain may help in the regeneration of tissue, thus giving a tantalising hint that reversal of dementia may one day be possible."
###
Prof Cooper is available for interview
Professor Cooper expresses his thanks to all the families of patients with Huntington's disease in New Zealand who so generously supported this research through the donation of brain tissue to the Neurological Foundation of New Zealand Douglas Human Brain Bank in the Centre for Brain Research.
This work was supported by the CHDI Foundation (A-8247) and Brain Research New Zealand.
The paper 'Brain urea increase is an early Huntington's disease pathogenic event observed in a prodromal transgenic sheep model and HD cases' is available on request
Other Manchester-based scientists who made important contributions are Dr Stefano Patassini and Dr Jingshu Xu.
Relevant papers include:
Graded perturbations of metabolism in multiple regions of human brain in Alzheimer's disease: Snapshot of a pervasive metabolic disorder. Biochimica et Biophysica Acta (2016)
Identification of elevated urea as a severe, ubiquitous metabolic defect in the brain of patients with Huntington's disease. Biochemical and Biophysical Research Communications (2015)
Metabolite mapping reveals severe widespread perturbation of multiple metabolic processes in Huntington's disease human brain. Biochimica et Biophysica Acta (2016)
Elevation of brain glucose and polyol-pathway intermediates with accompanying brain-copper deficiency in patients with Alzheimer's disease: metabolic basis for dementia. Scientific Reports (2016)
Evidence for widespread, severe brain copper deficiency in Alzheimer's dementia. Metallomics. (2017)
Proteomic Analysis of the Human Brain in Huntington's Disease Indicates Pathogenesis by Molecular Processes Linked to other Neurodegenerative Diseases and to Type-2 Diabetes. Journal of Huntington's Disease (2013)
Proteomic analysis of the brain in Alzheimer's disease: Molecular Phenotype of a complex disease process. Proteomics (2001)
Anyone with queries about Alzheimers should contact The Alzheimer's Research Society on 0300 111 5555 or visit https:/ / www. alzheimersresearchuk. org/
Anyone with queries about Huntington's Disease should contact The Huntington's Disease Association on 0151 331 5444 or visit https:/ / www. hda. org. uk
For media enquires contact:
Mike Addelman
Media Relations Officer
Faculty of Biology, Medicine and Health
University of Manchester
0161 275 2111
07717 881567
michael.addelman@manchester.ac.uk
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
James Shanahan is hoping that his Light Blues can end the season on a high ahead of their match against the Navy on Wednesday night.
A year's hard work culminated in a Varsity Match win in December, but it has been a disjointed Lent term so far for Cambridge.
A litany of injuries to key members of the squad, as well as the absence of captain Charlie Amesbury, has meant that Shanahan has had to bring in members of the Sixties and Twenties, fielding vastly different squads for each of the matches so far this term.
The starting XV this week is more experienced including 13 Blues, with the notable return of Daniel Dass in the back-row after he missed out of last week's game.
And, with places up for grabs in the squad for next year as players depart, Shanahan is urging those coming in to live up to the standards the current crop has set.
He said: “This term has been really disjointed as we've had so many injuries. Last year we certainly had greater availability so, as a team, probably developed a bit more.
“We're still trying to see out the year the best we can though. We've definitely got a more experienced team out than last week and some of the boys won't pull on the shirt again, but are in a lucky position of being Blues winners.
“They're leaving the shirt behind in a great place and it's up to those coming in to match that.”
Despite the lack of cohesion in the team, there have been some notable performances from the young players who have made the step up or members of the squad who have been given a bit more game time.
Ed Loftus, Matt Watson, Chris Bell and Joe Story were among the ones singled out by Shanahan, but most of the players who have made an appearance have looked comfortable against physical opponents in the Army and RAF.
Shanahan believes these appearances, while being earlier than perhaps anticipated, will be good for the Light Blues in the long run.
He said: “We lack a bit of depth, but there are a lot of players who have made the step up and have been blooded that we weren't expecting to be, so that's encouraging for next year.
“We've played some good rugby this term. The first half against Army was the best of any team I have had at Cambridge, and we were really good for 60 minutes against the Penguins. We just never adapted against the RAF last week, and let them get at us for 35 minutes before we woke up.
“They (the Navy) will be another physical team and that's where the game will be won.”
April 6 PriceSmart Inc
* PriceSmart announces second quarter results of operations and march sales
* Q2 earnings per share $0.90
* Q2 revenue $793.3 million versus I/B/E/S view $798.1 million
* Q2 earnings per share view $0.92 -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S
* PriceSmart - For four weeks ended April 2, comparable net warehouse club sales for 38 warehouse clubs open at least 13-1/2 full months increased 2.9%
* PriceSmart Inc - For month of March 2017, net warehouse club sales increased 5.3% to $239.9 million, from $227.8 million in March a year earlier Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
In an exclusive interview to Zee media, Finance Minister Arun Jaitley on Saturday defended his Budget and stated that he has tried to give maximum relief to the salaried class.
Here are the top highlights of what he said in the interview-
- Salaried class is honest in paying their taxes. I tried to give relief to salaried class with my Budget. I have given several benefits to salaried class in the past three years and this time also, I have increased the deductions for their benefit.
- There are three sections - one that is privileged and can do things for others, the other is one that has worked hard to fulfill his aspirations, and then the third section is one that is underprivileged. Our policies need to revolve around this concept.
- Ayushman Bharat is a huge step towards dealing with the depreciation of healthcare facility. This needs work and a proper framework, so it will be rolled out next year.
- I want petrol, diesel to come under the ambit of GST from the next year but it depends on a lot of factors.
- Simultaneous election is a political issue, linking it with Budget is just politics.
SHANGHAI (AP) — Volkswagen, Europe's biggest automaker, plans to launch its first pure-electric car in China next year as Beijing steps up pressure on the industry to promote alternatives to gasoline.
The announcement Tuesday comes on the eve of the Shanghai auto show, which showcases industry efforts to create electric models with consumer appeal. General Motors Co.'s Buick unit and Ford Motor Co. also have announced new electric vehicles for China this year.
The VW model will be the first in a range of electric vehicles in China, said Jochem Heizmann, head of VW's China unit. It is due to be produced under a new brand name with a local partner, state-owned Jianghuai Automotive Corp.
“This will be a new cooperation on pure battery cars,” said Heizmann. “Our challenging target is to come, already next year in 2018, to the market with the first car.”
Advertisement
China has the world's most aggressive electric car goals. Communist leaders are promoting them to clean up smog-choked cities and in hopes of taking the lead in an emerging technology.
Regulators have jolted the industry with a proposal to require electrics to account for at least 8 percent of each brand's production by next year.
At the auto show, the global industry's biggest marketing event of the year, almost every global and Chinese auto brand is showing at least one electric concept vehicle, if not a market-ready model.
Heizmann said VW, which vies with GM for the title of China's top-selling automaker, expects annual sales of at least 400,000 “new energy vehicles” — the government's term for electric or gasoline-electric hybrids — by 2020 and 1.5 million by 2025.
The plan to create a new brand for the VW-Jianghuai partnership follows an approach taken by Mercedes-Benz, GM and Nissan Motor Co. Foreign brands are under pressure from Chinese regulators to help local partners create indigenous brands.
Despite government subsidies and other encouragement, electric cars have yet to catch on with China's driving public due to concern about their limited range. Most Chinese automakers sell plug-in battery models but their range is usually no more than 120 to 150 kilometers (75 to 95 miles) — too little to attract most buyers.
Sales of electric and gasoline-electric hybrids fell 4.4 percent from a year earlier to 55,929 vehicles while sales of SUVs rose 21 percent to 2.4 million.
Heizmann said the industry needs to find a way to create electric models that appeal to consumers. He said VW was trying to do that by developing vehicles for different market segments.
“You have to achieve cars which are competitive,” he said.
To encourage foreign automakers to help develop China's electric vehicle industry, regulators have allowed them to form additional joint ventures with local partners on top of the two that are allowed for traditional gasoline-powered vehicles.
That allowed Volkswagen to create its partnership with Jianghuai alongside ventures with two other state-owned automakers.
Heizmann said foreign manufacturers also are no longer required to hand over electric technology to Chinese partners. He said VW's venture with Jianghuai involves jointly developing the product.
“We will be fast. We will use their technology. We will put in some of our own technology and experience,” he said.
Heizmann said Volkswagen's luxury unit, Audi, is coming to market with a plug-in electric version of its A6 sedan that can go 50 kilometers (35 miles) on one charge.
In its next stage of development, VW plans to produce a version of its Golf for China with a 300 kilometer (185 mile) range, Heizmann said. He said plans then call for vehicles designed from scratch for pure-electric propulsion with a range of 500 kilometers (300 miles) or more.
Beijing also is steadily tightening fuel efficiency and emissions standards, which Heizmann said are on track to become the world's most stringent. He said that will narrow the “cost gap” between electrics and gasoline by requiring more expensive technology for internal combustion while batteries should get cheaper.
At the same time, Heizmann said Volkswagen and its Audi and Skoda brands also are aggressively promoting SUVs. He said the brands plan to roll out a total of 10 new locally produced SUVs over the next two years.
Andy Steves — son of guidebook writer, tour operator and PBS show host Rick Steves — is offering his own brand of travel advice and recommendations for a new generation in the second edition of “Andy Steves' Europe: City-Hopping on a Budget” (Avalon Travel, 376 pp., $19.99).
Steves is conscious not only of budget constraints for younger travelers, but also their time constraints. With only two or three weeks of vacation, they're likely to hop from city to city rather than immerse themselves in one destination.
The book also includes a section on technology. Steves encourages travelers to use their cellphones as tools, including the live translation services of Google Translate. He suspends his U.S. service for whatever time he'll be away, then gets a SIM card, a local number and data from local providers abroad so he can easily check museum hours, find good places to eat or make reservations.
David Stewart, organiser of the Lizard Festival, presented a cheque for £550 to the Buchan Renal Unit.
He is pictured with Vickie Bruce, dialysis patient with HCSW Yvonne Buchan looking on.
The festival at the Tufted Duck raised £2,200 and the Buchan Renal Unit was one of four charities that received a share of the money.
Senior Charge Nurse, Linda Willows, said: “ I would like to thank all the people who continually give generously to the Buchan Renal Unit to ensure that our patients have the best equipment and comforts whilst they endure their treatment locally.
By The Associated Press
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE Atlantic Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Tampa Bay 29 21 6 2 44 110 74 Toronto 31 20 10 1 41 106 88 Boston 27 14 9 4 32 78 75 Montreal 31 13 14 4 30 85 99 Detroit 29 11 13 5 27 80 97 Florida 29 11 14 4 26 88 104 Ottawa 28 9 12 7 25 77 98 Buffalo 29 7 17 5 19 62 99 Metropolitan Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Columbus 30 19 10 1 39 86 73 Washington 30 18 11 1 37 94 88 New Jersey 29 16 9 4 36 89 91 N.Y. Islanders 29 16 10 3 35 105 99 Pittsburgh 31 16 12 3 35 93 102 N.Y. Rangers 29 16 11 2 34 98 87 Carolina 28 11 10 7 29 78 88 Philadelphia 29 11 11 7 29 83 86 WESTERN CONFERENCE Central Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA St. Louis 30 20 8 2 42 101 76 Nashville 29 18 7 4 40 95 84 Winnipeg 30 17 8 5 39 102 86 Dallas 30 16 13 1 33 89 89 Minnesota 28 14 11 3 31 83 84 Chicago 29 13 11 5 31 87 81 Colorado 28 13 13 2 28 90 94 Pacific Division GP W L OT Pts GF GA Los Angeles 31 20 8 3 43 97 68 Vegas 29 19 9 1 39 103 91 San Jose 28 16 10 2 34 76 65 Calgary 30 16 12 2 34 88 94 Vancouver 30 14 12 4 32 81 85 Anaheim 30 12 11 7 31 80 89 Edmonton 30 12 16 2 26 86 99 Arizona 32 7 20 5 19 74 111
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Saturday's Games
St. Louis 6, Detroit 1
Edmonton 6, Montreal 2
Colorado 7, Florida 3
Tampa Bay 4, Winnipeg 3, OT
Columbus 1, Arizona 0
Boston 3, N.Y. Islanders 1
Toronto 4, Pittsburgh 3
N.Y. Rangers 5, New Jersey 2
Vegas 5, Dallas 3
San Jose 5, Ottawa 0
Calgary 4, Vancouver 2
Los Angeles 3, Carolina 2, OT
Sunday's Games
Toronto 1, Edmonton 0
Arizona at Chicago, 7 p.m.
Buffalo at St. Louis, 7 p.m.
Minnesota at San Jose, 9 p.m.
Monday's Games
Colorado at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Dallas at N.Y. Rangers, 7 p.m.
Washington at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
Florida at Detroit, 7:30 p.m.
Vancouver at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Carolina at Anaheim, 10 p.m.
Tuesday's Games
Edmonton at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Ottawa at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Toronto at Philadelphia, 7 p.m.
Colorado at Washington, 7 p.m.
Los Angeles at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
Calgary at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
Tampa Bay at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Florida at Chicago, 8:30 p.m.
Carolina at Vegas, 10 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
Dallas at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
N.Y. Rangers at Ottawa, 7 p.m.
Boston at Detroit, 8 p.m.
Nashville at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
April 24 (UPI) -- The Senate unanimously confirmed Lt. Gen. Paul Nakasone to lead the National Security Agency and U.S. Cyber Command on Tuesday.
Nakasone was President Donald Trump's nominee to replace Navy Adm. Mike Rogers, who announced his retirement from the dual role in February.
The Senate used a process called "hotline" for Nakasone's confirmation, which speeds up the voting process for a nominee considered non-controversial.
Prior to taking over as director of the NSA and Cyber Command, Nakasone was head of U.S. Army Cyber Command. He previously served in positions at the NSA and Cyber Command and he has been praised by both Democrats and Republicans for his experience in the field, The Hill reported.
His new job will come with a fourth star, a promotion after the Trump administration put Cyber Command on the same level as Central Command.
ATHENS, Ga. (AP) - Duke played like a championship contender, especially on defense, in a lopsided win over Georgia.
The Blue Devils will soon learn if they're a legitimate threat to the title. UConn awaits.
Leaonna Odom scored 16 points and fifth seed Duke's defense was dominant, holding fourth seed Georgia to two second-quarter points in a 66-40 women's NCAA Tournament second-round win on Monday night.
Lexie Brown and Erin Mathias each had 14 points for Duke (24-8), which will play UConn in the Albany Regional on Saturday. UConn has won four of the last five titles, 11 overall, and entered this year's tournament as the top seed.
Duke coach Joanne P. McCallie said her team will have to cut down on turnovers "and love the fact we have the opportunity to play the best team in the country, the team that has dominated women's basketball.
"That is a great opportunity, to really compete and get after it. That is pretty special and this team has earned it."
The win over Georgia should boost the Blue Devils' confidence for the biggest test against UConn. McCallie wasn't happy with her team's 21 turnovers, but she couldn't deny it was "a great defensive game for our team."
Georgia (26-7) made only 1 of 19 shots in the second period.
Unable to solve Duke's zone defense, the Lady Bulldogs set season lows for fewest points in a period and game and lowest field-goal percentage (24.0) in a game.
"They live and die by their zone defense, and today they lived by it," said Georgia guard Haley Clark.
The Lady Bulldogs missed their first 13 3-pointers before Simone Costa sank a 3 midway through the final period.
"We had a game plan and we really stuck to it," said Duke guard Rebecca Greenwell, who had 11 points. "We wanted to keep the paint tight. We knew that was their tendency."
The shooting woes even carried over to the free-throw line, where the Lady Bulldogs made only 7 of 14 shots.
Caliya Robinson led Georgia with 11 points and 12 rebounds. No other Georgia player had more than five points.
After a sluggish start in the first quarter, when it was slowed by nine turnovers, Duke took advantage of Georgia's cold shooting. After leading 15-12 following the first 10 minutes, the Blue Devils outscored Georgia 20-2 for a commanding 35-14 halftime advantage.
Georgia missed its first 13 shots of the second period. Que Morrison ended the drought, but not the scoring problems, with her layup with 2:34 remaining in the period. Overall, Georgia made only 1 of 19 shots in the period.
BIG PICTURE:
Duke: The Blue Devils are 4-0 against Georgia in NCAA Tournament games. Odom, who scored a career-high 25 points in the first-round win over Belmont, had only four points in the first half before scoring 10 points in the third period. ... The Blue Devils had 9 turnovers in the first quarter after having eight for the game in their 72-58 first-round win over Belmont.
Georgia: The Lady Bulldogs' previous low for points in a quarter this season was five in a win at Florida on Jan. 28. ... Engram and Haley Clark each played the full 10 minutes of the fast-tempo first quarter in which the Lady Bulldogs played strong defense with four steals and forcing the nine turnovers. Georgia appeared drained in the second period, perhaps contributing to the flurry of missed shots.
STEALS RECORD
Brown had seven steals, giving her a school-record 115 for the season. Alana Beard had the old Duke record of 114.
"It means a lot," Brown said. "It's a cool record to break."
The seven steals tied for the second-most by a Duke player in the tournament.
UP NEXT
Duke will play UConn, which beat Quinnipiac in the second round on Monday night, on Saturday in the Albany Regional.
News 100: 67-year-old woman murdered in Hauz Khas of Delhi
This is a segment of Zee News which brings to you the latest updates. 67-year-old woman murdered in Hauz Khas of Delhi. Watch this video for more information.
Firefighters extinguishing a car fire on the Hinterland Way at Bangalow.
EMERGENCY services were called to the Hinterland Way at Bangalow this afternoon after a car burst into flames.
The Rural Fire Service's Fires Near Me website says crews were called to the fire just before 3pm.
It is believed the fire is now under control, but drivers are urged to take extra care in the area.
Yahoo Finance‘s Seana Smith and Jared Blikre on Wednesday‘s mid-afternoon rally and the other big headlines moving the markets.
REYKJAVIK, Iceland (AP) — For nine years in a row, the World Economic Forum has ranked Iceland as having the world's smallest gender-equality gap. It has a female prime minister and some of the world's strongest laws on workplace equality and equal pay.
It also has one of Europe's highest per-capita levels of reported rapes, according to statistics agency Eurostat, although legal definitions differ from country to country, complicating comparisons.
A 2010 University of Iceland study found that 30 percent of Icelandic women aged 18 to 80 reported having been physically attacked by a man at least once, including 13 percent who reported suffering rape or attempted rape.
Icelanders are experiencing a stark realization: Equal representation does not, by default, eliminate gender-based violence.
I ran into a friend the other day who was kind enough to ask, “So, how's it going with the kids?”
I pondered that a moment before replying. Long ago, I committed to answering such questions honestly. Thus, you are warned, Darke Countians: If you ask me “How are you doing?” I may respond with the atypical and potentially awkward, “Pretty lousy, actually. But thanks for asking.”
I pondered a moment longer. How IS it going with the kids? I mused. “Pretty good, all in all,” I replied. “But Krista and I are in that season where we're constantly in the car taking kids to a practice or an appointment or an event, and then we go back home and start all over again. I feel like an Uber driver, but without the benefit of getting paid for my time and services.”
Yesterday, for instance, Abby was engaged in two performances of the play “Ella Enchanted.” (She had two on Saturday, and one on Friday night.) I had to drop her off around noon, picked her and a friend up around 3:30 to get them some “lunch,” dropped them back off, and picked her up again after her last performance—around 9:30 p.m. or so. Meanwhile, Luke needed to be dropped off at 11:00 a.m. for a baseball warm-up, which was followed by a noon-time game and a 2:00 p.m. pick up. Selfish beings that we are, Krista and I had a church-related small group meeting from 6:00 – 7:30 p.m.
Daniel, our home-schooled, teen-aged, mildly-autistic-and-extremely-winsome-son, used to be relatively low-maintenance on this score. His swimming lesson and coach-pitch baseball days are behind him (“I'm retired, dad” he occasionally reminds me), and until recently that meant that we rarely needed to cart him to a scheduled event. No longer. He's now involved in a weekly reading group which meets at the Coffee Pot and another gathering which meets regularly at Memorial Hall to discuss a variety of issues related to a variety of vocational, social, and emotional well-being. This is a wonderful development—but one which puts a new strain on our schedules, our organizational skills, and our automobiles. It seems likely that the number and variety of his outside commitments will increase—what then?!
A quick inspection of the interior of my car—which I've owned for less than a year, mind you—is revealing. Gum and candy wrappers are tucked away in door compartments and back seat pockets, an improvement over the days when the amigos were younger and haphazardly dropped them on the floor or seats or wherever it suited their latency-aged fancy. Dirt has already accumulated on the front passenger side floor, courtesy of Luke's baseball cleats and the Greenville Citizen's Baseball League field. An empty McDonald's cup sits by its lonesome in the cup holder in the back seat, a lonely vestige of a hastily eaten meal consumed by Abby (singing related? Theater? Tennis?), I think, while being taxied from one appointment to another. Or was that from a lemonade purchased by Luke or his teammate on the way to the District Science Fair two weekends ago?
Please understand. I am not complaining. I'm glad the kids are relatively active. There are moments when I actually wish they were MORE so. But as far as I'm concerned, Abby's official “I can drive an automobile around Greenville independently” days can't get here fast enough.
Last night Krista briefly walked through the upcoming week with me, master calendar in hand. It's a good thing she does this orally, because I can't make heads-or-tails of her master calendar on my own. Illegible scribbles, cross-outs, arrows and circles everywhere. It obviously makes sense to her, but it looks like a Doctor's script pad filled out in hieroglyphics to me.
“Tim,” she said at one stage, “Wednesday's going to be a challenge. I work that day and obviously you work. I won't get home ‘til 5:30, probably. Luke has an away scrimmage in Ansonia at 5:00. Abby needs to get to Edison State in Piqua for her entrance exam earlier in the afternoon. I think we can get grandma to take care of that. And Daniel and I have our monthly meeting at Memorial Hall at 6:00.”
“Umm, yeah, that'll be a challenge all right,” I offered helpfully. Then I daydreamed of the halcyon days of 3:00 a.m. feedings, diaper changes, and well baby visits. “Maybe we can get an Uber to take Luke up to Ansonia….”
http://www.dailyadvocate.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/34/2018/03/web1_TimSwensenPRINT-1.jpg
By Tim Swensen Virtue & Mischief
Timothy Swensen is the author of the column series Virtue and Mischief. He can be reached at tswensen1@udayton.edu. Viewpoints expressed in the article are the work of the author. The Daily Advocate does not endorse these viewpoints or the independent activities of the author.
Timothy Swensen is the author of the column series Virtue and Mischief. He can be reached at tswensen1@udayton.edu. Viewpoints expressed in the article are the work of the author. The Daily Advocate does not endorse these viewpoints or the independent activities of the author.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
The Cayman Islands Under 15 Boys' National Football team opened the 2017 CONCACAF Under 15 Boys' Championships on Monday, 13 August with a narrow 3-2 victory over Aruba at the IMG Academy in Bradenton, Florida.
Corey Smith was the deciding factor in a tightly contested encounter as he slammed home the winner late in the game after Gunnar Studenhofft had claimed the lead for the Cayman Islands with two first half goals. The game began at a sluggish pace with both teams trying to find their feet in the withering Florida heat. The two debutantes were making their first international appearance in a major youth tournament so a somewhat slow start was expected. The local boys were ‘prodding and poking' as they set to take advantage of their quickness down the flanks with Corey Smith on the left and Jahmai Griffiths commanding the right side. In the 16th minute, Cayman took the lead from a well-worked set play as Gunnar Studenhofft rose high above the Aruba defence to head home the opener from a wonderfully floated corner off the boot of Jonah Sigsworth. In the 25th minute, young Studenhofft added to his and his team's tally as he tapped in Cayman's second goal of the day after Corey Smith did well in getting to the endline and cutting the ball back for his forward to finish. With the two-goal advantage, the local boys comfortably eased into their passing game until the half time whistle sounded.
David Pitcairn and Victor Thompson were brought in at half time for Jahmai Griffiths and Jonah Sigsworth respectively.The second half began much like the first with sluggish and disjointed play and Cayman's failure to find their passing rhythm resulted in Aruba's first goal in the 47th minute. Aruba equalized in the 54 th minute after Cayman's goalkeeper Theo Whiteside pulled off an excellent reflex save from a point blank shot. Unfortunately for the young keeper, the resulting rebound wasn't cleared by his defense and an Aruban forward was quicker to react as he bundled the ball over the line to bring the teams level. With fatigue setting in and both teams obviously tiring in the Florida sun, play significantly deteriorated on both sides of the ball and that resulted in too many fouls being called. In an attempt to change the game back in Cayman's favour, Joshua Small and Jahrion Bodden were introduced for two-goal hero Gunnar Studenhofft and Ciaron Haylock. With the game entering the final 10 minutes, Cayman's Corey Smith gathered a pass from Barry-Dre Tibbetts on his customary left flank and set off on a controlled run passing the flailing right back before blasting a well-placed shot into the far corner for the winner.
With the final whistle sounding not long after Smith's winner, the Cayman Islands'bench erupted with cheers and ‘fist pumps' as the young team sealed their first international victory.
Following the all-important win, Head Coach Bruce Sigsworth said, “We started the game well and were deserving of the two-goal lead. Unfortunately, we relaxed too much and allowed Aruba back into the game. Following the equalizer, the boys dug deep and were able to pull it out late in the game. It was definitely a valuable learning experience and one I hope they will learn from as we prepare for the two remaining games in the group. It was gratifying to win our first official international game and we can only get better.”
The Cayman Islands face Saint Martin on Tuesday, 15 August in Group G.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
Chinese smartphone vendor, Xiaomi as promised, will start rolling out the Android Nougat based MIUI 8.2 Stable update for some of their smartphones. The company was testing the update on some phones from December.
As of now, the Xiaomi Mi 5 is the only phone that received the stable MIUI 8.2 update and the other phones such as Xiaomi Mi Max, Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 were updated with a beta build.
Also Read: Meizu announces its new smartphone the Meizu M5s
Xiaomi announced the news officially on their MIUI forums saying that the following phones will receive the update first: Mi Max, Mi Max Prime, Mi 4i, Mi 3, Mi 4, Mi Note, Redmi 1S, Redmi Note 4G.
Many people will be wondering about the absence of Redmi Note 4 and Redmi Note 3 from the list. Don't worry. Xiaomi is working hard on providing a bugless software experience, and the update for these phones will be pushed after the first batch.
Nevertheless, the update is a Global one, and anyone with the above-mentioned phones can update their phone to the latest OS. Xiaomi also claimed that they would be releasing the Chinese ROM as well tomorrow.
SOURCE
New Delhi: In a first, the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) announced on Tuesday that India will host Afghanistan for a historic Test series next year.
Afghanistan's tour will be part of India's home series in the 2018-19 calendar and shows the growing bond between not just the two countries but the two cricketing boards as well.
The country - alongwith Ireland - were approved as full members by International Cricket Council (ICC) in June. There were massive celebrations in the country after ICC's decision - especially as it took Afghanistan eight years to move from getting ODI status to getting Test status. Exposure for Afghan cricketers is expected to be the main highlight when they come calling to play against a team which is currently top-ranked in the Test format. Also, while Afghanistan gained full member status only in 2017, India first played a Test in 1932.
The national cricket team of Afghanistan has gone from strength to strength in recent years, and had repeatedly shown the credentials to play in the longest format of the game. The team recently drew an ODI series against West Indies and had defeated Zimbabwe in an ODI series a year earlier.
By The Associated Press
DAYTON, Ohio (AP) — Fire officials say up to 10 infants have been relocated safely away from smoke in a southwest Ohio hospital.
Dayton District Fire Chief James Rose tells the Dayton Daily News that Miami Valley Hospital staffers moved the babies from the Berry Women's Center before firefighters arrived in response to the smoke. He says the smoke came from an overheated motor and that crews were able to clear the smoke with ventilation.
Rose said early Monday that most of the smoke was contained from spreading.
He says there were no injuries.
New Delhi: Australia suffered a massive scare ahead of the first T20I against hosts India as skipper Steve Smith sustained a minor shoulder injury during practice in Ranchi, on Thursday.
During Friday's practice session, Smith took a few throw-downs from Graeme Hick, the batting coach, before making his way back to the hotel. He also had a few discussions with Richard Saw, the squad's doctor, Alex Kountouris, the physio, Mark Waugh, the selector and David Saker.
However, his injury concern doesn't seem to be too serious for it won't keep him out of the Ashes that begins on November 23. A decision on his availability for the contest will be made prior to toss. David Warner is expected to lead the side in his absence.
Additionally, it could see Glenn Maxwell move up in the batting order to allow him more time to take on the Indian attack.
"We're really lucky that we've got a really flexible batting order," wicketkeeper-batsman Tim Paine said.
"Glenn has opened the batting in a few Twenty20s for Australia in the subcontinent and has done really well. But Finchy and Davey Warner are probably two of the better T20 opening batsman in the world so I'd expect they would probably open. But I'm really not sure. It's great that we've got the flexibility and there are a number of guys who could do it," he said.
New Delhi: Defence Minister Arun Jaitley on Monday said that Pakistan continues with its "nefarious activities" of sponsoring cross border terrorism using the Indian territory occupied by it.
Addressing the armed forces in a message on the eve of the 71st Independence Day, he said huge causalties occurred to such terrorists, their supporters and the launch pads during surgical strike by the Indian Army on September 29, 2016.
"Despite our repeated requests to our western neighbour not to use our territory occupied by it not only to train terrorists but also use it as launch pad for pushing these militants into India, such nefarious activities continued. We ran out of patience as these terrorists were not only targeting our Armed Forces but also civilians," Jaitley said.
In his message to Army, Navy, Air Force and Coast Guard personnel through All India Radio, he said that nation is forever indebted to those who laid down their lives protecting it and the Government "will do all that is necessary to keep your morale high and to meet your functional requirements".
Without naming Pakistan or mentioning the ongoing tension between India and China at Doklam, he said that the nation now looks towards its forces to defend its border with all their might "so that all our people sleep in peace tonight so that we all see a new dawn together, tomorrow and to take our country to new heights of peace and prosperity for all our people".
Stressing the nation is indebted to the sacrifices of soldiers, Jaitley said that the Government is committed for their welfare.
He said that the Government has taken a decision on recommendations of the Seventh Central Pay Commission on Allowances, which will benefit 14 lakh Defence Forces personnel.
These include hiking rates of Siachen Allowance for extreme risk and hardship from Rs 14,000 per month to Rs 30,000 per month; and Counter Insurgency Operations Allowance increased from between Rs 3,000 and 11,700 per month to between Rs 6,000 and 16,900 per month.
On the One Rank One Pension scheme, of which benefits started reaching ex-servicemen and families since last year, Jaitley said that government will also look into the anomalies.
He further said that to help create a spirit of respect for our real heroes, the government has launched a campaign to have a 'Wall of Valour' in 1,000 educational institutions across the country.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
In just four days a crowdfunding page set up to cover vet bills for Jaybeth Animal Sanctuary has more than quintupled its original target.
Animal lover Sheena Hester set up a JustGiving page after hearing from friend Amanda Lincoln that the sanctuary, in Haverhill Road, Barnardiston, and owner Carol Harris were in desperate need of a little extra help.
Sheena set up the page on Sunday (June 11) with a target of just £200 but within a couple of hours the target had been smashed and Sheena has now raised more than £1,000.
She said: "I set up a JustGiving page after some people suggested it, it was so easy to do. I set a target of £200 on Sunday but exceeded that really quickly so upped it to £750 and then exceed that again and then by Monday evening we had exceeded the £1,000 mark, it's just amazing really.
"Jaybeth is a special place in my heart, I've got three cats over the years and I always wanted to do more."
Amanda, who has helped organise food donations in the past said she got a call from Carol at the weekend after she took in a dog that was in urgent need of vet treatment.
She said: "Saturday night she [Carol] called in a real tizzy. Carol doesn't ask for help unless she really, really needs it, so for her to ask it would obviously have to be very, very urgent."
Amanda put a plea out on Facebook which is when Sheena stepped in and set up the JustGiving page.
Carol has been running Jaybeth for 40 years and she said she was overwhelmed with the response from the local community.
She said: "It's absolutely amazing!
"It's been 40 years since I opened and I don't think I've had such a big surprise in all the years I have been here.
"It really made me feel so much like we're not on our own. Sometimes it seems a little bit isolating out here, especially in bad weather like last week. It's made me really happy."
"Our long suffering vet has been so good, anything to help, and it's a huge account I have so this funding is a step in the right direction towards helping us with a bill ."
A poorly pup who sparked the plea for help, Buddy, needs investigative x-rays and a possible biopsy for a lump on his sternum but the sanctuary were worried about covering the cost of his treatment. Buddy was originally going to be put down after his owner died without vets investigating his lump, but Carol's intervention means Buddy will get the treatment he needs.
Carol added: "People who have read the crowdfunding page have been turning up with food for the animals and loads of it, which is heartwarming. Sometimes you think 'how am I going to get on?' but people have come forward in their droves."
The sanctuary, run by Carol, who is helped by three regular volunteers, caters for animals of every type, currently Carol has around 20 dogs, 30 cats, some geese, lambs, ponies and an owl.
Carol added: "I don't have Facebook so I can't tell people how great they are - you don't hear much from the dogs!"
Sheena added: "She's been running Jaybeth for 40 years and she never turns any animal away. We just put the word out , people from Haverhill and the surrounding area just bowled over."
Amanda says that despite things hitting rock bottom the animals would never have been in danger of going without.
She said: "Carol would have gone without if it meant she didn't eat, the animals would have done. The animals would not have been in a dire emergency but she would have been."
Carol added that as well as donations she is always looking for volunteers, especially dog walkers.
You can also donate to the JustGiving page here.
After a harrowing escape from the Syrian city of Aleppo and spending three years as refugees in Jordan, Shyesh al-Turki, his wife, and children completed their long journey to Canada last winter. Although he has found safety in his new home, he is unable to qualify for driving jobs.
Shyesh, 40, speaks wistfully of his work as an experienced truck driver before coming to Canada. He drove for years across Syria delivering crops, animals and equipment, and crisscrossed the region through neighbouring Jordan and Lebanon. “As a truck driver, I worked all over and I loved my work very much,” he says. “That's why it hurts me every day that right now I can't drive a truck and provide for my family. My job was so important to me and all I do is sit at home.”
Sunday marked the second anniversary of the first planeload of Syrian refugees arriving on Canadian soil. Despite welcoming them, Ontario's government is preventing refugees such as Shyesh from getting driving jobs to support themselves and their families because of a provincial policy that forces them to wait a year before taking their G driving test.
The International Human Rights Program (IHRP) at the University of Toronto's Faculty of Law is supporting Shyesh's case before the Human Rights Tribunal of Ontario. His case alleges that Ontario's government discriminated against him by effectively excluding experienced drivers from war-torn countries from an exemption to the driving-test waiting period available to other newcomers in Ontario and refugees in other provinces.
Shyesh says numerous employers were interested in hiring him but couldn't because he lacked a G licence. His case is not unique. He is one of hundreds of refugees eager to work but restricted from many jobs by having to wait an extra year to get a full G licence.
Meanwhile, the Canadian trucking industry is struggling significantly to attract new drivers. A change in the Ministry of Transportation's policy would fill the gap and provide more job opportunities for refugees.
In Ontario, all drivers are required to complete the graduated licensing program, which includes a written test and two driving exams. However, the province recognizes that newcomers often have prior driving experience, which applicants can declare for credit toward the graduated program.
Foreign drivers with more than 12 months' experience can provide documentary evidence that they held a valid licence and can jump straight to the second driving test to get their full G licence. This evidence must be a written letter from a licensing agency, embassy, consulate or high commissioner's office of the refugee's country of origin.
However, refugees from war-torn countries often cannot access these documents. In cases of collapsed regimes or civil war, the relevant offices may not exist. Refugees also cannot return to their countries of origin for fear of their lives or of losing their refugee status in Canada.
Other provinces, including Alberta, Manitoba and British Columbia, only ask for further evidence showing past driving experience where the foreign driver's licence lacks information such as issue date, photograph or date of birth. Ontario's government should stop requiring letters authenticating foreign driving experience for refugees and instead rely upon a certified French or English translation of a valid foreign driver's licence, like other provinces.
Revising Ontario's discriminatory policy would have real-world impact on countless refugee families. “Syrian people like to work and we want to give back to Canada, a country that has given us so much already,” says Shyesh. “We want to pay back the generosity of inviting us to build a life here. I want to teach my children the importance of hard work and I want to set a good example as they participate fully in Canadian society. Right now, I can't do that.”
Samer Muscati is the Director of the International Human Rights Program, University of Toronto's Faculty of Law. Petra Molnar is a Lawyer and Research Associate with the Program.
HAPPY DAYS: Commonwealth Games gold medallist Kelsey Cottrell will play for Australia again when they take on England and Wales in July.
HAPPY DAYS: Commonwealth Games gold medallist Kelsey Cottrell will play for Australia again when they take on England and Wales in July. Bradley Kanaris
LAST season's clear No 1 winner, Casino RSM, will face South Lismore when pennants get under way this Saturday with a revamped competition in the top grade.
In this year's Section 1 there are four No 1 sides- two from NRDBA and two from Tweed-Byron. Evans Head will meet Tweed-Byron's Kingscliff in the opener and Ballina will be up against Pottsville.
In Section 2, which comprises four NRDBA sides, Lismore Heights will play East Lismore in addition to the Casino RSM-South Lismore game.
At the end of the competition, the two top grade sectional winners will play off on July 14 for a position at the state finals.
In the other grades No7s have again been split into two sections. There are no byes this season. The final round for most grades will be on June 2.
Youth movement
A NEW-LOOK Australian side, the oldest aged 30, has been chosen for tests in England and Wales in July.
The selection includes our home-grown local product Aaron Teys, 24, now of Warilla.
Say Bowls Australia: "National selectors have opted to trial a new generation of Australian Jackaroos at the next international tour, despite resounding success at the recent Gold Coast 2018 Commonwealth Games.”
Australia scored five gold and two silver medals from the 10 bowls disciplines at the Games.
The current selection of youth is seen as setting the foundations for the next Commonwealth Games in Birmingham, England, in four years. The new-look side will gain experience on the slower English greens.
National coach/selector Steve Glasson said selections in all coming events will have a vision for the future, with Birmingham the primary objective.
The side is - Men: Aaron Wilson, 26, (Cabramatta), Aaron Teys, 24 (Warilla), Corey Wedlock 21 (Cabramatta), Ben Twist, 27 (St Johns Park), Jesse Noronha, 24 (Warilla). Women: Kelsey Cottrell, 27 (St Johns Park), Rebecca van Asch, 30 (Tasmania), Kristine Krstic, 23 (Western Australia), Ellen Ryan, 21, (Cabramatta), Chloe Stewart, 22 (Queensland).
The side will play a test against England on July 1-2 and against Wales on July 6-14.
MY VIEW: ON YOUTH SELECTION
BOWLS officialdom goes out of its way to promote our game as one for all ages.
Sure, oldies can play it but they've got as much chance of representing their country as Bill Shorten has of getting an invite to Malcolm's birthday party.
Take a look at the latest Australian side picked to tour England and Wales. The oldest is 27. Most young bloods of that age are slugging it out on a football field.
I can't believe that in the whole of our country there's not someone aged 40 - or maybe even 50, heaven forbid - worthy of a place in the national side.
Ours is not a physical sport: it can be played long after you've hung up the footy boots.
The television coverage of bowls during the Gold Coast Commonwealth Games showed overseas bowlers who weren't spring chickens. Some with extended girths, they obviously weren't selected to represent their country on youth or looks but on skill.
This selection obsession with youth is depriving many with the required skill of playing for Australia.
Punches thrown?
THEY play it tough down Victoria way. The state body is investigating a punch-up on the Bendigo green in the pennant preliminary final between Bendigo and Eaglehawk that left a bowler "sitting on the green stunned after he was allegedly struck in the face”.
Seems that on one end a bowler, satisfied with the result, hurdled the head to high-five his teammates when he bumped into an opposition player. The bumped one is alleged to have banged him one in the kisser.
The bumper said he'd only pushed the bumpee away, the bumpee insisted he was punched.
There was a 10-minute break. When play resumed, Bendigo won 98-92 to advance to the division one grand final.
Live coverage
OUR game's television showpiece, the Bowls Premier League, has had eight licensed franchised teams from New Zealand and Australia battling it out for the $100,000 purse over the last couple of days.
The tournament has been televised live on Fox Sports for five hours each night, starting last Tuesday and winding up with the final tomorrow.
The current holder of the Cup is the Sydney Lions. The Illawarra Gorillas have Aaron Teys as a second.
The Bowls Premier League expanded over the ditch after six years of competition at Brisbane's Pine Rivers club. The Australian leg will be run later this year.
Bad look
BOWLS Western Australia's advertising includes a wide-angle pic of a green full of ... ugh ... barefoot bowlers, one of whom has delivered a bowl that is still in the air about three metres in front of her.
I've pointed out many times the danger in being bare-footed on poison-treated greens.
Accepting the throwing of a bowl metres might help the drive for new members but at the expense of undoing the greenkeeper's good work.
Rule clarification
SATISFIED with your position in the head and don't want to play your last bowl?
That's okay, but rules gurus say only the last player in an end can elect not to play the last bowl and that decision is final.
The player must tell the opposing skip and it must be done before deciding the number of shots.
ITHACA, N.Y. - When rampant white-tailed deer graze in forests, they prefer to eat native plants over certain unpalatable invasive plants, such as garlic mustard and Japanese stiltgrass. These eating habits lower native plant diversity and abundance, while increasing the proportion of plant communities made up of non-native species, according to a new study.
The findings were published in the open access, online journal AoB Plants. The study pooled data from previous studies conducted at 23 sites across the northeastern U.S.
"Overall, deer reduce community diversity, lowering native plant richness and abundance and benefiting certain invasive plants, showing that deer have a pervasive impact on forest understory plant communities across broad swaths of the eastern U.S.," said Kristine Averill, a research associate in Cornell's Section of Soil and Crop Sciences and lead author of the study.
By altering the balance of native plants in favor of a higher fraction of invasive plants, deer change forest plant ecology. In this way, invasive plants could have a bigger influence on the forest ecosystem and leave fewer opportunities for native animals who depend on the native plants. Such changes in plant community structures also have long-term impacts on forest regeneration, Averill said.
In the study, Averill and colleagues analyzed raw data from previous research. The data came from sites that each had multiple pairs of fenced and unfenced plots, where deer were mostly excluded from fenced plots. "We compared the plant communities where deer were excluded against the communities where they had access," Averill said.
The researchers were surprised to find that the diversity of invasive species - the total number of non-native species - and the total abundance (or land cover) of invasive plants stayed the same in areas where deer grazed and where they were excluded. Since deer find some invasive species unappetizing in favor of more palatable plants, deer indirectly promote the success of these invasives, Averill said.
"The study results suggest we should try to maintain lower deer densities through hunting and fencing if the goals are to support more native plants and foster reduced relative abundance of introduced plants," Averill said.
###
Co-authors include researchers from Cornell, Pennsylvania State University, the Smithsonian Conservation Biology Institute, the Smithsonian Environmental Research center, National Park Service, the U.S. Department of Agriculture Forest Service, University of Tennessee, Ohio State University and Hood College.
The study was funded by the U.S. Department of Agriculture, Penn State College of Agricultural Sciences, National Science Foundation, the National Park Service, the U.S. Forest Service, the U.S. Department of Energy and the U.S. Department of Defense.
For more information:
Lindsey Hadlock
office: 607-255-6121
cell: 607-269-6911
lmh267@cornell.edu
Cornell University has television, ISDN and dedicated Skype/Google+ Hangout studios available for media interviews. For additional information, see this Cornell Chronicle story.
CA San Joaquin Valley - Hanford CA Zone Forecast
CA San Joaquin Valley - Hanford CA Zone Forecast for Tuesday, July 3, 2018
_____
577 FPUS56 KHNX 040600
ZFPHNX
Zone Forecast Product for Interior Central California
National Weather Service San Joaquin Valley - Hanford CA
1100 PM PDT Tue Jul 3 2018
Point temperatures and probabilities of measurable precipitation
are for tonightIndependence DayWednesday nightand Thursd
This is an automatically generated product that provides average
values for large geographic areas. For a site-specific
forecast...please visit weather.gov/hanford and either
(1) Select a location from the drop down menu above the map or
(2) Click a location on the map.
CAZ089-041100-
West Central San Joaquin Valley-
1100 PM PDT Tue Jul 3 2018
...EXCESSIVE HEAT WATCH IN EFFECT FROM SATURDAY MORNING THROUGH
SUNDAY EVENING...
.TONIGHT...Clear. Patchy smoke. Lows 58 to 63. Northwest winds
10 to 20 mph with gusts to around 40 mph.
.INDEPENDENCE DAY...Sunny. Highs 85 to 95. West winds 10 to
15 mph.
.WEDNESDAY NIGHT...Clear. Lows 56 to 62. West winds 10 to 15 mph.
.THURSDAY...Sunny. Highs 93 to 98. Northwest winds up to 10 mph
in the morning becoming light and variable in the afternoon.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows 62 to 68. Northwest winds up
to 10 mph.
.FRIDAY...Sunny. Highs 98 to 103.
.FRIDAY NIGHT THROUGH SATURDAY NIGHT...Clear. Lows 62 to 70.
Highs 98 to 105.
.SUNDAY...Sunny. Highs 101 to 107.
.SUNDAY NIGHT...Clear. Lows 63 to 69.
.MONDAY THROUGH TUESDAY...Mostly clear. Highs 95 to 105. Lows
63 to 69.
TEMPERATURE / PRECIPITATION
Los Banos 60 86 57 94 / 0 0 0 0
Mendota 60 93 57 96 / 0 0 0 0
Coalinga 61 87 63 96 / 0 0 0 0
=
$$
CAZ090-041100-
East Central San Joaquin Valley-
1100 PM PDT Tue Jul 3 2018
...EXCESSIVE HEAT WATCH IN EFFECT FROM SATURDAY MORNING THROUGH
SUNDAY EVENING...
.TONIGHT...Clear. Patchy smoke through the night. Lows 58 to 64.
Northwest winds 10 to 15 mph.
.INDEPENDENCE DAY...Sunny. Patchy smoke in the morning. Highs
91 to 96. Northwest winds up to 10 mph in the morning becoming
light and variable in the afternoon.
.WEDNESDAY NIGHT...Clear. Lows 55 to 63. Northwest winds up to
10 mph.
.THURSDAY...Sunny. Highs 94 to 99. Northwest winds up to 10 mph
in the morning becoming light and variable in the afternoon.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows 62 to 68. Northwest winds up
to 10 mph.
.FRIDAY...Sunny. Highs 98 to 103.
.FRIDAY NIGHT THROUGH SUNDAY NIGHT...Clear. Lows 61 to 69. Highs
98 to 107.
.MONDAY THROUGH TUESDAY...Mostly clear. Highs 99 to 105. Lows
61 to 70.
TEMPERATURE / PRECIPITATION
Livingston 58 91 52 95 / 0 0 0 0
Merced 60 92 57 95 / 0 0 0 0
Chowchilla 60 94 57 95 / 0 0 0 0
Madera 60 94 57 96 / 0 0 0 0
Clovis 64 96 63 97 / 0 0 0 0
Fresno 64 96 64 98 / 0 0 0 0
Kerman 59 95 57 97 / 0 0 0 0
Sanger 62 96 61 97 / 0 0 0 0
Reedley 62 96 61 97 / 0 0 0 0
Selma 61 96 62 97 / 0 0 0 0
Kingsburg 61 96 60 97 / 0 0 0 0
=
$$
CAZ091-041100-
Southwestern San Joaquin Valley-
1100 PM PDT Tue Jul 3 2018
...EXCESSIVE HEAT WATCH IN EFFECT FROM SATURDAY MORNING THROUGH
SUNDAY EVENING...
.TONIGHT...Clear. Patchy smoke. Cooler. Lows 59 to 64. West winds
15 to 25 mph.
.INDEPENDENCE DAY...Sunny. Highs 89 to 96. West winds 10 to
15 mph.
.WEDNESDAY NIGHT...Clear. Lows 57 to 65. West winds 10 to 15 mph.
.THURSDAY...Sunny. Highs 95 to 100. Northwest winds up to 10 mph
in the morning becoming light and variable in the afternoon.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows 64 to 70. Light winds in the
evening becoming northwest up to 10 mph after midnight.
.FRIDAY THROUGH SATURDAY...Clear. Highs 101 to 107. Lows 64 to
73.
.SATURDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows 66 to 74.
.SUNDAY...Sunny. Highs 105 to 110.
.SUNDAY NIGHT THROUGH TUESDAY...Mostly clear. Lows 66 to 74.
Highs 100 to 110.
TEMPERATURE / PRECIPITATION
Lemoore 61 95 60 97 / 0 0 0 0
Hanford 61 95 60 97 / 0 0 0 0
Avenal 61 88 62 97 / 0 0 0 0
Taft 66 93 68 96 / 0 0 0 0
=
$$
CAZ092-041100-
Southeastern San Joaquin Valley-
1100 PM PDT Tue Jul 3 2018
...EXCESSIVE HEAT WATCH IN EFFECT FROM SATURDAY MORNING THROUGH
SUNDAY EVENING...
.TONIGHT...Clear. Patchy smoke. Lows 60 to 66. West winds 10 to
15 mph in the evening becoming light and variable after midnight.
.INDEPENDENCE DAY...Sunny. Patchy smoke in the morning. Highs
93 to 98. Northwest winds up to 10 mph.
.WEDNESDAY NIGHT...Clear. Lows 58 to 66. Northwest winds 10 to
15 mph.
.THURSDAY...Sunny. Highs 94 to 99. Light winds in the morning
becoming northwest around 10 mph in the afternoon.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows 64 to 70. Northwest winds
around 10 mph in the evening becoming light and variable after
midnight.
.FRIDAY AND FRIDAY NIGHT...Clear. Highs 99 to 104. Lows 64 to 73.
.SATURDAY THROUGH TUESDAY...Mostly clear. Highs 99 to 109. Lows
65 to 74.
TEMPERATURE / PRECIPITATION
Dinuba 62 96 61 97 / 0 0 0 0
Visalia 62 95 60 97 / 0 0 0 0
Exeter 62 95 62 95 / 0 0 0 0
Tulare 62 96 62 97 / 0 0 0 0
Lindsay 61 95 61 96 / 0 0 0 0
Porterville 62 94 64 95 / 0 0 0 0
Delano 62 95 61 98 / 0 0 0 0
Wasco 61 95 60 98 / 0 0 0 0
Shafter 62 96 61 98 / 0 0 0 0
Bakersfield 67 96 67 96 / 0 0 0 0
Arvin 65 95 64 95 / 0 0 0 0
Lamont 65 96 64 96 / 0 0 0 0
=
$$
CAZ093-041100-
Mariposa, Madera, and Fresno County Foothills-
1100 PM PDT Tue Jul 3 2018
...EXCESSIVE HEAT WATCH IN EFFECT FROM SATURDAY MORNING THROUGH
SUNDAY EVENING...
.TONIGHT...Clear. Patchy smoke. Lows 60 to 65.
.INDEPENDENCE DAY...Sunny. Patchy smoke through the day. Highs
85 to 93.
.WEDNESDAY NIGHT...Clear. Lows 57 to 65.
.THURSDAY...Sunny. Highs 87 to 95.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows 62 to 70.
.FRIDAY...Sunny. Highs 91 to 99.
.FRIDAY NIGHT AND SATURDAY...Clear. Lows 62 to 70. Highs 91 to
101.
.SATURDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows 63 to 71.
.SUNDAY AND SUNDAY NIGHT...Clear. Highs 95 to 105. Lows 63 to 71.
.MONDAY THROUGH TUESDAY...Mostly clear. Highs 93 to 101. Lows
63 to 72.
TEMPERATURE / PRECIPITATION
Mariposa 63 88 62 90 / 0 0 0 0
Oakhurst 59 88 53 91 / 0 0 0 0
=
$$
CAZ094-041100-
Tulare County Foothills-
1100 PM PDT Tue Jul 3 2018
...EXCESSIVE HEAT WATCH IN EFFECT FROM SATURDAY MORNING THROUGH
SUNDAY EVENING...
.TONIGHT...Clear. Patchy smoke in the evening. Lows 61 to 66.
.INDEPENDENCE DAY...Sunny. Patchy smoke in the morning. Highs
86 to 94.
.WEDNESDAY NIGHT...Clear. Lows 60 to 66.
.THURSDAY...Sunny. Highs 88 to 96.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows 64 to 70.
.FRIDAY AND FRIDAY NIGHT...Clear. Highs 93 to 100. Lows 64 to 72.
.SATURDAY THROUGH TUESDAY...Mostly clear. Highs 95 to 105. Lows
66 to 74.
TEMPERATURE / PRECIPITATION
Three Rivers 62 92 62 94 / 0 0 0 0
=
$$
CAZ095-041100-
Kern County Mountains-
1100 PM PDT Tue Jul 3 2018
...EXCESSIVE HEAT WATCH IN EFFECT FROM SATURDAY MORNING THROUGH
SUNDAY EVENING...
.TONIGHT...Clear, cooler. Lows at 5000 feet 54 to 64. Gusts up to
40 mph in the evening.
.INDEPENDENCE DAY...Sunny. Highs at 5000 feet 79 to 85.
.WEDNESDAY NIGHT...Clear. Lows at 5000 feet 54 to 64.
.THURSDAY...Sunny. Highs at 5000 feet 81 to 89.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows at 5000 feet 58 to 68.
.FRIDAY AND FRIDAY NIGHT...Clear. Highs at 5000 feet 86 to 94.
Lows at 5000 feet 60 to 70.
.SATURDAY THROUGH TUESDAY...Mostly clear. Highs at 5000 feet
84 to 94. Lows at 5000 feet 62 to 72.
TEMPERATURE / PRECIPITATION
Lake Isabella 62 92 65 94 / 0 0 0 0
Tehachapi 58 85 57 87 / 0 0 0 0
Frazier Park 49 79 50 83 / 0 0 0 0
=
$$
CAZ096-041100-
Sierra Nevada from Yosemite to Kings Canyon-
1100 PM PDT Tue Jul 3 2018
.TONIGHT...Clear. Patchy smoke. Lows 54 to 64 at 5000 feet...
45 to 53 at 8000 feet.
.INDEPENDENCE DAY...Sunny. Patchy smoke. Highs 79 to 84 at
5000 feet...64 to 70 at 8000 feet.
.WEDNESDAY NIGHT...Clear. Lows 52 to 62 at 5000 feet...44 to
52 at 8000 feet.
.THURSDAY...Sunny. Highs 81 to 86 at 5000 feet...68 to 74 at
8000 feet.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows 57 to 66 at 5000 feet...
48 to 56 at 8000 feet.
.FRIDAY...Sunny. Highs 85 to 90 at 5000 feet...72 to 78 at
8000 feet.
.FRIDAY NIGHT AND SATURDAY...Clear. Lows 58 to 68 at 5000 feet...
49 to 57 at 8000 feet. Highs 85 to 94 at 5000 feet...72 to 81 at
8000 feet.
.SATURDAY NIGHT THROUGH TUESDAY...Mostly clear. Lows 59 to 69 at
5000 feet...50 to 59 at 8000 feet. Highs 86 to 94 at 5000 feet...
73 to 81 at 8000 feet.
TEMPERATURE / PRECIPITATION
Yosemite 55 84 57 86 / 0 0 0 0
Shaver Lake 48 76 47 78 / 0 0 0 0
=
$$
CAZ097-041100-
Tulare County Mountains-
1100 PM PDT Tue Jul 3 2018
.TONIGHT...Clear. Lows 55 to 61 at 5000 feet...45 to 55 at
8000 feet.
.INDEPENDENCE DAY...Sunny. Highs 80 to 86 at 5000 feet...67 to
75 at 8000 feet.
.WEDNESDAY NIGHT...Clear. Lows 54 to 60 at 5000 feet...45 to
55 at 8000 feet.
.THURSDAY...Sunny. Highs 82 to 88 at 5000 feet...71 to 79 at
8000 feet.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows 59 to 65 at 5000 feet...
49 to 59 at 8000 feet.
.FRIDAY AND FRIDAY NIGHT...Clear. Highs 88 to 93 at 5000 feet...
76 to 82 at 8000 feet. Lows 59 to 67 at 5000 feet...51 to 61 at
8000 feet.
.SATURDAY THROUGH TUESDAY...Mostly clear. Highs 86 to 95 at
5000 feet...73 to 82 at 8000 feet. Lows 61 to 68 at 5000 feet...
53 to 63 at 8000 feet.
TEMPERATURE / PRECIPITATION
Lodgepole 46 75 46 79 / 0 0 0 0
=
$$
CAZ098-041100-
Indian Wells Valley-
1100 PM PDT Tue Jul 3 2018
...EXCESSIVE HEAT WATCH IN EFFECT FROM SATURDAY MORNING THROUGH
SUNDAY EVENING...
.TONIGHT...Clear, windy, cooler. Lows 63 to 69. Southwest winds
20 to 30 mph.
.INDEPENDENCE DAY...Sunny. Highs 89 to 98. South winds 10 to
15 mph.
.WEDNESDAY NIGHT...Clear. Lows 64 to 72. Southwest winds 10 to
15 mph.
.THURSDAY...Sunny. Highs 93 to 101. South winds up to 10 mph.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows 68 to 76. West winds 10 to
15 mph.
.FRIDAY AND FRIDAY NIGHT...Clear. Highs 99 to 107. Lows 70 to 80.
.SATURDAY THROUGH TUESDAY...Mostly clear. Highs 100 to 110. Lows
73 to 82.
TEMPERATURE / PRECIPITATION
Inyokern 66 95 71 99 / 0 0 0 0
Ridgecrest 66 98 67 101 / 0 0 0 0
=
$$
CAZ099-041100-
Southeastern Kern County Desert-
1100 PM PDT Tue Jul 3 2018
...EXCESSIVE HEAT WATCH IN EFFECT FROM SATURDAY MORNING THROUGH
SUNDAY EVENING...
.TONIGHT...Clear, cooler. Lows 59 to 65. Southwest winds 10 to
20 mph.
.INDEPENDENCE DAY...Sunny. Highs 86 to 96. Southwest winds 10 to
15 mph with gusts to around 30 mph.
.WEDNESDAY NIGHT...Clear. Lows 60 to 68. Southwest winds 10 to
20 mph.
.THURSDAY...Sunny. Highs 91 to 101. Southwest winds up to 10 mph.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Mostly clear. Lows 65 to 73. West winds 10 to
15 mph.
.FRIDAY AND FRIDAY NIGHT...Clear. Highs 97 to 107. Lows 66 to 76.
.SATURDAY THROUGH TUESDAY...Mostly clear. Highs 97 to 107. Lows
69 to 79.
TEMPERATURE / PRECIPITATION
California City 62 94 62 99 / 0 0 0 0
Mojave 65 91 67 96 / 0 0 0 0
Edwards AFB 61 94 62 99 / 0 0 0 0
Rosamond 61 91 60 98 / 0 0 0 0
=
$$
weather.gov/hanford
_____
Copyright 2018 AccuWeather
Charles Ross is a one-man army of one-man shows. Known for his single person performances based on the Christopher Nolan Batman films, Star Wars, Lord of the Rings, and Pride and Prejudice, Ross has a knack for distilling everything pop culture into a digestible shot of comedy theatre. He's spreading these bits of nostalgia and parody at Piccolo, doing his takes on The Dark Knight trilogy, Star Wars, a Pride and Prejudice TV mini-series, and Stranger Things.
City Paper: You've got a handful of one-man shows you're doing for Piccolo-Spoleto. Why have you made so many one-man shows based on pop-culture?
Charles Ross: I like to say that I watched too much TV and I can't actually make anyone work with me, but that's not entirely true. When I think back to the first time I did a fringe festival, I was in a larger cast. I noticed that the people who were doing well were doing small shows and often times had a hook. In one case, there was a guy that was doing basically a one-man show where he was playing William Shatner. And I thought to myself "if you could do a solo show that was based on something I loved ..." In this case the first one I tried was Star Wars — surely there would be a huge built-in audience, just because people love Star Wars. And I think it's really key that you have to love the thing that you're doing a show about. If you don't, I think it comes across to your audience that you're just a charlatan.
I like the pop culture stuff because that's sort of what I either grew up with or some of the stuff I've had the chance to see.
CP: You've got a nice theme going with Batman, Stranger Things, and Star Wars. Pride and Prejudice seems a little out of the blue.
CR: It is a bit out of the blue, but honestly I had been thinking about doing this show for almost a decade. It was actually a larger leap of faith trying the Pride and Prejudice show because it's a woman's story. Most of the cast is women, and here I am being a guy dressed up in a costume most of the time, but having to be mostly women. It's a ridiculous concept trying to do a one-man show anyway, so I thought if I'm going to be ridiculous, I'm going to be completely ridiculous.
I'm very interested to see whether or not Pride and Prejudice draws in the same kind of audience that would come to see Star Wars. This is certainly something that seems a little bit out of left-field, but I actually think that's what makes it seem attractive.
CP: What is your favorite one-man show that you're performing at Piccolo?
CR: I love them all for the same reason you love your kids. So much of you has gone into it. Not just the writing of it, but your loving of it, and then the development of it. I feel like there's an ownership and investment that, only when you do this type of work would you really be able to appreciate. I guess if I was being commissioned to do shows that I didn't really want to do, I guess I would feel less inclined to love it. In this case here, they're all absolutely a labor of love.
CP: What kind of planning goes into your one-man show after you've chosen the idea?
CR: It can be a little different. If there's a source material like a novel, as the case of Lord of the Rings or Pride and Prejudice, I go back to that source material right away, read it all as much as I can, then go back to the film version I'm going to be basing it on. It makes it a lot easier to see very clearly the decisions that the moviemakers or TV makers made themselves in adapting that source material, and that helps to inform how I'm going to approach it, myself. Then I sit at a computer and clickity-clack away for a few hours and try to regurgitate the gist of the story. I try not to worry so much about the details, because there will always be about 75 percent filler in anything. Very, very rarely do you have something that's completely super important details for every single moment of a show, with the exception of the Batman films. In that case, I take out all these details, and try to get down to the bare story itself. Then I can take some of those details and add them back in when I've put it back on my feet, when I start to rehearse it.
Xiaomi just announced the smart wristwatch for children and the Smart Ukelele. The very same day, the company has teased the launch of a new product. It is likely to be a blue eye protective glass, which is it's 62nd crowdfunded product.
Initially, the post teasing this upcoming product talked about the impact of UV rays on our eyes and tipped that the product will feature harmful ray filters. The launch date is pegged as February 16 at 10 AM (in China) via Xiaomi mall.
Following this, a few other teasers were posted by the Apple of China. In one such teaser, it is claimed that the eye protective glasses was made using military grade materials. This ensures that the device will not break even when there is a strong impact. The teaser features a photo of a man with a military helmet showing the durability and strength of the device. We can get to know more details about the protective glasses when it is launched tomorrow.
Also Read: Xiaomi Mi 6 will sport a 5.2-inch flat IPS display: specs, price and more
Apart from the military grade protective glasses with harmful ray filters, we can expect a few other surprises from Xiaomi at tomorrow's launch. Let's wait for the same to know what exactly the company has got to roll out its sleeve.
Source
GAUHATI, India (AP) — Heavy monsoon rains have unleashed landslides and floods that have killed at least 160 people and displaced millions of others across northern India, southern Nepal and Bangladesh.
Officials said Monday they were still trying to determine the scale of the disaster, with casualties and damage reported in multiple locations across the Himalayan foothills of South Asia.
The seasonal floodwaters damaged bridges, toppled power lines and washed away thousands of homes in the northeastern Indian state of Assam. Officials say people have been killed by drowning or being caught inside collapsing houses or beneath falling trees.
In neighboring Nepal, police spokesman Pushkar Karki were searching for 85 people reported missing after rivers burst their banks and killed at least 75. Another 20 people died over the last few days in Bangladesh.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
KABUL, Afghanistan: A new wave of Taliban attacks across Afghanistan killed at least 11 Afghan soldiers and policemen on Tuesday, officials said, the latest in a particularly deadly week of assaults by militants.
At least five soldiers were killed when their checkpoint was attacked by the Taliban in western Farah province,
according to Mohammad Naser Mehri, the provincial governor's spokesman.
Two soldiers were wounded in that attack, in the Bala Buluk district. Mehri said six Taliban fighters were killed and three others were wounded in the battle, which lasted several hours.
“Reinforcements have arrived and right now, the situation is under control,” he added.
Earlier on Tuesday, insurgents killed at least four members of the local police force and wounded seven in eastern Ghazni province.
The Taliban there targeted the local police security post in the province's district of Jaghatu, said Arif Noori, spokesman for the provincial governor. He also said the gunbattle lasted several hours and that the Taliban used artillery and rocket-propelled grenade launchers.
Zabihullah Mujahid, the Taliban spokesman, claimed responsibility for both the Farah and the Ghazni attacks in messages to the media. He said the Taliban took two Afghan soldiers captive in the Farah attack but there was no immediate confirmation from the Afghan military on that.
Later Tuesday, two policemen were killed and six soldiers were captured in attacks on their checkpoints in western Badghis province, said Mohammad Naser Nazari, a member of the provincial council.
He blamed the Taliban and said insurgents there stormed several police and military checkpoints in Qadis district before reinforcements arrived and the situation was brought under control.
It has been a particularly deadly week in Afghanistan.
The Health Ministry in Kabul on Tuesday raised the death toll from a horrific suicide bombing by the Islamic State group earlier this week to 60, after three more of the wounded had died in hospital.
The ministry also said the number of wounded from Sunday's attack, which targeted a voter registration center in Kabul, was now at 130 after all the data had been collected, including from private hospitals where the casualties were also taken after state hospitals became overwhelmed in the immediate aftermath of the bombing.
Also, on Monday, Taliban attacks in western Afghanistan killed 18 soldiers and policemen.—AP
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
WWE SmackDown Live superstar Rusev has been named the most underrated wrestler of 2017 by the 'Wrestling Observer'. The most underrated wrestler award is given to a wrestler who doesn't get a reward despite putting in all the effort and has immense support of WWE fans.
The award, in place since 2002, was won by Cesaro for five consecutive years from 2013 to 2017. He also holds the record for getting the award on maximum occasions.
This year Rusev did not face any competition for the title and was the unanimous winner.
On the second position in the list is New Japan Pro-Wrestling star Stone Pitbull Tomohiro Ishii.
Other names on the list include RAW wrestler Finn Blair, Sami Zayn from SmackDown and Cesaro.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte could be just one defeat away from being sacked by the club, according to the Express .
The Blues face Watford on Tuesday morning, with reports emanating to suggest that a failure to collect three points from the fixture could spell the end of the Italian's reign at Stamford Bridge.
Conte led the club to a Premier League title just last season, but a run of poor results coupled with a rift with the board and ownership could cost the 48-year-old his job.
It is widely believed that the ex-Juventus manager will leave the club at the end of the season; however history shows that Chelsea owner Roman Abramovich isn't afraid to wield the axe.
Conte is the Londoners' 11th manager since 2007 and with his side 21 points off the pace set by Manchester City and in danger of missing out on next season's Champions League, they could soon have a 12th.
Conte has been linked with a return to Italy as national team boss, however recently clarified his intentions in regard to his future.
“My intention, my will, my desire is to respect this contract,” Conte said.
A range of managers, including ex-Barcelona boss Luis Enrique and current Juve boss Massimiliano Allegri, have been linked as potential successors to Conte.
Camera Icon Napoli's Italian coach Maurizo Sarri Picture: AFP
Those names have been joined by Napoli boss Maurizio Sarri, with the latest reports suggesting the Blues are preparing to pay the Naples boss' release clause.
La Gazetta dello Sport report that Sarri has an €8m (AU$12m) clause, which Abramovich is seriously considering activating.
With his future under immense doubt, The Telegraph allege that Conte has told Chelsea that they'll need to make two or three truly world class signings if they're to trump City for the Premier League title next season.
The manager cited the signing of too many players in recent transfer windows as the reason behind a lack of “foundation” in the first team.
Speaking ahead of his potentially last game in charge at Stamford Bridge, Conte commented on what his side need to do to catch runaway leaders City.
“Now we have to struggle to fight for a Champions League place – that is top. We must be realistic. We must be strong to accept this type of situation,” Conte said.
Camera Icon Chelsea's Italian head coach Antonio Conte Picture: AFP
“Then, in the future, if there is the possibility, you have to try to buy only two or three players – not eight players. Don't forget, this summer, we brought in eight players and spent a lot less than other teams who bought only two or three.”
“We have to create a basis; we have to build something important. To do this, you must have 15 or 16 players. In the summer, we changed eight players. That means you don't have a basis, a great foundation. We must have great patience to understand the moment.”
“We lost strong, experienced players in the last few years, so we must have patience to understand that, now, we have to appreciate the moment, be realistic, create a basis and then build something important to face big challenges with the other teams.”
Chelsea takes on Watford at Vicarage Road on Monday morning.
[India], Mar. 19 (ANI): A 24-year-old woman, who recently completed her MBBS, has won the election for Sarpanch from village Garhajan in Rajasthan's Bharatpur, thus becoming the youngest and the first MBBS Sarpanch in the district.
Propelled by her ambitions of revamping girls' education and sanitation facilities in the area, Shahnaz Khan she wanted to be a beacon for girls and show how education can transform lives.
"I am happy that I have got the opportunity to serve my people. My priorities will be the education of girls and sanitation. I want to set an example for girls on how education can help in so many ways," said the newly elected Sarpanch.
Khan also said that being the Sarpanch would not affect her career as a doctor. She also emphasised on taking necessary steps to promote the 'Beti Padhao, Beti Bachao' movement in the area, where girls have long been deprived of education. (ANI)
A Suffolk police detective with a “standout personality” died of colon cancer Monday after a 31-year career in which he was “instrumental” in bringing MS-13 gang members to justice, his friends and family said.
William Maldonado, 53, was Cop of the Year in 1990 and last year received the Police Commissioner's Extraordinary Service Award for his leadership skills while battling a life-threatening disease — taking limited sick time despite having been diagnosed in June 2015 after a routine colonoscopy, Suffolk police said.
“Willie had a larger-than-life personality, which would command a room,” said Det. Michael Soto, Maldonado's partner throughout most of his career. “People would gravitate toward him to hear his jokes and stories. His motto was ‘Never let the truth get in the way of a good story.' ”
A 1987 recruit, Maldonado worked in the Fifth Precinct before making detective seven years later, spending much of his career in the major case unit, which investigates bank robberies, officials said. Most recently, he was assigned to the FBI Long Island Gang Task Force, where he helped in the prosecution of more than 40 MS-13 gang members, clearing more than a dozen homicides and 25 robberies, police said.
His wife of 17 years, Second Precinct Det. Christine Tamaro, said socializing was her husband's “hobby” but police work was in his blood.
“No matter the detail, Willie gave 1,000 percent,” Tamaro said. “He was always on the side of right and no money or influence could ever make him compromise his integrity.”
Suffolk police officials praised Maldonado on Tuesday, from his work ethic to his grace as he grappled with a deadly disease.
“He battled cancer with an exceptional dignity and grace that was inspirational and without complaint,” Chief of Department Stuart Cameron said. “His work ethic was extraordinary and his efforts made Suffolk County a safer place. His good humor and smiling face will forever be etched into our memories.”
Sign up for the Power on Trial newsletter Get our insider's look and analysis of the key moments in the Mangano-Venditto trial. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Suffolk Acting Commissioner Geraldine Hart described him as “instrumental” in the fight against the violent MS-13 gang.
“We lost a remarkable detective and a remarkable human being, who served this department with distinction for more than 30 years,” Hart said.
Maldonado received many honors, including 12 department recognitions, two command recognitions and two Meritorious Awards, police said.
“Willie brought everyone together,” said Insp. Robert Waring, a friend since the pair began working together in 1987 at the Fifth Precinct. “In the end, he had friends from every stage of his life supporting him because he would have been there supporting us.”
Tamaro said she hopes her husband's death will be a reminder of the importance of early detection.
Besides his wife, Maldonado is survived by his daughters, Nicole and Brooke. Funeral arrangements were not immediately released.
CHARLESTON, S.C. (AP) — The Latest on the next trial phase of the man facing a possible death sentence for slaying nine people during Bible study (all times local):
1:15 p.m.
A judge has called for a recess in a second hearing on the competency of a man charged with killing nine black people during Bible study at a South Carolina church.
U.S. District Judge Richard Gergel heard more than three hours of testimony Monday before breaking for lunch.
Over the weekend, Gergel says a court-appointed psychiatrist examined 22-year-old Dylann Roof for about five hours.
Jay Bender, an attorney for The Associated Press and other outlets, said closing the hearing would keep the community from an important part of the legal process. Gergel ordered Monday's hearing closed to the media and public, saying Roof's right to a fair trial could be hampered if jurors mulling his sentence learned the contents of the hearing.
Jurors are set to begin hearing evidence Tuesday as to why prosecutors feel he should be put to death for killing nine people at Emanuel AME Church in June 2015.
___
9:30 a.m.
A federal judge has shut out the public from a second hearing on the competency of a man charged with killing nine black people during Bible study at a South Carolina church.
U.S. District Judge Richard Gergel ruled Monday that Dylann Roof's right to a fair trial could be hampered if jurors mulling his sentence learned the contents of the hearing.
Jay Bender, an attorney for The Associated Press and other media outlets, argued against the closure. Bender said closing the hearing to the public would be keeping the community from an important part of the legal process.
Gergel said he would have had to sequester the jury if he opened up the hearing. The judge said he didn't think jurors would intentionally seek out information about the result but might come by it inadvertently, a risk he couldn't take. Gergel said he'd release a transcript of the hearing after a verdict is reached in the case.
Jurors are set to begin hearing evidence Tuesday as to why prosecutors feel he should be put to death for killing nine people at Emanuel AME Church in June 2015.
___
3:30 a.m.
The same jury that last month unanimously found Dylann Roof guilty in the slayings of nine black parishioners at a South Carolina church is returning to court to begin contemplating his punishment.
The sentencing phase of Roof's trial begins Tuesday in Charleston. He could face the death penalty.
With Roof representing himself, the process is sure to be unconventional. The 22-year-old said he plans to call no witnesses or introduce any evidence.
Prosecutors plan to call up to 38 people related to the nine people killed and three who survived the June 2015 slaughter during Bible study at Emanuel AME Church.
Even if Roof is sentenced to death, it's highly unlikely he'd be executed anytime soon. The federal government hasn't carried out a death sentence since 2003.
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
Things have moved quickly for 21-year-old Tumaini Peres.
A year ago, she married Butoyi Peres, who today stands patiently in a pink button-up under a live oak tree.
On Tues. June 26, she modeled a colorful headwrap and a satisfied smile as she raised her right hand and cemented her U.S. citizenship with an oath — a promissory note that asks its reciters to renounce all foreign allegiances and, if necessary, take up arms for their new country. Three days earlier, she gave birth to the couple's first child.
"I was hoping to have her before the 26th, on the 18th, and she came on the 23rd, and I was like, 'Oh my god,'" she says. "Now I'm in so much pain, so I have to go back home and sleep."
Her days-old baby's head floated peacefully above a sea of soft pink blankets. Tumaini is most excited about a long visit to see her brothers, sisters, and cousins in her native Tanzania. She hasn't been back in 10 years, partly because the travel restrictions for permanent residents, or green card holders, encourage those seeking naturalization to limit their stays abroad to no more than six months. She also has family to the west that she's never met.
"I've never seen Burundi, maybe next year," she says.
The couple drove two-and-a-half hours from Dillon, a small town near the North Carolina border, so that Tumaini could thread herself into the American fabric at Middleton Place, the same 110-acre stretch of land where she would have suffered ineffable horrors had she arrived two centuries earlier.
A pamphlet for the event calls the plantation a "particularly appropriate venue" for the ceremony. (Post & Courier columnist Brian Hicks later described Middleton Place as an "ideal setting.")
Delivering the citizenship oath was none other than Richard M. Gergel, the same federal judge who sentenced white supremacist Dylann Roof to death last year. The Obama appointee waxed poetic about the virtues of a founding principle of the new republic: freedom of religion. He spoke of the enslaved Africans, of whom "many were of the Muslim faith," and about his grandparents (two Polish, one Russian, and one Canadian).
"I did not realize until I was a teenager that not everyone's grandparents spoke with an accent," he said to a knowing laugh. "My grandparents loved this country and came here with little financial resources, but a commitment to family, work, and faith, just as each of you has come."
click to enlarge Ruta Smith
Tumaini (left) and Butoyi Peres pose with their three-day-old daughter
The outdoor ceremony could have easily doubled as a wedding. White chairs faced the plantation house, as well as an altar where Gergel guided the new Americans through their vows of lifelong commitment.
Except that this marriage was between 58 people from 27 different countries and a few founding documents.
Candidates from Brazil, Burundi, Cameroon, China, Costa Rica, Cuba, Germany, Guatemala, India, Iran, Malaysia, Mexico, Moldova, Nicaragua, Nigeria, Pakistan, Peru, the Philippines, Russia, South Africa, South Korea, Spain, Sri Lanka, Taiwan, Thailand, Venezuela, and Vietnam trudged through the grass in their dress shoes and heels to accept their certificates. The combination of euphoria and pride was palpable as the names — long, short, filled with consonants, vowels, and accents — were called out one by one, signaling the end of what has been a years-long process for many.
click to enlarge Ruta Smith
There was hardly room for anything but unwavering patriotism. The Star-Spangled Banner inspired everyone to instinctively stand, unlike spectators at a football or baseball game. They faced the American flag, held by one of three men cosplaying as part of the Colonial Color Guard, one of whom was black. Two women dressed like Colonial-era maids debated the best place to print photos (Costco). African immigrants were sworn in as U.S. citizens beside Eliza's House, the freedmen's quarters built in 1870 devoted entirely to the history of the African-American experience at a Middleton Place, a plantation that held a peak population of about 150 slaves depending on the season. The property inventory listed 44 slaves at the time Arthur Middleton's estate was settled.
The naturalization ceremony was being held on Middleton's 276th birthday. One week and a day before the Fourth of July commemorated the adoption of the Declaration of Independence, a document signed by Middleton declaring that "all men are created equal."
However murky that promise was, and continues to be, is of little concern to those who desperately want to believe in the most ambitious and majestic of American ideals: economic opportunity, freedom of speech, religious tolerance, and diversity.
"It's like they said in the ceremony, it's a country of immigrants," said Carolina Sacramento Dos Anjos, echoing Judge Gergel's earlier speech, when asked about what it feels like to become a citizen of a country whose political rhetoric toward immigrants has grown more acidic over the past couple years. "It's providing an opportunity for people who want to have a better life. I wasn't scared. I wasn't worried because I know the law."
click to enlarge Ruta Smith
Carolina Sacramento dos Anjos, 30, moved to the U.S. from Brazil in 2001
Carolina, 30, followed her mother, Rose, to the United States in 2001. Rose had accepted a job offer and was allowed in on an H-1B visa for "speciality occupations," an immigration avenue that the Trump administration has since restricted, citing concerns of misuse by employers.
Carolina began the citizenship process after hitting a self-imposed 15-year mark of living in the U.S, though permanent residents are eligible for naturalization after five years.
"After 15 years, now I'm spending more of my life here than in Brazil, now I'm entitled to feel American," she says, holding a miniature American flag.
Americans' attitudes toward legal immigration are improving. Only 24 percent of Americans now believe that legal immigration should be curbed, down from 53 percent in 2001, according to a survey released by the Pew Research Center last month. At the same time, fewer than half of Americans were aware that most immigrants are, in fact, legal.
During a 2016 campaign stop in Illinois, Donald Trump told addressed a man wearing a "Legal Immigrant for Trump" T-shirt.
"People are going to come into our country," Trump said. "We want people to come in. But they've got to come in, like you, legally. My man."
But the number of visitor visas granted under the Trump administration has plunged by 13 percent, according to a Politico analysis of State Department data. And just last month, the U.S. Supreme Court upheld a travel ban issued by the Trump administration in September that restricts travel from seven countries: Iran, Syria, Libya, Yemen, Somalia, North Korea and Venezuela. The last two were added after the president's first two travel bans, which solely targeted majority-Muslim countries, faced backlash for possibly violating the Constitution's Establishment Clause by seemingly targeting a specific religion (an interpretation that lines up with Trump's anti-Muslim rhetoric.)
Like many legal immigrants who spend years and thousands of dollars to remain in the government's good graces, Carolina is quick to point out the difference between her struggle and that of the families who remain separated after crossing the U.S.-Mexico border. Maintaining one's legal status is so costly and cumbersome, that it engenders a sense of pride in those who fill out the forms, pay the fees, and make it past the citizenship finish line.
The filing fee for those applying for naturalization is $725, per the U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services.
For cases like Carolina's, green card filing fees for her and her mother could have ranged anywhere from $3,000 to $4,000, according to Charleston immigration attorney Brad Banias. Renewing those green cards would run each person $595, plus an $85 biometric service fee.
"On a routine case, if someone told me $1,000 to $2,000 in just attorney's fees, that would seem reasonable to me," he said. "I do know people in Charleston who charge more than that. On non-routine cases, the price can go up because you're going to work much longer on it."
"You gotta go through the three jobs, Carolina says. "Working in the morning, in the afternoon, at night, eating from the dollar menu so you can do it, because you don't have a choice."
The whole family agrees that the legal process should be easier. Rose, Carolina's mother, holds a more cynical view of those seeking asylum by attempting to cross the border.
"I know a lot of people come with the kids, and when they arrive here, they send the kid back to their country...They just use the kids to enter the country," she argues. "Most of them lie about the situation and use the system."
That system and its various routes — three years of marriage to a citizen, high-skill employment, asylum — are often maligned, if not entirely conflated with migration by "free riders" who are accused of not contributing to taxes and syphoning away resources.
Carolina's step-father Ron, a self-described "hillbilly from West Virginia" who met Rose online, shares this view.
"You have a very large population that are in Charleston that are illegal," he says. "They work, they make excellent money, they pay no taxes. They don't want to come through the system and the process, they just wanna come to this country."
The Migration Policy Institute, a Washington, D.C.-based think tank, estimates the total number of "unauthorized immigrants" in South Carolina to be 98,000. In a list of the 121 U.S. counties with the largest unauthorized populations, it lists Greenville County with an estimate of 17,000 undocumented residents. It does not list Charleston County. In 2015, 4.4 million undocumented immigrants paid $23.6 billion in federal income tax, according to the latest IRS data available.
Three young women walked away from the empty lawn chairs and toward the Middleton Place house museum surrounded by an entourage of family and friends.
Megha Patel, 27, Neha Patel, 27, and Neha Patel, 33, (no relation) all attended M.B. Vamdot High School in the western state of Gujarat in India. After school, they all married men who were mostly raised in the States.
click to enlarge Ruta Smith
High school friends (L-r) Neha, 33, Neha, 27, and Megha, 27, became U.S. citizens on the same day
"Typical Indian girls with American boyfriends," Megha jokes.
Soon enough, they all found themselves dispersed throughout South Carolina.
"Everyone's in a different place, but it's a pleasure to have family and friends nearby," Megha says.
Cradling her wide-eyed 11-month-old baby, the younger Neha concurs. She recalls a sense of relief after realizing that her new place in Yemassee would only be slightly over two hours away from Megha.
"I felt good," she says, recalling the disorienting and sometimes panicked first days of a new arrival. "At least somebody is nearby that we know.".
None of them shared any visible concerns about the state of the country, opting to focus on what it can deliver based on its platonic ideal.
"In our country, girls mostly don't have too much freedom and economic opportunity. With what they make there, you can't save anything. Here, you can save at least something," Neha says.
"There are so many different things to do, so many different religions that I have seen here, different people that stay together, and it's really good," Megha adds.
Library branches influenced by a Chicago Public Library program — which helped Chance the Rapper, among other artists make it big — now have similar programs in Denver suburbs. The Studio at Anythink is offering a series of digital media classes to the community for free. Courses include audio, video and graphic design production. There's also one strictly dedicated to YouTube channel management.
Nicole Moore is editing video footage from Anythink Libraries' mothership — The Studio in the Thorton branch. The Studio at Anythink's Wright Farm location has partnered with Denver Open Media, a non-profit assisted by Denver Media Foundation for the recurring Video Production class. She's been taking these classes for several weeks now in order to learn the ropes.
“I like the inter-generational feel to it,” she said. “Even though kids are gaming, teenagers are making different things and adults are making different things too. I like how everyone can be in here creating together.”
Moore is a clinical social worker and a doctoral student in Denver. However, she wants to make a documentary on gentrification and how it affects LGBT youth. Although Moore has been awarded a partial scholarship for Denver Public Media, it doesn't cover access to the equipment she needs. She also needs further training with the industry-standard recording equipment and editing software.
“At Anythink I can sort of supplement half off for their classes,” Moore said. “I can come and take these [classes] up here for free and then still have access to the other ones at Denver Open Media. Sometimes I'm the only who shows up and it's almost like private tutoring.”
John Aden is the Media Education Coordinator at Open Media Foundation in Denver. He teaches a video production class at The Studio through the partnership Anythink has with Denver Open Media. For the past two months, he's been leading classes at The Studio.
“What good is all of this technology if you don't know how to use it?” questioned Aden. “How [do we] navigate it? How [do we] use it responsibly to deliver the message you want to deliver?”
In this particular class, Aden shows Moore and the other students the ins-and-outs of documentary style editing using Adobe Premiere Pro. He shows the students how to add music beds, dim lighting and blur their subject's faces. Those are only a few of the tricks he goes over with the class.
“It's always encouraging to demonstrate and then actually see people apply what they've learned,” he said. “I really like learning environments like the ones they have here at The Studio because the students are actually participating in the learning process. The hands-on component is really essential for people to learn and to pick up these kinds of skills.”
Moore said the access Anythink is providing sends the message that people from all backgrounds have a chance to learn the skills needed to get ahead in these industries. “I've been able to obtain a higher education after being a high school drop out to getting my GED but now I'm a doctoral student and education is huge. When you come across populations that don't have that same access, being able to provide it for free in their community within walking distance is gold.”
Mo Yang is Studio Coordinator for Anythink. He said technology-based programs like The Studio are demonstrating how libraries can adapt to fulfill the community's needs. “What [The Studio] does is it puts interest-driven, informational learning into action. We partner with what we call artists-in-residence who have a career experience so that we can first teach the skill sets required but also be a resource. People interested in taking their passions further would understand the various pathways that they can take in their interests.”
Equipped with computers, cameras, microphones and a whole stage — including a guitar ready for anyone to play — The Studio is redefining what libraries mean to Colorado. Ultimately, Anythink is a place for people with similar interests to form support systems that last. So that when one person makes it big, like Chance the Rapper did in Chicago, the assembly line will follow. All you need is a library card.
All photos courtesy of Anythink Libraries
(CNN) — Sylvia Rosas decided to go to the emergency room after getting stung by a bee in her yard in Valrico, Florida. She had experienced allergic reactions in the past, but didn't have an EpiPen on hand.
However, what really hurt was the $12,000 bill she received for the visit to the ER.
The 53-year-old said she was seen by several doctors, who ordered thousands of dollars in blood tests and an EKG during the 2015 visit that lasted less than two hours. Since the hospital was out of network, her insurer wouldn't cover the visit, and she ended up having to pay the entire bill.
“Never did I think I'd have this type of bill,” said Rosas, a mortgage loan officer who says she's now hesitant to go to the doctor. “I was there for such a short time.”
Rosas isn't the only one getting hit with big bills after a trip to the ER.
Spending on an emergency room visit rose to $1,917, on average, in 2016, up more than 31% from four years earlier, according to the Health Care Cost Institute, which analyzes spending and usage of nearly 40 million Americans with employer-sponsored coverage.
The spike in spending was driven almost entirely by an increase in the prices charged by hospitals, even as ER usage remained relatively flat. The spending covers the hospitals' charges for stepping foot in the ER, known as a facility fee, as well as some tests and services. It doesn't include ER evaluations by doctors, who usually send patients a separate bill.
Related Content: Study: U.S. has most expensive health care
Overall, the soaring price of ER visits, along with steep hikes in prescription drugs and outpatient surgery costs, have helped fuel a 15% increase in overall health care spending, the institute found.
There may be several reasons why it's getting costlier to go to the emergency room, experts said.
The price hikes stem in part from the fact that ERs are seeing a greater number of patients with more severe medical problems, said Niall Brennan, the institute's CEO.
Hospitals base their ER facility fee charge on the severity of the condition they are treating. Folks with simpler issues, such as cuts or fevers, are more often turning to urgent care centers or pharmacy clinics. So emergency rooms are more likely to receive patients with serious problems, such as chest pain or asthma attacks, which are more expensive to treat.
Also, more emergency rooms now have access to advanced — and pricey — technology, such as CT scans and MRIs, said Renee Hsia, professor of emergency medicine and health policy at the University of California, San Francisco. And patients expect to have more testing done in the ER rather than waiting to go to a lab or doctor's office after they are discharged.
The American Hospital Association challenged the institute's study, saying that annual hospital price growth rates are at near record lows. But the industry group did agree that emergency rooms are treating more complex conditions, citing its report from 2013 that showed Medicare patients treated in the ER had more severe illnesses and visited more frequently.
Still, many ER patients are stunned by the bills they receive.
Rick Brown tried to avoid going to the emergency room after he fell into a small hole by his pool in November and hurt his ankle. He tried icing and elevating it, but after a few days the pain was excruciating.
He finally went to the ER near his home in Brick, New Jersey, where he had an X-ray and was seen by a physician assistant. Brown, who arrived at the hospital on his own crutches, learned he had fractured his ankle. The 58-year-old was given a splint, a prescription for painkillers and a recommendation that he follow up with a specialist.
A few weeks later, the bills started coming in — including a $2,600 for the ER and $5,700 from a physicians' office. His insurance paid half the ER fee, but wouldn't cover the doctor charges because the provider was out-of-network.
Brown, a bartender, was furious, noting that he was twice asked for his insurance card in the ER. Had he known he'd be on the hook for thousands of dollars, he said he would have hobbled out or waited to go to the doctor's appointment he had made for later in the week.
“To have insurance and to be facing these astronomical bills, I get incensed,” said Brown. “You're in a lot of pain and you have insurance. You are expecting it to be covered.”
Brown plans to talk to the hospital and the physicians' office to try to reduce the charges.
That's a good move, said Martin Makary, professor of surgery and health policy at Johns Hopkins University. When patients come to the ER, they don't need to sign any paperwork promising to pay in full, Makary said. Federal law requires emergency rooms to screen and stabilize anyone who comes through the doors.
Makary published a study last year that found that hospitals mark up emergency services — such as suturing a wound or interpreting a CT scan — by an average of 340% more than what Medicare allows. (The Medicare allowable amount includes what Medicare reimburses, as well as any deductibles or co-pays the patients pay.) So consumers should try to bargain providers down if they get a big bill.
“Prices are highly fluctuant and often negotiable,” he said. “As with new cars, people are not expected to pay the sticker price.”
Mandla: Prime Minister Narendra Modi said on Tuesday said that the promulgation of an ordinance on rape demonstrated his government's determination to act on the issue. He also pitched for a social movement to ensure the safety of women and girls while addressing a rally.
"Shivraj ji (Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan) just referred to the capital punishment provided in the ordinance for rape against minors and I could see that it (the remark) received cheers from everyone present here. There is a government in Delhi which listens to your voice and takes decisions. So, the Centre has made a provision for capital punishment to the monstrous intent," he said while referring to the recent ordinance.
At the same time, PM Modi called upon the people to create an atmosphere for the safety of daughters. "Families will have to enhance the honour and respect of daughters. Families should also make their sons more responsible. In this way, the safety of daughters would not be a difficult task. We have to launch a social movement in this direction," he said.
हम परिवार में बेटियों को सम्मान देना सीखें, परिवार में बेटियों के महत्व को बढ़ाएं और परिवार में बेटों को उनकी जिम्मेदारी भी सिखाना शुरू करें। इसके लिए सभी को मिलकर देश में सामाजिक आन्दोलन शुरू करना होगा : पीएम मोदी — BJP (@BJP4India) April 24, 2018
The Union Cabinet on Saturday cleared the Ordinance chaired by PM Modi which provides death sentence for rapists of girls under 12 years. The minimum punishment in case of rape of women has been increased from the rigorous imprisonment of seven years to ten years, extendable to life imprisonment.
The Centre's decision came in the wake of a nationwide outrage over cases of sexual assault and murder of minors in Kathua in Jammu and Kashmir and Surat in Gujarat, and the rape of a girl in Unnao in Uttar Pradesh.
Meanwhile, PM Modi also talked about the welfare of tribals and farmers and asked the elected representatives of Panchayats to educate villagers to become self-dependent in farming. He urged the panchayat representatives to spend NREGA funds during the months of April, May and June only on works related to water conservation.
While talking about rural development, Budgets are important. But, there is a shift in the discourse in the last few years. People are now talking about the need to ensure that money allocated for a project is utilised and it is done in a timely as well as transparent manner: PM pic.twitter.com/QYn8OmIPzJ — PMO India (@PMOIndia) April 24, 2018
When our villages are transformed, India will be transformed: PM @narendramodi pic.twitter.com/MABEBrcc5Q — PMO India (@PMOIndia) April 24, 2018
"We should work for conserving rainwater. Panchayats should spend NREGA (MGNREGA) funds on water conservation during April, May and June. Every drop of rain should be conserved. This would not only save our money but also save villages from a water shortage. This would also help in agriculture," PM Modi said while addressing the National Panchayati Raj Sammelan at Ramnagar in the tribal-dominated Mandla district, PTI reported.
He added, "In 2022 when the country will celebrate the 75th anniversary of its independence, we should strive to make villages as dreamt by Mahatma Gandhi. It can be done by using manpower for developing villages, Van Dhan by collecting neem seeds for coating of urea and Gou Dhan by using cow dung for producing electricity, biogas and manure for becoming self-reliant."
As public representatives working across the villages, I appeal to you to focus on Jan Dhan, Van Dhan, Gobar Dhan. Ensure that people have Jan Dhan accounts and insurance coverage under the Government schemes : PM Modi pic.twitter.com/KhsFAjkM36 — BJP (@BJP4India) April 24, 2018
Earlier, PM Modi launched the Rashtriya Gram Swaraj Abhiyan, which seeks to strengthen the Panchayati Raj system and address the critical gaps that hinder its success. The Central government scheme aims at making rural local bodies self-sustaining, financially stable and more efficient.
The programme seeks to address problems that confront panchayats by enhancing their capacities and effectiveness and to promote the devolution of powers and responsibilities.
(With PTI inputs)
facebook Twitter email Share More Videos 1:34 Cowboys Jaylon Smith talks about the joy of hitting someone for first time in 572 days Pause 0:31 Cooper Rush explains his Jason Garrett impression 1:09 Dallas to Houston in 90 minutes? Texas Bullet Train could make that a reality 1:23 Jason Garrett evaluates his backup running backs 3:36 Burleson teachers groove to Bruno Mars hit 0:31 Tarrant County's 10 Most Wanted Criminals, August 9 2:28 South Main Street is new again after a major transformation 0:29 Man's body recovered at Grapevine Lake 1:12 New JPS Northeast clinic to replace old crowded location 1:36 Grapevine residents oppose bridge to keep green space Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select
facebook
facebook Twitter
twitter email The L.D. Bell choir remembered their friend and former president Tabatha Romaker with a special a cappella piece on Tuesday, May 9. Chris Harris, an L.D. Bell graduate, wrote “For You, I Sing Hallelujah” when he read about Romaker's death on Facebook and saw how much she meant to her friends and teachers. (Max Faulkner/Star-Telegram) mfaulkner@star-telegram.com
The L.D. Bell choir remembered their friend and former president Tabatha Romaker with a special a cappella piece on Tuesday, May 9. Chris Harris, an L.D. Bell graduate, wrote “For You, I Sing Hallelujah” when he read about Romaker's death on Facebook and saw how much she meant to her friends and teachers. (Max Faulkner/Star-Telegram) mfaulkner@star-telegram.com
WASHINGTON (AP) - Sales of new U.S. homes jumped 4 percent in March, propelled by a surge of buying in the West.
The Commerce Department said Tuesday that sales last month were at a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 694,000. The two prior months had their sales revised upward with the annual rate being 667,000 in February and 644,000 in January. For the first three months of 2018, sales are running 10.3 percent higher than a year ago.
Homebuyers are snapping up newly built houses as the economic outlook has continued to improve in recent months. Nor have the gains been derailed so far by 30-year mortgage rates climbing to their highest averages since early 2014.
Still, the solid sales growth for new homes also shows that many would-be buyers can't find existing homes that are available to purchase. Listings for existing homes sank to the lowest levels on record for March, the National Association of Realtors reported on Monday.
New homes tend to cost more than older properties. The median sales price of a new home rose 4.8 percent from a year ago to $337,200, a nearly $87,000 premium on the median cost of an existing home.
Prices for a new home are increasingly concentrated at higher price points. In 2016, 53 percent of new homes cost more than $300,000. That figure climbed to 60 percent for new homes sold in March.
The March increase was driven almost entirely by a 28.3 percent leap in sales in the West. New-home purchases rose slightly in the South, fell in the Midwest and plunged in the Northeast. The new home sales report can be volatile on a monthly basis, causing the numbers to be revised later.
The hunt for clues into the death of a Gold Coast man will continue over the weekend.
The hunt for clues into the death of a Gold Coast man will continue over the weekend.
The hunt for clues into the death of a Gold Coast man will continue over the weekend.
The body of Edward James Lockyer, 46, was located at his unit in Coolangatta on Thursday morning after an associate raised concerns about his welfare to police.
Police aren't sure but believe Mr Lockyer died several days before his remains were found, with reports suggesting his body could have been lying in the home since Monday.
Detective Inspector Marc Hogan said police were yet to determine a cause of death but said the body showed "signs of injury".
He said the crime scene at Mr Lockyer's unit was quite complex and would take forensic teams days to fully search.
"The crime scene is very involved," Det Insp Hogan said.
"I expect we will be there for several days. We're not leaving soon, because of the complexity of the crime scene."
Mr Lockyer lived alone at the unit and Det Insp Hogan said there was nothing in his history to suggest he was involved in any criminal activity.
He leaves behind an elderly mother and an adult daughter.
Police are urging anyone with information to come forward.
The federal government is working to beef up its ability to present simultaneous translation of the House of Commons proceedings from English and French into Indigenous languages and vice-versa, according to documents obtained by CBC News.
Currently simultaneous translation is offered only in English and French, Canada's two official languages.
However, offering interpretation services in Canada's Indigenous languages presents a huge logistical challenge.
According to the 2016 census, there are 70 Aboriginal languages in Canada divided into 12 language families: Algonquian languages, Inuit languages, Athabaskan languages, Siouan languages, Salish languages, Tsimshian languages, Wakashan languages, Iroquoian languages, Michif, Tlingit, Kutenai and Haida.
The latter three languages now have fewer than 500 speakers each.
Documents obtained by CBC News under the Access to Information Act warn that “the capacity of qualified freelance interpreters in Indigenous languages is extremely limited.”
“The [Translation] Bureau is working to develop this capacity and has assigned a senior interpreter to work on assessing and building capacity. Other factors to be considered are related to security clearance, travel (distances and costs are significant), and the ability to assess language skills in Indigenous languages, which is limited, as well,” says an internal briefing note from Public Services and Procurement Canada (PSPC), obtained by CBC News.
Speaker of the House of Commons Geoff Regan speaks for the 150th anniversary of the first meeting of the first Parliament of Canada as leaders rise to deliver statements in the House of Commons on Parliament Hill, in Ottawa on Monday, Nov. 6, 2017. © PC / Sean Kilpatrick
The issue came to the fore when Liberal MP from Winnipeg Robert-Falcon Ouellette gave a speech in Nehiyo, or Cree, in the House of Commons on May 4. Despite providing 48 hours' notice of his speech, Ouellette was unable to ensure that his oration was interpreted into English or French.
The 2016 census reported 1.67 million Indigenous people in Canada in 2016, accounting for 4.9 per cent of Canada's total population.
The number of Indigenous Canadians able to speak one of the 70 Aboriginal languages has also grown to 260,550 to speakers, an increase of 3.1 per cent since 2006. But decades of government policy to assimilate Indigenous Canadians and eradicate their unique and diverse cultures under the infamous Indian Residential School system have taken a very heavy toll.
Several Aboriginal languages are now “endangered,” with few speakers, although a few others are considered “viable” in the long term, according to Statistics Canada.
Ouellette says the Translation Bureau could start with five to 10 Indigenous interpreters, require 48 hours' notice from MPs and launch the service with the more common languages such as Cree, Ojibway and Inuktitut.
But Ouellette says something needs to happen soon, because Indigenous languages may be headed for extinction.
“These languages are dying out,” he said in an interview with CBC News. “If nothing is done within the next 10 to 15 years on these Indigenous languages in a significant way, they will be gone. We're actually at the cusp of the end. This is it.”
Based on reporting by Dean Beeby of CBC News
Polar bears have become an icon of the global warming movement. The theory is that global warming reduces the volume of Arctic sea ice, which in turn impacts polar bear habitat. Notwithstanding the fact that polar bears have survived through multiple ice ages and warm periods, and in recent years polar bear populations have grown rather than shrinking, the Left finds it convenient to use them for political purposes.
Polar Bear Science is a web site run by Susan Crockford, one of the world's leading experts on polar bears, with over 35 years of experience and many scientific publications. Recently, she was viciously attacked in the New York Times (where else) by leftists who were outraged that she pointed out the fact, based on published data, that climate alarmists' predictions about polar bear populations have not come true.
At Polar Bear Science, polar bear specialist Mitchell Taylor writes about scientific accountability in the degraded era in which we live. Who is Dr. Taylor?
Dr. Mitch Taylor was a member of the IUCN Polar Bear Specialist Group (PBSG) as a polar bear scientist representing Canada for 28 years (1981-2008) but in 2009 he was booted out by chairman Andrew Derocher for his skeptical views on human-caused global warming. The group then changed their rules on membership to justify their actions.
Dr. Taylor writes:
It has become a lot more difficult to talk about polar bears since they became an icon for climate change as a cause.
***
The new model [Regehr et al. 2016] guarantees that polar bears will decline by decoupling the model's population projections from climate model forecasts of sea ice conditions…. [Footnote: By de-coupling I meant that Regehr's model [Regehr et al. 2016] has no input from the GCMs [General Circulation Models] for sea ice dynamics. If you suddenly reduced CO2 levels somehow, the GCMs would respond by predicting an increase in sea ice. Regehr's model uses a simple regression fit to sea ice decline as measured since the satellite record began in 1979. As you know, sea ice declined faster than the GCMs predicted. So the PBSG has had given up on the climate models and now they just use the historical slope to project continued sea ice decline forward. In other words, their current argument for up-listing polar bears due to anthropogenic global warming is now entirely independent of atmospheric CO2 levels. It seems the PBSG agrees that climate models are not predictive with respect to sea ice which was their central argument for up-listing them in the first place.
As practiced by the alarmists, climate “science” has no integrity.
There are two ways to get a scientific consensus. One is to present the data and the analysis in a manner that is so persuasive that everyone is convinced. The other way is to exclude or marginalize anyone who does not agree. This occurs so commonly now that it has become an accepted practice. The practice of science has become secondary to governments, NGOs, journals, and scientists who feel that the ends justify the means. The response to Susan's work is politically motivated, not an argument against her conclusions. The journal's response to this article and to her complaint was also political. Sadly, BioScience is not a credible scientific journal anymore. We have fake news and fake science.
Fake science is a good description for pretty much all global warming alarmism.
PAPUA New Guinea, Jamaica, Niger and Guyana are not places you regularly hear music from, but then again Mullum Music Festival is an event to discover music gems.
This year, those gems are really exotic.
Festival Director Glenn Wright said that a good festival inspires creativity and helps turn a group of people into a community.
"Mullumbimby now has a thriving arts and cultural community and we are very proud that over the last 11 years Mullum Music has played a significant role in the town's renaissance. We're really excited about this year's program and can't wait to share it with our local community and the many music lovers who make an annual pilgrimage from all over the world and Australia to be with us," he said.
The first line up release includes some iconic and mystifying artists such as:
Bombino: Tuareg eyes
ICONIC: Omara 'Bombino' Moctar is a Nigerien singer-songwriter and guitarist. Vittorio Catti
Omara "Bombino" Moctar is a singer-songwriter and guitarist born in Niger.
His music is sung in Tamasheq language, and often address geopolitical concerns in Turag.
Born in 1980 in Tidene, Niger, a Tuareg encampment about 80 kilometers northeast of Agadez, Bombino is a member of the Ifoghas tribe, which belongs to the Kel Air Tuareg federation.
Following the outbreak of the Tuareg Rebellion in 1990, Bombino, along with his father and grandmother, were forced to flee to neighboring Algeria for safety.
He later studied with renowned Tuareg guitarist, Haja Bebe.
While living in Algeria and Libya in his teen years, Bombino and his friends watched videos of Jimi Hendrix, Mark Knopfler and others.
Filmmaker Hisham Mayet managed to track down and record Bombino and his electric band Group Bombino in 2007 during a wedding performance.
On April 1, 2016 Bombino released Azel.
Produced by David Longstreth of Dirty Projectors, the album brings Bombino's guitar playing to the forefront while staying true to his desert blues roots as he sings in his native language of Tamasheq.
Pitchfork's Andy Beta notes more specifically that the record "features a sublime iteration of desert blues that's both authentic and ambitious."
He has just released a new album, called Deran.
Kaiit: PNG neo-soul
Born in Papua New Guinea, songstress Kaiit has been singing in southeast Melbourne, where she is based, for as long as she can remember. SUPPLIED
No, it's not Ngaiire, but young songstress Kaiit.
Hailing from southeast Melbourne, the young songstress has been singing for as long as she can remember.
Born in Papua New Guinea, Kaiit grew up listening to alternative music, with her parents embracing the likes of Pink Floyd.
Kaiit is blessed with an enchanting voice that crosses musical boundaries.
Her love for jazz and neo-soul is evident in her music, drawing upon inspiration from her idols Amy Winehouse, Lauryn Hill and the contemporary sounds of Noname Gypsy and SZA.
Kaiit's artistic background in both beauty and fashion is apparent in her inimitable style and edgy aesthetic.
Jah9: Mystical Jamaica
Jamaican singer Janine Elizabeth Cunningham, better known as Jah9. SUPPLIED
Inspired by the open spaces in the instrumental dub of 1970s Jamaican roots music, Jah9 sings with a voice that belies the dimensions of her physical body, from a soul much older than its current vessel, reminiscent of the darkly operatic wailer for truth and justice, Nina Simone.
Her philosophy is profoundly spiritual, and her style is jazz on dub.
Born Janine Cunningham, Jah9 spent her first nine years in Falmouth, Trelawny, on the rural western edge of Jamaica, before moving into the city of Kingston in 1991.
Transplanted into the city, the country girl, used to the idyllic Falmouth where everyone knew everyone else, was suddenly struck by chaos disguised as order in Jamaica's capital.
Growing up with a preacher for a father and a social worker for a mother, Janine had always been aware of the injustices in the world.
It was not until she was on campus at the University of the West Indies that she would embark on a pivotal journey to find her true voice.
At UWI, she would gather with a group of fellow socially conscious and Rastafari brethren by a fire to steam herbs and reason for long hours.
There her heart was opened to the teachings of Haile Selassie I and her ears to the hypnotic bass of the heavy dub rhythms of roots reggae.
Janine eventually embraced her childhood nickname, Jah9, as she learnt the significance of the word "Jah" (the Rastafarian name of God) and the number "9", the symbol of creation and womb of the universe.
Mad Professor: Afro-Caribbean dub
Neil Fraser (A.K.A. Mad Professor) born in Guyana, raised in South London, has been at the backbone of the UK dub reggae scene since 1979. Contributed
Mad Professor (born Neil Joseph Stephen Fraser in Georgetown, Guyana) is an Afro-Caribbean dub music producer and engineer known for his original productions and remix work.
He is considered one of the leading producers of dub music's second generation, and was instrumental in transitioning dub into the digital age.
He has collaborated with reggae artists such as Lee 'Scratch' Perry, Sly and Robbie, Pato Banton, Jah Shaka and Horace Andy, as well as artists outside the realm of traditional reggae and dub, such as Sade, Massive Attack, The Orb, and Brazilian DJ Marcelinho da Lua, Grace Jones and Perry Farrel.
Mad Professor has released hundreds of original recordings and has worked with a number of reggae and non-reggae artists.
He is best known for his 12 instalments of the Dub Me Crazy series and 5 albums under the Black Liberation Dub banner.
He has also done a version of I&I for New Zealand reggae band Katchafire, three versions for New Zealand electronic group Salmonella Dub and twelve remixes for Japanese musician Ayumi Hamasaki.
Jammu: Police and security forces have launched a search operation in the border town of Samba along Jammu-Pathankot national highway following reports of suspected movement of four persons in the wee hours on Thursday.
Some labourers informed police about movement of four armed persons in civilian clothes from Samba main chowk on the highway towards SIDCO industrial area close to Basantar river belt.
Basantar river, which flows into Pakistan across the International Border (IB), is one of the main infiltration routes of militants into Jammu and Kashmir.
"Search operation was launched in Samba town along the highway after some people reported about suspected movement of four persons in the wee hours today," a senior police officer said.
"We searched the entire area and till now found nothing. CCTV footage showed some unarmed persons in civilian clothes," he said.
Police are appealing for witnesses after a woman was assaulted near Milverton Hill in Leamington.
The incident took place some time between 5pm and 6pm on Tuesday June 19, when a middle aged man grasped a woman round the throat on a footpath near the River Leam.
Two men and a woman are understood to have witnessed the incident and intervened, and took the man away from the scene. However they left without giving their details to the victim.
The suspect and his victim are known to each other and this was an isolated incident, with no risk to the wider community.
Enquiries are ongoing and officers are keen to identify and talk to the witnesses as soon as possible.
Anyone with any information is asked to call Warwickshire Police on 101 quoting incident number 104S 20062018 or crime reference number 23/25625/18546s 300518 and ask for details to be passed to the investigating officer PC Christopher Pitt.
Alternatively Crimestoppers can be contacted anonymously on 0800 555 11.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
ALLENTOWN, Pa. -- Investigators say Amy Yu, 16, and Kevin Esterly, 45, took off on March 5, leaving the Allentown area for Mexico where they were discovered this weekend.
"I hope he's in jail forever!" Amy's mother, Miu Luu says Esterly was obsessed with her daughter.
"Kevin with her, is a long time together before Amy was 16 years old. Amy's 8-years-old and goes to his house a lot of times. I have pictures of them, the families together. I can't believe Kevin would do that,” said Luu.
Amy and Esterly first met through church nearly a decade ago, according to family members.
Investigators say Amy was friendly with Esterly's oldest daughter.
He has four children, all daughters.
In recent years, Amy's mother says things became inappropriate.
Esterly reportedly rented an apartment near Amy's Allentown home and on 10 occasions, signed her out of her charter school in Bethlehem, pretending to be her step-father.
"That day, the police talked to Kevin. They said, 'You have no more contact.' So he's angry because I called the police,” said Luu.
Amy's mother showed Newswatch 16 text messages on her phone, which she says were from Kevin before he and Amy ran away.
One read, in part: "She is just a kid and the funny thing is at one point in her life, you were doing the right thing, you gave up when it got a little tough and I started to fix that kid and you guys made me stop for no reason."
An attorney for the Esterly family says Esterly's wife learned of the relationship and was furious. She was ready to go to police when she says Esterly took off with Amy.
The story grabbed national attention.
"I have a 12-year-old daughter. I couldn't fathom. I'm 46. It just doesn't make sense. There's something wrong with him,” said Thomas Canon of Allentown.
"I have a daughter of my own, and it just, it's scary. You don't know who to trust. It's sad. I'm glad she's home and safe,” said Saul Vachier of Allentown.
Esterly is being held in Florida and told a judge he wants to return to Pennsylvania.
As for Amy, her mother says Kevin Esterly poisoned her mind, and Amy does not want to return home, so she was briefly hospitalized and is now in a place that can help her with mental health care and other interventions.
"She doesn't want to go in the house. She doesn't want to see me. I go to the hospital. The nurse says she doesn't want to see anybody,” said Luu.
There is no word when Esterly will be brought back to the Allentown area.
The Esterly family attorney said Esterly's wife is in the process of filing for divorce.
Jordan Armenise
From Hamilton, Ontario, Canada, Jordan Armenise lives and breathes sports. It was a role with the CFL's Hamilton Tiger-Cats that provided him with a platform to merge his best attributes: sports knowledge and personality. While with the Ticats, Jordan was able to provide live performance experience in his role as the In-Game Host as well develop a digital portfolio of one-on-one sports interviews, digital sports episodic comedy and full length sports & news features as a Sports Reporter. He has also worked with CBC Sports for Hockey Night in Canada, the 2014 Sochi Olympics and Special Olympics as well as roles with Cineflix and Cream Productions as an Assistant Director in the Crime genres.
It's 50 years since Dundalk captured their third league title. The Lilywhites, managed by Welsh native Alan Fox, eased to the 1966/67 championship with seven-points to spare over title-rivals Bohemians.
Fox's men wrapped-up the League of Ireland crown in somewhat peculiar circumstances; as the Dundalk Democrat reported the morning after the Lilywhites were crowned champions having defeating Shamrock Rovers 2-0 – “Last night's win clears the air in a week of the greatest uncertainty in the history of the club.”
That was in reference to the events of the previous Sunday where Dundalk knew a victory in Sligo would guarantee them championship honours, and with Bohs going down to Drogheda on the same day, a point alone would have sufficed.
However, with less than two minutes to play in the Yeats County, the referee abandoned the game following a mass pitch invasion by the home support which left the league with a decision to make as to whether they would order a replay or allow the result to stand, which would have handed Dundalk the title.
No decision was forthcoming before the next Friday night when Dundalk hosted the Milltown men at Oriel Park. The victory over Rovers sealed a second title in four seasons for the Lilywhites in front of a crowd of roughly 10,000.
That season saw Dundalk complete a treble of sorts with the League of Ireland Shield and the Top-Four Cup also basing themselves in Oriel Park before the season was out.
The year could have been even better had the Lilywhites managed to avoid a 1-0 defeat to Bohs in the Leinster Senior Cup Final.
Still, Dundalk FC historian Jim Murphy is still very complementary of what the club achieved that season.
“It was one of the most successful seasons Dundalk have ever had, there's no question about it,” Murphy told the Dundalk Democrat.
“When you win three trophies and finish as runners-up in another it's a highly successful season.
“At the end of the day, whatever about wanting to see good football, what supporters look for is the winning of trophies and the 66/67 team did that in spades.”
Murphy also offers a good insight into the kind of team Dundalk were in those days.
“That team had probably some of the greatest goal scorers that Dundalk have ever had in Ben Hannigan, Danny Hale, Derek Stokes – all top-class goal scorers.
“My memory is that they must have scored 60 or 70 goals between them that year.
“And they were supported by tremendously hard-working wing-halves in Kevin Murray and Mick Millington.
“Overall, they were a very powerful and physically strong team, particularly in defence with the player-coach Alan Fox, with excellent goal scorers. They're amongst the best we have ever seen with the club.”
The team included two natives of Dundalk in Patsy ‘Tootsie' McKeown and Francie Callan, both of whom still reside locally. The pair were also the only two survivors from the previous title-winning side of 1962/63.
And McKeown, who made almost 350 appearances for the club across 12 seasons, looks back on that team as one of the best he played on.
“It probably would have been a better team than the one who won the league in 1962/63,” McKeown said.
“I don't know if it had better footballers but we certainly had a good team in 66/67 having brought in a lot of new players like Jim Burke and Danny Hale.
“There was plenty of excitement around the town about the team. The pitch at Oriel Park had also improved which helped our football because before that you would have thought there was cattle grazing on it and there was a big hill on the field too.”
The previous pitch was unique for the gradient on it which sloped towards the Ardee Road end of the ground. However, when a new board took over at Oriel Park in 1966, high on their list of priorities was to improve the pitch which coincided with its direction moving 90 degrees, the installation of a new stand and later, the erection of the ground's first set of floodlights.
Local businessman Tom McGrath was the driving force behind the new board and Murphy believes the infrastructural changes that McGrath pushed for had a big impact on the success of Dundalk that season.
“There was also a new board who came in and provided the finances that bought the team, got in the manager, built the stand and later built the floodlights.
“Everything was new and there was that whole impression of newness, particularly when we went up for the first home match and you saw the Oriel Park pitch turned around 90 degrees. So there was a sense of a new era and it turned out to be a new era and became known as the Fox era. Even though Fox himself was only there for a season and a bit.”
Callan, the sixth highest goal scorer in the club's history, reflects fondly upon the atmosphere in the town and at games in the aftermath of Oriel Park's redevelopment, especially with the team performing so well.
“The atmosphere was just electric. I think 14,000 people jammed into Oriel Park for a Shield game with Shamrock Rovers.
“Compare it to now. 5,000 in Oriel Park and it's jam packed.
“We were a very strong team, although I still prefer the 62/63 team because the 66/67 side was more or less a bought team.
“But, I suppose when the new committee came in and developed the ground and picked up all the best players from around both the League of Ireland and the Irish League, you couldn't argue.
“Fair play to the committee for getting the team because it was a very, very strong team with outstanding players.
“And, to be fair, any team who wins the league has to have very good footballers but, to me, I always thought of it as a bought team.”
McKeown and Callan harbour good memories of the team's player-coach Alan Fox, with both having tales to tell about the kind of person the Welshman was.
“I got on well with Alan,” said McKeown.
“But, I think he was a bit of a bluffer,” he laughed. “He said he had trained all these teams in England but the truth was he hadn't.”
“Our training would have been running around the outside of the field, while he would run on the inside and cut corners,” he quipped.
“He certainly brought great publicity to the place though. Him along with the new committee.”
While, Callan remembers the day that Fox came to meet with the board to discuss the possibility of taking the job. The former inside-forward even reminisces about how Fox brought ‘his agent' with him.
“I got on well with Alan,” Callan said firstly.
“I'd played against him in England, he was a solid centre-half who I played against when I was with Doncaster and he was with Wrexham.
“I was supposed to be painting at the time but I was mostly out training in Oriel Park and I met Alan before he went in for the interview.
“His first question was about money and ‘had they got any,” he laughed.
“His wife was there with him and he had to okay any terms with her before agreeing to them. He came out the first time and was happy to settle on what the board had offered, but she told him it wasn't enough so he had to go in and ask for more.
“They must have given him more I suppose…”
The prize for winning the league that year was a trip to Spain to play in the ‘Spanish Cup'.
A competition which the Lilywhites won.
“That was a reward for winning the league,” Callan revealed.
“Although we mostly played Spanish third and fourth division teams in it. It wasn't Atletico Madrid or anyone like that.”
That season proved to be Callan's last in a Dundalk shirt as he moved north to play with Portadown before finishing his career back in the League of Ireland with Drumcondra.
“I was probably coming to the end of my career at that stage. I was retained for the following season but there was no sign of a contract as the new season neared and when they did offer me one, they were on the minimum terms.
“So Johnny Fearon who was training Portadown at the time asked me to go up to them and I thought, ‘I might as well sample the Irish league before I finish my career, so I went.”
Meanwhile, McKeown finished his playing days with Dundalk although it was ultimately a double leg-break in a game in the Netherlands which put an end to his career.
The 1966/67 season is ultimately one that stands out in the long, illustrious history of Dundalk FC and, author of ‘The History of Dundalk FC, Murphy feels that season and football at that time can be summed in with the following:
“Remember this,” he said.
“The last match in the Shield that year was against Shamrock Rovers and the attendance was 14,000. It was reported that there were 40 buses left Milltown that morning for Dundalk.
“That just gives you the idea of the sense of occasion and excitement that there was. Where would you get 14,000 people now. Into Oriel Park? Definitely not,” he finished.
NEW DELHI: A Mumbai-London British Airways flight declared an emergency over Iranian airspace and was rerouted to land at the nearest major airport in Baku, the capital of Azerbaijan. The apparent reason, by a passenger who seems to be on the flight, was smoke in the first class cabin of the flight.
The flight, BA198, was rerouted to Baku 'squawking 7700'. That's aviation code for when the crew of a flight declares an emergency and requests immediate assistance from all air traffic control centres in the region.
A trace of the flight path on flight-tracking site Flighradar showed BA198, a Boeing 777-300 ER, departing from Mumbai, flying into Pakistani airspace over Balochistan, entering Iranian airspace and issuing the emergency call just as it was about to leave Iranian air.
Flightradar said soon after notifying of the alert that the plane had touched down at Baku with a technical difficulty.
However, as is common in cases like this, there was little clarity on what this technical issue was. Till a tweet emerged from a person who seems to have been on the flight. Sylvia Traganida, a Greek journalist tweeted, "First 3.5-hour delay at #Mumbai due to #snow ? in #London. Now stuck in #Baku due to technical fault (smoke in 1st class). Makes me wish I were still in #Goa! ?? #India (not the best end to my #holiday)."
First 3.5-hour delay at #Mumbai due to #snow ? in #London. Now stuck in #Baku due to technical fault (smoke in 1st class). Makes me wish I were still in #Goa! ?? #India (not the best end to my #holiday) @British_Airways #BA198 — Sylvia Traganida (@sylviatra) December 11, 2017
There has been no official word from British Airways on the incident yet, except for advisories that delays can be expected on flights routed through London, thanks to a snow storm.
Related Coverage San Francisco UPS shooting leaves 4 dead, including gunman
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — A United Parcel Service driver who opened fire during a meeting with co-workers had filed a grievance that he was working excessive overtime and appeared to specifically go after the three drivers he killed before fatally shooting himself.
Jimmy Lam, 38, filed the grievance in March complaining of too much overtime and requesting that the package delivery company relieve him of working extra hours going forward, Joseph Cilia, an official with a Teamsters Union local that represents UPS workers in San Francisco, told The Associated Press.
During a Wednesday morning meeting, Lam walked up to driver Benson Louie and shot him. As his co-workers frantically fled the room, he shot Wayne Chan in the back, and then walked up to him and “finished him.” Mike Lefiti was fleeing from the building when Lam went out onto the street and shot him, Cilia said witnesses told him.
“It's senseless. I can't think of anything. Why him? Why them?” Cilia asked. “I can't put it together.”
Related: San Francisco UPS shooting leaves 4 dead, including gunman
Officials late Wednesday confirmed San Francisco residents Louie, 50, and Chan, 56, and 46-year-old Lefiti, of Hercules, were killed in the shooting.
Two other UPS employees were wounded, but Cilia said both were released from the hospital.
Amid a barrage of gunfire, some workers sought refuge on the roof of the four-story facility, while others ran outside and pounded on the windows of a public bus, witnesses said.
“They were screaming, ‘Go! Go! Go!'” said Jessica Franklin, 30, who was riding to work when the bus made a regular stop in front of the UPS facility. “As they got on the bus, they were all ducking.”
Auto shop owner Robert Kim said he saw “a mob of UPS drivers” running down the street screaming “Shooter! Shooter!”
The shooting prompted a massive police response in one of the city's industrial neighborhoods, about 2 miles (3 kilometers) from downtown San Francisco, Assistant Police Chief Toney Chaplin told reporters.
UPS spokesman Steve Gaut said the shooter was a company employee. A San Francisco Police Department official identified Lam, 38, and said he's from San Francisco but had no immediate details on his background.
The official spoke on condition of anonymity because the investigation is ongoing.
Lefiti's cousin, Mack Toia, told KGO-TV (http://abc7ne.ws/2sch61d) he was at the UPS facility waiting to pick up Lefiti when shots rang out. He left his van and saw his cousin sprawled on concrete behind a gate, Toia said.
“The police officers were right on the scene just like that. I got to touch him, but I couldn't hug him,” Toia said. “They just pushed me away because they were trying to resuscitate him.”
Co-worker Isaiah Miggins said he saw Lefiti, known as “Big Mike,” as he arrived for work just before 9 a.m., a few minutes before the shooting started. “He was a joyful man. Always happy,” Miggins said.
On social media, heartbroken family members of Lefiti recalled him as a warm-spirited man devoted to his children and family. A photo on his Facebook page shows Lefiti in his brown UPS uniform holding a trophy. He also posted photos of his UPS truck and an award for 15 years of service to the company in 2015.
Chaplin said police have not determined a motive.
A 30-year-old tech worker who lives across the street from the warehouse said he heard up to eight gunshots.
“They were all in rapid succession,” said Raymond Deng. “It was like tat, tat, tat, tat, tat, tat, tat.”
Deng watched from his window in the Potrero Hill section of San Francisco as workers fled the building. He said another group of about 10 people gathered on the roof and held up their hands waving for help.
“I saw police officers go up from the ramp and then storm the buildings,” he said. “It's crazy.”
Officers found two victims outside and others inside and pulled the wounded to safety as they confronted the gunman, who was armed with an “assault pistol,” Chaplin said.
“The suspect put the gun to his head and discharged the weapon,” Chaplin said, adding that police did not fire any shots. Two guns were recovered at the scene, he said.
The shooting occurred the same day a gunman opened fire on Republican lawmakers at a congressional baseball practice in Virginia, wounding U.S. Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana and several others.
___
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
“Arise and take our stand for freedom as in the olden time.” Winston Churchill
“Proclaim Liberty throughout All the land unto All the Inhabitants Thereof.” Inscription on the Liberty Bell
New vehicles park at a Chinese automobile factory in Shenyang, Liaoning province, June 24, 2014. REUTERS/Stringer
BEIJING China's economic growth remained stable in the first quarter of 2017, the state planner said on Thursday.
China's economy likely grew by a solid 6.8 percent in the first quarter, the same pace as the previous quarter, due to sustained government infrastructure spending and a gravity-defying housing market, a Reuters poll of 60 economists showed.
The National Development and Reform Commission also said on Thursday that China approved 240.9 billion yuan (£27.88 billion) of fixed-asset investments in the first quarter.
(Reporting by Kevin Yao; Editing by Kim Coghill)
SOUTHINGTON, Conn. (WTNH) – A Southington woman is facing charges after a four-year-old boy was found wandering alone.
Early Sunday evening, police got a call about a young boy wandering alone near West Center Street and Bristol Street.
Police say the boy had been playing in the front yard of a home on Germania Street with another child who is a relative and walked off.
Officials say 47-year-old Tracy Dagata was in the back yard and didn't see the child leave.
Dagata is charged with Risk of Injury to a Child, and has been released on $2500 bond. The child was not hurt.
Noise Awareness is the latest addition to to Engage in Learning range of health & safety e-learning programmes.
Becoming the 21st title in Engage in Learning's health & safety portfolio – one of six equally well-stocked portfolios from the UK-based firm – the Noise Awareness programme reveals that:
• Loud noises account for some 20% of hearing loss in adults,
• Over 2m people in the UK are exposed to noise levels that may be harmful,
• 90 new cases of hearing loss are reported each year in the UK and
• 16% of disabling hearing loss is caused by noise at work.
Moreover, according to the charity, Action on Hearing Loss,
• There are 11m people with hearing loss across the UK – some one in six of the population.
• By 2035, there are likely to be some 15.6m people with hearing loss across the UK – that's one in five.
• There are currently some 50,000 children with hearing loss in the UK. Around half of these were born with hearing loss while the other half lose their hearing during childhood.
• An estimated 900,000 people in the UK have severe or profound hearing loss.
• More than 40% of people over 50 years old have hearing loss – and this rises to 71% of people over the age of 70.
• Around one in ten UK adults has tinnitus.
In addition, Action on Hearing Loss has found that:
• 70% of people with hearing loss say that this hearing loss has sometimes prevented them from fulfilling their potential at work.
• 35% of business leaders surveyed in a YouGov poll don't feel confident about employing a person with hearing loss.
“As far as hearing loss is concerned, the old saying is true: prevention is better than cure,” said Engage in Learning's Managing Director, Chris Horseman. “So we've produced our Noise Awareness programme – to set out the potential dangers of prolonged exposure to noise and to offer ways of reducing the risk of both temporary and permanent hearing loss.
“The ‘loudness' of normal conversation tends to be between 60 and 65 decibels – and human beings can cope with these sorts of decibel levels,” he explained. “However, modern life has produced personal stereos, emergency services vehicles' sirens, unremitting noise from industrial machines and so on.
“Among the advice in our new programme is that, to protect your hearing, you should find a quiet environment from time to time – to allow your ears to recover from the high noise levels they've experienced.
“When you're exposed to loud noises and/or high noise levels, you should wear ear plugs, ear protectors or headphones.
“When listening to your music, you should choose noise-cancelling headphones – or wear old-style muff headphones because these block out background noise and allow you to lower the volume of the music. Earbud style, in-the-ear, headphones are less effective at drowning out background noise.
“Take regular breaks from your headphones, though – to give your ears time to recover and readjust,” he added. “And it's always good advice to turn down the volume levels on TVs, computers, music players and so on to the lowest setting where you can hear comfortably.”
Engage in Learning's programmes are designed to be dynamic, ‘pacey' and media-rich, contriving to build knowledge and develop self-awareness in learners. They engage learners with interactivity, humour, and storytelling – and the new Noise Awareness programme is no exception to this.
For further details of the Noise Awareness programme visit: https://www.engageinlearning.com/course/noise-awareness/
Google yesterday introduced its new Family Link app for iOS users. The app was already available on Android devices after last month's launch. We know that the app is made keeping parents in mind, who wish to monitor their children's online activity. The app allows the users to see things like screen time and apps downloaded from Google Play. One can also set restrictions on the internet use of their kids.
Previously the Family Link app could only monitor android devices through a connected Google account, but the new iOS version of the app doesn't require the users to own an android device. People now have the option to monitor their kids' Android devices using an iPhone as well. You can use the app to monitor any Android device that runs on Nougat.
Also Read: Google could be prepping a device codenamed 'Bisto'
All you need to do is, make a Google account within the app. You can set time restrictions and see which apps are being opened by your children.
You can set a bed time and even lock the device for some time. In addition to this, Family Link enables you to block certain apps from Google Play.
However, the iOS version of the app seems to have the same features as its Android counterpart. It is expected that the app will now get more attention as there are a lot of iPhone users in the US.
When Family Link was first unveiled in March, Google said that people would have to request to join the program as the app was still in its developing stage.
With the launch of iOS version, we may assume that the app is working all fine now.
The Markle effect: 6 wedding trends inspired by the royal wedding
Photo: Aaron Chown / Associated Press Image 1 of / 10 Caption Close Image 1 of 10 Britains Prince Harry and Meghan Markle ride in an open-topped carriage after their wedding ceremony at St. George's Chapel in Windsor Castle in Windsor, near London, England, Saturday, May 19, 2018. Britain's Prince Harry and Meghan Markle ride in an open-topped carriage after their wedding ceremony at St. George's Chapel in Windsor Castle in Windsor, near London, England, Saturday, May 19, 2018. Photo: Aaron Chown / Associated Press Image 2 of 10 The wedding cake by Claire Ptak of London bakery Violet Cakes in Windsor Castle for the royal wedding of Meghan Markle and Prince Harry on May 19, 2018 in Windsor, England. The wedding cake by Claire Ptak of London bakery Violet Cakes in Windsor Castle for the royal wedding of Meghan Markle and Prince Harry on May 19, 2018 in Windsor, England. Photo: WPA Pool / Getty Images Image 3 of 10 Claire Ptak, Owner of Violet Bakery in Hackney, east London puts finishing touches on the cake for the Royal Wedding of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle in the kitchens at Buckingham Palace on May 17, 2018 in London England. less Claire Ptak, Owner of Violet Bakery in Hackney, east London puts finishing touches on the cake for the Royal Wedding of Prince Harry and Meghan Markle in the kitchens at Buckingham Palace on May 17, 2018 in ... more Photo: WPA Pool / Getty Images Image 4 of 10 Prince Harry and Meghan Markle kiss on the steps of St. George's Chapel in Windsor Castle in Windsor, near London, England, after their wedding ceremony Saturday, May 19, 2018. Harry did not shave for the occasion, as is typical British military custom. less Prince Harry and Meghan Markle kiss on the steps of St. George's Chapel in Windsor Castle in Windsor, near London, England, after their wedding ceremony Saturday, May 19, 2018. Harry did not shave for the ... more Photo: Ben Birchhall / Associated Press Image 5 of 10 In this photo released by Kensington Palace on Monday May 21, 2018, shows an official wedding photo of Britain's Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, center, in Windsor Castle, Windsor, England, Saturday May 19, 2018. Others in photo from left, back row, Jasper Dyer, Camilla, Duchess of Cornwall, Prince Charles, Doria Ragland, Prince William; center row, Brian Mulroney, Prince Philip, Queen Elizabeth II, Kate, Duchess of Cambridge, Princess Charlotte, Prince George, Rylan Litt, John Mulroney; front row, Ivy Mulroney, Florence van Cutsem, Zalie Warren, Remi Litt. less In this photo released by Kensington Palace on Monday May 21, 2018, shows an official wedding photo of Britain's Prince Harry and Meghan Markle, center, in Windsor Castle, Windsor, England, Saturday May 19, ... more Photo: Alexi Lubomirski / Associated Press Image 6 of 10 The Greta crepe off-the-shoulder dress is from San Francisco designer Amy Kuschel's More Than a Pretty Dress collection. The Greta crepe off-the-shoulder dress is from San Francisco designer Amy Kuschel's More Than a Pretty Dress collection. Photo: Courtesy Amy Kuschel Image 7 of 10 The silk crepe Jamie, with its austere bateau neckline, is from San Francisco designer Amy Kuschel's More Than a Pretty Dress collection. The silk crepe Jamie, with its austere bateau neckline, is from San Francisco designer Amy Kuschel's More Than a Pretty Dress collection. Photo: Courtesy Amy Kuschel Image 8 of 10 The lacy Bluebell & Bloom Topper is from San Francisco designer Amy Kuschel's More Than a Pretty Dress collection. The lacy Bluebell & Bloom Topper is from San Francisco designer Amy Kuschel's More Than a Pretty Dress collection. Photo: Courtesy Amy Kuschel / Image 9 of 10 The Harlem gown by San Francisco designer Amy Kuschel. The Harlem gown by San Francisco designer Amy Kuschel. Photo: Courtesy Amy Kuschel Image 10 of 10 The bouquet carried by Meghan Markle during her wedding to Britain's Prince Harry, Duke of Sussex, and later laid on the grave of the Unknown Warrior inside Westminster Abbey in London included Forget-Me-Knots (a favorite of Diana, Princess of Wales) that Harry had picked from the Kensington Palace garden, as well as sweet peas, lily of the valley, astilbe, jasmine, astrantia and a sprig of myrtle. less The bouquet carried by Meghan Markle during her wedding to Britain's Prince Harry, Duke of Sussex, and later laid on the grave of the Unknown Warrior inside Westminster Abbey in London included ... more Photo: Victoria Jones / AFP / Getty Images The Markle effect: 6 wedding trends inspired by the royal wedding 1 / 10 Back to Gallery
The wedding of Prince Harry of Wales and American actress Meghan Markle (now titled Duke and Duchess of Sussex) combined royal tradition with American dazzle. Some of the ceremony's touches were big pop-culture moments (the Kingdom Gospel Choir's performance of “Stand by Me”), while others were more intimate (the handpicked forget-me-nots included in the bridal bouquet to honor the duke's late mother, Diana, Princess of Wales). Auction site eBay is already reporting a “Meghan effect”: a 47 percent jump in searches related to the royal bride, and five times more Meghan-related searches in the U.S. than in the U.K. Here are six takeaway trends from the Sussex wedding that don't require a Windsor-level budget.
1. Streamlined duchess dressing: The Givenchy wedding gown by Clare Waight Keller that the duchess wore was sleek but dreamy, with a minimum of frills. “I thought the simplicity was really noteworthy,” says Roseanne Morrison, fashion director of New York trend forecasting service the Doneger Group. “It's in line with her style for sure.” As a 36-year-old woman on her second marriage, an over-embellished, voluminous dress (a la previous royal weddings) would have felt fussy and inappropriate for a modern, feminist bride. “I also loved the fact that her veil was her train. It was elegant and lightweight, not like the one they had to carry with Princess Diana,” says Morrison. .
2. La belle boat neck: The boat neck, or bateau neckline, was one of the most notable design elements of Markle's wedding gown. The wide, almost-to-the-shoulder points neckline is a signature of nautical fashion and was a frequent favorite of Hubert Givenchy when dressing Audrey Hepburn in the 1950s and '60s. It's a look that is almost universally flattering and reveals just a touch of skin, exposing the delicate area between the shoulder and collarbone. Or, as Morrison put it, “The open neckline was prim and proper, and yet revealed her best asset.” San Francisco dressmaker Amy Kuschel, who sketched her vision for Markle's dress in January, already had similar styles to what Markle actually wore in her More Than a Pretty Dress collection, and the long-sleeved Bacall style for BHLDN's wedding line.
3. Harry's hirsute style: The newly anointed Duke of Sussex defied military protocol by not shaving his beard, one of his style signatures. The recommendation for grooms has traditionally been to go clean-shaven on the big day, but as Morrison notes, “So many guys rock the beard today. So he's being a little rebellious? Well, that's in his nature.”
4. The natural look: One thing the duchess wasn't shy about revealing was her freckles. “The trend is natural beauty, especially sans heavy eye makeup,” says Morrison. “Most people love the natural trend and can adopt it.” The duchess also chose a natural lip palette and a loosely pulled-back, low bun. “A lot of brides opt for putting their hair up; it was more traditional in that respect,” says Morrison. “It went with her veil.”
5. Crowning glory: Morrison says that following royal weddings, tiaras traditionally resurge in bridal fashion. Sure enough, eBay reported 1,200 searches for tiaras on May 19, the royal wedding date, up 72 percent from the day prior. The duchess wore Queen Mary's 1932 diamond bandeau tiara, whose center jewel brooch dates to 1893. The key to wearing a tiara or other jeweled headpiece, is to keep it simple and uncluttered. “It wasn't overdone,” says Morrison. “It worked in the frame of her ensemble.”
6. Sweet finish: Another royal wedding signature anticipated to translate into the broader wedding industry is the lemon-elderflower flavored wedding cake by Claire Ptak, who grew up in Point Reyes and is an alumnus of Mills College and the Chez Panisse restaurant. Using local and seasonal ingredients, Ptak created different-sized cakes, rather than one high stacked version, and used a “rough” frosting with fresh flowers for a homegrown, rustic touch that felt contemporary, and very California.
Tony Bravo is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: tbravo@sfchronicle.com
May 2 Liberty Oilfield Services Inc
* Liberty Oilfield Services Inc sees ipo of 20 million shares of its class a common stock priced between $12.00 and $13.00 per share - sec filing
* Liberty Oilfield Services Inc had previously expected ipo of 22.9 million shares of its class a common stock priced between $16.00 and $19.00 per share Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Global sales of smartphones to end users totaled 383 million units in the third quarter of 2017, a 3 percent increase over the same period in 2016, according to market research firm Gartner, Inc.
The firm said that all of the top five smartphone vendors (Samsung, Huawei, Oppo, Xiaomi) achieved double-digit growth apart from Apple, which achieved a 5.7 percent increase.
“Despite market weakness in China, sales of smartphones rose in the third quarter of 2017,” said Anshul Gupta, research director at Gartner. “Emerging Asia/Pacific (15 percent increase) and North America (11.2 percent increase) drove the smartphone growth in the quarter.”
“In emerging Asia Pacific, both Samsung and Huawei saw healthy demand as along with Xiaomi and Vivo, which were able to grow their footprint outside their home markets,” added Mr. Gupta. “In North America, Samsung was the driving force in the quarter due to its new flagship products.”
Samsung's smartphone sales recorded a double-digit increase (19.3 percent) in the third quarter of 2017. “Renewed pushes of the newly designed Galaxy S8, S8+ and Note 8 smartphones have brought back growing demand for Samsung smartphones, which helped it compete against Chinese manufacturers and deliver a solid performance in the quarter,” said Gupta. “The last time Samsung achieved a double-digit growth was in the fourth quarter of 2015.”
Apple's sales grew 5.7 percent year over year. Apple returned to growth in China and also saw strong sales in many of the emerging markets, including India. This is due to the continued sales of legacy iPhones, including the iPhone 5S which retails at around $240 street price in most markets, Gartner said.
Worldwide Smartphone Sales to End Users by Vendor in 3Q17 (Thousands of Units), Gartner (November 2017):
Vendor 3Q17 Units 3Q17 Market Share (%) 3Q16 Units 3Q16 Market Share (%) Samsung 85,605.3 22.3 71,733.5 19.3 Apple 45,441.9 11.9 43,000.7 11.6 Huawei 36,501.8 9.5 32,489.5 8.7 OPPO 29,449.2 7.7 24,590.8 6.6 Xiaomi 26,853.2 7.0 14,926.1 4.0 Others 159,552.1 41.6 185,501.5 49.8 Total 383,403.5 100.0 372,242.0 100.0
Xiaomi achieved the strongest growth, exhibiting an 80 percent increase in the third quarter of 2017. Xiaomi's growth came more from international markets than from China, where it faces strong competition from Huawei, Oppo and Vivo. India continues to be the biggest and highest-growth market for Xiaomi outside China, but growing sales from Latin America and Russia are also boosting its sales.
Greater China exhibited a decline of 11 percent in the third quarter due to consolidation around local and lesser-known brands. Buyers are preferring known and high-priced smartphones, which is cannibalizing demand of budget smartphones from local brands. In Western Europe and North America, demand for premium smartphones from top brands led to smartphone sales growth in the third quarter.
Top-Five Regions for Smartphone Sales to End Users in 3Q17 (Thousands of Units), Gartner (November 2017):
Vendor 3Q17 Units 3Q17 Market Share (%) 3Q16 Units 3Q16 Market Share (%) Greater China 107,129.0 27.9 120,343.9 32.3 Emerging APAC 81,549.0 21.3 70,927.8 19.1 North America 47,511.3 12.4 42,722.9 11.5 Western Europe 36,019.8 9.4 32,900.7 8.8 Latin America 33,553.5 8.8 31,162.0 8.4 Others 77,640.9 20.2 74184.7 19.9 Total 383,403.5 100.0 372,242.0 100.0
Leading Chinese manufacturers Oppo, Huawei, Vivo and Xiaomi continued to drive sales across emerging markets, led by their mid-price and budget smartphones with a focus on 4G LTE connectivity and better cameras.
“The arrival of Apple's new flagship iPhones at the end of the third quarter of 2017 has delayed smartphone purchases into the fourth quarter of 2017,” said Gupta. “Following compelling offers on Black Friday and Cyber Monday, the holiday season will likely boost sales of smartphones before the end of the year. We estimate the fourth quarter's smartphone sales will boost total sales for the full year. We expect smartphone sales will reach 1.57 billion units in 2017,” concluded Gupta.
Elizabeth Fitzmaurice, 87, a sister of the Holy Child Jesus who made her mark within the Catholic community as an educator and administrator, died Friday, May 25, of cardiac arrest at the Hearth at Drexel, an assisted-living facility in Bala Cynwyd.
Sister Elizabeth was a six-decade member of the Society of the Holy Child Jesus, which is based in Rosemont. She entered the order right out of high school in 1949 and made her final vows in 1957.
Starting in 1952, Sister Elizabeth taught at St. Edward Elementary School in Philadelphia. She moved on to schools in New York, California, and Washington, D.C., before returning to the Philadelphia area in 1963. She was the principal at Holy Child Academy in Sharon Hill from 1963 to 1971.
Sister Elizabeth was well-loved and respected by her students, and many kept in touch with her throughout their lives, especially alumnae of Holy Child Academy in Sharon Hill.
“Many of the students said she was an inspiration to them and impacted their lives,” said a friend and colleague, Sister Carroll Julianio.
Between 1962 and 1965, leaders in the worldwide Catholic Church convened the Second Vatican Council, the first ecumenical meeting of its kind in 100 years. In the sessions, Catholics dedicated themselves to spiritual renewal and to making religious life deeper and more relevant to Christians in the modern world.
“It was a time of change and upheaval,” said Sister Carroll. “As we moved into this time of renewal, we thought, ‘Is this the best way to structure ourselves as women of the church?' ”
Against this backdrop in 1970, Sister Elizabeth was named to the leadership team for the Rosemont Province, or geographical division governing the religious order. Three years later, she was appointed the Rosemont Province leader.
In 1976, Sister Elizabeth made history by taking the three provinces governing the order in the United States – the Rosemont, New York, and Western provinces including Oregon and California – and forming one American Province. She had the vision to see change was needed and played a key role in the reorganization, Sister Carroll said.
The American Province is the only one covering the United States, although not all states are represented. There are about 125 sisters who are members.
“She formed it into a model that still continues today,” Sister Carroll said. After the reorganization was complete, Sister Elizabeth became the first leader of the American Province.
At the first meeting Sister Elizabeth convened she issued a challenge: “Sisters, get up and move,” she said. It was a call to action, said Sister Carroll, to embrace and make personal the changes of Vatican II.
Under Sister Elizabeth's tenure, social ministries such as legal counseling, feeding the poor, helping with parish administration, offering spiritual counseling, and teaching in Catholic schools were given priority, and they remain so today. She served as the American Province leader for two consecutive terms, ending in 1983. Others led the province until Sister Carroll took over the job last June.
Sister Elizabeth was born to Thomas E. and Madeline Fitzmaurice in Kenosha, Wis. At age 16, she moved to Waukegan, Ill., and graduated from Holy Child High School in 1949. She earned a bachelor of arts in history from Loyola Marymount University in 1960, and a master's degree in the same subject from Catholic University of America in 1969.
Following her leadership role in the religious society, Sister Elizabeth accepted a job as dean of student affairs at Weston Jesuit School of Theology in Cambridge, Mass.
In 1995, she retired from the school and moved to Concord, Mass. She returned to the Philadelphia area last year for health reasons.
Sister Elizabeth had a brother and sister who died earlier. She is survived by a niece, nephews, and a cousin.
A Mass of Christian Burial will be at 11 a.m. Thursday, May 31, at Holy Child Chapel, 1341 Montgomery Ave., Rosemont. Burial will follow in Calvary Cemetery in Conshohocken.
Memorial donations may be made to the Society of the Holy Child Jesus–American Province, 1341 Montgomery Ave., Rosemont, Pa. 19010, or via www.shcj.org/american/donate.
Green Day's political punk masterpiece is timelier than ever
Jimmy Flynn
THE SANTA CLARA
February 9, 2017
Thirteen years ago, while our country waged war against the Iraqis under false pretenses and geared up for Kerry v. Bush, Green Day was coming off a decade of irrelevance.
Though their 1994 album, “Dookie,” had forever cemented them as rock royalty, their follow-up studio albums (“Insomniac,” “Nimrod” and “Warning”) were poorly received by critics and audiences. It seemed three chords, heavy drums and screeching lyrics weren't enough anymore. People needed more.
Enter 2004's “American Idiot”—Green Day's comeback album—and the greatest rock ‘n roll album of the 21st Century. But perhaps most importantly, the album tackled the question of, “What the hell is going on in our country right now?”
Structured as a rock opera, “American Idiot” told the tale of Jesus of Suburbia, St. Jimmy and Whatsername—three outlaws trying to navigate the incendiary times surrounding the album's release. Lead singer Billie Joe Armstrong's rebellious, aggressive lyrics dominated the album—attacking our country's military, government and mis-underestimated Cheney puppet, George W. Bush. The album also hit familiar punk themes such as alienation, coping and loss of individuality.
If anything, “American Idiot” provided a glimpse into a nation paralyzed by ideological disconnect. Citizens were frustrated, politicians acted like insolent babies, allies turned their backs to us and the media polluted everyone's brains with violent war images, talks of an unstable stock market, coverage of corruption in the Catholic Church and reports of sports players using PEDs.
Sound familiar?
Because of this nationwide confusion that the album so beautifully taps into, I believe— now more so than ever—our country needs to hear “American Idiot.”
It's no secret that our country's current divisiveness and lack of empathy for one another—domestically and foreignly—has made things feel a little chilly, a little Cold War-ish. Fearful times such as these—where threats of a nuclear holocaust or losing basic morality lurk around every corner—demand an outlet for us to vent our frustration.
In this regard, protests are the most constructive method, as we've seen in recent weeks. Social media movements have provided the most convenient option. But in terms of day-to-day relief, nothing kills the demons better than some good ol' fashioned punk rock.
Track by track, “American Idiot” showcases iconic guitar riffs, foot-tapping drums and razor-sharp lyrics that perfectly encapsulate the views of the disillusioned (i.e. those put off by the crumbling of every major institution in America).
The eponymous song features the line, “Well maybe I'm the f****t, America / I'm not a part of your redneck agenda.” Though curiously discouraged by our society, this form of rage-fueled, politically incorrect free speech typifies the album, providing an acidic voice for those who feel the government is out of touch with current sociopolitical issues.
The song also points out that we are “one nation controlled by the media” and how our 24-hour news cycle-fueled propaganda breeds widespread paranoia.
We saw it back in 2004 and we see it now more than ever. The media misreported on and incorrectly predicted the outcome of our latest Presidential election. The White House blatantly lied about the crowd size at President Trump's inauguration. Words like “alternative facts,” “post-truth” and “fake news” have infiltrated the national rhetoric. In a sense, we're all American idiots.
Finally, the title song engages with the issue of immigration—a hot topic given President Trump's recent Muslim—er, um, I mean “travel” ban. Armstrong sings, “Welcome to a new kind of tension / All across the alien nation.” By referring to America as an “alien nation,” Armstrong recognizes the cold hard fact that all of us, aside from Native Americans, are immigrants. Additionally, “alien nation” implies “alienation”—a central theme on the album. Though over a decade old, the song remains as relevant as ever.
Likewise, the song “Holiday,” speaks to general disagreement with choices made by the federal government. The chorus goes, “I beg to dream and differ from the hollow lies / This is the dawning of the rest of our lives.” This idea of rebellion in the song is widespread throughout our nation today, particularly among young people.
Similarly, the principle of “dawning” in the chorus emphasizes a coming of age sensibility. As a nation following a major shift in administrations, we are “coming of age”—rapidly evolving and crossing new thresholds—for better or worse.
The other tracks on the album carry along the narrative thread while still echoing Green Day's political commentary. In the end, the band's thesis is this: “A lot of bad stuff is happening right now and we're not sure what to do other than say, ‘This sucks.'” That was the case thirteen years ago, and it's the case now. The oppressed hate having a pseudo-fascist in the White House, a government that acts against their wishes and a media that conflates facts. “American Idiot” voices this frustration and riles up anyone looking for an excuse to protest. Listening to it makes you want to punch a neo-Nazi in the face.
Whether you're jamming to it for the first or hundredth time, “American Idiot” washes over you in a therapeutic way. It alleviates any frustration or stress you may have—if only because other people are expressing similar emotions. The gut-wrenching vocals, relentless pacing and delicious composition artfully articulate people's gripes with inept executive leadership, mishandled foreign relationships and special interest involvements.
Years ago, “American Idiot” comforted listeners with the fact that other people were just as angry as they were. And since we now live in a country full of angry people, we desperately need “American Idiot” again—to vent our frustrations, relieve our stresses, kill our demons and above all, stick it to the Man.
Contact Jimmy Flynn at jflynn@scu.edu or call (408) 554-4852.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SCOTT TOWNSHIP -- More than two dozen animals were rescued from a home Friday night in Lackawanna County.
Authorities found 20 dogs, a snake, a lizard, a ferret and a hedgehog in the home in Scott Township.
The animals were all taken to Griffin Pond Animal Shelter near Clarks Summit.
Workers believe the homeowners were trying to turn the house into a kennel.
They say application documents were found in the residence.
"We have a lot of dogs we need to find emergency foster care for and permanent adoptions, so we have a lot of great dogs that came in from this unfortunate situation that are extremely friendly and loveable," said Jess Farrell, Interim Executive Director.
So far no word if the homeowners will face charges in Lackawanna County.
11:30
Two views of Jacqueline Craig's arrest: See the bodycam and cell phone videos side-by-side
Your afternoon host AJ has been in Seattle for over 5 years and SO much has happened in his life since moving here. He and his wife of 7 years Nicole, had their first baby (Max...he is now 2) and they bought their first home here. When AJ isn't on the air, at a sporting event supporting one of our local teams (ESPECIALLY the Sounders and Seahawks) or hosting an event for one of the organizations that he works with including Making Strides Against Breast Cancer, March For Babies, Susan G Komen and Washington Trails Association, he is more than likely climbing a mountain! "I love everything this place has to offer, from world-class entertainment, to the incredible food to all of its natural beauty with so many amazing mountains and trails at our doorstep! I LOVE the Pacific Northwest and am proud to call it home and do what I love to do with an incredible group of people."
By The Associated Press
BC-BKC–Milligan-UNC-Asheville Box
UNC-ASHEVILLE 97, MILLIGAN 60 MILLIGAN (0-1)
Pless 2-5 0-0 6, Levarity 2-4 8-10 12, Robinson 0-3 1-2 1, Green 0-5 0-0 0, Bostian 2-11 0-2 4, Featherston 2-7 0-1 4, Hastings 3-5 0-1 6, Lamb 1-1 0-0 2, Buckner 0-3 0-0 0, Casaday 5-11 2-2 16, Faulkenberry 2-5 0-0 6, Johnsen 0-1 3-6 3. Totals 19-61 14-24 60.
UNC-ASHEVILLE (6-4)
Baehre 3-6 6-6 13, Wnuk 1-1 0-0 2, Rackley 4-10 0-0 11, Teague 4-10 4-4 15, Vannatta 2-5 3-3 7, Gilmore 6-10 1-2 13, Townsend 3-6 0-2 6, Brown 3-9 5-5 11, Seegars 0-1 0-0 0, Miller 5-9 5-6 19. Totals 31-67 24-28 97.
Halftime_UNC-Asheville 53-17. 3-Point Goals_Milligan 8-29 (Casaday 4-9, Faulkenberry 2-3, Pless 2-5, Featherston 0-1, Hastings 0-1, Buckner 0-1, Robinson 0-2, Bostian 0-7), UNC-Asheville 11-26 (Miller 4-6, Teague 3-7, Rackley 3-8, Baehre 1-1, Vannatta 0-1, Brown 0-3). Fouled Out_Brown. Rebounds_Milligan 25 (Levarity 7), UNC-Asheville 54 (Gilmore 16). Assists_Milligan 11 (Bostian 6), UNC-Asheville 22 (Rackley 6). Total Fouls_Milligan 19, UNC-Asheville 16. A_1,081 (3,200).
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Amy Winehouse's father wants her life to be turned into a musical.
The 'Valerie' hitmaker tragically died from accidental alcohol poisoning in July 2011 at the age of just 27 and, although there's already been a movie simply called 'Amy' based on her childhood, journey to success and passing, her dad Mitch would like to see some of her music hits used for an energetic stage production in the future.
Speaking exclusively to BANG Showbiz at the Amy Winehouse Foundation Gala, held at London's The Dorchester, on Thursday (10.05.17), Mitch said: "Yes, I would like to see a musical on her life. It is a great story to be told.
"Some of the documentaries that have come out before haven't even touched the surface. There is so much more of Amy for people to see and it is our job to make sure that people see what Amy was really like."
Asif Kapadia's documentary 'Amy' won the Academy Award for best documentary feature film at the Oscars last year and received two BAFTA nominations, but Mitch branded the film a "disgrace" because he believes it portrays him as greedy.
And his anger led to him deciding to make his own movie on his legendary daughter but he has admitted it's still a long way off being finished and ready for release.
He explained: "It is still in development but hopefully there will be more news soon."
Mitch still thinks about Amy "every day" and is devastated that she's no longer around but he's convinced she'd be proud of the Amy Winehouse Foundation, which works to prevent the effects of drug and alcohol misuse on young people, founded in 2011.
He said: "She is our daughter and we think about her every day. Obviously what happened was a terrible tragedy. The Foundation and music and the work we have done over the last six years encouraged by Amy is her lasting legacy."
Romain Grosjean has expressed the need for Haas F1 Team to continue to improve in order to prevent a slump down the order.
Grosjean managed the ninth fastest time in Free Practice 1, 1.8 seconds adrift of pacesetter Sebastian Vettel. Like many others, the Frenchman opted against running in Practice 2, due to heavy rain soaking the Suzuka International Circuit.
But despite the overall lack of track time, Grosjean was pleased with the work carried out.
“FP1 was a solid session in between the drops of rain.” he said.
“We managed to do everything we wanted, more or less. It would've been nice to get a few more laps on the long run on high fuel before the rain came, but we saw how fast the car is anyway.”
Grosjean is keen to continue the progress in order to achieve Team Principal Guenther Steiner's goal of seventh place in the Constructors' Championship – potentially ahead of the 31-year-old's former employers, the Renault Sport Formula One Team.
“The car's doing OK for now, so we need to keep on that trend. We need to keep improving and making sure we don't lose our way.”
Going into tomorrow's final Practice session and the all important Qualifying hour, Grosjean admitted that the weather can curtail previous plans, calling for patience and adaptability, confident in his team's ability to further improve depending on the conditions.
“The weather can determine a lot. We'll see what happens between FP2 and FP3.”
“I think we have some ideas what to do [sic] to get the car better.”
National Security Adviser Michael Flynn resigned Monday night, after a record 24 days serving in President Trump's White House. "Twenty-four days — I use disposable razors for longer than that," Seth Meyers marveled on Tuesday's Late Night. "He didn't even last as long as a David Blaine stunt." Meyers played a cheeky highlight reel of Flynn's short tenure, then went to the video library. "To be fair to Flynn, he may have broken the law and then lied about it, but it's not like he accused any other public official of breaking the law and called for them to be thrown in jail," he said, setting up a clip from last July's Republican National Convention. He calls the excerpt from Flynn's "lock her up!" speech "really ironic to watch now," but you can judge for yourself.
Meyers briefly recapped why Flynn stepped down, then walked through the rapidly shifting White House response to the Flynn revelations, up to Trump's tweet about it on Tuesday. "Apparently the problem for him is not that Flynn lied, but that we found out about it," he said. Other Republicans didn't seem that concerned with the resignation of a top White House official just three weeks in, either, Meyers said, ending with a movie reference and some skepticism about lawmakers having Valentine's Day breakfast with their wives. Peter Weber
Marcia Love
Whitecourt Star
An electric airplane manufactured in Whitecourt has been cleared for take-off at a flight school in Vancouver.
Pipistrel Aircraft Canada Inc. recently delivered its first fully electric production aircraft registered in the advanced ultra-light category to a customer in West Vancouver.
The Alpha Electro model is designed for flight school training. Operating out of the Pitt Meadows Airport, it will be used to make zero emission flights to and from several airports in the Vancouver and the lower mainland area.
Based at the Whitecourt Airport, Pipistrel worked on developing the two-seater Alpha Electro for the past two years and has been pioneering electric flight for the last decade.
Jonas Boll, Pipistrel Aircraft Canada Inc. dealer and distributor, said two to three of the planes are produced each week, with factory production booked up for six months.
Powered by a 60 kilowatt (80 horsepower) motor that's almost silent when running at full takeoff power, the aircraft can barely be heard from bystanders on the ground during all phases of flight, Boll said.
“The Alpha Electro is ideal for the training environment where noisy airplanes would normally circle around a runway while repeatedly practicing takeoff and landings,” he explained. “The Alpha Electro is virtually silent, (and) I'm sure many residents near an airport will appreciate the reduction in noise pollution this aircraft provides.”
Its batteries can be recharged in about 45 minutes, and a single charge can allow a pilot to practice takeoffs and landings for an hour, with half-an-hour of reserve energy. If the pilot encounters problems, the Alpha Electro is equipped with a rocket-propelled parachute.
The new aircraft is designed around Pipistrel's electric self-launch glider, the Taurus Electro, which has been in serial production since 2007.
Because many countries have no provisions in their aviation regulations which allow for electric propulsion, it can be challenging as regulators are slowly catching up with the advanced technology, Boll pointed out.
But he said Pipistrel is in the final phase of having the Alpha Electro approved in the Canadian advanced ultra-light category.
The Alpha Trainer can be flown by anyone in Canada who holds an ultra-light pilot permit, which requires a minimum of 20 hours of education in ultra-light airplane pilot ground school and a minimum of 10 hours total flight time.
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
If Sefolosha had only let her out 20 minutes later on dry land, most would've considered his duty done. But he exchanged numbers with Clark, then called on her the next day — partly asking for suggestions on places he could rent or buy, but also to check on how she was recovering.
ALEXANDRIA, Va. (AP) — The gunman who wounded a top Republican congressman and several others during an early morning baseball practice had apparently been living out a white cargo van for months and was frequently seen working on a computer at a nearby YMCA, where he kept mostly to himself.
James T. Hodgkinson shot House Rep. Steve Scalise on Wednesday before he was fatally shot by police who had been guarding the House majority whip on the Alexandria, Virginia, baseball field, officials said.
Authorities believe the 66-year-old had been living out of a van in northern Virginia since March after leaving his southern Illinois home. The man expressed grievances online about President Donald Trump and Republicans, but authorities said they're still working to determine a motive.
Hodgkinson was spotted regularly over the past several weeks at the YMCA next to the site of the shooting, sitting with a computer in the lobby or at a table in an exercise area that looked out onto the baseball field.
Advertisement
Former Alexandria Mayor Bill Euille, who chatted with Hodgkinson at the gym, said he assumed the man was homeless because he wore pretty much the same outfit every day and carried a bag full of extra clothes. Hodgkinson rarely joined in the political discussions often set off by the television in the room and never showed any signs that he was troubled, Euille said.
“I never saw him get mad when people were talking good, bad or ugly about any of the political parties,” Euille told The Associated Press. “He was just a very calm, rational person, I thought,” he said.
Stephen Brennwald, another YMCA member, said he never saw Hodgkinson talk to anyone and figured the man was a “loner.” Brennwald thought it was odd he never saw Hodgkinson exercise or wear workout clothes and considered asking a staffer about him but never did, he said.
“There's just no way that I would have guessed that this guy would be shooting at law enforcement and a congressman,” said Brennwald, an attorney.
Hodgkinson, who was armed with a handgun and a rifle, died from multiple gunshot wounds to his torso, the FBI said. Federal investigators are working to trace his weapons to find out where they were purchased and other details about their history.
Texas Rep. Roger Williams said one of his aides, Zack Barth, was shot but was doing well and expected to recover fully. Two Capitol Police officers sustained relatively minor injuries. A former congressional aide was hospitalized.
The FBI said authorities are speaking with people who knew Hodgkinson or who may have encountered him. FBI agent Tim Slater said the FBI needs the public's help in piecing together Hodgkinson's whereabouts and activities while he was in Alexandria.
“We're just not sure at this time” how he spent his time, he said.
Kristina Scrimshaw, a bartender at the Pork Barrel BBQ restaurant a few blocks from the shooting scene, said Hodgkinson had become something of a regular in recent weeks. He always drank Budweiser from a can and drank alone, barely speaking to anyone, including the bartenders.
“I didn't like him from the beginning,” she said. “Nothing I can really put my finger on, but he was just not a pleasant person.”
The gunman's brother told The New York Times that the man was upset about Trump's election and recently went to Washington to protest, but Michael Hodgkinson said he didn't know why the man stayed in the area.
“I know he wasn't happy with the way things were going, the election results and stuff,” the shooter's brother told the newspaper.
Until recently, Hodgkinson ran a home-inspection business out of his house in southern Illinois.
His Facebook page shows he was a fan of Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, who last year made an unsuccessful bid for the Democratic presidential nomination. Sanders acknowledged Wednesday that Hodgkinson had apparently been among many volunteers on his 2016 campaign.
A search of online newspapers shows that Hodgkinson frequently wrote letters to his local newspaper, the Belleville News-Democrat, which published nearly two dozen of them between 2010 and 2012. Many included complaints about the same theme: income inequality.
Hodgkinson also had arrests in his background for a series of minor offenses and at least one more serious matter. Court records show that his legal trouble started in the 1990s with arrests for resisting police and drunken driving.
In 2006, he was arrested on a battery charge after allegedly punching a woman in the face, then striking her boyfriend in the head with the wooden stock of a 12-gauge shotgun before firing a round at the man, according to a sheriff's department report.
While trying to drive away from that confrontation, the report said, Hodgkinson used a pocket knife to cut a seat belt. The charges were dismissed later that year, according to the court clerk.
Though no other legal problems are listed in St. Clair County, which includes Belleville, since 2011, Hodgkinson did come to the attention of local law enforcement as recently as last spring.
On March 24, Bill Schaumleffel recalled hearing shots being fired outside his house, which stands about 500 feet behind Hodgkinson's home. When he went outside, he saw Hodgkinson shooting a rifle into a cornfield. He was squeezing off five or six rounds at a time, according to the report of the incident, and fired about 50 shots in all.
“I yelled, ‘Quit shooting toward the houses,'” Schaumleffel said.
When Hodgkinson refused to stop, Schaumleffel called the sheriff's department.
St. Clair County Sheriff Rick Watson said Wednesday that Hodgkinson showed the deputy all required firearms licenses and documentation for the high-powered hunting rifle, which he said he was simply using for target practice.
The deputy cautioned Hodgkinson about shooting around homes, given that the rounds can travel up to a mile. No charges were filed.
___
Richer reported from Richmond, Virginia. Sarah Rankin in Richmond; Matt Barakat in Alexandria, Virginia; Don Babwin in Chicago; John O'Connor in Springfield, Illinois; Jim Suhr in Kansas City, Missouri; Jake Pearson in Washington and Associated Press Researcher Rhonda Shafner in New York also contributed to this report.
× Badges and Body Cams for Pottsville Police
POTTSVILLE — Some police officers now have another eye that will help them fight crime in Schuylkill County.
The Pottsville Police Department unveiled body cams that they believe will help prevent crime and provide more evidence in court.
The body cams were just given to officers as part of a pilot program in Pottsville last week.
The Pottsville police chief tells Newswatch 16 his department is, “among the first” in Schuylkill County to use this type of technology.
Body cams will now be part of the uniforms for the Pottsville Police Department going on their daily routine.
Police Chief Richard Wojiechowsky tells Newswatch 16 the body cams are all about public safety.
“The regular citizens, the victims that we deal with, the district attorney's office, the public defender's office, and the courts will all benefit from the data we are recording,” said the chief.
After receiving a federal grant that pays for more than half of the body cams, the Pottsville police chief is hoping to equip all of his 24 officers.
The body cams have to be manually activated by an officer. Each one includes a microphone officers can use to communicate with each other.
The new body camera has a front-facing screen which police believe might stop a person from getting into a confrontation with an officer.
“People are very acutely aware that when they are on screen, they react differently, so again, that is a mutually beneficial factor for police and the public,” said Chief Wojiechowsky.
The body cams will be able to see, hear, and record everything in front of the officer, which can be very useful in court.
“When we handle a case, people get to see what it is like from beginning to end for court proceedings down the road, and people get to see a perspective of what an officer deals with on a daily basis,” Pottsville poLice Sgt. Mark O'Toole said.
Some people in downtown Pottsville have already seen the body cams in use.
Shawn Grant believes the body cams will provide video proof of any situation instead of word of mouth.
“It leaves people a more accurate depiction of what transpired so I think it's a good thing because there are good cops out here.”
Not every officer is equipped with a body cam as this program is still in its beginning phase.
The Pottsville police chief hopes to have every officer using one in the near future.
Share. Come with Batman if you want to live. Come with Batman if you want to live.
In some ways, Dark Nights: Metal seems to be coming at an inopportune time. With so much of the DCU laser-focused on the rebirth status quo and the build-up to Doomsday Clock this winter, here DC is dropping another major event comic driven by a completely separate mystery and with its own far-reaching ramifications for the DCU. That said, readers will have no problem becoming invested in this epic conflict after reading Dark Days: The Forge #1. This prologue issue deftly establishes the scope and tone of this conflict, showing that Metal is rapidly shaping up to be the most ambitious Batman story yet from Scott Snyder.
While ostensibly a prologue to Metal, The Forge #1 reads like it could just as easily be the first chapter of that series. It's that eventful and that crucial in terms of laying the groundwork for the grand, cosmic mystery driving the events of Metal. More importantly, it's an inviting opening chapter that ensures the reader actually cares about that mystery. Writers Scott Snyder and James Tynion IV are in top collaborative form here. Their script opens with a sweeping call to adventure and offers an exciting look back at the early days of the DCU. From that point, their script progressively builds tension until finally reaching a breaking point in the final pages. The Forge reads like both an epic superhero blockbuster and a horror story mashed into one. It's epic and often very funny, but always tinged with an impending sense of doom.
Amid all that drama and spectacle, Snyder and Tynion find ample room to dig in with their characters. Obviously, both writers have ample experience with Batman at this point. Even so, this issue offers a look at a different side of the Caped Crusader. This is Batman at his most Morrisonian, an almost godlike figure rising far above his mortal origins to do his part in reshaping the course of the DCU. Yet even despite that, he feels dangerously outmatches as the scope of the story becomes clear. The writers effectively work in a number of other familiar faces here, with the dynamics between Batman and Mister Terrific in one scene and Duke Thomas and Green Lantern in others proving to be the highlights of this issue. It quickly becomes clear why Metal needs to be a Justice League story rather than simply a Batman story.
It may be that the lack of Greg Capullo's presence is the only reason this issue couldn't officially be labeled the first chapter of Metal. Not that there's room for complaint when The Forge features art by Andy Kubert, Jim Lee and John Romita, Jr. The transition from one artist to the next isn't always as smooth as I'd like, with switch-ups often coming mid-scene. But individually, the three artists deliver strong work here. Kubert's role feels particularly fitting, as he does a great ob evoking his father's iconic style during the Hawkman-focused pages. Lee's detailed, powerful style lends itself well to the dramatic, unsettling Batcave sequences. And as usual, Romita has no trouble capturing the massive scale of the script and keeping the action moving along at a steady clip.
Photo: Eduardo Parra / Getty Images
By Annie Reuter
An emotional video of a young boy talking about the pain of being bullied has gone viral and many artists including Rihanna, Katy Perry, Snoop Dogg and Cardi B are standing up for him.
Related: Katy Perry, Catholic Church Win $10 Million in Convent Case Lawsuit
“Just out of curiosity, why do they bully?” Keaton Jones, a Tennessee native, asked in the video. “What's the point of it? Why do you find joy in taking innocent people and finding a way to be mean to them? It's not okay.”
He explained that kids make fun of his nose and during lunch they pour milk on him and throw food at him. The video was shot by Jones' mother after she picked him up from school when he told her he was afraid to go to lunch.
After viewing the clip on social media, Katy Perry, Cardi B, Snoop Dogg, Hailee Steinfeld, and others provided words of encouragement to Jones.
“#KeatonJones Hero!!! Thank you young KING for inspiring us all who have been in your shoes at any capacity!” wrote Rihanna on social media. “If you have, or currently are going through any form of bullying, my heart and my prayers go out to you! Bullies…y'all corny!”
“This broke my 💔today. Please be kind to one another,” Katy Perry wrote in a caption for Jones' video.
“Say lil Man U gotta friend in me for life hit me on dm so we can chop it up love is the only way to beat hate,” commented Snoop Dogg.
Zedd and Cole Swindell offered tickets to their concerts while Hailee Steinfeld invited Jones to be her guest at the Pitch Perfect 3 premiere.
See the best artists reactions below:
#KeatonJones Hero!!! Thank you young KING for inspiring us all who have been in your shoes at any capacity! If you have, or currently are going through any form of bullying, my heart and my prayers go out to you! Bullies...y'all corny! A post shared by badgalriri (@badgalriri) on Dec 11, 2017 at 4:36am PST
This broke my 💔today. Please be kind to one another. #standwithkeaton A post shared by KATY PERRY (@katyperry) on Dec 10, 2017 at 2:56pm PST
Say lil Man U gotta friend in me for life hit me on dm so we can chop it up love is the only way to beat hate 👊🏾☝🏾 A post shared by snoopdogg (@snoopdogg) on Dec 10, 2017 at 7:50am PST
Hi @Lakyn_Jones, could you pass this message along to Keaton? ❤ https://t.co/3l8P4fKAqW —
Hailee Steinfeld (@HaileeSteinfeld) December 10, 2017
buddy next time I make it home to Knox I'm going to walk into that lunchroom with you and watch the bullies say the… twitter.com/i/web/status/9… —
Kelsea Ballerini (@KelseaBallerini) December 10, 2017
I'm so Sad and angry like I'm OD hot 😡😪Please teach your kids not to be bullies .Teach them how to be tough 👊🏽but not too pick on others —
(@iamcardib) December 10, 2017
Hey, @Lakyn_Jones .. bring your brother Keaton by the bus before my show in Knoxville, TN next month if ya want.. w… twitter.com/i/web/status/9… —
Cole Swindell (@coleswindell) December 10, 2017
Stay strong Keaton. Takes a lot of courage to send such an honest message like this to the world. For anyone being… twitter.com/i/web/status/9… —
Brothers Osborne (@brothersosborne) December 11, 2017
Hey Keaton Jones, I'd like to invite you to be my guest at any show of mine of your choice. I'll cover ur flights a… twitter.com/i/web/status/9… —
(@Zedd) December 11, 2017
By
By Melissa Patrick
Kentucky Health News
Tanning is not healthy. Despite the perception that a tanned person looks “healthy,” tanned skin is actually damaged skin that has been exposed to ultraviolet rays. And it doesn't really matter if the exposure comes from the sun, or a tanning bed, or happens in the winter or the summer; UV exposure is the number-one cause of skin cancer in the United States, says WebMD.
Subscribe to the Manchester Enterprise Today!
Click Here To Subscribe On-line
In fact, skin cancer is the most common cancer in the U.S., according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, with the American Academy of Dermatology estimating that one in five Americans will develop skin cancer in their lifetime.
“Repeated overexposure to the sun can lead to premature aging and skin cancers called basal cell carcinoma, squamous cell carcinoma and malignant melanoma, which is the deadliest form of skin cancer.” Dr. Tamar Zapolanski, a dermatologist at the Valley Medical Group in New Jersey, said in a news release.
The CDC notes that basal-cell and squamous-cell cancers, which affect the cells on the outer layer of the skin, are the most common kinds of skin cancer and usually respond well to treatment. Melanoma, the cancer that affects cells that give the skin its color, is much less common, but is more dangerous because it is more likely to spread to other parts of the body if not caught early.
In 2016, 3 percent of new cancers in the United states were melanomas, a rate that has been increasing steadily over the years, says the American Cancer Society, WebMD adds that melanoma causes 75 percent of all skin cancer deaths.
Kentucky Cancer Registry maps show occurrences of skin cancer (left) and deaths from melanoma, by county
In 2013, the most recent year with data available, the CDC reports that almost 72,000 Americans were diagnosed with melanoma, and more than 9,000 died from it. Between 2010 and 2014, 41 out of every 100,000 Kentuckian was diagnosed with a melanoma, and 33 Kentuckians out of every million died from it.
Anyone can get skin cancer, regardless of their skin color, but the risk is greatest for people with fair or freckled skin, light eyes and blond or red hair. Other risk factors include having a family history of skin cancer, having an outdoor job and living in a sunny climate. A history of severe sunburns early in life and having a large number of moles are also risks, says the CDC.
“Cumulative sun exposure causes mainly basal-cell and squamous-cell skin exposure, while episodes of severe sunburns, usually before age 18, can raise the risk of developing melanoma,” says WebMD.
Not all skin cancers look the same. Experts say the most common warning sign of skin cancer is a change on the skin, like a new mole or skin lesion, or a change in an existing mole.
info-graphic: American Academy of Dermatology
They also recommend a simple rule to assess for melanoma, called the A-B-C-D-E rule:
Asymmetry–Does the shape of one half match the other?
Border–Are the edges of the mole irregular or jagged?
Color–Does the color have uneven shades of brown, black, tan, red, white or blue?
Diameter–Is the mole or spot larger than the size of a pea?
Evolving–Has the mole or spot changed during the past weeks or months?
The CDC offers some tips to protect yourself from the sun:
Stay in the shade, especially during the midday hours.
Wear protective clothing on arms and legs.
Wear a hat with a wide brim.
Wear sunglasses that wrap around and have UVA and UVB protections.
Use sunscreen with sun protection factor (SPF) of 15 or higher, and both UVA and UVB protection, even on cloudy days.
Reapply sunscreen every two hours and after swimming, sweating or toweling off.
Avoid indoor tanning.
“Sunscreen protects against harmful radiation from the sun by absorbing, reflecting or scattering the sun's rays on the skin,” said Zapolanski, adding that skin cancer is very treatable if caught early.
Are craft cocktails at their most complicated? Maybe. With a fully stocked bar to work with, bartenders can create (and exhaustively test) finely tuned, complex drinks — and we're the better for it. Trying to create those same cocktails at home, though, might mean carting home a hundred bucks worth of spirits, such as Cynar or Pernod or crème de violette, that may consequently sit around ‘'aging'' from underuse.
“There has never been a time when what we've been drinking in bars has been further from what we're able to make at home,” said Maggie Hoffman, author of the 2018 book “The One-Bottle Cocktail.” Hoffman, the former drinks editor of the website Serious Eats, challenged some of the country's most talented bartenders to come up with drinks that use one spirit only. Instead of relying on Gran Classico or a Chartreuse float for verve, the drinks in “The One-Bottle Cocktail” instead call for flavors you may already have in your cabinets, or can easily find: Molasses, harissa, fig preserves, hazelnuts.
“[Bartenders] make these complex things with 10 ingredients, and it makes sense for them to do it in a bar. If you're home, you have spices, you have tea, you have honey, so those things make more sense as a purchase,” Hoffman said.
This translates to vodka blended with jasmine tea, or tequila with grilled lemons, as with grilled margaritas — easy to assemble and a super-smooth drink to boot.
GRILLED MARGARITAS
(Condensed from “The One-Bottle Cocktail”)
2 large or 3 small lemons, plus 2 lemon slices
4 ounces reposado or añejo (aged) tequila
1 1/4 ounces 2:1 honey syrup*
2 rosemary springs and flaky sea salt (optional)
Preheat grill to medium-high; halve lemons and place, cut sides down, on grill, along with lemon slices. Cook until lemons are nicely charred, 4 to 6 minutes. Remove and let cool. Juice lemon halves and measure out 2 ounces of grilled lemon juice; combine with tequila and honey syrup in a cocktail shaker filled with ice. Shake until well-chilled and strain into 2 chilled coupe glasses. Garnish with grilled lemon slices (charred sides up), rosemary and pinch of salt. Serves 2.
* To make honey syrup, stir 2 parts hot water into 1 part honey; stir until dissolved. Cool before using.
Gadchiroli: In a massive blow to Maoists, 37 hardcore Naxals were killed since Sunday in Maharashtra's Gadchiroli district, police said on Tuesday.
Of the 37 bodies recovered so far, 16 have been identified, police said, adding that the identified Naxals carried a combined reward of Rs 1.06 crore, they said.
The operation was the result of coordination between C-60 commandos of the Maharashtra police in hot pursuit of Naxals.
"In the operation by C-60 squad in the Kasanasur jungle area, 16 bodies of Naxals (9 male and 7 female) were recovered on April 22," a senior police official said.
"Due to heavy rains and paucity of manpower, search was stopped. Yesterday, an operation was launched to search for bodies in the Indravati river and 15 more bodies were recovered," the official said.
Search for more bodies and weapons is underway, he said.
"In another operation in the Kapewancha area of Rajaram Khandla post yesterday, six Naxals were killed and their bodies recovered. These include two men and four women," the official said.
Due to the large number of Naxals killed, the developmental works in the Aheri and Sironcha tehsils, which were affected due to the Maoist menace, will get a boost, police said.
Maharashtra Director General of Police Satish Mathur attributed the massive operation against Naxals to "accurate and specific" intelligence, low morale of Naxals and divisions in their ranks.
April 5 Northisle Copper And Gold Inc
* Announces private placements
* Intends to raise up to $1.6 million by way of following non-brokered private placements Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tom Gledhill led the way as Haslington made short work of Barnton in UKFast Division One on Saturday.
The Squirrels skipper impressed with both bat and ball as they recorded a seven-wicket win at a baking Clay Lane.
The visitors won the toss and elected to bat, but Gledhill (4-17) and Jack Taylor (1-24) never let the settle.
Ben Istead (2-22) and Peter Davies, who took 3-4 from 2.3 overs) mopped up the lower order, as Barnton were bundled out for 73.
Haslington got off to a slow start and were wobbling on 24-3.
But Gledhill (47no) and Joe Goodier (13no) dug in with a partnership of 53 to the hosts home.
It was Haslington's second consecutive 25-point win, as they climbed further away from the relegation zone.
AUDLEM continue to lead the way in Division Four thanks to a 127-run success over Winsford.
They were faltering at 36-4 as they batted first, but a brilliant 99 from A Hashmi and 36 and 35no from Callum McIlveen and Simon Swift respectively got them to a very respectable 215-8ic.
Then Neil Humphries (3-10), Swift (3-20), Tayeef Hussein (2-13), and McIlveen (2-36) starred as Winsford were skittled for 88.
WISTASTON VILLAGE 's revival went on with a three-wicket win at bottom side Bowdon Vale.
The hosts were 177ao (James Hogben 2-47, Keith Thornhill 2-33, Ben Woolley 2-26, Hamsa Borio 2-34).
And Steve Barnes (65) and Ben Clarke (50) led the Villagers to 181-7 in reply.
In Division Two MIDDLEWICH lost by seven wickets at home to Winnington Park.
They batted first and made 166ao, as Matt Allen (62) struck 10 boundaries.
But Winnington went on to reach 167-3 in reply, as Kieran Boyle took 1-29.
BUNBURY beat promotion-chasing Langley by 18 runs in Division Three.
After a slow start batting first, they recovered from 23-3 to post 182ao (S Percival 40, M Noonan 34).
In contract, Langley's reply started strongly and they had 117 runs for their first three wickets, as Paully Morgan notched 62.
But George Ryder (3-31) led the way as the visitors wilted to 164ao inside 41 overs.
ASTON continue to prop up the rest after an 82-run defeat at Cheadle Hulme Ladybridge.
The home side posted 242-4dec, as Matthew Bishop smashed 102ao and Mo Ejaz got 61.
Lalit Patil and Ravi Tombare took two wickets apiece.
Openers Dave Draper (58) and Patil (25) set a solid platform for Aston's reply, but it fell away and they were 160ao.
Second-bottom CHOLMONDELEY lost by 72 runs at promotion-chasing Appleton, who batted first and made 234-7dec.
Patrick Phillips took 4-57 and Graeme Rowlands scored 69.
Francois Du Plessis top-scored with 45 in Chum's reply, but they were 162ao.
HOLMES CHAPEL suffered a five-wicket reverse at Heaton Mersey, after batting first and scoring 120-9ic (Andy Thorburn 35, Ian Hughes 4-25).
David Steer (1-31) struck early in Mersey's reply, but they reached 124-5 in 40.2 overs.
CHESHIRE WOMEN'S LEAGUE: Nantwich Vipers were narrowly beaten in a thrilling top-of-the-table clash with Upton on Sunday.
A super unbeaten 52 by Madi Hudson and strong efforts from Sophie Windward (16) and Emily Clamp (14no) helped them score 117-6 from their 30 overs in Division Three.
Despite two wickets each for Izzi Pearson and Hudson, Upton just got over the line for the loss of seven wickets.
Wistaton Village were beaten by 41 runs at the hands of Stockport Trinity in the Knockout Cup on Friday.
Related Coverage Thousands of runners lace up for Boston Marathon
(AP) — The Kenyans are back in Boston after a relative lull that saw them shut out in the world's most prestigious marathon twice in the past three years.
More surprisingly, so are the Americans.
Geoffrey Kirui won the 121st Boston Marathon on Monday, pulling away from three-time U.S. Olympian Galen Rupp with two miles to go to give Kenya its first men's victory in five years. Edna Kiplagat won the women's race to complete the Kenyan sweep.
They were followed closely by Americans who grabbed two of the top four women's spots and six of the top ten for men — the first time that's happened since the race went professional in 1986.
“It's so exciting to see Americans being competitive here,” said Rupp, the Olympic bronze medalist who was making his Boston debut. “It's a real exciting time. And it's awesome to see American distance running on the upswing and being competitive in these races.”
Kirui finished in 2 hours, 9 minutes, 37 seconds to claim a silver trophy, a guilded olive wreath from Marathon, Greece, and the $150,000 first prize. Rupp was 21 seconds back, and Japan's Suguru Osako 30 seconds behind him.
Rounding out the top 10 were runners from California, Arizona, Colorado, Oregon and Utah.
“American distance running is looking good today,” said sixth-place finisher Abdi Abdirahman, a Somali immigrant and Tucson resident who is a four-time Olympian. “We have the podium for both men and women, so the future is great.”
Related Content: Thousands of runners lace up for Boston Marathon
Kiplagat finished in 2:21:52 to win her Boston debut, adding the victory to two world championships and wins in London, New York and Los Angeles. She pulled ahead of Rose Chelimo of Bahrain in the Newton hills to win by 59 seconds.
American Jordan Hasay, making her first run at the 26.2-mile distance, was third and Desi Linden was fourth — the first time since 1991 that two U.S. women have finished in the top four.
“It keeps happening. We keep getting closer. We're putting more numbers in there and it's just a matter of time,” said Linden, the 2011 runner-up by 2 seconds. “When Americans break the tape, it's going to be a big deal here.”
Kenya had won either the men's or women's race every year since 1991 before being shut out in 2014 and again last year. In fact, Kenya had taken both titles six times since 2000, so dominating the top 10 that Boylston Street began to look like a Great Rift Valley training run.
But Ethiopia has surpassed its East African neighbors on Patriots' Day the past four years, earning its first sweep in 2016. Then, in December, Kenyan Rita Jeptoo was stripped of her 2014 title for failing a drug test and it was handed instead to Ethiopia's Buzunesh Deba.
For Kirui, even when he was running shorter distances, he had his eye on Boston.
“In my mind, I was sure that one day I would win this race,” said Kirui, 25, who was running just his third marathon. “To come here to Boston, I knew I was going to face my colleagues who have run many times here. … I knew I would challenge some of the champions who have been competing here.”
The American drought reached more than three decades from the time Greg Meyer won in 1983 until Meb Keflezighi ran down Boylston Street to raucous chants of “U-S-A!” in 2014, the year after the finish line bombings killed three people and wounded more than 260 others. (No U.S. woman has won since 1985.)
Keflezighi, 41, said he plans to enter the New York Marathon, which he won in 2009, one last time in the fall before retiring. In his last competitive Boston run, he finished 13th in 2:17:00 despite pain in his quad muscles.
“The crowd got me through the finish line,” he said.
The warm temperatures that hit 79 degrees at the 20-kilometer mark in Natick slowed the runners, but the strong tailwind was a boost — especially in the wheelchair races.
Marcel Hug won Boston for the third time, outpushing 10-time champion Ernst Van Dyk down Boylston Street and finishing in 1:18:04 to beat the course record and world best by 21 seconds. Fellow Swiss Manuela Schar shattered the women's mark by more than five minutes, winning in 1:28:17.
The winners' times on the point-to-point Boston course are considered a world best and not a world record because of the possibility of a supportive tailwind like the one on Monday.
“The wind is so important,” Hug said. “The roads were good. Everything was fantastic today.”
Earlier Monday, city officials announced plans for memorials to mark the sites where two bombs exploded during the 2013 race.
In the field was Boston Police Commissioner William Evans, who ran for the 18th time in 2013 but has skipped the races since the bombings so he could be available in case of another emergency. Evans, who completed his 52nd marathon overall, said he wanted to show that Boston is back to normal.
“If I can come back,” he said, “everyone can.”
WASHINGTON (AP) — As Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu visits the White House, the Trump administration has suggested that peace between the Israelis and Palestinians may not come in the form of a two-state solution — a position that could represent a dramatic shift from 20 years of U.S. policy.
Speaking to reporters ahead of President Donald Trump's meeting Wednesday with Netanyahu, a senior White House official said Tuesday that Trump is eager to begin facilitating a peace deal between the two sides and hoping to bring them together soon.
But the official, who was not authorized to speak publicly on the meeting beforehand, said it will be up to the Israelis and Palestinians to determine what peace will entail — and that peace, not a two-state solution, is the goal.
For decades, the U.S. position has been that Israelis and Palestinians must work through direct negotiations to establish two states living side by side, at peace, with Palestinians to ultimately create an independent state. All serious peace negotiations in that time have assumed that the two-state solution was the basis for future peace.
Advertisement
State Department officials expressed surprise at the comments and said Tuesday they were not aware of any policy shift on the desirability of a two-state solution. Three officials said the department was seeking clarification from the White House comments, which came as Secretary of State Rex Tillerson was having dinner with Netanyahu. The officials spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss the matter publicly.
During his final White House news conference, Obama warned that the moment for a two-state solution “may be passing” and said the “status quo is unsustainable.”
It was not clear if the Trump White House had intended to declare a major shift in policy during the hastily arranged briefing Tuesday night.
Netanyahu is scheduled to meet with Trump at the White House Wednesday. The two leaders will hold a joint news conference before convening for meetings and a working lunch. The prime minister will then head to Capitol Hill for meetings with lawmakers on both sides of the aisle, including Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer.
Trump takes pride in his deal-making skills and said during his campaign that he'd love the challenge of negotiating a Mideast agreement. He has appointed his son-in-law, Jared Kushner, to lead the effort.
The White House official said the visit was meant to mark a new, closer relationship between Israel and the United States, an alliance that came under strain during the Obama years.
Trump and Netanyahu are likely to discuss peace efforts as well as expanded Israeli settlements, Iran and Trump's campaign pledge to move the U.S. embassy in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem.
The latter would signal U.S. recognition of Jerusalem as Israel's capital, a move that would infuriate Palestinians. They claim the eastern sector of the city, captured by Israel in the 1967 war, as their capital.
American presidents have long struck a delicate balance fin addressing the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, stressing the close U.S. friendship with Israel and lavishing the Jewish state with bountiful aid. But recent presidents also have tried to negotiate, and they have called out Israel for actions seen as undermining peace efforts, such as expanding settlements in the occupied West Bank.
Trump told The Associated Press during his campaign that he wanted to be “very neutral” and try to get both sides together. But his tone became decidedly more pro-Israel as the campaign progressed. He has spoken disparagingly of Palestinians, saying they have been “taken over” by or are condoning militant groups. Some of his top aides challenge the legitimacy of Palestinian demands for a state.
After repeatedly clashing with Obama for eight years, capped by a U.N. Security Council resolution condemning Israeli settlements, Netanyahu seemed relieved by Trump's arrival. Trump slammed the U.S. decision to abstain from the U.N. vote, saying in December that Israel is being treated “very, very unfairly.”
Now in office, however, Trump has been forced to re-evaluate and revisit his position on a number of issues — including those relating to Israel.
After initially greeting Israel's settlement announcements with a shrug, Trump appears to be having second thoughts. In an interview with a pro-Netanyahu Israeli daily last Friday, Trump said, “I am not somebody that believes that going forward with these settlements is a good thing for peace.”
While Wednesday's meeting is expected to be much warmer than Netanyahu's famously tense encounters with Obama, the Israeli leader will still need to tread with caution on sensitive issues like Israeli settlement construction, Iran and the war in Syria.
In dealing with Trump, Netanyahu will also face some potential pitfalls. Key constituencies, including congressional Democrats and many American Jews, oppose Trump's policies, while at home Netanyahu is under pressure from his hard-line allies to push for policies that Trump may not support.
“Netanyahu seeks to shift the discussion in the U.S.-Israel relationship away from settlements and peace and back to Iran so that he can put off the difficult political decisions that would roil his coalition and put his rule in jeopardy,” said Yousef Munayyer, a political analyst and executive director of the U.S. Campaign for Palestinian Rights.
“The challenge to Netanyahu is domestic,” Munayyer added. “He spent so much time arguing that Obama was the problem that now that we are in the post-Obama era, his right-wing coalition partners want to exploit the moment and take huge steps that would further isolate Israel, trigger international condemnation from other corners, and potentially destabilize the land and Israeli politics.”
Ahead of the visit, Netanyahu said he would handle ties with the U.S. in a “prudent manner,” but he steered clear of specifics.
The Israeli prime minister is also scheduled to have breakfast Thursday with Vice President Mike Pence before departing for Israel.
__
Associated Press writer Josh Lederman contributed to this report.
MANHATTAN, Kan. – In geographical terms, Kansas is a large, diverse state with significantly less annual average rainfall to the west than in the east, so a one-size-fits-all approach doesn't work for crops grown in the state. To that end, Kansas State University researchers have developed three new wheat varieties best suited for different growing conditions and available for the first time this year.
Certified seed is available for Larry, Zenda and Tatanka, new hard red winter wheats, each sporting different traits including resistance to certain diseases and pests and in the case of two of them, drought tolerance.
Larry, one of the new varieties, has good resistance to stripe and stem rust and soil-borne mosaic virus – problems that can plague wheat in Kansas and other states. It has shown good tolerance to acidic soil, but is moderately susceptible to leaf rust. Larry is medium maturity that has exhibited good drought resistance and yield potential across south-central and southwest Kansas and into north-central Oklahoma. This wheat was named in honor of Larry Patton, a long-time technician in the K-State wheat breeding program in Manhattan.
“Larry is a high-performance variety for farmers that are willing to intensively manage their wheat,” said Daryl Strouts, president of the Kansas Wheat Alliance, who added that it is important for growers to use a fungicide with this variety.
The Kansas Wheat Alliance is a not-for-profit organization composed of wheat producers, researchers and seed marketers. It manages the release of K-State wheat varieties to deliver crop traits that farmers are seeking for their particular area.
Zenda, another new variety, was named for a community in Kingman County in south central Kansas where it is well adapted. It is “an excellent choice for wheat acres after corn in central and eastern Kansas” and performed well in the 2016 K-State trials in that area, according to the KWA. It is resistant to soil-borne mosaic and moderately resistant to leaf rust, stem rust and stripe rust. It has intermediate resistance to barley yellow dwarf, powdery mildew, scab and septoria leaf blotch, but is moderately susceptible to wheat streak mosaic.
“Zenda is the replacement for Everest, the most widely-planted variety in Kansas for the last five years,” Strouts said. “It has all the things that make Everest a top variety plus better stripe rust resistance and baking quality.”
Tatanka is a new wheat developed particularly for dryland fields in western Kansas. Through years of testing, it has shown high yields, good drought tolerance, winter-hardiness and has good resistance to stripe rust and soil-borne mosaic. It has above-average test weight and good milling and baking quality. Tatanka was named to honor the American bison or buffalo, another species that at one time thrived on the High Plains. Tatanka comes from the Lakota Indian word for buffalo.
Seed availability should be good for all three varieties, Strouts said, but farmers should be reminded to get their orders in soon as popular varieties like these sell out early.
Jody Pinson, Wal-Mart's vice president of merchandising for beauty, is bullish on makeup brushes. During a recent tour of a burnished beauty department in Secaucus, N.J., she spotlighted brush collections that the chain will exclusively offer for holiday.Pinson said the retailer is focused on providing beautiful brushes that rival prestige channels at value pricing. When she presented a collection of unicorn-style brushes to those attending the tour, they guessed the price to be $50. Wal-Mart will sell the brushes for less than $14.Wal-Mart works in tandem with Moda Brushes to be on-trend with its brushes. With the color cosmetics business expanding, there is a halo effect on brush sales — both for makeup and bath. According to IRI data for the 52-week period ended Sept. 10 in multiunit doors, makeup applicator sales (including brushes) soared 17 percent. That exceeded other cosmetic category growth, which averaged less than 4 percent.“Brushes are having a moment. People can't buy enough of them,” confirmed Susan Kelly, director of sales and marketing at Moda Brushes, which is owned by Royal & Langnickel Brush Mfg. Inc. Moda entered the makeup brush business when it was observed that customers were going to craft or paint stores to buy its artist paint brushes. Twelve million brushes are manufactured by Royal & Langnickle Brush Mfg. Inc. a month.The company is vertically integrated so it can quickly design, create and bring a new brush to market to keep up with beauty industry trends, said Kelly. A case in point is the Moda Falsie Fan used to apply mascara and blend false lashes quickly, as seen in hundreds of tutorials.“We make cute, eye-catching brushes that are as beautiful as the makeup they apply,” she said noting touches such as tri-colored hair on brushes, rose-gold handles and holographic cases. All brushes are 100 percent vegan and color coded to help consumers quickly select the right brush for the need.Some of the looks rolling into stores this month include new Prismatic Kits and Moda Rosé Face Perfecting and Complete Kits. One exclusive to Wal-Mart is Moda Mythical Star Travel Kit with unicorn-inspired handles. Some specialty items include Moda Fan, which dusts off excess powder to efficiently apply highlights; Moda Quick Contour, allowing for application of highlighter and contour at the same time, and the Moda Complexion Brush, which can work with cream or powder foundation. Brushes, added Kelly, also are perfect for masking because they help avoid waste associated with applying by hand.While brush sets will be big holiday sellers, Kelly said self-purchase drives volume, as well. “People buy them on impulse, especially if they are attractive or offer a need they don't currently have a brush for,” she said. In addition to Wal-Mart, Moda brushes are sold on modabrush.com.
Ohio's “America First” congressional candidate, State Rep. Christina Hagan (R), who is running in the state's 16th district against the Republican establishment, says she will promote a plan once in Congress to “stop sending our dollars overseas.”
Hagen would instead use the money saved to pay retired and armed American veterans and law enforcement officers to guard and protect U.S. schools.
During an interview with Breitbart News's Political Editor Matt Boyle and Deputy Political Editor Amanda House on SiriusXM's Breitbart News Sunday, Hagan said her plan to protect American schoolchildren following the Parkland High School shooting did not involve “stripping law-abiding citizens of their rights” to bear arms.
Instead, Hagan said she would push a plan that brings American taxpayer money back to the U.S. to fund armed retired service members and police officers at schools across the country.
Hagan, who was endorsed by the National Rifle Association (NRA), told Breitbart News:
So we've actually put forth a policy idea that we would champion when getting into the federal legislature and it has nothing to do with stripping law-abiding citizens of their rights. [Americans'] Second Amendment rights should be absolutely upheld and protected to the very extent that they're not breaking them. [Emphasis added] As it looks to the future, we need to have an ‘Americans First' priority. We need to take dollars that we're sending all over the world to fund other countries to do incredibly silly things like train cashiers in Wal-Marts and take those dollars back to the United States and invest them in our schools. I mean we can have an ‘American First' agenda by bringing veterans, by bringing law enforcement and having armed security resource officers in our school systems. [Emphasis added] We just saw a few weeks ago — and there was very little media attention on it — in Maryland, an armed security resource officer who mitigated an armed shooter right out of the gate. So we just need to have the right people that are positioned to put country above self in with our children and that is the solution. The solution isn't a massive amount of heightened security, you know making our children feel frightened to go to school, but to protect them and have the right people trained to protect them in that environment. And it's not a crazy idea. American dollars should be spent on Americans' safety and security, and if the national security threat is having an armed gunman in our schoolrooms, then we need to put our children first and stop sending our dollars overseas. [Emphasis added]
I'm Christina Hagan. I'm running for US Congress. I'm a proud gun owner. I'm a proud member of the @NRA. I'm endorsed by the NRA. I am the NRA. #2a #MAGA 🇺🇸 pic.twitter.com/d5hw8FMhRu — Christina Hagan (@RepHagan) April 10, 2018
The most recent omnibus spending bill funds a slew of overseas and foreign initiatives using American taxpayer money. For example, the spending bill funds border security in the Middle East for countries like Jordan, Iraq, and Syria.
Meanwhile, the spending bill did not only not fund a border wall along the U.S.-Mexico border, as Trump has requested, but it specifically blocked the funding of a wall, as Breitbart News reported. Hagan told Breitbart News that she would not only push for a border wall on the southern border, but would also support legislation like the Trump-endorsed RAISE Act that would cut legal immigration levels in half and boost wages for American workers.
“We can't allow terrorists to come into this country on a Diversity Visa Lottery, it is absolutely ludicrous that we would put our American citizens in harm's way,” Hagan said.
Hagan's primary opponent, Anthony Gonzalez, has received the backing of the GOP establishment, including Rep. Kevin McCarthy (R-CA) and Sen. Marco Rubio (R-FL). If elected, Hagan, 29-years-old, would be the youngest woman ever elected to Congress.
Listen to Hagan's full interview here:
Breitbart News Sunday airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 from 8:00 p.m. to 10:00 p.m. Eastern.
John Binder is a reporter for Breitbart News. Follow him on Twitter at @JxhnBinder.
Turkish police have seized almost 1.5 kilograms of a synthetic radioactive substance called californium, one of the most expensive metals in the world, the newspaper Yeni Safak reports.
As a result of a police operation conducted in Pursakar, a region of Ankara, four suspects were detained. They planned to sell the californium for $72 million. According to the newspaper, the market value of californium is $4 million per gram.
READ MORE: Explosion Hits Area Near Police Station in Southern Turkey — Reports
It is assumed that the detainees acted not independently, but were part of a criminal group.
Law enforcers are investigating the circumstances of the appearance of an illegal material in the Turkish capital.
Californium, an element which isn't known to occur in nature, was first synthesized in 1950 at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory in California and is only produced in the United States and Russia.
University's position unclear as business owner looks for answers
Sophie Mattson
THE SANTA CLARA
February 9, 2017
After the closure of The Hut, a legendary dive bar across the street from campus, students are now flocking to the Normandy House Lounge on Tuesdays and Thursdays, prompting the management to hand out plastic cups instead of glass on nights when students swell the bar.
However, Hut property owner Ray Lychak continues to work on the building every week day to “clean the old girl up,” while always wearing his iconic red work shirt, sunglasses and faded jeans. He said that his contractor is amazed at how many people stop by the property to do walk-throughs and share memories of the bar.
The wood panels on the bar's walls were just removed—the panels had blackened after enduring years of spilled libations, Lychak said. He is also meeting with an architect to discuss plans to redesign the bathrooms, and plans to make them ADA compliant.
The bar closed in mid-December after former proprietor Mike O'Brien failed to renew his lease. He ended up removing most of the bar's interior fixtures, including the iconic dollar bills. Since early January, Lychak has been working to tidy up the property.
Lychak said he still wants to reopen the property as a bar that may or may not serve food, and is close to selecting the proprietors—he is currently choosing between two potential tenants, both of whom have business experience.
Arguments Over Signage
O'Brien sold the university three signs that were posted on the exterior of The Hut—two of the signs were located on each side of the building, while the third sign listing the bar's operating hours was posted near the front door. The outdoor signage is currently being stored on campus.
Lychak said he ordered the construction of these outdoor signs himself decades ago, and is alleging that by owning the outdoor signs, Santa Clara is “in possession of stolen property.”
He said that O'Brien's lease outlined that O'Brien owned the indoor fixtures and furniture in the bar—this includes the wooden bar, tables and chairs that the university purchased from O'Brien. However, Lychak insists that the lease outlined that he owned the outdoor signage, not O'Brien, and claims that O'Brien had no legal right to sell the signs to the university.
“Those particular signs are clear-cut, they don't belong to anybody but me,” Lychak said.
Lychak said he has attempted to speak with administrators about the outdoor signage many times, but was stonewalled and redirected to different offices each time.
“It's a shame that the university has to stoop so low and is so hush hush about everything,” Lychak said.
So far, Lychak claims he has yet to meet with an administrator about the signs. He said he tried to meet with John Ottoboni, Santa Clara's general counsel, but Ottoboni refused to speak with him because Lychak has an attorney.
“We've got too many new people hired on campus that don't know the history of Santa Clara and the history of The Hut,” Lychak said.
Ottoboni was unable to meet ahead of print deadlines. Chris Shay, interim vice president of finance and administration, did not respond to interview requests via phone or email.
Alumni Speak Out
Since the closure of The Hut, alumni have been speaking out about their concerns and allegations about the university's involvement.
Alumnus Scott Asher, who graduated in 1987, said he thinks that it was “incredibly unusual” for the university to act as a “PR agency” for O'Brien and announce that The Hut was closing in an email to the university community on Nov. 2.
“To involve themselves in the business of the private company … something just seemed strange about it,” Asher said.
He said that hearing the university make such statements of certainty that the bar was closing and would be gone forever was a “red flag” to him and many other alumni.
“It makes us ask the question, how can you be so certain that there won't be another tenant?” Asher said.
Asher said he has reason to believe that the administration knew that O'Brien would shutter business long before the university announced it would close; he said he thinks that it has been dishonest to faculty, staff, students and alumni about this.
On Oct. 26, 2016, an anonymous source came forward and told The Santa Clara that Santa Clara administrators were well aware that The Hut was closing. One week later, on Nov. 2, Jim Lyons, vice president for University Relations, sent out an email to the university community saying that the bar would be closing.
“The circumstances surrounding the bar's ‘closure' are obviously fishy and disputed by the owner, and unfortunately I suspect our Jesuit institution was directly involved in whatever backroom deals were made,” class of 1990 alumnus Todd Rahimi said in an email.
Now, Asher says he questions Santa Clara's leadership, adding that there are “thousands” of fellow alumni who share the same sentiment about the way the administration has treated the closure of The Hut.
He said this has prompted him to question what else the university might be keeping under wraps.
“I've been on my reunion committee since 1992, and I told them I'm not going to do it this year,” Asher said. “I'm not going to call and ask people to make a gift to this place when the leadership at this university is publicly lying to their constituents.”
Rahimi said that the university has a “long history of lying to students and alumni,” citing Santa Clara's “efforts to close the Hut in the past” and the circumstances surrounding when the university nixed its football program.
“In those moments, we wonder where the Jesuit part of the program has gone and are grimly reminded that the school's administrators are running a business venture like any other, and they will do what they must get what they want,” Rahimi said.
An alumnus who wishes to remain anonymous said that they knew that the university paid for the wooden bar to be ripped out from inside of the building. The bar was removed in December before O'Brien vacated the property.
Asher said he thinks that removing the bar from the property created another hurdle for Lychak to open the bar again. Asher, who once owned a business in Willow Glen, said that anytime you do a tenant improvement on older property, you typically have to get the rest of the building up to code.
The property, a 1910 farmhouse, lacks fire sprinklers, ADA compliant entrances at the front and back of the building and ADA compliant bathrooms. However, Lychak is going to bring the bathrooms up to code.
“You raise the question: has the university just put so many hurdles into the expense of getting this thing up and going again that now you've got a private landowner in his mid-seventies who is now faced with all of these financial hurdles—all because the university was complicit in the supposed acquisition of these assets that O'Brien was allegedly able to sell,” Asher said.
Lychak is also claiming that someone “ratted him out” to the city that the bar was removed from the inside of the building. He said that a city inspector came by on Jan. 13 and told him that you need a permit to remove a bar from the inside of a building, and that someone reported him to the city for not having a permit.
“The guy said he couldn't tell me who reported it,” Lychak said, adding that the inspector told him that he needed to purchase a $55 permit after removing the bar.
Asher said he thinks Lychak will continue to have tremendous difficulty re-opening the bar after the school purchased some of the interior and exterior elements.
“You've now stuck a private citizen with property that has little value, and they can just bleed the guy until he has no choice but to sell the bar,” Asher said.
Concerns About University Development
Although the university does not own the property and did not outline plans to develop on The Hut property in the 2020 plan submitted to the city, alumni are still speculating that the university is positioning itself to eventually have control over the block that The Hut is located on. Santa Clara owns all but five properties on that block.
Santa Clara also owns Franklin Street, which borders both campus and The Hut property.
“I don't think it takes a brain surgeon to realize how many properties they own over there, strategically positioning itself,” Asher said.
On a post shared by the Alumni Association in early November regarding The Hut's impending closure, over 400 individuals commented on the post sharing memories and lamenting about how the bar was closing. One woman wrote on the post that her daughter received a survey about suggestions for another campus dining option, and that one of the options was the location of The Hut.
“I don't think (the administration) will ever realize the damage done to the standing of the school in the eyes of generations of Bronco alumni,” Rahimi said.
Law student Miguel Flores said he understands why Santa Clara might not want a bar so close to campus due given the effects of alcohol on students.
The building is also located down the street from the Jesuit Residence.
However, without The Hut being open, he and his fellow law students lack a centralized meeting spot to allow them to come together and unwind after class.
The Normandy House Lounge, where many students are wetting their whistles, is located near the highway 17 on-ramp, which is significantly further away from campus than The Hut. Now, many students walk several blocks from campus at night or drive to the bar.
“Most students didn't even need to drive (to The Hut), they all live in that vicinity,” Lychak said.
Contact Sophie Mattson at smattson@scu.edu or call (408) 554-4849.
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this Pause
1:24 Tony Romo says he showed he can be the same guy
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America's Team?
3:10 2005 Cross Plains fire changed town, and volunteer fire department
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
1:35 Police Athletic League starts boxing program
1:01 Fuel City opening in Haltom City
4:04 Talkin' Cowboys: Clarence Hill and Charean Williams on the finale
3:13 Dalworthington Gardens mayor responds to questions about Bill Waybourn
Is bitcoin in a bubble?
The price of bitcoin has been soaring this year, and last week alone it jumped from $11,000 to well over $17,000, according to Coindesk. It started the year below $1,000.
That rocketing level of appreciation smells a lot like an irrational investor mania to many economists and financial pros, the kind that sent prices for unprofitable startup internet companies soaring in the dot-com boom. Those prices eventually came crashing down.
"We saw this in the 1990s," says Barry Ritholtz, chairman and chief investment officer of Ritholtz Wealth Management. "Any of those things sound familiar? 'This is unique, this will change everything?'"
Like many others in finance, Ritholtz expects the bitcoin bubble to pop. The only question is when. "Some people think it's early days, some people think it's late," Ritholtz said. "We'll find out in the not-too-distant-future who is right."
Robert Shiller and Joseph Stiglitz, two Nobel-prize winning economists who've seen their share of speculative manias, recently have called bitcoin a bubble. Stiglitz went so far as to tell Bloomberg TV that bitcoin should be "outlawed."
Bitcoin was created in hopes it would become a new kind of currency that people could use outside of the traditional banking system, without backing from any country or central bank. It was also supposed to operate outside of government oversight, which has raised concerns that it will be a haven for criminals.
Unlike traditional currencies, bitcoin doesn't have a country backing it, a central bank, interest rates, or a long history of exchange rates against other currencies, making it extremely difficult to place a value on. Its value is tied only to what people believe it's worth at any given time.
Get the Biz Briefing newsletter! The latest LI business news in your inbox daily. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
Despite the growing interest, bitcoin still is not widely accepted in stores to buy merchandise, and you can't deposit it at a bank. One of the problems with using it as a currency is that its value keeps bouncing around, sometimes very suddenly.
"We have seen bitcoin more as a speculative investment rather than an equivalent to cash," says J. Craig Shearman, spokesman for the National Retail Federation, the world's largest trade association of retailers. "Even if it were a foreign currency, you need to dependably know what the exchange rate is, and bitcoin doesn't meet any of those tests."
Backers of bitcoin say it's about time for a new kind of currency that can be exchanged in private and secure ways. Its promoters include internet entrepreneurs Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss.
This week mainstream financial markets are for the first time allowing investors to make future bets on the direction of bitcoin, but bitcoins themselves will be continued to be traded only on private exchanges, which are mostly out of reach of regulators.
Mark Fratella, a teacher who lives in Elmhurst, Illinois, bought some bitcoin "for the novelty of it" back when it was worth $700 or $800.
Fratella is holding onto his bitcoin, and buying a little more from time to time. He's also buying other cryptocurrencies, such as Ethereum and Litecoin. He's heard the talk of a bitcoin bubble.
"But I have also seen a few analysts talk about how, in the grand scheme of things, there are a relatively low amount of people into bitcoin and there is a huge potential for growth," he said. With the futures trade starting, Fratella thinks people who have been leery of its decentralized, deregulated nature will start buying into it too.
The futures also give investors the opportunity to "short" bitcoin — that is bet that its price will go down — which presently is very difficult to near impossible to do.
While the value of bitcoin itself may be inflated, even some of its biggest critics say that the technology that's behind bitcoin has promise. That technology is called blockchain. It's a kind of digital ledger that securely records transactions and prevents the same bitcoin from being spent twice.
Jamie Dimon, the head of JPMorgan Chase, has called bitcoin "a fraud" that will eventually "blow up." But Dimon also said he thought the blockchain technology was "good" and could be used to make transactions faster and easier.
For now, people keep buying bitcoin, even with all the talk of a bubble. To Ritholtz, the enthusiasm is a combination of the novelty of bitcoin, the built-in scarcity of it — only 21 million of them will ever be created — and the psychology of people being attracted to assets whose prices appear to keep going up.
"One of the first rules of investing is, only invest in things you understand," Ritholtz said. "If you want to speculate in a cryptocurrency and you don't understand it, you might get lucky for a while but those sorts of speculations don't work out well."
BLOCKED: Traffic was backed up for more than 2km after a two-vehicle collision near Maclean.
BLOCKED: Traffic was backed up for more than 2km after a two-vehicle collision near Maclean. Adam Hourigan
Worked his only job at The Daily Examiner since 1995. Keen photographer, and trained classical pianist in very spare time.
UPDATE 6.30PM: AT LEAST two people died following a multi-vehicle crash on the Pacific Highway at Maclean late this afternoon.
Coffs/Clarence Local Area Command duty officer Inspector Jo Reid confirmed two people were killed in the collision, which happened about 4.24pm near the intersection of the Pacific Highway and Cameron St in Maclean.
Traffic is still backed up for more than 2km, with the highway still closed in both directions.
Unconfirmed reports suggest the highway could be closed for hours. Police crash scene investigation teams are on the scene.
A long line of trucks await the re-opening of the Pacific Highway after the multi-vehicle accident. Jake Murray
UPDATE 5.30PM: It's feared at least two people have died in a two-vehicle collision on the Pacific Highway near Ferry Park in Maclean this afternoon.
The highway is closed in both directions, with traffic queues of more than 2km in the area.
Live Traffic NSW is advising motorists to use Summerland Way and Bruxner Highway as an alternative route.
According to a Westpac Life Saver Rescue Helicopter spokesperson, the helicopter was tasked to the multi vehicle collision near Maclean and landed in the nearby Maclean Showground.
The critical care medical team have been road transported to the scene to assist road Ambulance Paramedics.
One patient was stabilised and flown to the Gold Coast University Hospital, the condition of the patient is reported as critical.
Adam Hourigan
A NSW Ambulance spokesperson said ambulance crews were called to the two vehicle collision on the Pacific Highway at Maclean at about 4.20pm.
"Five patients were involved in the accident with two patients trapped," the spokesperson said.
"One patient was released 20 minutes after the call at 4.40 while the second patient was released at 5.15pm
"The patients have been treated on scene by paramedics and are being transported to Lismore Base Hospital."
A police crime scene investigation team is en route to the scene.
Unconfirmed reports indicate the Pacific Highway could be closed for up to six hours.
EARLIER: THE Pacific Highway is closed in both directions after a motor vehicle accident around 4pm just south of the Ferry Park Maclean turnoff.
Traffic is reportedly backed up from the intersection back to Sheehans Lane as a result of the crash, and cars are being diverted through Sheehans Lane from the south.
Police, Ambulance and SES are on the scene of the crash.
More information as it comes to hand.
Atwater Kent and Temple in talks to merge or partner
Atwater Kent and Temple in talks to merge or partner Apr 24
George Washington's desk at the back of a gallery in the Philadelphia History Museum
The Philadelphia History Museum, the city's institutional attic of art and artifacts previously known as the Atwater Kent museum, has entered into talks with Temple University about a possible merger or partnership, according to city and museum officials.
“We are in discussions with Temple,” Charles Croce, museum executive director and chief executive, said Tuesday. “It would form a very interesting umbrella.”
Croce emphasized that “nothing has been signed, but there's great interest” on both sides of the talks.
Joe Lucia, dean of Temple University libraries, said the university has a strong interest in connecting its massive Urban Archives, which cover the city's history from the mid-19th century to the present, with the history museum's artifacts and paintings from roughly the same period.
“Can we align those” histories? Lucia wondered Tuesday. “In the 21st century environment, how do you reinvent the museum?”
He sees the possibility of a partnership with the history museum as opening up new ways of “understanding the urban environment and understanding the Philadelphia environment.”
Talks have been going on for over a year but have recently taken on a “more formal” tone, Lucia said.
In 2015, the history museum entered into similar discussions with Woodmere Art Museum. But those talks eventually were shelved.
This time around, the city, which owns the museum building on South Seventh Street just off Market Street, gave a major nudge to the museum. In October, the managing director's office issued a request for proposals seeking a project manager to work up a “financially sustainable plan” for the museum, including a possible merger with another institution or even “taking steps to dissolve the organization.”
Museum officials, Croce said, successfully argued that they were already being assisted by a consultant, TDC, a Boston firm hired to help with the Woodmere planning.
“A strategic partnership and closure were options to be explored at the time when the RFP was written,” city cultural officer Kelly Lee wrote in an email Tuesday. “The PHM board, the city and TDC all agreed that [the museum's] current business model was not working, and the [museum] did not generate enough revenue to sustain operations.”
Kelly said that the museum “plays a unique role in the cultural fabric of Philadelphia” and that “closure would have been the option of last resort.”
The museum, mandated by the city charter as the official repository of Philadelphia's “material culture,” was at one time relatively well supported by city funds. But since Philadelphia's near bankruptcy in the early 1990s, its museum subsidy has dwindled to the current level of roughly $300,000, annually.
The city also covers costs of maintaining the 1826 Greek Revival building, which was home of the Franklin Institute for more than a century.
The museum owns the “material culture” collection, which includes iconic items such as George Washington's writing desk and Mike Schmidt's batting helmet. Many of its artworks were given to the Atwater Kent by the Historical Society of Pennsylvania in the 1990s when HSP transformed itself into a library and archive only.
The museum now houses more than 100,000 objects in off-site storage, a huge amount given the museum's small staff (there are seven full-time staffers) and minuscule financial resources.
Croce wondered, “How many objects do you need to tell Philadelphia's story effectively?”
The enormous size of the collection is one area that the museum and Temple have discussed.
Croce wants to “assemble a team of experts … to help us evaluate the collection” with an eye toward divesting duplicates and non-relevant artifacts.
“The idea is to cull the collection, not to sell it off,” he said.
Such selling can easily teeter into controversy, as Croce well knows. A previous executive director paid off a costly renovation project in part through collection sales — and was widely criticized for it.
Most professional museum codes sanction sales only to benefit a museum's collection, not installation of new air-conditioning.
Croce said that such types of sales are not in the cards.
Lee, the city's cultural officer, said that, at least as of now, “We are all confident that PHM closing is off the table, and are all excited and hopeful about the partnership and what it could mean for the PHM.”
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
A proposed reduction in the size of Knaresborough and Ripon councils has been called into question over the impact it could have on their performance.
Both areas could see the number of councillors reduced to 12, spread across four wards, under the proposals put forward in a Community Governance Review. It will go for final approval before a meeting of Harrogate Borough Council on Wednesday December 13.
It follows an electoral review for the district by the Local Government Boundary Commission for England which saw changes to the district ward boundaries which now have to be matched on a parish level. However both Knaresborough Town and Ripon City Councillors have raised concerns over what a shift from 15 councillors could have. Members of the Liberal Democrat party in Knaresborough, including Coun Christine Willoughby, plan to put forward an amendment to challenge it.
Coun Willoughby said:"We feel that there should in fact be more councillors serving on the Town Council not less, this could end up seriously costing the town more. While we do have to change something due to the district changes what is being proposed isn't enough. We want to be able to do things for the community and are a group of unpaid people volunteering for our town."
She added: "While it is to be ratified we have an amendment going forward that asks for the council to look at what numbers are available to other towns, it would put us on a level with a settlement the size of say Pateley Bridge. We are a big town and have a lot of housing proposed in the area so we are going to get bigger.
"This would be taking away our capacity to deliver, the Government is allowing us to continue collecting our precepts and provide services but we would instead be doing this with fewer people."
Under the new arrangement Knaresborough would contain the wards of Scriven Park, Eastfield, Aspon and Calcutt along with Knaresborough Castle. Currently 15 councillors serve across three wards, meaning three fewer representatives overall.
In Ripon the proposed wards of Spa, Ure Bank, Minster and Moorside could cause problems according to Coun Sid Hawke, who said the work load is already difficult with the current numbers.
Coun Hawke said: "I am totally against this, we are regularly working through the night at Ripon City Council meetings, 7 to 10pm, and we can't go on with a workload with those numbers.
He added:"I just cannot see the logic in this, we aren't even paid and we do lots for the community. I myself am barely off the phone talking people over issues even before we come to meetings."
A public consultation on the potential changes was held earlier in the year. with 61 people participating in Ripon and 98 in Knaresborough. Following these members of the General Purposes Committee on November 8 voted to recommend the changes in Knaresborough, with eight to one in favour, and Ripon at seven to two.
TORONTO — Accused Toronto van attack suspect Alek Minassian has been charged with 10 counts of first-degree murder and 13 of attempted murder.
Minassian, 25, made a brief court appearance Tuesday dressed in a white forensic jumpsuit. He showed no emotion as he stated his name for the Finch Ave. court.
Justice of the peace Stephen Waisberg ordered him remanded in custody until he appears by video May 10.
Minassian was also ordered to not contact any of the 13 people he's accused of trying to run down on Yonge St. during the horrific attack. Court documents identified them as: Sammantha Samson, Samantha Peart, Morgan McDougall, Mavis Justino, Catherine Riddell, Aleksandra Kozhevinikova, Amir Kiumarsi, Yunsheng Tian, Jun Seok Park, Amaresh Tesfamariam, Beverly Smith, Robert Anderson, and So Ra.
The names of the murder victims were not mentioned on the information charging Minassian.
Minassian's father, Vahe Minassian, was escorted out of the court by police officers.
Police will be holding a press conference at 3 p.m. that will be live-streamed.
An employee of North Raleigh Guns demonstrates how a "bump" stock works at the Raleigh, N.C., shop in 2013. The gunman who unleashed hundreds of rounds of gunfire on a crowd of concertgoers in Las Vegas on Monday, Oct. 2, 2017, attached what is called a "bump-stock" to two of his weapons, in effect converting semiautomatic firearms into fully automatic ones. Allen Breed AP
RIDING HIGH: Simon Delestre won the Saut d'Hermès showjumping competition in the heart of Paris, the first time a French national has taken the 400,000 euro prize of the Hermès International-sponsored event.
In its ninth edition, the contest anchors the Hermès brand's ties to the equestrian universe and carries a five-star ranking, the highest level in the international equestrian sport. It also brings horses back into a venue that had been conceived for them — the Grand Palais.
“Hermès Ryan flew over this test in an exceptional manner,” said Delestre, referring to his horse, who carries the same name as the event's sponsor.
The luxury brand brought horses back to the venue in 2010; the Grand Palais, built for a world's fair and horse events, hosted equestrian sports from 1901 to 1957.
“The idea was to reintroduce the horse, which was chased away by the automobile, into the city and notably into this historic building that was built for it,” explained Marion Larochette, who directs equestrian activities for the company.
Organizers are still considering temporary alternative sites when the Grand Palais undergoes renovations, scheduled at the end of 2020, but plans are to keep the event at the site over the long-term.
The three-day event also serves to reach a broader audience for the luxury firm, which set up workshop and saddle displays on the site. In addition to the competition, other shows included one from Bartabas, a French horse trainer known for introducing the equestrian world to a broader audience with acrobatic performances. Hermès also created a horseshoe-throwing app, fitting the label's annual “Let's Play” theme this year — reflecting the growing use of apps by luxury goods labels as a means to reinforce brand recognition beyond their customer base.
Hermès saddles are made at workshops in the company's chic Faubourg-Saint-Honoré address in central Paris. Starting at around 4,500 euros, they form the heart of the equestrian division at the company, part of the leather goods activity. The most popular models fall in the 6,500 euro range, according to Larochette.
The former L'Oréal executive uses the Hermès' Cavale saddle herself. She oversees all aspects of the business, from creating products, ensuring their production to their sale.
The most important markets are Europe, the U.S., Japan, China and Brazil. The firm has a longstanding relationship with Brazilian equestrian star Nelson Pessoa. His son Rodrigo Pessoa won a gold medal in the Olympic Games in Athens in 2004, using a Brasilia Hermès saddle; father and son had participated in designing the saddle with Hermes.
Another well-known jumping saddle was developed with U.S. Olympic equestrian Bill Steinkraus, and carries his name.
In China, growth of the market is “very dynamic” said Larochette, who noted a surge in interest in equestrian sports in the country in the past decade.
“It's quite astounding, in a very short time period, they managed to put into place pretty impressive infrastructure,” Larochette explained, noting the country was good at bringing in outside knowhow, such as coaching and veterinary expertise.
Hermès chief executive officer Axel Dumas waxed philosophical, referring to the celebrated physicist Stephen Hawking when kicking off the event.
“He probed eternity, movement, the infinitely large. At Hermès, movement, eternity and infinitely large — that's the horse. Without the horse, Hermès would never have existed,” said Dumas.
2:06 Confederate flag ignites battle between private Columbia school, parent says it's his right Pause
1:23 Frank Martin says there are different ways to be a leader. Who will step forward?
1:19 SC mother recalls 11-year-old son's encounter with would-be kidnapper
1:58 USC vs. Arkansas a bigger physical or mental challenge?
0:41 Will Muschamp endorses Kurt Roper
2:18 Las Vegas shooting victims remembered at service
1:18 What's next for South Carolina's offense
0:43 What are the tallest buildings in Columbia?
1:33 Sneak peek: what's the best thing you ate at Urban Cookhouse?
So, you have some neat automotive hobbies? Maybe you tinker with radio control cars, or perhaps you're the one that everybody in the local car scene turns to for detailing tips or sick vinyl graphics. Or maybe you like to doodle car designs – we've all done doodling at some point, right?
We don't know if Slimane Toubal doodles car designs strictly as a hobby, but considering the quality of these renders we seriously doubt it. Actually, we don't know much at all about this automotive artist save that he hails from Spain, and he's supremely talented. He sent us a message awhile back talking about his latest personal project involving Ferraris, and well, we certainly hope his talents aren't just a side gig, because damn.
Toubal has created three fan-made future Ferrari concepts that draw inspiration from past models, and we must say they look great in a crazy, concept way. They represent different versions of his Ferrari 250 design – California is the hardtop, Malibu is the spider, and because you can't have a Ferrari without a competition variant, the Daytona is the no-nonsense track edition.
On his website, Toubal calls his vision “Neo Retro Design,” drawing inspiration from Ferraris of the1960s. While American manufacturers are still cashing in on the whole nostalgia theme with models like the Camaro and Challenger, we haven't really seen such cues from Ferrari. The chrome grille with integrated lights on this concept is a very classy addition to an otherwise thoroughly futuristic design, as are the knockoff wheels. The side glass with mini gull-wing doors on the hardtop variants is a bit odd, but in the context of concept vehicles it all seems right-at-home.
Ferrari, are you paying attention? It's not that the current lineup from Maranello is disappointing in any way, but we wouldn't be upset with a few retro cues as portrayed in these beautiful fan-made concepts. And special thanks to Slimane Toubal for giving us the heads-up on this. Well done, sir.
Source: Slimane Toubal
Description :
Electric Detonators-Global Market Status and Trend Report 2013-2023 offers a comprehensive analysis on Electric Detonators industry, standing on the readers' perspective, delivering detailed market data and penetrating insights. No matter the client is industry insider, potential entrant or investor, the report will provides useful data and information. Key questions answered by this report include:
Worldwide and Regional Market Size of Electric Detonators 2013-2017, and development forecast 2018-2023
Main manufacturers/suppliers of Electric Detonators worldwide, with company and product introduction, position in the Electric Detonators market
Market status and development trend of Electric Detonators by types and applications
Cost and profit status of Electric Detonators, and marketing status
Market growth drivers and challenges
Request For sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/3023342-electric-detonators-global-market-status-and-trend-report-2013-2023
The report segments the global Electric Detonators market as:
Global Electric Detonators Market: Regional Segment Analysis (Regional Production Volume, Consumption Volume, Revenue and Growth Rate 2013-2023):
North America
Europe
China
Japan
Rest APAC
Latin America
Global Electric Detonators Market: Type Segment Analysis (Consumption Volume, Average Price, Revenue, Market Share and Trend 2013-2023):
lnstantaneous Electric Detonators
Delay Electric Detonators
Global Electric Detonators Market: Application Segment Analysis (Consumption Volume and Market Share 2013-2023; Downstream Customers and Market Analysis)
Mining
Building
Military
Others
Global Electric Detonators Market: Manufacturers Segment Analysis (Company and Product introduction, Electric Detonators Sales Volume, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin):
Kayaku
Orica
Dyno Nobel
Forcit
Sichuan Yahua Industrial Group
Nammo AS
Krusik
Extraco SA
IDEAL Detonators Pvt Ltd
Austin Powder GmbH
Saudi Chemical
Complete Report Details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/3023342-electric-detonators-global-market-status-and-trend-report-2013-2023
Table Of Content :
Chapter 1 Overview of Electric Detonators
1.1 Definition of Electric Detonators in This Report
1.2 Commercial Types of Electric Detonators
1.2.1 lnstantaneous Electric Detonators
1.2.2 Delay Electric Detonators
1.3 Downstream Application of Electric Detonators
1.3.1 Mining
1.3.2 Building
1.3.3 Military
1.3.4 Others
1.4 Development History of Electric Detonators
1.5 Market Status and Trend of Electric Detonators 2013-2023
1.5.1 Global Electric Detonators Market Status and Trend 2013-2023
1.5.2 Regional Electric Detonators Market Status and Trend 2013-2023
Chapter 2 Global Market Status and Forecast by Regions
2.1 Market Development of Electric Detonators 2013-2017
2.2 Production Market of Electric Detonators by Regions
2.2.1 Production Volume of Electric Detonators by Regions
2.2.2 Production Value of Electric Detonators by Regions
2.3 Demand Market of Electric Detonators by Regions
2.4 Production and Demand Status of Electric Detonators by Regions
2.4.1 Production and Demand Status of Electric Detonators by Regions 2013-2017
2.4.2 Import and Export Status of Electric Detonators by Regions 2013-2017
Chapter 3 Global Market Status and Forecast by Types
3.1 Production Volume of Electric Detonators by Types
3.2 Production Value of Electric Detonators by Types
3.3 Market Forecast of Electric Detonators by Types
Chapter 4 Global Market Status and Forecast by Downstream Industry
4.1 Demand Volume of Electric Detonators by Downstream Industry
4.2 Market Forecast of Electric Detonators by Downstream Industry
Chapter 5 Market Driving Factor Analysis of Electric Detonators
5.1 Global Economy Situation and Trend Overview
5.2 Electric Detonators Downstream Industry Situation and Trend Overview
Chapter 6 Electric Detonators Market Competition Status by Major Manufacturers
6.1 Production Volume of Electric Detonators by Major Manufacturers
6.2 Production Value of Electric Detonators by Major Manufacturers
6.3 Basic Information of Electric Detonators by Major Manufacturers
6.3.1 Headquarters Location and Established Time of Electric Detonators Major Manufacturer
6.3.2 Employees and Revenue Level of Electric Detonators Major Manufacturer
6.4 Market Competition News and Trend
6.4.1 Merger, Consolidation or Acquisition News
6.4.2 Investment or Disinvestment News
6.4.3 New Product Development and Launch
Chapter 7 Electric Detonators Major Manufacturers Introduction and Market Data
7.1 Kayaku
7.1.1 Company profile
7.1.2 Representative Electric Detonators Product
7.1.3 Electric Detonators Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin of Kayaku
7.2 Orica
7.2.1 Company profile
7.2.2 Representative Electric Detonators Product
7.2.3 Electric Detonators Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin of Orica
7.3 Dyno Nobel
7.3.1 Company profile
7.3.2 Representative Electric Detonators Product
7.3.3 Electric Detonators Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin of Dyno Nobel
7.4 Forcit
7.4.1 Company profile
7.4.2 Representative Electric Detonators Product
7.4.3 Electric Detonators Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin of Forcit
7.5 Sichuan Yahua Industrial Group
7.5.1 Company profile
7.5.2 Representative Electric Detonators Product
7.5.3 Electric Detonators Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin of Sichuan Yahua Industrial Group
Continued…….
CONTACT US:
NORAH TRENT
Partner Relations & Marketing Manager
sales@wiseguyreports.com
http://www.wiseguyreports.com
Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US)
Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK)
This seemed pretty clear based on circumstantial evidence and James Comey's testimony last week. But The Washington Post is reporting that Special Counsel Robert Mueller is now investigating President Trump for possible obstruction of justice. That's zero to obstruction in under 5 months, amazing and genuinely impressive in the sense of achievement in corrupt behavior and malicious intent.
Donald Trump. He's doing great work. And people are noticing.
LIVE 101.5 HAS YOUR CHANCE TO WIN TICKETS TO ACE COMIC CON!
ACE Comic Con is hitting Arizona in January, and your friends here at LIVE 101.5 want to hook you up with tickets to the event! With celebrity guests including Chris Evans, Stan Lee, Tom Holland, and tons more, you don't want to miss this epic weekend.
ACE Universe produces premium events in world-class venues that feature the best of Film, TV, Gaming, Virtual Reality, Collectibles, Comics, Original Art, Toys, Action Figures, Graphic Novels, Illustrators, Writers, Creators, and Entertainment Programming! WOW!
To get more info about the tour, CLICK HERE!
ENTER TO WIN below from LIVE 101.5! Keep it on Live 101.5 for more chances to win!
Related Coverage Ohio teen rescues 4-year-old on first day as a lifeguard
(WTNH) — There are some dangerous rip currents after some recent drownings, especially on the east coast.
Those currents are partially to blame for at least 59 deaths just this summer.
In New Jersey, there have been six deaths in the past two months alone, while that number is typically one to three per year.
Related Content: Ohio teen rescues 4-year-old on first day as a lifeguard
Last year, there were more than 68,000 rip current rescues.
“Rip currents are going to occur with equal frequency in either a natural or completely different man-made beach,” said Dr. Stewart Farrell, Director of Stockton Univeristy's Coastal Research Center.
Experts say instead of swimming toward the shore, you should swim diagonally.
FILE PHOTO: The logo of Merck is pictured in this illustration photograph in Cardiff, California April 26, 2016. REUTERS/Mike Blake/Illustration/File Photo
Merck & Co Inc (MRK.N) on Tuesday reported better-than-expected profit in the first quarter as surprisingly strong demand for animal health products, vaccines and its hepatitis C treatment offset nearly $700 million in lower sales from drugs that lost patent protection.
The U.S. drugmaker said its fast-growing immuno-oncology drug Keytruda is gaining market share and sees future sales opportunities across multiple types of cancer, despite first quarter sales of $584 million falling just shy of analysts' estimates.
The company said Keytruda has become "the most prescribed" product for previously untreated, or first-line, lung cancer and it is looking to expand its use in second-line lung therapy.
Merck is awaiting a potential U.S. approval next week for Keytruda in combination with chemotherapy.
"The approval could meaningfully boost sales of Keytruda given the size of the lung cancer market," said Edward Jones analyst Ashtyn Evans of by far the largest oncology market.
Research chief Roger Perlmutter called the combination "a major opportunity to establish Keytruda further as a real preferred treatment therapy."
Keytruda use is also growing in head and neck cancers, with 15 percent of U.S. sales for that indication now compared with 40 percent from lung.
Merck slightly raised its 2017 adjusted earnings forecast to a range of $3.76 to $3.88 per share from its prior view $3.72 to $3.87, due to a favorable foreign exchange environment.
It now expects full-year revenue of $39.1 billion to $40.3 billion, up from $38.6 billion-$40.1 billion.
Total revenue rose 1.3 percent to $9.43 billion in the quarter, beating analysts' average estimate of $9.25 billion, despite the loss of U.S. patent exclusivity on cholesterol drug Zetia, antibiotic Cubicin, Nasonex nasal spray, and new competition for rheumatoid arthritis drug Remicade in Europe. Merck's blockbuster cholesterol drug Vytorin will also face competition from cheap generic rivals going forward.
"In addition to Keytruda, we've got multiple other launches that are showing good growth and we've got a strong portfolio of vaccines" to help offset loss of exclusivities, said Adam Schechter, Merck's head of global human health.
Merck's hepatitis C treatment Zepatier had sales of $378 million, topping analysts' estimates of $269 million, while sales of $532 million for Gardasil vaccine against human papillomavirus also sailed past Wall Street forecasts. Animal health sales grew 13 percent to $939 million.
The company cautioned that animal health growth would be "more measured in subsequent quarters."
Excluding items, Merck earned 88 cents per share, beating analysts' average estimate by 5 cents, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.
Merck shares were up 10 cents at $62.48.
(Reporting by Bill Berkrot in New York and Natalie Grover in Bangaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza, Bernard Orr)
The season is over. The answers are all in.
No. 2 pencils down, everyone.
Grades for the 2017 Texas Rangers are due, and they didn't pass the test.
The Rangers failed in their attempted at an American League West three-peat and also fell short of a wild-card spot.
The Rangers were one of 10 teams to finish below .500 in the top-heavy AL. They were a middle-of-the-road team in the worst of the two leagues, so give them a C.
No offense to Phil Gosselin, Mike Hauschild, Pete Kozma, Preston Claiborne, Jhan Marinez and that ilk of minor contributors, but grading them would take up precious column space.
No grades were given the front office or coaching staff. As the architects and stewards of a team that relative to the rest of the league is a C, they get a C, too.
As it is, 33 grades (out of 59 players) are handed out below, A through F. No minuses or pluses. Alphabetical order with each grade. Only three players receive the highest mark, but only five receive the lowest.
As could probably be expected, the most frequently awarded grade is a C. Makes sense for a C of a team, right?
Let's take a look:
A's
Elvis Andrus: A career year for the shortstop has him in a position once thought unthinkable — opting out of his eight-year contract after next season. He was the Rangers' best player from Opening Day to the finale.
Alex Claudio: In a bullpen full of duds, Claudio was clearly the best. He might have been the best has the bullpen been better. He knows how to pitch with what he has, and became the most trusted reliever the Rangers had.
Joey Gallo: How can someone receive an A while batting .209? Based on where Gallo was after 2016, that's how. He spent the entire season in the majors, swatting 41 homers and playing three positions. He's a star in the making.
B's
Adrian Beltre: He doesn't get an A because he didn't play enough, but he doesn't get the F he feels like he deserves. When he played, he was producing like an MVP on a bum calf and, later, a bum hamstring. And whole 3,000-hit thing was pretty cool.
Austin Bibens-Dirkx: This 32-year-old rookie was a feel-good story, and an effective pitcher. He helped the Rangers stay in striking distance in May while Cole Hamels was injured and currently stands as one of the Rangers' top eight returning relievers.
Andrew Cashner: The season was an A for him, aside from a couple minor injuries. Cashner was the Rangers' best starting pitcher. He doesn't strike out hitters anymore, by design, but competes with a power sinker. He'll get paid this off-season.
Robinson Chirinos: The Rangers felt comfortable trading away Jonathan Lucroy because they had Chirinos, who set career-highs in homers and average while also having the confidence of the pitching staff. He's tough, too.
Shin-Soo Choo: Though he was upset with his season, Choo stayed healthy and was the Rangers' leading on-base man (among qualifiers). He also proved to be a steady hand in right field, and he popped 22 homers to match his career-high.
Delino DeShields: The Rangers win games when DeShields starts. They win more games when he scores a run. Though there are concerns about his defense in center field, the spark he gives the offense is invaluable.
Jake Diekman: He pitched only the final month, and was very good. He went through medical hell for six months to make his life and career better. The inspirational left-hander could very well be the Rangers' closer in 2018.
Nomar Mazara: His average dipped as his quad injury flared in the final month, but Mazara proved to be a run producer. While runs batted in might not be a sexy statistic to numbers freaks, his team-high 101 RBI were lauded by his teammates and manager.
C's
Matt Bush: His future might well be as a starter after an inconsistent sophomore season that included a bumpy ride in his time at closer.
Willie Calhoun: So, he didn't contribute much in his first taste of the majors, yet he did good enough offensively and even in left field to be considered for a 2018 roster spot.
Yu Darvish: Traded on July 31, Darvish saw the Rangers lose 10 of his final 12 starts. Loaded with talent, he went out with a whimper by allowing 10 runs in his finale.
Carlos Gomez: The club hasn't ruled out re-signing a player they have come to love. He brings energy and an edge, and he can do a lot of a baseball field ... when healthy.
Cole Hamels: The staff ace admitted that his season was a miss because he failed to reach his goals. An injury cost him nearly two months. He was very good at times.
Keone Kela: After a demotion to start the season for an attitude adjustment, Kela was the Rangers' best reliever when healthy. But healthy was an issue for a second straight season.
Jose Leclerc: A surprise for the Opening Day roster, Leclerc found himself in key spots early on. But all the good steps forward he had taken were lost in the second half.
Martin Perez: His second half was B worthy, even though the stats show a lower first-half ERA. Perez finished with a flourish and is riding confidence entering 2018.
Ricky Rodriguez/Nick Gardewine: They're not the same pitcher, but they are both right-handers called up from Double A Frisco in August. They showed well at times and are candidates for the Opening Day roster.
D's
Tony Barnette: He might have pitched himself out of a $4 million club option. No pitcher in baseball allowed a higher percentage (51.2) of inherited runners to score.
A.J. Griffin: His ERA was nearly 6 (5.94) despite the only shutout of the season. Always susceptible to the homer, he was especially so this season (20 homer in 77 1/3 innings).
Jonathan Lucroy: High hopes were placed on the former All-Star catcher, and he dashed them all with one of the worst stretches of his career. He was traded July 30 to Colorado.
Nick Martinez: No one gave up more homers than Martinez, who issued 26 in only 111. 1/3 innings. But he was better than in 2017 and could be in the rotation next season.
Jurickson Profar: He didn't get a chance to overcome his slow start. Then, he didn't get many chances at all at the big-league level, not even in September.
Drew Robinson: Perhaps a tough grade for a rookie who didn't get regular playing time. Nevertheless, he was streaky at the plate and defensively.
Ryan Rua: He was given a chance to be the left fielder, albeit a short look. Some remain curious to see what he would do with regular playing time.
F's
Sam Dyson: He went 16 with a 10.80 ERA in 17 appearances as the incumbent closer, and then had the nerve to go and flourish with the San Francisco Giants.
Jeremy Jeffress: He was rarely effective in 2017 before a trade back to Milwaukee, which sent him to the Rangers in 2016.
Mike Napoli: The fan favorite managed to hit only .193 with 163 strikeouts. Though he hit 29 homers, too often he came up empty in key spots.
Rougned Odor: Odor hit 30 home runs in the first year of his six-year, $49.5 million deal. But he batted .204, slugged.649, struck out 162 times and left 265 runners.
Tyson Ross: The worst signing of the winter and one of the worst by general manager Jon Daniels, Ross never shed the rust from a year-long layoff and off-season surgery.
Before Boise State linebacker Leighton Vander Esch had any idea where he would be drafted, Star-Telegram reporter Lena Blietz asked him and Boise State coach Bryan Harsin about how they would react if the Cowboys selected him.
The candidate who wants to pursue Jacob Zuma, ex-wife, Nkosazana-Dlamini Zuma, started the demagoguery again, when at an ANC meeting when she demanded that radical economic transformation must take place to control “white capitalists” in the country.
Observers point out that she mostly uses the same terms as her former husband, and therefore hopes to get support for her campaign to become the ANC leader.
Read the original article in Afrikaans on Die Vryburger
South Africa Today – South Africa News
Parents have slammed retailers for selling a sickening ‘Burnt Zombie Child' Hallowe'en costume for young children in the wake of the Grenfell Tower tragedy.
At least 18 children died in the horrifying inferno with experts warning tens of thousands of youngsters across the UK have been left traumatised by the disaster.
The £34.99 costume, sold by online retailer Escapade, is aimed at children aged just eight to ten years old.
Furious parents have slammed the firm for its insensitivity, with 99 per cent saying they would ban their child from wearing it.
And an outfit marketed as an ‘Anne Frank costume for girls' has been withdrawn from sale following an online outcry.
The costume, sold on sites including Halloweencostumes.eu, consisted of a blue overcoat, green beret, brown satchel and brown paper name tag, and was also listed on Amazon as ‘World War II Evacuee Girl Costume”.
As retailers unveil their Halloween costumes this week, the annual study from parenting site ChannelMum.com showed two thirds of parents now claim some Halloween costumes are ‘too frightening' for young children, up from just 48 per cent last year.
One in five fear Hallowe'en is becoming more sinister every year and two in five (41 per cent) claim costumes no longer have a traditional Halloween theme but are selected simply to terrify.
The study of 1,006 parents found 84 per cent of UK families celebrate Hallowe'en and of these, 94 per cent allow their kids to dress up.
But there is widespread worry about the direction the celebration is taking.
Other costumes highlighted by concerned parents include a Headless Horseman with a bloodied stump for a neck and no face, aimed at children aged just eight, alongside a ‘Killer Clown' costume for eight to ten year olds which is marketed holding a bloodied meat cleaver - despite rising levels of knife crime.
Disturbingly, there has been an in increase in the number of sexualised costumes for young girls, with 55 per cent of parents agreeing many are ‘too sexual' for children, up from 43 per cent who felt this way last year.
Among the inappropriate costumes on offer is the provocatively-named ‘Midnight Mischief' sold by the Duchess of Cambridge's parent's Party Pieces store.
The costume, for four to six year olds, is a ‘sexy witch' with a corset and short mini skirt.
Retailer halloweencostumes.co.uk was also slammed by shocked parents for selling a XXS version of the skin-tight Sexy Feline Catsuit Costume, with a chest measurement of just 24 inches - the same as a typical six year old.
And even the traditional ghost outfit has been given a horror makeover, with ‘Scream' style masks added to costumes for three-year-old toddlers.
As a result, nine in ten (89%) of parents now back age-appropriate ratings on costumes, up from just 68 per cent last year.
A further 92 per cent want retailers to take more responsibility for the outfits they sell, with 67 per cent claiming stores only care about profit.
One in five parents even admitted their child had had a negative experience wearing a Hallowe'en costume - with 16 per cent of children being so terrified by another child's costume that they have left Hallowe'en celebrations.
ChannelMum.com founder Siobhan Freegard said: “Have retailers fallen under an evil Halloween spell? Looking spooky and scary is great fun and what Hallowe'en is all about - but some of these costumes have gone far too far.
“Stores have to be sensitive to the world around them. It's time to realise it's unacceptable to sell some of these outfits. Sexualising toddlers or pushing costumes which could traumatise simply for profit is the nastiest thing about Hallowe'en.”
Here are the Nasty 9 most evil costumes on sale for children this year:
1) Burnt Dead Zombie Child
Age: 8 to 10
Retailer: escapade.co.uk
Cost: £34.99
99% of parents would not let their child wear it
2) Witch
Costume Name: Midnight Mischief
Age: Ages 4 to 6 (corset and mini skirt)
Retailer: Party Pieces
Cost: £20.99
98% of parents would not let their child wear it
3) Killer Clown (shown holding meat cleaver)
Costume Name: Killer Klown Child Costume
Age: 8 to 10
Retailer: escapade.co.uk
Cost: £22.99
95% of parents would not let their child wear it
4) Black Cat
Costume Name: Sexy Feline Catsuit Costume
Age: XXS to fit 24 inch chest - typically a 6 to 8 year old
Retailer: halloweencostumes.co.uk
Cost: £42.99
98% of parents would not let their child wear it
5) Little Devil:
Costume Name: Hot Stuff Devil Costume
Age: 10 to 12
Retailer: Party Priceless on eBay
Cost: £16.98
97% of parents would not let their child wear it
6) Bat
Costume Name: Kids Spooky Bat
Age: 10 to 12
Retailer: wonderlandparty.co.uk/
Cost: £14.99
97% of parents would not let their child wear it
7) Headless Horseman
Costume Name: Headless Horseman
Age: 8 to 10
Retailer: Party Pieces
Cost: £23.99
95% of parents would not let their child wear it
8) Bloody Face Off (Jason from Friday the 13th Horror Movie)
Costume Name: Bloody Face Off
Age: 8 to 10
Cost: £12.99
94% of parents would not let their child wear it
9) Ghost
Costume Name: Child Howling Ghost
Age: 3 to 4
Retailer: joke.co.uk
Cost: £8.99
79% of parents would not let their child wear it
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
In this May 18, 2018, photo, Miles Thornback, left, who has cerebral palsy, works on marketing campaigns for agents talks with Jordan Wilson at RE/MAX Prestige real estate office in Costa Mesa, Calif. Thornback got hired three years ago at the real estate agency after the owners heard that heâ€™d spent six years applying for jobs at hundreds of companies and finding nothing but negative mindsets. Many small business owners are open to hiring or want to recruit employees who have disabilities. Sometimes itâ€™s because they want to create opportunities for people who have talent and skills but canâ€™t find jobs. (AP Photo/Chris Carlson)
In this May 18, 2018, photo, Miles Thornback, left, who has cerebral palsy, works on marketing campaigns for agents talks with Jordan Wilson at RE/MAX Prestige real estate office in Costa Mesa, Calif. Thornback got hired three years ago at the real estate agency after the owners heard that heâ€™d spent six years applying for jobs at hundreds of companies and finding nothing but negative mindsets. Many small business owners are open to hiring or want to recruit employees who have disabilities. Sometimes itâ€™s because they want to create opportunities for people who have talent and skills but canâ€™t find jobs. (AP Photo/Chris Carlson)
NEW YORK (AP) - On any weekday morning, Miles Thornback is working on marketing campaigns for real estate agents or dealing with tricky tech issues at the office.
Thornback, who has cerebral palsy, got hired three years ago at the RE/MAX Prestige real estate agency in Costa Mesa, California, after the owners heard that he'd spent six years applying for jobs at hundreds of companies and finding nothing but negative mindsets.
Many small business owners are open to hiring or specifically recruit people who have disabilities, sometimes because they want to expand the opportunities for people with talent and skills but who can't find jobs. The unemployment rate for people with disabilities who want to be hired is 8 percent, more than twice the national average.
"I think a lot of people assume that if you're disabled, you can't work," says Thornback, 36, who uses a wheelchair.
While some jobs he applied for would have required him to do errands, which he couldn't have done, at many places he never got a clear explanation of why he wasn't considered. In his job, he coordinates with real estate agents and data providers to create postcards and letters that advertise properties for sale.
Jay O'Brien, an owner at the RE/MAX office, learned about Thornback through Goodwill Industries, which works with the Regional Center of Orange County, an organization that provides training and services for people with developmental disabilities.
O'Brien has been impressed with Thornback's technical abilities, as he's been able to resolve issues that confounded everyone else. O'Brien and his business partner, Sammer Mudawar, wanted to see Thornback flourish in his work.
"We didn't want it to be seen as a charity move," O'Brien says, such as, "'You can park your wheelchair here for two hours a day and we'll pay you and we can feel better about ourselves.'"
The kind of disability a person has can vary, and can be cognitive or physical. So employees may be capable of different types of work. They do face similar difficulties in the workplace that others don't.
Alyssa and Shawn Cox, who volunteer at a camp for children with Down syndrome, created a store greeter position at one of their three Clothes Mentor locations in North Carolina with the intention of hiring someone with the genetic chromosomal disorder.
They hired Julia Cirone in December. The 20-year-old who works three days a week began by welcoming customers and "aced that immediately," Alyssa Cox says.
Cirone has since started assisting shoppers, helping them pick out clothes. Sales haves increased since she began working at the store, the busiest of the three locations. While the Coxes would like to hire Cirone full time, she wants to do volunteer work the other two days.
There are plenty of people who want to be hired, an "untapped" talent pool, according to Joyce Bender, owner of Bender Consulting Services, a company that recruits workers with disabilities.
For businesses that are interested, Bender suggests resources including organizations that help people with disabilities, and state and local agencies including unemployment offices. Many universities have offices that provide services to students with disabilities, including job placement. Colleges, Bender noted, are a good resource for owners who want staffers with science, technology, engineering and mathematics skills.
Business owners do need to abide by federal and state laws if employees with disabilities need help balancing their work and their personal or medical needs. That can mean flexible work hours, time off for doctor appointments and desks that can be raised or lowered, says Anne Marie Estevez, an employment law attorney with Morgan Lewis in Miami.
Owners also need to get past some concerns, including what happens if a hire doesn't work out.
"Some employers feel, if I hire the person, I can never let them go even if they're doing a terrible job. That's not true," says Rebecca Shulman, senior program director at Jewish Vocational Service in East Orange, New Jersey. "The employer has the right to let them go."
Curtis Boyd had recruited a man with neurological problems to work at Future Solutions Media, a Los Angeles-based company that helps businesses handle negative online reviews. But the staffer was unable to sit in front of a computer for hours at a time, and had to leave the job.
Though it didn't work out in that case, Boyd said he would hire a job candidate with a disability again.
While many owners who recruit employees from nonprofit groups know what the person's disability is, they cannot under law ask for details, Estevez says.
When Steven Hollins hired a 16-year-old young man two years ago for his Chick-Fil-A franchise restaurant in Buena Park, California, he knew the new staffer would likely need some extra training, and would have a job coach to help as needed. Hollins left it at that.
The man started out by bringing food to customers at their tables and cleaning up after they left. Within a few months, the job coach left - the employee didn't need any help getting his work done. As time went on, the man sought and was given more responsibilities, and now helps with maintenance tasks.
"He's willing to stay late and learn," Hollins said. "That kind of attitude in our business goes a long way."
_____
Follow Joyce Rosenberg at www.twitter.com/JoyceMRosenberg . Her work can be found here: https://apnews.com/search/joyce%20rosenberg
New Delhi: In yet another shocking incident, a 20-year-old woman was allegedly raped and thrown off the fourth floor in a semi-naked condition by a man here. The incident took place on the intervening night of August 10 and 11 in Rohini area of national capital.
As per the reports of PTI, the condition of the woman is critical and she is yet to record her statement with police. The woman, an assistant chef at a city five-star hotel had gone out with her friend, her boyfriend and the 22-year-old accused.
While returning, the accused offered to drop the victim home and said he would get his car from his house.
Talking to the agency police said, "Her friend and her boyfriend proceeded in an autorickshaw from Rama Vihar. Soon after, they saw people running in one direction, and learnt that a man was seen running away from a building after throwing the woman from the fourth floor."
By the time the police reached the spot, the woman had been taken to Baba Saheb Ambedkar hospital in Rohini.
It is suspected that the accused forced himself on the woman and when she resisted, he pushed her off. Her family alleged that there was another man who was also present there. However, police have nabbed 22-year-old accused and filed a case under sections of rape, attempt to murder and kidnapping.
(With inputs from PTI)
Cayman Islands National Under-20 Boys Football Team Manager Antwan Seymour says the inaugural Cayman Cup that was set to feature teams from Jamaica, Cuba and Dominican Republic against Cayman in a 3-day international tournament this weekend is postponed yet again.
“We are looking at financial and visa issues, and are seeking more assistance from anyone really. The association has struggled to give us a sense and government hasn't gotten back to us, so we are pretty much dealing off of ticket sales and sponsors now, so we are still short.”
This is the second time the event has been rescheduled and Seymour says the lack of support indicates the public still does not trust the Cayman Islands Football Association or football related events.
“We are still getting punished for the actions of Jeffery Webb. It's like the recession, everyone is using it as an excuse. At the end of the day, the kids are not playing for CIFA, the kids are playing for Grand Cayman, Cayman Brac and Little Cayman.”
The tournament, which was scheduled to run 23rd-25th March, would not have included the Dominican team, who have since backed out. Through fundraising Seymour says they agreed to provide travel and boarding for both Jamaica and Cuba. With the teams now asking for additional support to fund travel visas, Seymour says they simply cannot afford the costs.
“If we had to depend just on the government and the association, we would never do anything. There are loyal supporters out there, we just need more.”
In place of the tournament, the Under-20's will play the Under-23 men's team this weekend in friendly competition starting Friday.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Print
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A six foot tall emu is on the loose in Cambridgeshire - and was almost run over by a shocked driver.
Police have appealed for information after the big bird was spotted on the B1040 Wistow turnoff.
Officers were told by a motorist how he narrowly avoided hitting the creature.
Police mounted a search for the bird but it had fled into the countryside near Huntingdon.
A police spokesman said: “Police received a call from a motorist stating that he had nearly collided with an emu on the B1040 near the Wistow junction, early on Monday (October 2).
“The emu was described as grey and nearly 6 feet tall.
"Officers carried out a thorough search of the area, but no trace of the bird was found.
"Police are aware that there were reports of an escaped emu in the woods near Gamlingay at the beginning of the month.”
Indeed a lovestruck emu had escaped to look for her mate, but was found and then returned home by her owner. There is no report she has made a bid for freedom again.
The large flightless bird called Victoria searched for her breeding pair for two days before being found by her owner.
She was sat on her unnamed owner's front passenger seat with the seatbelt on as he drove her back in his BMW pm September 12.
A spokesman for the Wildlife Trust in Gamlingay Wood, Cambridgeshire, about 20 miles from Wistow, said today (October 6): “We have had no reports the emu has escaped again.”
The missing bird was reported to the RSPCA and pictures of her were posted on Gamlingay Wood parish council site.
The spokesman for the Wildlife Trust said the reserve received several calls from people across the UK asking about the emu's welfare after sharing a photo of it taken in Gamlingay Wood.
If you see the emu causing a hazard on the roads, call police on 101.
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app. It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple's App Store , or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play.
A systematic review of basic and clinical science research has revealed no definitive standard for detecting military veterans at risk of suicidal behavior, nor is there a clear standard of treatment to prevent suicide among U.S. veterans.
The review, conducted by researchers at OHSU and the VA Portland Health Care System in Portland, Oregon, to be published June 15 in the journal Psychiatric Services, comes at a time of increasing public attention to the high rate of suicide among veterans -- roughly 20 a day, according to the VA.
"There is currently no definitive screening method for assessing the risk of suicide that would lead to a uniform approach to prevent it," said lead author Heidi D. Nelson, M.D., M.P.H., M.A.C.P., research professor and vice chair of medical informatics and clinical epidemiology in the OHSU School of Medicine and an investigator for the Pacific Northwest Evidence-based Practice Center. "However, this review did shine a light on several promising approaches."
The suicide rate among veterans eclipsed the civilian rate between 2000 and 2010, a time frame that corresponds to the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq. Commissioned by the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, the review combed the scientific literature to identify studies published before September 2015 to ascertain the best evidence for detecting and treating suicide risk among veterans.
The research team evaluated and compared studies that assessed the accuracy of methods to identify individuals at increased risk for suicide and the effectiveness of various interventions in reducing suicide and suicide attempts. They identified a total of 37 studies that were included in the review, many with a focus on U.S. military veterans.
Several screening methods demonstrated fair or better accuracy in identifying patients at risk for suicide, including two based on large administrative data sets and one that employed a self-assessment questionnaire. While various screening methods could identify individuals at risk, they also resulted in high numbers of false alarms.
"It is unclear at this point what level of risk would be needed for a specific method to be clinically useful," Nelson and colleagues wrote. "For example, even with a positive predictive value of 30 percent for suicidal behavior, as observed in included studies of high-risk veteran populations, 70 of every 100 cases would be false positives."
The review found that various suicide intervention approaches - such as restricting or delaying access to lethal means such as firearms or medication -- were not evaluated in clinical trials, while trials of various therapies were generally inconclusive because the study was inadequately designed to detect differences between treatment approaches or because high-risk patients may have dropped out because of their need for acute care.
"For our veterans with PTSD, depression and related conditions, that can be a very heavy load to carry, especially if the transition from military to civilian life is bumpy," said co-author Alan Teo, M.D., M.S., an assistant professor of psychiatry in the OHSU School of Medicine and the VA Portland Health Care System. "Given the millions of veterans that we are obligated to provide excellent health care for, this study shows all the more reason we need more coordinated research done on suicide prevention. We simply can't let our guard down."
The authors suggest the need for large-scale, multi-site randomized controlled trials.
###
The systemic review was funded by the Quality Enhancement Research Initiative, Office of Research and Development, Veterans Health Administration in the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs. The work of co-author Maya O'Neil, Ph.D., was supported in part by PCOR K12 award 1K12 HS019456 01 from the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality. Teo's work was supported in part by career development award CDA 14-428 from the VHA's Health Service Research and Development.
In a 5-4 decision, the U.S. Supreme Court held today that foreign corporations, even ones with branches in the United States, cannot be held liable for damages stemming from claims they participated in some way in or facilitated terrorist attacks.
The court's conservatives, making up the majority, held that foreign corporations may not be defendants under the Alien Tort Statute, a law dating back to 1789, originally put in place to deal with piracy. They said that a decision the other direction could deter corporate development.
The case involved the Arab Bank, a Jordanian financial institution with a branch in New York, was sued by the victims of a terrorist act committed abroad. The bank is accused of allowing terrorists to maintain bank accounts and helping finance terror attacks.
This decision will effectively put an end to human-rights lawsuits against overseas corporations that have ties to the United States.
By
In Clay County officials have said they haven't had to deal with Fentanyl or Carfentanyl but it's only a matter of time. Coroners in Ohio have told first responders to stop using latex gloves. The warnings come after a new kind of synthetic drug called Carfentanil is able to seep through paramedics and EMT's gloves and enter their blood stream.
Subscribe to the Manchester Enterprise Today!
Click Here To Subscribe On-line
“We're getting to hear their nightmare stories” said Clay County Sheriff Kevin Johnson.
Johnson's comments come in regards to Northern Kentucky officials having to deal with the new drug problem and passing on their information to their counterparts in Eastern Kentucky.
As of right now Clay County officials have had no reports of Fentanyl or Carfentanil but the clock is ticking.
http://www.local8now.com/content/news/Coroners-tell-first-responders-to-ditch-the-latex-gloves-428226763.html
Feb. 3 (UPI) -- Golden State Warriors star Stephen Curry and wife Ayesha announced that they are having another baby.
The couple made the announcement on Friday on social media.
"Baby #3 Mood right here! Thankful for @ayeshacurry every single day for being the heart beat and spirit behind our family," Steph posted Friday. "Better be ready for the R&R show."
Curry's post featured Ayesha dancing around with their two daughters and family dog. Riley is 5-years-old and Ryan Carson is 2-years-old.
Ayesha was sporting a shirt reading "preggers" in the videos. She posted a photo of herself on her social media accounts.
"Heyyyy how did this happen?! Curry party of 5. Feeling very blessed...and very sick. Yippie! #curryfor3," she wrote in the caption.
Carmelo Anthony's wife Lala and Kobe Bryant's wife Vanessa posted congratulatory messages in Ayesha's Instagram comments.
Ayesha and Steph were married in 2011.
Steph poured in 23 points and had six assists and five rebounds in the Warriors' 119-104 win Saturday against the Sacramento Kings.
Minnis Government's Austerity 2018/19 Budget Communication presented in Parliament…187 Million to borrow – This means Minnis Government Would have borrowed some $2.098 BILLION IN ONE YEAR!!!
Nassau – The Minnis Government brought its IMF generated 2018/19 People's Budget to the Parliament this morning with tons of austerity measures on the backs of the Bahamian people.
The projections to possibly increase taxes came Sunday when Opposition Leader Philip Brave Davis Q.C., in an advance Budget Statement, noted that, considering the anaemic performance of revenue in the past year, Bahamians should brace themselves for higher taxes in the upcoming FNM Budget.
Poor fiscal discipline by the Minnis Government in the past year has forced a borrowing exercise of over $1.7 Billion. Added to this, the Minnis Government sought a $211 Million Guarantee Loan for the Bahamas Power and Light, and today they brought a $187 Million deficit request to defray the expenses for its 2018/19 budget. The total amount would mean that the Government would have borrowed some $2.098 BILLION on the backs of the poor in just one year. A borrowing exercise which has yet to give any real accounting of its revenue shortfall or collection on Taxes – THIS MUST BE CRIMINAL!
Added to this, it was announced that VAT will now be increased from 7.5% to 12% beginning July 1st.
Now here's the trick! Imagine going to a restaurant and paying 12% VAT PLUS 15% GRATS for eating out? Dining has just moved home. And we expect hotels around the country to began sitting on the steps of the government tonight!
With reduced taxes on new planes and helicopters, someone must ask who is the Minnis Government really protecting and working for? They clearly cannot be working for The Bahamian People.
But here again, in these budget revelations by the Minnis Government, is the stark departure from the statements on taxes prior its election to office more than one year ago. Mr. Minnis said this: “I don't believe in increasing taxes, I believe in decreasing taxes and increasing opportunities. Increasing taxes is a lazy way out. When you don't want to think, you just tax.” (The Nassau Guardian – December 12, 2016).
We at BP now ask the simple question: What forced the Government to depart from such an entrenched position on taxes?
We report yinner decide!
WASHINGTON DC: US President Donald Trump on Monday will unveil a controversial call for drug traffickers to face the death penalty as part of his plan to combat America's opioid epidemic — a move that appears to be as much about politics as policy.
The White House said the Republican leader will call for capital punishment for high-volume dealers “where appropriate under current law” during a speech in Manchester, New Hampshire — a state hard hit by the opioid crisis.
An estimated 2.4 million Americans are addicted to opioids, a class of drugs that include prescription painkillers, as well as heroin.
Trump's move is designed to support his tough-on-crime credentials, and he pledged to fix the crisis when he took office a year ago.
But so far, he has struggled to make headway on an epidemic that kills an estimated 115 Americans a day due to overdoses, according to the government-funded National Institutes of Health. Drug-related murder is already a capital offense in the United States, but no one has ever been executed using those rules.
Officials indicated there would be no attempt to change the law to make the death penalty mandatory for trafficking alone, a move that would well run afoul of Supreme Court rulings on proportional punishment.
In those rulings, the high court suggested that nothing other than murder can be considered a capital offense.
With Republicans at risk of losing control of Congress in legislative elections in November, Trump is keen to rally his base ahead of the polls behind a tough-sounding message.
A series of special elections have seen Republicans struggle to match the intensity of anti-Trump sentiment, with high turnout among Democrats delivering a series of shock victories.
Most polls show Trump's approval rating hovering around 40 percent, with supporters and opponents expressing intense feelings either way. This announcement is likely to be no different in terms of how the public reacts.
Around 55 percent of Americans are in favor of the death penalty for murder, the lowest levels in decades. Trump has previously mooted the “ultimate” punishment for drug dealers.
“Some countries have a very, very tough penalty – the ultimate penalty,” he said in March. “And, by the way, they have much less of a drug problem than we do. So we're going to have to be very strong on penalties.”
Trump has praised Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, whose war on drugs has led to the extra-judicial killings of alleged traffickers.
Philippines police say they have killed 4,100 drugs suspects as part of the campaign, while rights groups claim the real toll is around three times the number. The International Criminal Court is investigating the matter.
Experts say that the apparent link between low drug use and capital punishment in places like Singapore can be misleading.
Iran, they point out, also has the death penalty for drug use but still has one of the highest rates of opiate addiction in the world.
Many Democrats oppose the idea of executing drug dealers, and changing the law would require an act of Congress.
“We will not incarcerate or execute our way out of the opioid epidemic,” Democratic Senator Ed Markey said last week.
“Extreme proposals like using the death penalty only perpetuate a harmful stigma associated with opioid use disorders and divert attention from meaningful conversations and progress on expanding access to treatment, recovery, and other public health initiatives,” he said.
Trump is set to also announce measures to tackle “over-prescription, illicit drug supplies, and insufficient access to evidence-based treatment.”
By STEPHEN WHYNO, AP Hockey Writer
The hats were flying on the first two nights of the NHL season.
Connor McDavid, Alex Ovechkin, Wayne Simmonds and Brandon Saad each recorded a hat trick in his team's season opener. It's the first time four different players scored at least three goals in his season opener in 100 years, since the NHL's first two games back in 1917.
Ovechkin's hat trick that led the Washington Capitals to a 5-4 shootout victory at Ottawa was the 18th of his career, most among active players and tied for 20th-most all time. Reigning MVP McDavid picked up his second already at age 20.
The hat tricks by McDavid and Simmonds were the first, respectively, in franchise history for the Edmonton Oilers and Philadelphia Flyers in a season opener. Saad's hat trick in a 10-1 drubbing of the Stanley Cup champion Pittsburgh Penguins was the first by a Chicago Blackhawks player in a season opener since Hockey Hall of Famer Bobby Hull in 1965.
The four players who scored three-plus goals in the league's first-ever games — Joe Malone of the Montreal Canadiens, Harry Hyland of the Montreal Wanderers, Cy Denneny of the Ottawa Senators and Reg Noble of the Toronto Arenas — were all alive more than 100 years before McDavid was born.
___
Follow Hockey Writer Stephen Whyno on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/SWhyno
___
For more AP NHL coverage: https://apnews.com/tag/NHLhockey
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
In this Tuesday, March 13, 2018 photo, voters cast their ballots in Illinois primary elections at the city's new early voting super site in downtown Chicago. In Illinois, attempts by hackers in the summer of 2016 to alter voter registration information were ultimately unsuccessful, although voter data was viewed. (AP Photo/Kiichiro Sato)
In this Tuesday, March 13, 2018 photo, voters cast their ballots in Illinois primary elections at the city's new early voting super site in downtown Chicago. In Illinois, attempts by hackers in the summer of 2016 to alter voter registration information were ultimately unsuccessful, although voter data was viewed. (AP Photo/Kiichiro Sato)
SPRINGFIELD, Ill. (AP) - With the Illinois primary just days away, state election officials are beefing up cyber defenses and scanning for possible intrusions into voting systems and voter registration rolls.
They have good reason to be on guard: Two years ago, Illinois was the lone state known to have its state election system breached in a hacking effort that ultimately targeted 21 states. Hackers believe to be connected to Russia penetrated the state's voter rolls, viewing data on some 76,000 Illinois voters, although there is no indication any information was changed.
Since then, Illinois election officials have added firewalls, installed software designed to prevent intrusions and shifted staffing to focus on the threats. The state has been receiving regular cyber scans from the federal government to identify potential weak spots and has asked the U.S. Department of Homeland Security to conduct a comprehensive risk assessment. That assessment is scheduled but will not happen before Tuesday's second-in the-nation primary.
"It's not something where you ever feel completely safe," Matt Dietrich, spokesman for the Illinois State Board of Elections. "It's something where you feel like you're doing your best to protect against what could happen in a cyberattack."
Federal intelligence agencies determined that the attempted hacking of state elections systems in 2016 primarily targeted voter registration systems, not actual voting machines or vote tallying.
Gaining access to electronic voter rolls can do as much damage, giving hackers the ability to change names, addresses or polling places. Confusion, long lines and delays in reporting election results would follow, all of which undermines confidence in elections.
Cybersecurity experts say it's crucial for states to shore up vulnerabilities in those systems now, with this year's midterm elections underway and the 2020 presidential election on the horizon.
J. Alex Halderman, director of the University of Michigan's Center for Computer Security and Society, said many of the same weaknesses present in 2016 remain.
"I think it's only a matter of time before we suffer a devastating attack on our election systems unless our federal and state governments act quickly," he said.
The federal Help America Vote Act, passed two years after the messy presidential recount in Florida, requires states to have a centralized statewide voter registration list, but states vary in how they implement it.
Most collect voter data at the state level and then provide it to local election officials, according to the U.S. Election Assistance Commission. Illinois and five other states do the opposite, collecting voter registration data at the local level and sending it to the state elections office. A few others have a hybrid system.
The chief concern surrounding voter registration systems and the growing use of electronic poll books to check in voters at polling places is how they interact with other internet-connected systems.
Electronic poll books allow polling place workers to verify a person's registration and related information electronically, rather than having to rely on large paper files.
A downside is that the e-poll books might use a network to connect to a voter registration system, providing a potential opening for hackers.
In other cases, the voter data is transferred from a computer and placed on a device not connected to the internet. That computer is the potential weak link. Security experts said it must be secured and not subject to tampering.
Experts with The Belfer Center for Science and International Affairs at the Harvard Kennedy School said network-connected election systems are vulnerable to attacks and urged officials to take several steps to shore up security, including making sure the underlying server is not connected to the internet and that all changes are logged. Experts say a key component is that election systems can recover quickly in the event of an attack or even an equipment failure, limiting public disruption.
Larry Norden, an expert in elections technology with The Brennan Center for Justice at the NYU School of Law, said the network connections make voter registration systems more vulnerable to hacking than voting machines, which are not directly connected to the internet.
In many states, the department of motor vehicles or some other state agency provides information to the voter registration system as a way to keep the records current. Some states allow voters to register and edit their information on a state website that is connected to the voter database.
All of those provide possible access points that can open the door to hackers.
"Just understanding where the risks are is critical," Norden said.
___
Cassidy reported from Atlanta.
___
Follow Sarah Zimmerman at https://twitter.com/sarahzimm95 and Christina A. Cassidy at https://twitter.com/AP_Christina
We're going in blind
Filed under Opinion
Hang on for a minute...we're trying to find some more stories you might like.
Close
Email This Story
Send Email Cancel
A lawsuit filed against the Contra Costa Community College District intends to fight how its lawyers handle misconduct allegations against professors at each of its three campuses.
The United Faculty (UF), a union that represents tenured and part-time professors within the district, announced in November 2016 that it filed a suit challenging the nondisclosure of documents containing personal student information and allegations against professors who are under investigation for misconduct.
While there has not been a date set for a court appearance, the UF's decision to challenge the district is a resort that could finally bring clarity to a vague, misleading board policy.
According to the district's Human Resources Procedure 2070.01, “Academic Employee Discipline/Dismissal,” a tenured or part-time professor can only be dismissed or suspended if there is extensive documentation and evaluation of the misconduct or unsatisfactory performance.
The procedure does not explicitly state how the district should handle a professor's request to see the allegations, and according to the UF's lead negotiator, this fact has been exploited.
United Faculty Executive Director Jeffrey Michels said student confidentiality and attorney-client privilege clauses are the usual ostensible reasons district lawyers claim to leave union representatives, and the accused, in the dark during an investigation.
“We're not asking for investigations to be less vigorous,” Michels said. “But we are asking that teachers be treated more respectfully during these investigations.”
He said the UF filed the lawsuit after a series of meetings at the District Office in which professors who were accused of misconduct were not provided proper briefing or the accusations in writing prior to, during or after the investigations.
Lawyers at the District Office blindly use the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) whenever they want to restrict access to information.
But FERPA is misused by many and understood by few.
While it does restrict the district from disclosing personal information like name, address, transcripts, gender, race and age, it does not restrict providing the document with this information redacted.
And when the UF brought examples of court ruling precedents to the district's attention in November 2016, district lawyers refuted the case precedents.
Taking a dispute before a judge is a measure that Michels said the UF has not resorted to in almost 11 years.
While an investigation is ongoing, implementing transparency and fairness during disciplinary investigations for employees and students can only be beneficial.
Misconduct should be punished, but it must be a fair process that gives the UF the right to access sensitive case files with the names and personal information of the accusers redacted per FERPA mandate.
Furthermore, the board policy states disciplinary actions for classified managers, supervisors and classified staff are given the luxury of a letter with allegations from district Chancellor Fred Wood.
It goes to show that even in a diverse district that touts equality, some employees are more equal than others.
With the initial trends of the Lok Sabha bypoll results 2018 coming in, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) is leading on two seats in Maharashtra – Palghar and Bhandara-Gondia. The saffron party, which had campaigned relentlessly in Kairana in Uttar Pradesh, is trailing on the seat where it has fielded Mriganka Singh.
Tabassum Hasan of the Rashtriya Lok Dal (RLD), which has been backed by the Congress, the Samajwadi Party and the Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP), is leading on the Kairana Lok Sabha constituency.
Elections were necessitated in Kairana after the seat fell vacant in February following the death of BJP leader Hukum Singh. The BJP fielded Mriganka Singh, daughter of Singh, from the seat.
In Maharashtra's Palghar and Bhandara-Gondia seats, all four major parties - BJP, Shiv Sena, NCP, and Congress - left no stone unturned to woo the electorates in their favour during the campaign.
In Maharashtra, Palghar is a reserved seat, which was previously held by the BJP. The seat fell vacant after sitting BJP MP Chintaman Wanga died in January. Chintaman Wanga had been elected from the constituency thrice as a BJP member. However, after his death, his family joined hands with the Shiv Sena. Initially, the Shiv Sena was leader from the seat.
Bhandara-Gondia by-election was necessitated when BJP's sitting MP Nana Patole quit the party to join the Congress in December 2017.
CLICK HERE FOR LIVE UPDATES
Whether you are Kayaking, Beaching, Rafting, Boating, Hiking, Camping or Fishing, Earth Pak believes they have created the best dry bag on the market for any adventure. Toss in your gear, roll it down, and don't be afraid to toss this bag around. It's designed to last for years and will keep your phone, gadgets and gear dry and protected. It comes in 10L, 20L and 30L size, and all models feature 24-42 inch adjustable shoulder straps. Included is Earth Pak's IPX8 certified waterproof phone case that can fit even the largest phones, with simple snap and lock access and clear windows that allow for picture taking without removing from the case. This bag is currently discounted 47% from $45 down to just $24, and averages 5 out of 5 stars from over 670 customers (92% rates a full 5 stars -- read all recent reviews here).
This story, "47% off Earth Pak Waterproof Dry Bag Compression Sack And Phone Case - Deal Alert" was originally published by TechConnect.
A gunman this morning opened fire at a baseball field in Alexandria, Virginia, where Republican members of Congress were practicing, wounding U.S. Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana, the Associated Press and major news outlets reported.
The police chief in Alexandria, Virginia, has confirmed that five people were taken to hospitals. Responding officers were also wounded in the shooting, but U.S. Capitol Police said they are expected to survive.
President Donald Trump said the assailant, identified as James T. Hodgkinson, has died.
U.S. Sen. Jeff Flake, who was at the baseball practice, said the gunman had “a rifle of some sort” and “a lot of ammo.”
Flake said Scalise was playing second base at a congressional baseball practice when he was shot by a man standing off the third-base side of the field. He said Scalise dragged himself into the outfield to get farther away from the shooting.
U.S. Rep. Roger Williams of Texas said his aide, Zack Barth, was among those who were shot. He said Barth “is receiving medical attention but is doing well and is expected to make a full recovery.”
The CNN cited Flake as saying once the shooter was neutralized, he and U.S. Rep. Brad Wenstrup went out to where Scalise was lying to apply pressure to his wound and that Scalise was coherent the whole time.
U.S. Rep. Rodney Davis of Illinois credited U.S. Capitol Police officers on the scene, saying had they not been there, it “would have been a massacre.”
Davis was interviewed on CNN, still in his baseball t-shirt, with blood on his elbow and hand.
He said he and other members of Congress fled the dugout as shots were fired, took shelter behind cars and then ran to a nearby apartment building to call police.
He said never thought he'd go to a baseball practice and “have to dodge bullets.”
Police have not said whether the shooter was intentionally targeting members of Congress. But, Davis said, “I don't think it's a coincidence that no bullets were fired outside the baseball field.”
President Trump has spoken to Scalise's wife and chief of staff, and House Speaker Paul Ryan, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell and the chief of the Capitol Police.
McConnell said the entire Senate is “deeply saddened” over the shooting. In remarks on the Senate floor, he said the senators are concerned for the injured and “will keep them in our prayers” and send wishes for a full recovery.
McConnell expressed gratitude for the Capitol Police officers on the scene, as well as other first responders.
He noted that the baseball game is a bipartisan charity event and he encourages the Senate to “embrace that spirit today as we come together in expressing both our concern and our gratitude.”
The FBI and local law enforcement officials said they haven't identified a motive.
Sharp Electronics which recently caused the biggest stir in the market with its Sharp PN-H120, a 120” 4K2K Ultra HD Display is delighted to bring to the notice of the general public that they now accept 120″ tv special orders around the globe.
The PN-H120 is the world's largest commercial LCD display which boasts a 4K Ultra HD resolution showcasing detailed text and high-resolution content. Sharp's state of the art display is also equipped with direct LED backlight technology that provides uniform brightness across the entire display and delivers breathtaking images. The 120” Ultra HD Professional Display is designed for demanding commercial installations where a 24/7 operation is required while offering ultra-crisp, ultra-detail, ultra-large and ultra-bright (750 cd/m²) display.
If you are looking to convert your living room to a theater room without the need of installing projectors or combining multiple video wall screens, Sharp 120-inch screen display is the right for you. PN-H120 can deliver 120hz (refresh rate), it is best for monitoring and surveillance or even for gaming.
Sharp PN-H120 key Specs:
• 120 inches (304.8 cm diagonal)
• Full Array, White LED Backlight
• 3840×2160 (4K) Resolution
• 120 Hz Refresh Rate
• 750 cd/m² Max Brightness
• HDMI 1.4b x5
Sharp PN-H120 is now available for special order, if you are planning to buy one, you can drop an inquiry:
The concept of containerization, is an intermodal transportation process in which the goods are not unloaded or reloaded on to the containers from place to place. Containerization is also carried out by air, in order to transport goods from one region to another in a short period of time. The concept of containerization by air is adopted by the civil airlines as well as by the military forces.
Most of the major commercial airlines across the globe have deployed their cargo aircraft and some passenger aircraft also carry cargo goods. These airlines use custom made containers for their respective aircraft with ground handling equipment. The containers are carried on the lower deck for the passenger carrying aircraft while the cargo aircraft uses both lower and upper deck for carrying the containers.
The major factor driving the growth of the market for air cargo container is the rising demand for transportation of various goods across the globe in a short span of time. Containerization through roadways or railways or by sea takes a longer time than by air. Owing to this fact, the air cargo containerization has increased recently and is propelling the market for air cargo containers over the period. Moreover, advancement in technology has developed lightweight containers which can easily be loaded on to the aircraft. These lightweight containers are capable of carrying varied range of loads set by International Air Transport Association (IATA), and are capable of rough handling without damaging the internal goods. The benefits of the lightweight containers is boosting the air cargo container market.
The major inhibiting factor in the market for air cargo containers is the slowdown in the global economy. It has been noted the recently, the global economy has faced a slowdown due to GDP downfall in regions such as Asia Pacific, Latin America and Middle East. This has resulted negatively on the global container trade which includes, air cargo containers too. Another factor acting as a limitation to the air cargo container market is the increase in aviation fuel, which has led the airlines to restrict the cargo aircraft flying hours. This has resulted in decrease in container transportation through air and thus the market for air cargo container is hindered.
Get Brochure for Latest Advancements and Research Insights https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=22058
The air cargo container market has potential opportunities to grow in future as the number of commercial airlines is increasing at a rapid pace and the rising demand from the defense authorities to transport goods. More the number of commercial cargo aircraft, more the demand for air cargo container and thus the increasing number of cargo carriers in expected to drive the market for air cargo containers in the coming years. The demand for transporting military equipment from one place to another in short time, the military forces are using the air cargo containers. Hence, the growing demand among the defense authorities is anticipated to boost the air cargo containers market in future.
The market for air cargo containers is segmented on the basis of types of container, end user, aircraft type and by geography. On basis of container types, the air cargo containers market is segmented as refrigerated and non-refrigerated containers. The refrigerated containers include insulated LD3, LD4 while the non-refrigerated containers includes LD2. LD3, LD6, LD11, A-2 and others.
Download and View Report TOC, Figures and Tables https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=T&rep_id=22058
The different types of aircraft types in the air cargo container market are narrow body aircraft, wide body aircraft, very large aircraft, and military aircraft. The end user of air cargo containers are commercial airlines as well as the defense forces. Geographically, the market for air cargo containers is segmented as North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Middle East and Africa, and Latin America.
The major vendors in the air cargo containers market includes Nordisk Aviation Products (Norway), Zodiac Aerospace (France), VRR Aviation (Netherlands), Satco, Inc. (U.S.), Cargo Composites (U.S.), Granger Aerospace (U.S.), Chicago Metal Fabricators (U.S.), PalNet GmnH Air Cargo Products (Germany), ACL Airshop (U.S.). DoKaSch Temperature Solutions GmbH (Germany).
Former Yamaha franchisees Ron Earle and Lynne Davison have sold J and J Motorcycles and are looking forward to retirement after 18 years of working six days a week.
They officially handed the business over to new owners Rebecca and David Rainey on Monday, and Mr Earle said it was time to put his feet up.
“I'm old enough to retire, I'm 67 so it's time,” he said.
“Fifty-two years in the workforce is enough for me.
“It's just a change. We've had enough, we're worn out. It's like a routine now because we have just been doing the same thing for so long. The first thing is going to be catching up on work at home and doing all of those jobs that have been building up.”
Although the couple have owned the business for the past 18 years, Ms Davison has been working at the shop for 32 years since her parents bought it in 1986.
She said she had no regrets and was looking forward to the couple having some time to themselves exploring WA's remote pastoral stations.
“There are different characters out there and they are often brilliant but it's just time to pass the baton on to new blood,” she said.
“We just decided it was time and we wanted to go out and do some travelling and camping around the State.
“The highlight of it was getting to know the station people and that's what we want to do — go out and see them.”
As licensed dealers the couple had to be in the shop at all times and Mr Earle said in almost two decades of owning the business, it had been shut just a single day during regular trading hours.
“It's set us up and we will be self-funded retirees,” he said.
“I don't think we will get much of a pension.”
“We will retire to Kalgoorlie, we are not going anywhere else.”
Although they have sold the business, the couple still own the building and said they would be happy to sell it to the new owners once they had become established and could afford to buy it.
Mrs Rainey, who celebrated the birth of the couple's third child just two weeks ago, said they first considered buying the business when it was put on the market three years ago.
“At the time we had another business in Kalgoorlie and I was pregnant with our second child and it didn't eventuate,” she said.
“We sold the hair salon we had on Cassidy Street for seven years and once that was sold on this was still on the market (and) we decided to go for it.
“It's going to be tough and I guess that's why we don't want to make any huge changes because we want to know whatever changes we do make we can handle.”
Mr Rainey, who was a loyal customer at the shop he now owns, said the couple would be keeping the name which has become a brand. “The more we looked at other businesses, the more this one appealed,” he said.
“We want to continue that good sales and service.
“Motorbikes and Kalgoorlie — it is going to be pretty solid you would think.”
In late 2014, Susan Schlacter and her husband, Jed, both IT professionals, were discussing what to get each other for the holidays. “We really didn't need a thing,” recalled Susan, 62. Except, maybe, a more active lifestyle. “Over the winter, we're not able to get out and go biking and walking as aggressively as we like to,” she said, recalling their conversation. “So what can we do?”
The solution they hit upon was one that's become more common with busy people who want to get in better shape: They decided to hire a personal trainer to come to their home in Roslyn, starting in January 2015.
Robin Pemberton, the trainer they hired, was ready. “I usually pick up a few clients at the beginning of the year,” says Pemberton, who lives in Roslyn Heights and has been a personal trainer for 19 years. “They say ‘It's time. . . . I need to take more of an interest in my overall health.' ”
For busy trainers like Pemberton, an independent contractor who sees clients in their homes as well as at a local gym, D-Fine Fitness in Albertson, “time” is the operative word. “You have to work according to people's schedules,” says Pemberton, 55. “But that's what personal training is. It's geared to servicing your clients.”
Once a luxury for the privileged few, personal training is now mainstream: According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, there were 279,100 fitness trainers and instructors in the United States in 2014 — a number expected to increase by 23,400 over the next decade. Qualified trainers are those certified by one of a half-dozen reputable fitness organizations, ensuring that they're not — ahem — dumbbells, but rather, fitness professionals who can prescribe safe, effective exercise programs for all ages and abilities.
Pemberton, who is certified by the American Council on Exercise, brings expertise, experience and creativity to the job. Not to mention equipment. While some of her older, mostly North Shore clientele have extensive home gyms, many own just a few pieces of exercise equipment. She supplements that by bringing stability balls and kettlebells.
Trainers like Pemberton who travel to clients' homes — and there are hundreds on Long Island — do little advertising. “It's mostly word of mouth,” she says.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Still, business can come and go. A few years back, veteran trainer Bob Phillips, who lives in Melville, lost four longtime clients through a combination of factors — relocations, scheduling problems, medical issues. “That's a significant portion of my business,” says Phillips, now 54. While he was able to replace them, it shows the precarious nature of the business. “I think the rewards of what we do can be really great,” said Phillips. But “you don't have the stability or job security you have in other occupations.”
Also, not everyone is realistic about what a trainer can achieve. “Managing expectations by clients is one of the hardest things,” says Pete McCall, a master trainer and spokesman for the San Diego-based American Council on Exercise. “If you're not doing the other things to support your efforts in the gym . . . proper nutrition, sleep, and so forth . . . then you're not going to get results.”
Another problem for trainers is time off. They need to be available when their clients are — and that precludes long absences. “If you're the kind of person that wants to travel a lot, I'd say this might not be the best occupation,” says Phillips.
Reciprocal agreements to cover for each other during absences — as physicians do — are not unheard of in personal training. But, acknowledges McCall, “some trainers are a little fearful of it,” out of concern the client will prefer the substitute.
Often, the biggest challenge for experienced trainers isn't finding new clients; it's finding a time for them. “You only have one 10 o'clock on Monday morning,” Pemberton says. “Some people don't understand why they can't get that time, when I have a client of 10 years who has that slot already.”
Like most good trainers, Pemberton has proved herself a master of time management. Because a trainer's own training is important (who would hire someone out of shape to get them into shape?) she is usually up by 4 a.m., and out the door to the gym for her own workout by 5 a.m. She begins seeing clients around 6:30 a.m., works until 12:30 and on some days, comes back to train a few more clients in the late afternoon. That schedule, she said, “was great when my children were young, and still gives me a lot of flexibility.”
Flexibility was not something Susan Schlacter and her husband had when they first approached Pemberton about training them. They both work in the city, catch early trains and get home late. So what to do?
Pemberton offered this solution: She would train them back to back, 30 minutes each, at one of her few available time slots: 6 a.m. on Saturday morning. They took it, and two years on, Susan says she and Jed are stronger and fitter. “We both agree it was definitely a great gift,” she says. “In fact, we want to increase our sessions in the coming year.”
5W1H: Congress, BJP blame Mamata Banerjee over Panchayat Election in West Bengal
This is a segment of Zee News which brings to you the latest updates. Congress, BJP blame Mamata Banerjee over Panchayat Election in West Bengal. Watch this video for more information.
Now we know the explosions could strike anyone.
The latest bombing in the Texas capital was detonated by a tripwire along a residential street, police say.
The Sunday night blast was the fourth explosion in less than a month to terrify the nearly 1 million residents of Austin.
Here's what we know about the Austin bombings, and the questions that remain unanswered:
What we know
Two people have been killed: The first blast killed 39-year-old Anthony Stephan House on March 2.
The second blast came more than a week later, on the morning of March 12, killing 17-year-old Draylen Mason.
The third blast happened several hours later and critically injured a 75-year-old woman.
Those three blasts all happened after someone left explosives-laden packages on the victims' doorsteps.
Then, on Sunday night, the fourth bomb blew up and injured two men walking in a residential neighborhood.
The packages on doorsteps weren't mailed: Instead, they were hand-delivered and left on people's doorsteps, likely during overnight hours.
Those cardboard boxes looked mundane: The explosives came in "average-sized delivery boxes, not exceptionally large," Austin police Chief Brian Manley said.
What we don't know
What types of explosives were used: Police have not detailed what the explosive devices were made from, or what they looked like. Small bomb fragments strewn across wide areas have made the investigations challenging.
What triggered the first three devices: Some of the packages left on people's doorsteps exploded at different times after they were discovered.
In the second explosion, a package was brought into the kitchen and opened before it exploded and killed Draylen.
But in the third explosion, the device exploded immediately after the elderly woman picked up the package.
What the motive is: The two slain victims were both African-American, and the woman wounded in the third attack is Hispanic. Police have not determined if those attacks are hate crimes, but said it's a possibility because of the victims' ethnicities.
But Sunday evening's explosion took place in predominantly white neighborhood and injured two white men, police said. The fact that a tripwire set it off meant anyone walking by could have been maimed.
While the demographics of victims run the gamut, "We are clearly dealing with what we expect to be a serial bomber at this point," Manley said.
Who's behind the attacks: So far, no arrests have been made. Manley asked any neighbors with security camera footage to call police.
But the latest bomb using a tripwire could give clues about the assailant, the global think tank Stratfor Threat Lens said.
"The device's success, despite significantly different design, further suggests that the bomb maker behind these attacks is an accomplished one, and has likely to have received some training, perhaps as a military or police explosive ordnance disposal technician," Stratfor said.
WEST LAFAYETTE, Ind. (AP) — While power forward Caleb Swanigan grabs the majority of the attention with his 22 double-doubles during what has become a special sophomore season, No. 16 Purdue is at its best when 7-foot-2 junior center Isaac Haas is almost as — or more — productive.
Haas had 24 points and 11 rebounds Tuesday night, and Swanigan added 12 points and 17 rebounds in the Boilermakers' 74-55 victory over Rutgers.
Purdue (21-5, 10-3 Big Ten) led 45-39 with just over 12:30 remaining, but from the 11:15 mark until he left the game with 2:20 to play, Haas scored 16 points, and the Boilermakers pulled away for their fourth consecutive victory.
“I just kind of got into a rhythm,” said Haas, who scored a season-high 26 points in a Nov. 22 victory over Utah State in Mexico. “I was really trying to focus on rebounding, doing what I need to do for the team to win and accepting my role. It just kind of came to me tonight.”
Nigel Johnson scored 23 points to lead Rutgers (13-14, 2-12), which had no answer for Purdue's big men.
“They've got two great players,” Rutgers coach Steve Pikiell said. “What a luxury bringing (Haas) off the bench. They caused many problems, and they surround those guys with good shooters. I thought we did a decent job on Swanigan. Obviously, Haas was Swanigan tonight. They are a good basketball team that poses lots of problems for people.”
Boilermakers coach Matt Painter got what he was looking for from Haas during the final 20 minutes.
“His footwork was great,” Painter said. “He kept it simple. He got them down deep and used his post moves. He was the difference in the game in the second half. With Isaac, you try to keep him fresh, but when he plays like that, you don't want to take him out.”
Thanks to 28 from Haas and Swanigan, Purdue outrebounded Rutgers 45-28. Purdue shot 47.5 percent to 35.9 for the Scarlet Knights.
Purdue struggled with turnovers in the first half (8) and led 33-26 through 20 minutes when Johnson was 5 of 6 from the field, including 4 of 4 from 3-point range, for 14 points, but the Scarlet Knights missed a chance to pull closer when the rest of their roster was 5 of 22 from the field.
Haas had eight first-half points, and Dakota Mathias and Carsen Edwards each added six. The Boilermakers outrebounded the Scarlet Knights 23-10 in the first half.
BIG PICTURE
Rutgers: While Johnson and Corey Sanders comprise an impressive backcourt, the Scarlet Knights lack the frontcourt strength to compete with a physical team such as Purdue, which got 36 points and 28 rebounds from Haas and Swanigan.
Purdue: The Boilermakers are 7-1 since a Jan. 12 loss at Iowa and continue to impress with a blend of interior and perimeter offense, plus great man-to-man defense when they need it.
POLL IMPLICATIONS
Having won four in a row and seven of eight, Purdue would be positioned to rise in the next poll if it can beat Michigan State on Saturday in Mackey Arena.
MONSTERS IN MACKEY
Since losing on New Year's Day to Minnesota in overtime in Mackey Arena, Purdue has beaten Wisconsin, Illinois, Penn State, Northwestern and Rutgers on Keady Court by an average margin of 19.8 points. Now 6-1 at home in Big Ten play, the Boilermakers have Michigan State on Saturday and Indiana on Feb. 28 left at home.
UP NEXT
Rutgers: The Scarlet Knights travel to Northwestern on Saturday.
Purdue: The Boilermakers host Michigan State on Saturday.
___
More AP college basketball: www.collegebasketball.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_Top25.
Two women have recounted their horrific ordeal at the hands of a man armed with a knife.
Two women have recounted their horrific ordeal at the hands of a man armed with a knife.
Masked knife-wielding home intruder caught on CCTV in Seville Grove The West Australian
Police are on the hunt for an intruder who broke into a Seville Grove home early this morning armed with a machete and a hammer.
Two women said the man broke into their home through the back door and ransacked the house for around 40 minutes, while two children were sleeping.
“He told us, sit down, shut up, and show us where everything is,” one of the women said.
“He got very worked up because we didn't have what he wanted.”
The intruder made the women move from room to room as he went through their belongings.
It is believed the man stole a purse, $3000 cash, two watches, birth certificates and passports, before jumping the fence and leaving on a pushbike.
Anyone with information is asked to call Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000.
BATON ROUGE, La. (AP) - In Louisiana, a proposal to strengthen the law against bestiality is facing unexpected opposition from conservative lawmakers who see it as an underhanded move to strike the state's unconstitutional ban on sodomy.
Creating a new, wide-ranging anti-bestiality law would untangle the offense from the ban on sodomy in Louisiana's "crime against nature " statute, prompting some lawmakers to label the measure a sly chess move.
FILE -In this March 9, 2016 file photo, state Sen. J.P. Morrell, left, a Democrat who chairs the Senate tax committee, talks with a Senate staff member on the final day of the special legislative session on the budget and taxes in Baton Rouge, La. Morrell's effort to strengthen anti-bestiality laws is facing unlikely opposition from lawmakers who see it as an underhanded move to strike the state's unconstitutional ban on sodomy. Opponents say current law in Louisiana is fine. (AP Photo/Melinda Deslatte, File)
"This bill was written because the far left wants to undermine our other laws that protect family and traditional values that the people of Louisiana hold dear," said Sen. Ryan Gatti, a Republican who was one of 10 senators to vote against the bill.
"That was our concern, that it most likely will be used as a Trojan horse to delete the sodomy law," he said.
News about lawmakers voting against the measure that would expand the state's four-word bestiality law with requirements for mental evaluations and penalties for trafficking provoked confusion and mockery outside the Deep South state.
Six states have expanded laws on bestiality crimes in the past three years, according to Leighann Lassiter, director of animal cruelty policy at the Humane Society of the United States, which is advocating for the rewritten law. Three states, including Louisiana, have similar proposals working through their legislatures.
"This has been the first time we've seen one hint of opposition to these bills," she said. "It's quite surprising."
For Sen. J.P. Morrell, what has been frustrating is that opposition to his bill is rooted in fear that games are afoot to remove the state's unenforceable statute against "unnatural" sex in Louisiana.
"I don't know how to answer a conspiracy theory," he said. "There's no evidence that the bill does that. What you hear from people is that they don't trust me because I'm a Democrat from New Orleans."
Anti-sodomy laws in Louisiana and other states were invalidated in 2003 by the U.S. Supreme Court, which ruled that forbidding people of the same sex from certain sexual conduct violated the 14th Amendment. Despite that ruling, Louisiana's existing law remains on the books.
Morrell has not been shy about his distaste for regulation on what kind of sex is allowed between consenting adults in Louisiana, but he emphasized that he's not taking aim at that rule with this proposal.
He said the measure would modernize an inadequate Louisiana law that doesn't account for today's technology. He even urged fellow lawmakers to vote against an amendment that sought to strike the anti-sodomy law because it would ensure his bill's failure.
On the Senate floor, he offered a stern warning: "God forbid you vote against this bill - good luck explaining it."
His bill passed the Senate 25-10 and awaits debate in the House of Representatives. It's unclear how the measure will fare in the House because the leader of the Louisiana Family Forum, a Christian conservative organization with considerable sway in the chamber, has raised concerns about it.
"I think the provisions of his bill go way too far," said Gene Mills, president of the group.
The Humane Society's Lassiter said holes in the law haven't prevented district attorneys from prosecuting cases where people are having sex with an animal. Opponents to the Louisiana bill have said that's good reason to leave the state's law as is.
But the existence of online marketplaces for buying and selling animals for sex complicates matters when that act falls outside the law's boundaries, Lassiter said. Bringing animal cruelty charges is an option, though authorities often have to prove harm has been done, which isn't always clear in these cases.
If you want to bring back the Sonics…today is YOUR day!
Arena proposals and debates have really heated up over the past several weeks when it comes to bringing back the Sonics. If YOU would like to see the NBA makes its return to Seattle, this is your day to really let your voice be heard!
Full story HERE.
Odell Beckham Jr. left Giants practice early Thursday and did not return, sparking concern that his injured ankle might have taken a turn for the worse.
But on Friday morning, coach Ben McAdoo said all appears to be well with his star receiver in advance of Sunday's game against the Chargers at MetLife Stadium.
“We didn't know if it was a hamstring or cramping or what it was, but it seems to be cramping at this point,” McAdoo said.
Had the Giants practiced Friday per their usual schedule, which they did not, Beckham would have been limited because of his ankle and finger problems. But otherwise, he does not appear on the injury report, so he presumably will play Sunday.
Guard John Jerry turned up on the injury report as questionable with a hamstring issue that McAdoo said developed in practice Thursday.
Center Weston Richburg (concussion) and running back Paul Perkins (ribs) are listed as out. Defensive ends Jason Pierre-Paul (shoulder, knee), Olivier Vernon (ankle) and Avery Moss (shoulder) are questionable.
Pierre-Paul has expressed confidence that he will play, but McAdoo said he will be assessed at practice Saturday.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Regarding the Giants' 0-4 record and season on the brink, McAdoo said: “We've talked about [how] adversity introduces a man to himself, and that's where we find ourselves right now. It's a people game. It's a game of character. We've practiced well the last couple of weeks, better than the first couple of weeks.”
He said the Giants have focused on “doing simple better, simplifying things, playing faster, tackling better, blocking better, catching better, and we hope to cash in on that Sunday.”
In what way has practice been better the past two weeks?
“Attention to detail,” McAdoo said. “I think we've ramped up the effort, the accountability, players to coaches and coaches to players, holding each other accountable . . . The intensity has gone up for sure.”
PolitiFact is a liberal “fact checking” operation that serves the Democratic Party by pretending to be credible and non-partisan. To further its mission of providing unbiased “fact checking,” it hired former Florida representative Alan Grayson, perhaps the most despicable Congressman of modern times. It didn't end well:
PolitiFact announced it hired former politician Alan Grayson to critique its work in an effort to improve trust and credibility on Thursday…but that decision lasted about three seconds. “It has become clear our choice of Alan Grayson did not meet that threshold to many,” PolitiFact executive director Aaron Sharockman tweeted on Thursday after the initial tweet that he was hired received an onslaught of criticism from respected media members.
***
“A fact-checking outfit hiring Alan Grayson is like a church hiring Charlie Sheen to run their youth group,” National Review columnist Dan McLaughlin tweeted. Politico's Jake Sherman asked, “Is this a joke?”
***
The liberal firebrand once said the GOP health plan was to hope people die quickly. Former U.S. Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid called for him to drop out of a Senate race in 2016 when the New York Times reported that Grayson promoted his international travels, some with congressional delegations, to solicit business for a hedge fund he controlled. “His actions aren't just disgraceful to the Democratic Party, they disgrace the halls of Congress,” Reid said at the time.
If Harry Reid thinks you're a disgrace, you know you are in trouble. We have written about Grayson over the years, for example here, in a post titled “Greatest. Democrat. Ever.”
Of all the disgraceful members of the Democratic Party, hatemonger Alan Grayson, Congressman from Florida, may be the most despicable. On the positive side, however, he also provides a good deal of comic relief. Here is the latest on Grayson: A trial to determine whether U.S. Rep. Alan Grayson's wife committed bigamy when she wed the congressman has been delayed because she required emergency surgery to remove breast implants. A day in the life of Alan Grayson. A little more context: Lolita Grayson… Seriously, that's her name. …sued her husband for divorce last year after 24 years of marriage. But Alan Grayson says the marriage was invalid because she was never divorced from her first husband at the time of their union in 1990. ***
Last March, Lolita Grayson was granted a restraining order against the congressman after she said Alan Grayson pushed her against the front door of their home when he stopped by the house. ***
Grayson can thank his lucky stars he's a “progressive,” otherwise newspapers would publicize the fact that he is crazy.
That PolitiFact thought Alan Grayson was an appropriate person to pass judgment on the accuracy of statements by politicians like Donald Trump tells you everything you need to know.
But one more point is relevant: PolitiFact apparently set out to hire a Democrat and a Republican to join their “fact checking” team. The Democrat was Grayson; they are going back to the drawing board on that one. But the Republican was David Jolly, who, like Grayson, was briefly a Congressman from Florida.
What do we know about Mr. Jolly? His Wikipedia entry tells us:
Jolly has become a prominent Republican critic of U.S. President Donald Trump.
Of course he has! You see how this works? PolitiFact's main mission is to “fact check”–i.e., contest–anything that President Trump says. They know they have a credibility problem, since they have been convicted of liberal bias more times than anyone can count. So they seek to burnish their non-partisan credentials by adding a Democrat and a Republican to their team. The Democrat was the more or less insane hyper-partisan Alan Grayson, while the “Republican” was “a prominent…critic of U.S. President Donald Trump.” This is what PolitiFact calls objectivity: it employs both Democrat and “Republican” critics of Donald Trump.
PolitiFact has zero credibility, and replacing the egregious Mr. Grayson won't change that fact.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
It is easy to create a stage in the creative industry, but not many people who create a stage end up attracting multitudes.
Surely, excelling in the industry— which includes building a brand that earns the trust and support of the government, corporate world and the donor community— is a tall order.
But, as they say, good things start with a step and, through hard work, bring about success.
This is what brings us to the story of National Schools Youth Arts Festival (Nasfest).
Nasfest is a platform that was created eight years ago— driven by Light of Youth Creative Organisation (Lyco) under the leadership of James Kitchen.
For eight years, Nasfest has been on the ground holding different activities with a focus on the youth.
In its infancy, Nasfest could not manage to attract massive audiences and there were times that it had to play second fiddle to other annual gatherings such as the Association of Teaching of English in Malawi (Atem).
But it seems that the organisers of Nasfest knew where they were heading to and, according to Kitchen, their focus was on promoting youths.
“We remained faithful to our vision of a well informed, transformed and educated, creative and artistically empowered youths, as well as the preservation of culture,” Kitchen said.
He said their mission is to uphold arts and culture through research, training, exposure and performance as well as the creation of job opportunities and self employment for the youth.
Kitchen said Nasfest was introduced with the objective of creating a platform for youths from different art disciplines to perform or display their talents.
“We started on a very small scale and we have struggled to build the Nasfest brand. We are happy that patience has paid off. We still have more room for improvement and we are still pushing [doors],” Kitchen, who is Lyco's Executive Director, said.
He added:
“It will surprise the country and the world that Nasfest was formed in a strange way. I was coming from home, going down to Chipasula Secondary School Bus Stage in Lilongwe. By then I was staying at Kaliyeka. As I was walking, I heard a very powerful voice.”
Kitchen said the voice was persistent and yet there was nobody calling him.
“Actually, I continued walking and the voice came again informing me that I had the skills, talent and ability to help and assist fellow youths to improve and promote their artworks,” he said.
This happened for the whole day for Kitchen on July 17 2008 and, then, on August 8 he met the late Benard Kwilimbe, former deputy director of Culture to inform him of the issue.
“He encouraged me and advised me to pursue this dream and cultivate it,” he said.
And what followed was the launch of Nasfest on May 4 2009 at Chipasula Secondary School.
“I remember I had only five schools. Out of the five schools, three did well and we gave them cash as their awards using gate collections. I didn't have money or funding but I managed to host this small festival which impressed the late Kwilimbe,” Kitchen said.
Since then, Kitchen and team have been hosting Nasfest every year and, according to him, this has been done with or without money.
“Actually, some people used to discourage me, or even laugh at me, telling me in the face that I would not go far. Some wondered why I was organising a festival without proper funding but I was determined,” he said.
Kitchen said, since creating the festival, he had been using his own resources supported by the late Kwilimbe and board of trustees.
“It was actually a big challenge for schools to accept Nasfest since they only knew Atem. We could not even manage to attract funding from organisations until 2014 when my friend Elson Kambalu supported us for three years and then Shadreck Chikoti in 2017,” Kitchen said.
He said he was at pains to accept Kwilimbe's death last year.
“I wish the late Kwilimbe was here today to see the dream he nurtured from the beginning. We are going to honour him on Saturday (tomorrow),” Kitchen said.
He said, through the platform, he wants youths in Malawi, Southern Africa, Africa and the world to shine and showcase their talents.
Kitchen said that, every year, Nasfest brings a specific theme for talented young people in primary and secondary schools to compete and display their works. The youth also disseminate information through drama, poetry, visual arts, music and traditional dances.
“The festival runs at national level and it starts from divisional, regional and then national [level]. During the finals, we present awards,” Kitchen said.
This year, the festival has expanded and its finale will take place for two days at Kamuzu Institute for Sports and Bingu International Convention Centre in Lilongwe today and tomorrow, respectively.
The 2018 festival will run under the theme ‘Youth in Action to Eliminate Harmful Cultural Practices'.
“We are very grateful for the support we have received from Hivos Foundation through the Cultural Fund Malawi and Malawi Broadcasting Network Limited and other partners such as Music Crossroads Malawi and African Politics and Policy,” he said.
Kitchen said they have rebranded Nasfest.
“We want Nasfest to be a fully fledged Youth Arts Festival whereby youth from all artistic disciplines will have their own platforms to display their works. We also want to recognise and award youths who are working hard to uplift arts in Malawi,” the Lyco boss said.
Kitchen also said that, instead of giving prizes to a few school winners, Nasfest will this year award nine schools which made it to the national finals with resource centres.
He said the resource centres will include a computer set, internet access, TV decoder and assorted books.
“We are doing this after observing that there was need for [access to] Information Communication Technology (ICT) and internet [services] in schools. There is also need for books. When we were giving out cash prizes, there was no meaning and impact for the festival. So, we want all schools to benefit equally and be empowered,” Kitchen said.
The festival will see acts such as Lulu, Malinga Mafia, Raphael Sitima, Paphata Cultural Troupe, Joyce Banda Foundation, Chance for Change Dance, Phwezi Boys, Patwell Phiri, Tsabango CDSS, The Chosen One, St Patricks Seminary, Mtendere Cultural Troupe and Bangwe Day Secondary School performing today at Kamuzu Institute for Sports.
Sangie, Luckier Chikopa and Patience Namadingo will perform tomorrow at Bingu International Convention Centre.
“On Saturday (tomorrow), all youths and schools will meet at Kamuzu Institute for Sports for tree planting exercise and, after that, we will have a street carnival to Bingu International Convention Centre,” Kitchen said.
The nine schools that made it to the national finals are Lilongwe Girls, Likuni Boys and Tsabango in the Central Region, Joyce Banda Foundation, Zingwangwa and Bangwe from the Southern Region.
In the Northern Region, the representatives are Phwezi Boys, Lubinga and St Patrick's Seminary.
TOKYO (AP) — U.S. Vice President Mike Pence arrived in Japan for talks Tuesday expected to focus largely on trade with America's anchor ally in the region.
Concluding a visit to South Korea, Pence told business leaders in Seoul the administration is taking a fresh look at trade agreements as part of its “America First” policy.
“We're reviewing all of our trade agreements across the world to ensure that they benefit our economy as much as they benefit our trading partners,” Pence told the American Chamber of Commerce in Korea.
White House officials said the economic meetings in Tokyo, with Deputy Prime Minister Taro Aso and other officials, are meant to forge a framework for future discussions after the U.S. withdrew from a Pacific Rim trade pact.
Advertisement
They will serve as the kickoff to the U.S.-Japan economic dialogue that was announced by President Donald Trump and Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in February.
While Japan's trade surplus with the U.S. is much smaller than China's, Trump has decried the imbalance, especially in auto exports.
In Japan, they said Pence's two main goals are to spur increased U.S. access to Japanese markets and strengthen Japanese foreign investment.
Both sides said they do not expect the talks in Tokyo this week to delve into sector-by-sector talks on trade. With no U.S. Trade Representative yet in office and other key negotiator positions still unfilled, such nitty-gritty discussions will have to come later.
But the meetings could indicate how forcefully the U.S. will pressure Japan to further open its farm and automotive sectors.
Pence's advisers said the vice president would make the case to Abe and Aso that the U.S. rejection of the Trans-Pacific Partnership, or TPP, under Trump did not signal a U.S. withdrawal from trade and economic development in the region.
Before Pence's arrival, Aso told reporters the talks were meant to provide, “not friction, but cooperation.”
In preliminary meetings Tuesday, U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross sat down with Japan's trade minister, Hiroshige Seko.
Ross has said he hopes to soon begin talks on a free trade agreement with Japan.
The loss of U.S. participation in the TPP was a blow to Japan following strenuous negotiations, especially over opening access wider to its long-protected farm sector.
Chief Cabinet Secretary Yoshihide Suga told reporters over the weekend that Japan might push ahead with a revised, 11-nation version of the TPP despite the U.S. rejection of the trade accord.
As Indiana governor, Pence saw firsthand the impact of Japanese automakers Toyota, Honda and Subaru, whose factories employ thousands of people in his home state.
During his visit to South Korea, at the outset of his 10-day trip to Asia, Pence's attention mostly was directed at the North Korean situation.
While inspecting the Demilitarized Zone between North and South Korea, Pence warned Pyongyang that after years of testing the U.S. and South Korea with its nuclear ambitions, “the era of strategic patience is over.”
Suga, the Japanese government spokesman, said Japan hopes to discuss policies on North Korea with Pence and to convey a growing sense of urgency over its missile tests and other actions.
___
Associated Press writer Mari Yamaguchi in Tokyo contributed to this report.
Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure star Alex Winter has spoken about how filming the cult ‘80s movies helped him come to terms with his childhood sexual abuse.
Winter, 52, says he was sexually abused as a child actor “in the 1970s” by a man who is now dead, and that he later suffered from Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) as a consequence.
Speaking to BBC Radio 5 in his first broadcast interview about his childhood trauma, the actor – who began his career doing TV commercials and theater in St. Louis, before appearing on Broadway aged 12 – describes the experience of working alongside co-star Keanu Reeves in 1989's Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure as “seminal” in his recovery from the trauma.
“I came out of film school and I was really beginning to do a lot of this therapy work. A lot of things were really colliding in my head at that time,” Winter told BBC radio presenter Adrian Chiles, Friday.
RELATED: Why Anthony Rapp Revealed Kevin Spacey's Alleged Sexual Advances: ‘I Wanted to Shine a Light'
“For me personally, in terms of the experience, it was an opportunity to just be childlike and play, and innocent and sweet, and it was really, really helpful for me mentally.”
Thanks to the fun and family environment created by the Bill & Ted crew, Winter said he was able to address his trauma for the first time.
“I didn't realize it, but it was very important,” he added. “I was in a pretty dark place around that time because I had just been going and going and going, and I hadn't stopped. You know, I just barreled through the rest of those shows [he first appeared on Broadway in a production of The King & me, opposite Yul Brynner], I barreled through college. I just hadn't really paused and that's a recipe for disaster if you're carrying that kind of trauma. So, it was an opportunity to pause and just be some place safe and sweet and fun and childlike.”
Winter didn't go public at the time about the alleged abuse, he said, because “there is a power dynamic that does put you in position where you're afraid for your own safety. So there's that, on top of the taboo nature of being public.”
RELATED: Kevin Spacey Allegedly Showed Teen Porn & Groped a Journalist in New Claims Against Him
He explained that he had the “lightbulb” moment of coming forward with his story when similar stories began to emerge in Hollywood in recent months. “I was absolutely flummoxed,” Winter said.
Since filming Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure and its 1991 sequel Bill & Ted's Bogus Journey, Winter has continued to act, while also working as a producer and director. He's also set to return the slacker franchise in the recently announced third installment, Bill & Ted Face the Music.
“The idea of revisiting them in middle age is really, there is a sweetness to that,” Winter said. “The world of Bill & Ted is a very sweet and fun place to run around in.”
MANCHESTER, N.H. (AP) - Police in New Hampshire found an array of drugs in an apartment during an investigation into the death of a 20-month-old child.
Police say two people have been charged with drug possession after Wednesday's discovery.
Authorities in Manchester say the toddler died on May 25, and they executed a search warrant that day as part of the death investigation.
Thirty-one-year-old Joshua Garvey and 33-year-old Christen Gelinas were each charged with possession of controlled drugs with intent to distribute. Police say they found heroin, cocaine, crack and suboxone that had an estimated street value of over $5,400. Garvey also faces bail violation charges.
Gelinas and Garvey faced arraignment Wednesday. It wasn't immediately known if they had lawyers.
There were no details on their relationship to the toddler or the child's identity.
Automotive Fuel Delivery Market 2018
Automotive Fuel Delivery Market Share, Size, Trends, And Business Opportunity Analysis Report 2018 include historic data, with forecast data to 2022. Automotive Fuel Delivery Market report is helpful for future strategy development, and to know about Market Drivers, Restraints, Opportunities, And Global market size, share, Growth, Trends, key players forecast to 2022
Global Automotive Fuel Delivery Market by Component (Fuel Pump, Fuel Injector, Fuel Pressure regulator, Fuel Filter, Fuel Rail, Air control Valve, Throttle position sensor) by Fuel type (Gasoline, Diesel and Alternative fuels), by Vehicle (LCV, HCV, Passenger and Hybrid), and by Region (North America, Asia-Oceania, Europe, Middle-East & Africa, South America).
Request for Sample Report@ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/2193
Market Synopsis of Global Automotive Fuel Delivery System
The function of the fuel delivery system is to supply and store fuel to the engine. The Automotive fuel delivery system comprises of many essential components which aid in proper fuel delivery and smooth functioning of engine.
The major factors driving the market includes increase in the production of passenger and commercial vehicles, demand for efficient fuel delivery system and need for the alternative fuels such as LPG,CNG etc. In addition, increased life span of vehicles has also fueled the growth of the market. However, Increase emphasis on the usage of electric vehicles is the major constraint to the market growth.
The global automotive fuel delivery system market is poised to grow at 5% CAGR.
Key Players
Continental AG, Robert Bosch GmbH, Delphi Automotive Plc, Magneti Marelli, Denso Corporation, Infineon Technologies AG, TI Automotive INC, NGK Spark Plug Co. Ltd, UCAL Fuel Systems, Toyoda Gosei are some of the leading players operating in this market.
Regional Analysis of Global Automotive Fuel Delivery System Market
Asia-Oceania dominates the global automotive fuel delivery system market due to factors such as presence of global automobile original equipment manufacturers (OEM's) and even various mid-level companies are planning to expand their hubs in the region. North America is expected to be the fastest growing market during the forecast period. The sophisticated manufacturing hubs and market in terms of technology is expected to drive the market in the region.
The report for The Global Automotive Fuel Delivery Systems Market of Market Research Future comprises of extensive primary research along with the detailed analysis of qualitative as well as quantitative aspects by various industry experts, key opinion leaders to gain the deeper insight of the market and industry performance. The report gives the clear picture of current market scenario which includes historical and projected market size in terms of value and volume, technological advancement, macro economical and governing factors in the market. The report provides details information and strategies of the top key players in the industry. The report also gives a broad study of the different market segments and regions.
Complete Report Details@ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/automotive-fuel-delivery-system-market-2193
Table of Contents
Executive Summary 2. Research Methodology 2.1. Scope Of The Study 2.1.1. Definition 2.1.2. Research Objective 2.1.3. Assumptions 2.1.4. Limitations
2.2. Research Process 2.2.1. Primary Research 2.2.2. Secondary Research 2.3. Market Size Estimation 2.4. Forecast Model 3. Market Dynamics 3.1. Market Drivers 3.2. Market Inhibitors 3.3. Supply/Value Chain Analysis Or Market Ecosystem 3.4. Porter's Five Forces Analysis 4. Global Automotive Fuel Delivery Systems Market, By Component 4.1. Introduction 4.2. Fuel Pump 4.3. Fuel Injector 4.4. Fuel Pressure Regulator 4.5. Fuel Filter 4.6. Fuel Rail 4.7. Air Control Valve 4.8. Throttle Position Valve 5. Global Automotive Fuel Delivery Systems Market, By Fuel 5.1. Introduction 5.2. Gasoline 5.3. Diesel 5.4. Alternative Fuel
…….Continued
About Us:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR) and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have the prime objective to provide optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies depending on products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments enables our clients to know more consequently do more, which gives them answer for their each and every important question. In order to stay updated with technology and work process of the industry
CONTACT US:
Market Research Future
Office No. 528, Amanora Chambers
Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar,
Pune – 411028
Maharashtra, India
+1 646 845 9312
sales@marketresearchfuture.com
Godrej Golf Link Villas in Greater Noida Apartments , a pre hits the bolster running duty in Sector 106 Gurgaon. It has designed world-class 2BHK, 3BHK, and 4BHK right furnished units adjoining Dwarka Expressway. Godrej Properties is a well-recognized developer which is experienced for its high-rise residential projects and trust.
Godrej Golf Link Villas in Greater Noida Flats is endowment luxurious facilities and amenities to cope more palatial and trivial society to the residents. The function features difficult to believe residential flats in en masse manner of sizes. Here, for the most part of your needs will be satisfied on the what it for the most part virtually of your needs and you will merit complete peace here. It is the excellent back forty for you and your family. Here, the pricing will be starting at Rs. 1.40 Cr. for 3BHK units. The business is located during Dwarka Expressway which is doubtless easy to access. Godrej Golf Link Residential Flats is an ultra-luxurious residential society by Godrej Properties and it will feature penthouses with modern specifications in Dwarka Expressway, Sector 106 Gurgaon.
The master bill of Godrej Reflections proposes discipline blend of point you need by all of modern features in all the well-designed apartments of
Godrej Golf Link Villas in Greater Noida Detail in advanced lifestyle in aside inch of its landmark. Trust is a well known of the hobby factors in trustworthy estate mom-and-pop store for plot seekers. When world-class action projects are implemented in the market erstwhile, Godrej Properties has gained full trust of the residents. This beautiful launch undertaking has been blown up by world-class architects to shake world-class residences by all of best-in-class heart materials and lavish blueprint.
In this business, such of the exceptional features is having impulsive lake in the proximity. You can vow the serene and enjoyable view by all evening coffee. It is positioned completely the snug as a bug in a rug surrounding by the whole of city's skyline. It has world-class apartments to give all one got you the acknowledgment of stunner home.
In this mega concrete jungle, there are a complete of everything who are inappropriate there eye to eye for action home. Being a gaping and at the cutting edge city of India, part of all around town builders are endowment thousands of projects based on hard data in rare areas around by commonly told of at variance specifications. After doing a lot of recognize, Godrej Properties has beat the living daylights out of forward by the whole of a world-class function voiced as
Godrej Golf Link Villas in Greater Noida Flats. It is a world-class property to what dwelling you bouncecel really win the true the way one sees it of your fix and a protection which cut uphold grant fastidious satisfaction to your mind.
We,SRK Residency PVT. LTD. are the authorized channel partner of Godrej Properties Call & Visit us for the best Deal for our Valuable Clients for Completing of getting your dream home. We are the fastest growing company in providing home solutions. We completely understand your home requirements. Better and valuing your time, we are keen to provide you door steps solutions for all your needs. SRK was formed with the only purpose of offering best-in-class real estate solutions to our valued buyers.
Kindly visit www.srkresidency.com
To get the complete Location and price detail of dream house in this project , Kindly
Contact us @ +91-9810047296, +91-9810009987, (UK)442035145468, (USA)+16466264218
We http://www.srkresidency.com deals in Apartments for completing your Dream Homes.
For best offer, Kindly Visit the website for getting apartments
http://godrejs-elements.com | http://godrejmeridien-gurgaon.com | http://godrejbellaryroad.srkresidency.com | www.srkresidency.com/godrej-golf-links-luxury-villas-in-greater-noida | http://www.srkresidency.com/godrej-origins-vikhroli-trees-godrej/
Godrej Elements Hinjawadi in Pune |
Godrej Meridien in Gurgaon |
Godrej Bellery Road in bangalore |
Godrej Golf Link Villas in Greater Noida | Godrej Origins Vikhroli in Mumbai
Booking Starts for best affordable home Now. Call us at +919810047296
MIDDLETOWN, Conn. (WTNH) – A Middletown man has been arrested after he stabbed two of his neighbors on Easter Sunday.
Middletown Police have charged 62-year-old Kevin Gerard Foster with assault 1st.
Police say they were called to 500 Washington Street, unit 32, just after 3:30 p.m. on the report of two people stabbed and were made aware that the suspect was in unit 29. Officers found a female and male with stab wounds to their stomachs and the male victim also had a stab wound to the upper left chest.
Both victims told police they were stabbed by their next door neighbor. Police then found Foster in unit 29 holding a knife which he dropped without incident. He also made unsolicited comments implicating himself in the crime.
Witnesses told police that Foster and the male victim had been arguing over allegations that Foster was looking into the windows of the female victim at unit 32. Foster then left and the victims went outside to use the phone and then returned inside, at which time they were stabbed by Foster.
Foster told police that the male victim kicked him so he stabbed him and then the female came at him with a hammer type instrument and he was able to block her from striking him but then he stabbed her too.
× Nude Butts, Crime Confessions and Bullying: What Facebook Won't Let You Post
MENLO PARK, Ca. — Facebook clarified exactly what you're not allowed to post, and the list is super-long and specific.
The company's 7,500 content moderators use Facebook's new 27-page content guidelines list when deciding what's acceptable content on the platform — and what should be taken down. It includes obvious bans like copyright and trademark infringement, credible threats of violence, and sexual exploitation. But it also sheds new light on how Facebook regulates “gray area” posts.
For instance, you're not allowed to post hate speech … unless you're raising awareness about it. Facebook clarified that the onus is on users to make their intentions clear when sharing content.
Here is some of the content Facebook says isn't allowed on its platform.
Nude pictures of children — even when posted by parents
“We know that sometimes people share nude images of their own children with good intentions; however, we generally remove these images because of the potential for abuse by others and to help avoid the possibility of other people reusing or misappropriating the images.”
Facebook also says once a child outgrows the “toddler-age” uncovered female nipples in photos aren't allowed.
Most, but not all, female nipples are banned
“For example, while we restrict some images of female breasts that include the nipple, we allow other images, including those depicting acts of protest, women actively engaged in breast-feeding, and photos of post-mastectomy scarring.”
The company also advises users not to share content that shows “squeezing naked female breast except in breastfeeding context.”
Claiming that a victim of a tragedy is actually a liar, or being paid to lie
It's considered a form of harassment, according to Facebook's guidelines.
“Claims that a victim of a violent tragedy is lying about being a victim, acting/pretending to be a victim of a verified event, or otherwise is paid or employed to mislead people about their role in the event when sent directly to a survivor and/or immediate family member of a survivor or victim.”
Confessions of crimes
Facebook isn't a place to come clean about crimes ranging from theft to sexual assault on the platform.
“We do, however, allow people to debate or advocate for the legality of criminal activities, as well as address them in a rhetorical or satirical way.”
Seeking to buy, or sell, marijuana and other drugs
People cannot sell or buy marijuana, or pharmaceutical drugs on the platform. That includes stating interest in buy — or asking if anyone is selling or trading the item.
When it comes to gun sales, Facebook does allow certain companies to sell firearms or firearm parts — but it restricts visibility to adults 21 or over.
Being insensitive
Targeting someone's vulnerabilities could get your posts removed on Facebook.
The company advises not to post content that depicts real people and “mocks their implied or actual serious physical injuries, disease, or disability, non- consensual sexual touching, or premature death.”
No nude butts, unless…
According to its guidelines “visible anus and/or fully nude close-ups of buttocks” aren't allowed on the platform “unless photoshopped on a public figure.”
Calls for violence due to the outcome of election
Under a section about credible violence, Facebook explicitly states that “any content containing statements of intent, calls for action, or advocating for violence due to the outcome of an election,” is not permitted on the platform.
You are encouraged to leave relevant comments but engaging in personal attacks, threats, online bullying or commercial spam will not be allowed. All comments should remain within the bounds of fair play and civility. (You can disagree with others courteously, without being disagreeable.) Feel free to express yourself but keep an open mind toward finding value in what others say. To report abuse or spam, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box.
Comments
HARTFORD, Conn. (AP) — Gina McCarthy, the former administrator of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, is reuniting with her old colleagues in Connecticut to work on clean energy issues.
Gov. Dannel P. Malloy announced Monday that he is appointing McCarthy to serve as a member of the Connecticut Green Bank's board of directors. The quasi-public entity is charged with developing programs to finance and support investment in green energy for residential, municipal, small business and large commercial projects.
McCarthy previously served as commissioner of the Connecticut Department of Environmental Protection under former Gov. M. Jodi Rell. The agency is now called the Department of Energy and Environmental Protection.
A Boston native, McCarthy held numerous positions in Massachusetts state government, culminating as deputy secretary at the Massachusetts Office of Commonwealth Development until 2004.
New Delhi: India's heavy loss to Australia in the recent Women's ODI Championship fixture has prompted the BCCI to expedite the process of strengthening the bench strength of the national team.
After streamlining the domestic structure and introducing India A tour, the selectors have been asked to handpick a pool of pacers, spinners and wicketkeepers and test them in a camp at the National Cricket Academy beginning later this month.
The likes of Mithali Raj and Jhulan Goswami are not going to be around for long and the board feels that it is time to act now. Lead pacer Jhulan was not fit to play against Australia and that hurt the team which was blanked 0-3 in the series.
The women's committee -- comprising COA member Diana Edulji, Mithali (ODI captain), Harmanpreet Kaur (T20 captain), Hemlata Kala (selection committee chief) and Prof. Ratnakar Shetty (convenor) -- will meet on March 28 to review the team's disappointing performance against Australia and discuss the way forward. "There is a definite need for more quality pace bowlers and spinners. The Australia series showed us that. They played our spinners rather easily while our team struggled against theirs. We also need more firepower in the batting department," Edulji, who is also a former India captain, told PTI.
More consistency is also expected from established names like Harmanpreet and opener Smriti Mandhana. Looking ahead, the board is planning to scout for talent from all parts of the country including the North East.
"The recent tweaks in the domestic structure, including the introduction of the U-16 category, will take a while to take shape. But there is still a need to find the right available talent from all parts of India including North East, an area which has not been explored much," Edulji said.
The popularity of the women's game has shot up ever since India played in the World Cup final in England last year. The female cricketers finally have money and fame coming their way after years of neglect.
"Since they have all the facilities now, they must perform consistently. That is the only way to keep the interest in women's cricket alive," summed up Edulji. Going forward, India not playing regular international matches won't be an issue anymore with a majority of teams willing to play the sub-continental side outside the ongoing ICC ODI Championship.
The team's next challenge is the home T20 tri-series involving England and Australia, beginning Thursday in Mumbai.
If you haven't been downtown since work ended Friday, the streets might look at little different than you're used to.
And it's not a glitch in the Matrix.
It's the permanent installation of 18 large-scale scupltures, part of the Flying Objects public art series by the Salt Lake City Art Program in partnership with the Redevelopment Agency of Salt Lake City.
The new works replace temporary pieces, known as Flying Objects 4.0, that were installed in 2014. That rotation was the fourth incarnation of the series, which first began in 2005 when downtown was under construction during the City Creek Center development and was designed to "add color, shape, interest, whimsy and vitality to the streetscape," according to release from Department of Economic Development.
Related
Newsletter
Comments
You are encouraged to leave relevant comments but engaging in personal attacks, threats, online bullying or commercial spam will not be allowed. All comments should remain within the bounds of fair play and civility. (You can disagree with others courteously, without being disagreeable.) Feel free to express yourself but keep an open mind toward finding value in what others say. To report abuse or spam, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box.
Trump Blasts Jay-Z For 'Filthy' Language The president took some shots at the Brooklyn rapper while at a rally in Tennessee. Trump talked about the curse words that Jay-Z used when he performed at Clinton‘s campaign rally on Nov. 4, 2016. His language was so filthy that it made me like the most clean-cut human being on earth. He‘d stand up before those crowds and he‘d use the f-word, and Hillary would sit back 'I‘m in trouble, I‘m in trouble, oy, please don‘t have him use that kind of language anymore.‘ And then he‘d finish and everyone would leave, and she‘d be standing up making a speech to 400 people. Trump went on to say that he draws much bigger crowds without using any musical instruments.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Already dreaming of your summer holiday?
Maybe you've already picked out a sandy beach or are just spending way too much time at work (we won't tell!) scrolling through exotic destinations.
Well now you have another option.
Stansted Airport has just announced direct flights to Washington Dulles International Airport in the USA.
Starting this summer, you'll be able to fly out to the airport, which is just 26 miles from Washington DC.
The route launches on Wednesday, August 22 and prices start from £199.
Primera Air will run five flights a week.
The airport itself is located in Chantilly, Virginia.
As well as offering direct flights that will take you close to the heart of America's capital, this is a prime, cost effective destination to fly to before transferring to flights heading elsewhere in the States.
Ken O'Toole, CEO of London Stansted, said: "We've already seen a very positive response from passengers to Primera's previous announcement of new services to New York, Boston and Toronto, and the addition of Washington will provide even more choice and connectivity to the east coast of the USA.
"The announcement of Washington Dulles Airport joining Primera Air's existing long-haul schedule, as well as the increased frequency to Toronto, is a real vote of confidence in Stansted and of the demand for long haul flights to and from London and the East of England.
"We have made clear our ambition is to provide more services to the USA and add routes to China and India, so this is another step towards that goal. We look forward to the launch of these exciting new services in the coming months".
Gallup conducts an annual poll on American patriotism. Participants are asked how proud, if at all, they are to be Americans.
This year's poll found a low ebb in patriotism, with 47 percent of Americans checking the “extremely proud” box. That's down from a high of 70 percent in 2003.
Democrats, liberals, college graduates, and people ages 18 to 29 are the least proud to be American. Only 32 percent of Democrats are extremely proud. That's down from 42 percent in 2016, when Barack Obama was still president. But note that the 42 percent figure from back then is well below the national average even today, when it's at a low-point.
Democrats just aren't that into America.
Self-described liberals are even less so. Only 23 percent of them are extremely proud to be American. At the end of the Obama-era, the number was 36 percent.
Republicans, by contrast, are extremely proud of America regardless of which party is in control. 71 percent of us were extremely proud to be American in 2013, when Obama was president and Democrats controlled the Senate. That figure was basically unchanged in 2017, though it has ticked up to 74 percent this year.
You can make the case that the single most important difference between Republicans and Democrats/conservatives and liberals is that Republicans are extremely proud of America, period, while Democrats are somewhat proud when they're in power and not very proud when they're not.
College grads have more pride in their country than Democrats and liberals do, but considerably less than Americans as a whole. 39 percent of them say they are extremely proud to be American.
Given the heavy dose of harsh criticism of our country, and in some cases raw anti-Americanism, students are fed during their undergraduate years, it's perhaps surprising that the number who are extremely proud of their country is as high as 39 percent.
It's lower for Americans in the 18-29 age bracket. The figure for this cohort is just 33 percent.
That group consists of recent college graduates from, current college students, and non-college grads. The young graduates and current students are, by most accounts, receiving stronger indoctrination than was inflicted even in the 1990s and the first decade of this century. And nowadays, the drumbeat begins before the college years.
One hopes that, as they mature, those currently under age-30 will become prouder of America and that their pride won't be highly contingent on who occupies the White House. If this doesn't happen, America's future probably won't be bright.
Happy Fourth of July.
NOTE: While I was writing this, John put up an article about the same poll. I went ahead and posted this, though I'm not sure how much it adds.
Nanoparticles are particles between 1 and 100 nanometers (nm) in size, with a surrounding interfacial layer. There is need to accurately determine, characterize, and quantify the size of the nanoparticles in the suspension to achieve batch-to-batch uniformity and desired therapeutic effectiveness. Nanoparticle size analyzer is an instrument used for detection of diameter of nanoparticles. It has various applications in the pharmaceutical and biotech companies. Increase in the adoption of these instruments has been observed in last few decades owing to increase in research and development activities in nanoparticle based dosage form development and evolution of targeted drug delivery system. Various techniques are utilized to determine nanoparticle particle size. The selection of the method is dependent on type of sample to be analyzed, cost of the instrument, time required for the measurement, and the type of information generated by the instrument. The instrument can determine particle movement and calculate particle size by using Stokes Einstein relationship.
Obtain the Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=39482
Increase in R&D expenditure, surge in demand for novel drug delivery systems across the world, and rise in per capita health care spending are the factors boosting the growth of the global nanoparticle size measurement instruments market. Moreover, increase in prevalence of life threatening diseases such as cancer and diabetes, and cardiac arrest is expected to fuel demand for nanoparticle drug delivery systems, thereby propelling the global market. However, high cost of development of nanoparticle dosage forms, lack of skilled labor, and affordability of the instrument are the factors restraining the global nanoparticle size measurement instruments market.
The global nanoparticle size analysis instruments market can be segmented based on type of technique, end-user, and region. In terms of type of technique, the market can be categorized into X-ray diffraction (XRD), scanning electron microscopy (SEM), atomic force microscopy (AFM), photon correlation spectroscopy (PCS), nanoparticle surface area monitor (NSAM), transmission electron microscopy (TEM), condensation particle counter (CPC), differential mobility analyzer, scanning mobility particle sizer (SMPS), nanoparticle tracking analysis (NTA), aerosol time of flight mass spectroscopy, and aerosol particle mass analyzer (APM). Based on end-user, the global nanoparticle size measurement instruments market can be classified into pharmaceutical industry, biotechnology industry, and contract research organizations (CROs).
Request for Discount @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=D&rep_id=39482
Geographically, the global nanoparticle size analysis instruments market can be segmented into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Middle East & Africa. North America is projected to be a major market in terms of revenue owing to rapid advancements in nanotechnology along with continuous efforts by key players to develop novel products drive the market in the region. Additionally, increase in number of biotechnology start-ups and research facilities propels the market in the region. Europe is also expected to be a prominent market for nanoparticle size analysis instruments during the forecast period. A large number of players are headquartered in the region, which provides it an edge over the other regions. Moreover, rise in demand for nanoparticle size instrumentation contributes to the growth of the market in the region. Asia Pacific is likely to be an emerging market for nanoparticle size analysis instrumentation in life sciences. Launch of new and advanced instruments with enhanced accuracy is projected to fuel the growth of the market in the region. Moreover, developing health care infrastructure coupled with favorable government initiatives is anticipated to boost the growth of the nanoparticle size analysis instruments market in Asia Pacific.
Key players operating in the global nanoparticle size analysis instruments market includes HORIBA, Ltd., Shimadzu Corporation, Angstrom Advanced, Inc., HAVER & BOECKER OHG, Microtrac, Bruker, TSI, Hitachi, Ltd., Micromeritics Instrument Corporation, and Fluid Imaging Technologies.
Request for Report TOC @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=T&rep_id=39482
About Us
Transparency Market Research is a global market intelligence company, providing global business information reports and services. Our exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trends analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. Our experienced team of Analysts, Researchers, and Consultants, use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather, and analyze information.
Our data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts, so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With a broad research and analysis capability, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques in developing distinctive data sets and research material for business reports.
Contact Us
Transparency Market Research,
90 Sate Street, Suite 700,
Albany, NY 12207
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/
FIRST FLUSH OF SUCCESS: SCU research fellow Shane McIntosh tests samples in relation to the new project adding value to organic wastes on the Northern Rivers.
FIRST FLUSH OF SUCCESS: SCU research fellow Shane McIntosh tests samples in relation to the new project adding value to organic wastes on the Northern Rivers. Marc Stapelberg
IN THE future, going to the toilet in the Northern Rivers could mean more than just going to the toilet.
Instead of seeing human excrement as something to get rid of - which has long been the case in Australia - Southern Cross University and industry businesses are looking to turn it into something useful, and even profitable.
Dr Dirk Erler from the University's School of Environment, Science, and Engineering said the two-year project was to study ways of converting organic wastes into nutrients and energy, by applying techniques to dairy processing solids (the Australian dairy industry produces millions of litres of liquid organic wastes annually) and human waste in the Northern Rivers.
Dr Erler said the project's two major objectives were to convert local waste into products which could be sold for profit - such as energy and fertilisers, and to integrate undergraduate students into projects that were solving local issues in the science and engineering space.
"These technologies are not new around the world but there is very little happening in the North Coast and Australia in terms of conversion of organic waste...so it's unique for the area and for Australia," Dr Erler said.
New way to power your home: Project leader Dr Dirk Erler from the University's School of Environment, Science, and Engineering said the two-year project was to study ways of converting organic wastes into nutrients and energy, by applying techniques to dairy processing solids (the Australian dairy industry produces millions of litres of liquid organic wastes annually) and human waste in the Northern Rivers.
"Energy is a problem for everyone, costs are sky-rocketing and there's an opportunity here that we can convert theses organic wastes that have to go to landfill into actual energy that can be burnt and can produce electricity for the local plants."
He said as part of the project, pilot trials with Southern Cross Plant Science were looking at putting the products into the soil to see if it had agronomic benefits.
"The aim of the project is to apply these technologies on local wastes to see if they work, and then investigate ways of maximising energy and nutrient recapture," said Dr Erler.
Dr Terry Rose from Southern Cross Plant Science said the project was exploring if processed human excrement and dairy by-products had potential as fertilisers.
"At the moment farmers in the region spend significant amounts of money on fertilisers, where they should be getting it cheaply from the wastes being generated in other local industries," Dr Rose said.
The project has received $500,000 in funding from the federal government's Cooperative Research Centre for Contamination Assessment and Remediation of the Environment, and industry partners the Richmond Valley Council, NORCO, and Richmond Dairies have collectively contributed an additional $180,000 to the study.
Photos View Photo Gallery
Richmond Valley Council
Operations engineer Aidan Mcqueen said council were hoping to get savings on energy usage.
"We're hoping we will be able to save the energy costs of running a treatment plant and possibly powering domestic dwellings."
He said with a plant the size they were looking at they would hopefully supply power for around 100 homes.
NORCO
Factory manager at Norco Foods Lismore, Mark Harrison said it was about turning the waste stream, which currently goes to landfill, into a profit.
He said options of their waste by-products were to turn it into fertiliser to put back to land care, and also turn it into energy.
"To me it's all about sustainability in the dairy industry and manufacturing. We want to make sure we can value-add where we can."
Richmond Dairies
Chief financial officer Craig Kelly said the industry used "a lot of nutrient-heavy chemicals as part of the cleaning and hygiene systems" used at the plant.
"Those then end up in our waste streams. We generate an enormous amount of waste because the hygiene requirements in the food industry.
"We're primarily an exporting company therefore we have the high standards we have to deliver overseas.
"We want to be more efficient on how we use that waste stream, if we can recover the nutrients from it and beneficially reuse it then it's a huge benefit to us.
"Before we start doing anything on a commercial basis we have to prove the research."
By The Associated Press
NEW HAVEN, Conn. (AP) — Two men suspected of a carjacking in Connecticut were killed when the stolen car crashed into a synagogue following a police chase.
New Haven police say the two suspects claimed to have a handgun and took the victim's 2005 Toyota Highlander around 12:15 a.m. Monday. The victim was not injured.
A little more than an hour later an officer spotted the stolen car, called for backup, and began pursuing the suspects.
The stolen car crashed into the Congregation Beth El Keser Synagogue.
Advertisement
The suspects' names have not been released. New Haven police say the investigation has been turned over to the Connecticut State Police and the state's attorney's office.
Posted 1 day ago
Mombasa governor Hassan Joho shared a podium with his rival Nyali MP Hezron Awiti Saturday, in what could be a sign of unity between the two
Temple's Sean Chandler looking to prove himself to NFL teams
Temple's Sean Chandler looking to prove himself to NFL teams Apr 23
Sixers won't go the conservative route against the Heat in Game 5
Sixers won't go the conservative route against the Heat in Game 5 Apr 23
Marc Narducci has been covering sports for the Inquirer and Daily News since 1983. He has covered everything from South Jersey high schools to all the professional teams. Currently his main beat is Temple football and basketball. He also helps out on the pro beats and writes a weekly South Jersey high school column.
Temple's Jullian Taylor putting pressure on as Penn State QB Trace McSorley throws an incompletion last September.
Things have all come together in the football career of Temple defensive tackle Jullian Taylor and at the most opportune time, right before the NFL draft.
Taylor has capped his best football season with a strong offseason and now, as improbable as it seemed before the season, he will likely hear his name called during the three-day NFL draft, which begins Thursday.
Having missed nearly two full seasons after surgeries on his left knee, Taylor was healthy in his senior season and was at times dominant. The 6-foot-5, 294-pound Taylor wasn't invited to the NFL combine, he has caught the attention of teams.
Taylor has visited nine this offseason: the New York Jets, Tennessee, Atlanta, Seattle, Arizona, Oakland, Cleveland, Houston, and Green Bay. He has had several private workouts, including last week with the New England Patriots. Once considered a draft long shot, Taylor was projected to be a sixth-round pick by CBSSports.com. Not bad for someone who didn't play organized football until his senior year at Williamstown High in South Jersey.
“It feels really good and I feel all the work I have put in came to fruition, especially with all the injuries,” Taylor said last week by phone.
The injuries began when Taylor hurt his left knee in Temple's opening 27-10 win over Penn State in 2015. The next season, also against Penn State, Taylor suffered a season-ending injury, a torn anterior cruciate ligament in that same knee. Renowned surgeon James Andrews performed surgery, and Taylor was ready for the 2017 season.
Temple lost its opener last fall, 49-16, at Notre Dame, but Taylor said he gained confidence by going up against Notre Dame guard Quenton Nelson, the consensus the best offensive lineman in this year's draft.
“A lot of [NFL] people have brought up that Notre Dame game to me,” said Taylor, who has received his degree in communications.
Yet nothing could compare to his final regular-season home game. Temple lost, 45-19, to a Central Florida team that would finish the season 13-0, but the Knights simply couldn't block Taylor. He had 10 tackles and 4 1/2 tackles for loss.
“Everything definitely came together in that UCF game,” Taylor said. “I think I proved that I was a top prospect in that game.”
He then recorded a tackle for loss in his each of his final two games, wins over Tulsa and then FIU in the Bad Boy Mowers Gasparilla Bowl.
As a redshirt senior, Taylor appeared in 12 of Temple's 13 games and recorded 40 tackles and 10 tackles for loss.
The momentum continued in the offseason. During Temple's pro day in March, he ran the 40-yard dash in the 4.8-second range and bench-pressed 225 pounds 29 times.
“He has a lot of ability and has games where he really showed it,” said an NFL scout who requested anonymity. “There was not a lot of history before this season, but the Penn State game two years ago was good [before he got hurt] and there have been other encouraging signs.”
Taylor, who attended Mastery Charter School in Philadelphia before transferring to Williamstown for his senior year, said he decided to play football after getting cut in baseball and then basketball.
Because of the injuries, he played 20 games for Temple. He says the knee feels great and he is looking forward to finding out his next destination.
“I feel pretty good about the draft, especially talking to a lot of teams,” he said. “Knowing that they are interested, I can't wait for the day to come.”
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
StitcherAds, a global Facebook and Instagram Marketing Partner, announced ahead of the weekend its unified commerce solution that integrates retailers' point of sale data with Facebook's offline API and new ad formats for driving in-store purchases.
So how does it work?
“Through StitcherAds' new feature, which deconstructs the complex relationship between social media ads and brick-and-mortar buying behavior, retail marketers now have access to accurate, identity-based data on how Facebook and Instagram ads impact in-store revenue, allowing them to target offline purchases online,” an emailed statement reads.
A Gartner for Marketers report states that “advanced attribution and marketing mix modeling promise greater fidelity of spend analysis and optimization, but bring their own cost and additional complexity.”
Most retailers, the company says, lack in-house data scientists to break down this complexity, which creates a need for a partner like StitcherAds to process and report on in-store purchase data.
“Driving in-store traffic is no longer a television and print advertisers' game. Consumers live on their mobile devices, and we now have the technology to validate that the ads you see on your newsfeed are actually leading you into stores,” said Declan Kennedy, StitcherAds CEO. “This data opens up endless opportunities for retailers to build campaigns that convert across multiple channels. We're excited to be at the forefront of the unified commerce frontier and defining what it means for the future of retail marketing.”
Guwahati: Union Minister of State for Home and senior BJP leader Kiren Rijiju on Saturday said the BJP has entered into a seat-sharing agreement with the newly-floated National Democratic Peoples' Party (NDPP) ahead of the February 27 polls.
Rijiju, BJP in-charge for Nagaland elections, accompanied by NDPP supremo former Nagaland Chief Minister and Lok Sabha MP Neiphu Rio, said that while the NDPP will contest in 40 seats, the BJP will contest in 20 seats for the election to the 60-member Nagaland Legislative Assembly.
Rio had recently resigned from the NPF and floated the new regional political party, NDPP.
"I think the BJP and NDPP will be able to get an absolute majority in Nagaland in the forthcoming polls and form the next government in the state," said Rijiju, addressed a press conference at a hotel in Guwahati.
The BJP was a part of the Naga Peoples' Front (NPF)-led Democratic Alliance of Nagaland (DAN) government in Nagaland. The NPF which is the ruling party in Nagaland has also been a partner of the BJP-led National Democratic Alliance (NDA) since 2003.
"The NPF is not our enemy and BJP's relation with NPF is very old. However, we are not having an alliance with the NPF this time," said Rijiju when asked about the BJP's pact with the NPF.
"In the past BJP was just a junior party in Nagaland. However, as the BJP has become a major political force in Nagaland, the seat sharing agreement with NDPP became a necessity ahead of the polls," he said, adding that although the BJP initiated talks with the NPF earlier it, however, did not converge to seat-sharing level.
Asked about the stalemate in Nagaland due to the poll-boycott call given by the NSCN (I-M) and the Core Committee of Nagaland Tribal Hohos and Civil Organisations (CCNTHCO), the Union Minister of State for Home said that he has appealed to all the groups including the overground and underground organizations to cooperate as holding of election is a constitutional requirement.
"We have conveyed the message to all, including the NSCN (I-M) and other groups, not to vitiate the election atmosphere in the state ahead of the polls. The ceasefire ground rules must be maintained by all groups at any cost and any departure from the ceasefire will not lead to positive results," said Rijiju.
MENDOZA, Argentina — Argentina was forced into a late change for its Rugby Championship closer against Australia when midfield regular Jeronimo de la Fuente failed a fitness test on Friday, a day after hurting his left leg in training.
De La Fuente, who has started in every Pumas test this year, was replaced by backup Santiago Gonzalez Iglesias, who will on Saturday make his first start in almost a year.
Three-time Rugby World Cup back Juan Martin Hernandez came into the reserves for a match in which the Pumas are out to redeem themselves.
They are at risk of failing to earn a competition point for the first time since joining the competition in 2012.
The Pumas enjoyed one win in 2014, '15 and '16, against either Australia or South Africa, but have regressed this year with five heavy losses, none of them earning even a losing bonus point for being within seven points of the victor.
The Pumas pack has imposed itself only briefly, and the scrum was ruined last week by the All Blacks. The backline hasn't sparkled or threatened. And poor discipline has hurt them, highlighted by five yellow cards and one red.
Flanker Pablo Matera insists the Pumas have the right game plan.
"We are failing to carry out the game plan," Matera says. "The system is not failing, it is us players who are failing."
He adds the team is more angry than disappointed with its results and how it is playing.
The nature of the competition means the Pumas don't have time to be frustrated, he adds, but they also don't have time to fix all of their mistakes.
A woman has spoken of the moment she heard an "enormous explosion" as a helicopter crashed in North Yorkshire.
At 1.23pm today, officers received reports of the crash in a crop field at Aldborough near Boroughbridge.
Katie McCann, of London, who grew up in the village, said the crash took place behind Aldborough Hall.
She was in her mother's house when she heard what sounded like an "out of control plane or helicopter".
"The clouds are quite low here today and it's not great weather.
"Then I heard an enormous explosion."
Credit: Katie McCann.
The 53-year-old looked out the window and "black smoke was everywhere and I just flew out of the house because I thought it was an airplane".
A man with two boys was on the phone trying the direct emergency services, and Ms McCann helped.
"You couldn't see anything," she said. "There was so much smoke.
"[One man] said he had seen it. It was a red and white helicopter.
Credit: Katie McCann.
"He said it had climbed up into the cloud like it was trying to recover itself, and then dropped like a stone."
Pictures supplied by Ms McCann showed a Yorkshire Air Ambulance attending the scene afterward the crash.
"That arrived 10 minutes later," she said. "I couldn't believe how fast they arrived."
It also only took the first fire engine around three minutes to turn up, she added.
Locals had told her a helicopter landed in the nearby Boroughbridge area at around 8.30am this morning.
Officers have cordoned off the area and are currently conducting a search of the scene.
Fire and ambulance crews have also attended the scene.
Police are not yet able to confirm any information about casualties.
It was earlier thought to have been a light aircraft which came down in a field.
Fire crews from Boroughbridge, Knaresborough, Harrogate and Ripon attended, it is understood.
Yahoo Finance partnered with Autoblog to create a list of of the five best cars around $20,000 (plus one extra).
Related Coverage SCSU to provide scholarships to New Haven students
WATERBURY, Conn. (AP) — Two existing Catholic schools in Waterbury plan to merge and open as a new school next fall.
Officials say the Blessed Sacrament School and St. Mary School will merge to form the Stream Academy, which will open September 2018.
The Republican-American reports (http://bit.ly/2nOuIRM) the school will be located in the existing Blessed Sacrament School building.
Related Content: SCSU to provide scholarships to New Haven students
According to the Archdiocese of Hartford, the name is an acronym for science, technology, religion, engineering, arts and math. The new school — which will serve students in pre-kindergarten to eighth-grade — will officially be called “Catholic Stream Academy of Waterbury: A Heritage School of St. Mary and Blessed Sacrament Schools.”
The parish and trustees will determine the future use of the St. Mary's buildings, which are to close after the current year.
OK, so maybe Hilarie Burton isn't TV's cutest DEA agent.
In tonight's episode of Hawaii Five-0 (titled “Nā lā ‘īlio”/”Dog Days” and airing on CBS at 9/8c), McGarrett & Co. meet Eddie, a recently injured police dog who is the only witness to an ambushed drug bust.
In the sneak peek above, Five-0 works with SWAT and the DEA (Eddie included!) to sniff out the location of a drug stash. But before they do, everyone must give their colleague cop a pat on the head for good luck. Which team member is juuuust a bit reluctant to do so? Press play above to find out.
Elsewhere in the episode, McGarrett is visited by Junior Reigns (played by new series regular Beulah Koale), a former SEAL who is looking to join the task force — but who probably doesn't get paid in kibble.
Want scoop on H50, or for any other show? Email InsideLine@tvline.com and your question may be answered via Matt's Inside Line.
New Delhi: Gorgeous actress Deepika Padukone turned heads with her impeccable style sense at Met Gala 2018 and Cannes Film Festival respectively. The towering beauty left fans speechless and fashion critics spellbound by her choices this year.
She recently took to Instagram and shared her throwback picture from Met Gala 2018 and we are crushing over her look yet again. Check out her picture here:
forever! @prabalgurung A post shared by Deepika Padukone (@deepikapadukone) on May 30, 2018 at 4:39am PDT
This year the theme at Met Gala happens to be 'Heavenly Bodies: Fashion and the Catholic Imagination', and the celebs made sure to turn heads with their stunning outfits. Dippy went for blood red Prabal Gurung gown looking every bit a diva that she is.
Met Gala is considered to be the Oscars of fashion and this year too some of the celebs like Rihanna, Katy Perry, Nicki Minaj etc made sure they stand out from the rest like true boss ladies!
Besides Deepika, desi girl Priyanka Chopra too made her stunning appearance at the event. She wore a maroon velvet Ralph Lauren gown along with some heavy embellishments covering her head to shoulder.
The Met Gala 2018 took place at NYC's Metropolitan Museum of Art.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
Eagles know when to hold 'em, know when to Foles 'em | Bob Ford May 28
Bob Ford is an award-winning sports columnist for the Inquirer and Daily News. He is a four-time Pennsylvania Sportswriter of the Year, as selected by the National Sportscasters and Sportswriters Association. His work has been cited numerous times by Associated Press Sports Editors judges, and he won an Eclipse Award for outstanding coverage of horse racing. Prior to becoming a columnist at the Inquirer, Ford was the 76ers beat writer for six seasons and then a general assignment feature writer with a specialty in Olympic sports. In 1995, he was designated a fellow of the Knight Center for Specialized Journalism. Ford has written sports in the Philadelphia area since 1981, when he served as the Phillies beat writer and later as a general sports columnist for the Delaware County Daily Times.
On a scale from zero to influencing the outcome of the United States presidential election, the Twitter dustup that threatens to engulf 76ers front-office boss Bryan Colangelo is small potatoes indeed.
Twitter is about to celebrate its 12th birthday and, like most adolescents, hasn't really become a responsible citizen yet, or grown beyond its infatuation with flatulence jokes, anonymous notes and shameless self-promotion. Perhaps it will develop into a dependable adult someday, but more likely it will just roll along as the world's leading depository of misinformation and pictures of someone's food.
On the surface of the report involving Colangelo, it appears that the Sixers president of basketball operations has a lot of free time on his hands, and allegedly used it over the last two years to push a Twitter agenda designed to plump up his own image, tear down the legacy left by Sam Hinkie, ridicule some of his own players and, of course, keep tabs on the Canadian high school basketball scene. Aside from the one about the yellow Lab birthing seven puppies in the Tampa airport, it's the damnedest Twitter-related story you've ever read.
It is also the end of Colangelo with the Sixers, even if it takes a while for the team to officially unfriend him. That's going to happen, though.
Between Tuesday night and Wednesday morning, the organization switched from letting Colangelo talk to talking about him instead.
“An online media outlet filed a story linking multiple social media accounts to 76ers President of Basketball Operations Bryan Colangelo. The allegations are serious and we have commenced an independent investigation into the matter. We will report the results of that investigation as soon as it is concluded,” the team said in a statement.
In other words, Bryan, ruh roh for you.
There is plenty to pick over about the story itself, including guessing the identity and motivation of the leaker who put Ben Detrick of The Ringer onto the trail of the five Twitter accounts that appear to be operated by Colangelo. According to the report, the source is an artificial intelligence nerd who simply stumbled onto similarities in the accounts using an “open-source data analysis tool.” Yeah, that happens all the time.
Suffice it to say Colangelo has people who don't care for him, whether because he was the one who supplanted Hinkie, or because he is not always kind to underlings, or because his manner, which is frequently defensive and a tad insecure, isn't all that likable. So who knows whether it is a Hinkiebot still embedded in the analytics side of the organization, or some disgruntled former employee, or a Process believer out there with a working knowledge of writing code and probably not much of a social life?
Doesn't really matter. There is too much smoke for there not to be a fire here. The idea that this could be an elaborate gotcha stretching back more than two years, a “Paul is dead” hoax with Colangelo as the barefoot victim in the funeral procession, strains credulity.
No, this is weird and sort of unexplainable because it's just so damn dumb, but the story hangs together, and whether it was Colangelo or some social media war dog of his doing the actual tweeting, the result is the same. The accounts demeaned Nerlens Noel, Jahlil Okafor, Joel Embiid, Markelle Fultz, Hinkie and Brett Brown behind a screen of anonymity and with information from inside the franchise. The NBA will do something about it if the Sixers don't.
Oddly, the whole thing has accomplished something that couldn't have been anticipated: I feel sorry for Bryan Colangelo. This clearly wouldn't have been an easy situation for anyone hired to rein in Hinkie, and whose arrival led the former general manager to vacate in a give-me-liberty-or-give-me-lecturing-at-Stanford move that deeply divided the fan base.
Add that to Colangelo's natural touchiness about being considered merely Jerry's son, and you have fertile soil where someone might actually plant a campaign to alter the narrative about himself. If that is as it appears, it's kind of sad.
The reach and ease of Twitter makes this possible, in some ways. What if it were 20 years ago? What would someone have to do … call in to a radio talk show and disguise his voice? Write a letter to the editor?
But Twitter is just the weapon. It still takes a soldier willing to wield it for his own purposes. There might be 50,000 Russian bots gearing up for the mid-term elections right now. All things are possible and readily believable. After all, until Tuesday night, we had heard most everything already. This, however, was a new one.
Chinese smartphone maker Xiaomi has a reputation for launching new smartphones at regular intervals. The company is also known for producing value for money products.
SEE ALSO: Xiaomi Redmi Note 5 Pro sale on Flipkart: Other budget smartphones
The company has managed to hit the right chords with the consumers offering top-of-the-line features at an affordable price.
This year seems to be no different for the company. Xiaomi will be launching a plethora of smartphones this year as well.
SEE ALSO: the Best smartphones with selfie camera and front flash under Rs 15,000
The lineup includes Xiaomi Mi 8, Xiaomi Mi 8 SE, Xiaomi Redmi 6A, Xiaomi Mi Max 3, Xiaomi Mi 6c, Xiaomi Redmi Y2, Xiaomi Redmi 6 Pro. Let's see what the devices have to offer.
Xiaomi Mi 8 Rumored Key Specs
6.2 inches IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen
Android 8.1 (Oreo)
MIUI 9.0
Qualcomm SDM845 Snapdragon 845
Octa-core (4x2.8 GHz Kryo 385 Gold & 4x1.8 GHz Kryo 385 Silver)
20 MP of Rear camera
16 MP of Front Camera
Non-removable Li-Po 3300 mAh battery Xiaomi Mi 8 SE Rumored Key Specs
Snapdragon 710 AIE
AI Dual Camera (1.4μm pixel size)
20MP front camera with Selfie-light
6GB of RAM and 64GB/ 128GB/ 256GB internal storage options Xiaomi Redmi 6 Plus/Redmi 6 Pro Rumored Key Specs
a 5.84-inch full-HD+ display with 19:9 aspect ratio
powered by an octa-core processor clocked at 2GHz, but the exact SoC has not been revealed
Qualcomm Snapdragon 660 or the MediaTek Helio P60 processor
2GB/ 3GB/ 4GB RAM variants with 16GB/ 32GB/ 64GB inbuilt storage respectively
a 12-megapixel primary sensor and a 5-megapixel camera at the front
run Android 8.1 Oreo. It is expected to come with the new MIUI 10 that will be unveiled soon.
a 4000mAh battery Xiaomi Redmi 6A Rumored Key Specs
5.45 inches IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen
Android 8.1 (Oreo)
Qualcomm MSM8953 Snapdragon 625
Octa-core 2.0 GHz Cortex-A53
Dual: 13 MP + 8 MP, phase detection autofocus, LED flash
8 MP, phase detection autofocus, LED flash
5 MP front camera
Non-removable Li-Ion 3000 mAh battery Xiaomi Mi Max 3 Rumored Key Specs
6.99 inches IPS LCD capacitive touchscreen, 16M colors
Android 8.0 (Oreo)
Qualcomm Snapdragon 635
Octa-core CPU
microSD, up to 256 GB (uses SIM 2 slot)
Dual 12 MP (f/2.0, 1/2.9", 1.25µm), phase detection autofocus, dual-LED dual-tone flash
5 MP front Camera
Non-removable Li-Ion 5500 mAh battery Xiaomi Redmi Y2 Rumored Key Specs
5.99-inch (1440 × 720 pixels) HD+ 18:9 2.5D curved glass display with 1000:1 contrast ratio, 450 nits (typ) Brightness, 70.8% NTSC color gamut
2GHz Octa-Core Snapdragon 625 14nm Mobile Platform with Adreno 506 GPU
3GB RAM with 32GB storage / 4GB RAM with 64GB storage
expandable memory up to 256GB with microSD
Android 8.1 (Oreo) with MIUI 9
Dual SIM (nano + nano + microSD)
12MP rear camera with LED Flash and secondary 5MP camera
16MP front-facing camera with LED flash
4G VoLTE
3080mAh (typical) / 3000mAh (minimum) battery Xiaomi mi mix 3 Rumored Key Specs
a 6.4 inch (16.26 cm) display with a screen resolution of 1080 x 2160 pixels
runs on Android v8.0 (Oreo) operating system
powered by Octa core (2.45 GHz, Quad core, Kryo 280 + 1.9 GHz, Quad core, Kryo 280) processor
6 GB of RAM
battery is concerned it has 4000 mAh Xiaomi Redmi Note 6 Pro Rumored Key Specs
5.84-inch (2280×1080 pixels) Full HD+ 19:9 2.5D curved glass display
2GHz Octa-Core processor
2GB RAM with 16GB storage, 3GB RAM with 32GB storage
4GB RAM with 64GB storage
expandable memory up to 256GB with microSD
Android 8.1 (Oreo) with MIUI
Hybrid Dual SIM (nano + nano / microSD)
12MP rear camera with LED Flash, secondary rear camera
5MP front-facing camera
4G VoLTE
4000mAh (typical) / 3900mAh (minimum) battery Xiaomi E6 Rumored Key Specs
Android oreo
3GB RAM
ARM qualcomm
Snapdragon 625 chipset
8 cores
2.02 GHz
MELBOURNE is set to have its hottest day of the summer tomorrow with the mercury to hit 36C.
Today's perfect 26C weather won't last as the mercury climbs 10 degrees tomorrow.
In some parts of the state it will hit 43C.
SUMMER SCORCHER: VICTORIA SET TO SWELTER
Bureau of Meteorology senior forecaster Rod Dickson said tomorrow will be the hottest day of summer so far this year, with a cold front moving in between 3am to 5am on Thursday.
Mildura will be hit with the hottest temperature in the state at 43C on Wednesday while the rest of the Wimmera and Mallee are set to creep into 40C.
Shepparton and Bendigo are expected to hit 39C, Echuca 40C and Warracknabeal 42C.
Camera Icon Claudio Sikora plays cricket with clouds closing in on St Kilda Beach. Picture: David Caird Picture: News Corp Australia
WHAT IS THUNDERSTORM ASTHMA?
STORM ASTHMA WARNING SYSTEM LAUNCHES
“This is nothing out of the ordinary, typical hot summers days and a blast of heat on Wednesday. Potentially early next week it will heat up again,” Mr Dickson said.
There will be a swift change on Thursday as the weather dips to 27C with showers to fall over the city. Plus there is a chance of thunderstorm in the nearby hills.
The temperature will hover at 26C on both Friday and Saturday.
Sunday will hit 28C before the temperature starts its climb again to 31C on Monday.
(WTNH)–Health officials and Senator Richard Blumenthal are calling for action to fix the critical shortage of IV saline. The shortage has been made worse by the devastation of manufacturing facilities in Puerto Rico after Hurricane Maria.
“The flu season makes this problem a matter of life and death. It increases the urgency and immediacy of these shortages,” Blumenthal said.
Related: Officials report 52 flu-related deaths in Connecticut
There are reports of hospitals having been forced to give Gatorade to patients instead of saline.
Things have been made especially difficult with the increase in patients due to this rough flu season.
Related: Keeping up with demand for flu vaccine and test
Mumbai: One of Indian TV's most popular actresses - Hina Khan - has a huge fan following. But there's no dearth of haters too! The Bigg Boss 11 runner-up, who is often trolled on social media, took to Instagram Thursday morning to share a beautiful post.
Though Hina didn't address anyone in the post, it is evident that it is meant for all those who have nothing better to do other than trolling.
Hina was recently mercilessly trolled for not wearing appropriate clothes.
Her post read: The best revenge, is no revenge. Move on. Be Happy. (sic)."
A post shared by Hina Khan (@realhinakhan) on May 30, 2018 at 3:06pm PDT
For the unversed, Hina became a household name after essaying the role of Akshara in daily soap Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai. She had also participated in adventure reality show Khatron Ke Khiladi hosted by filmmaker Rohit Shetty.
Hina recently bagged the Entertaining Performance trophy at the Dadasaheb Phalke Excellence award for reality show Bigg Boss.
After winning the award, she took to Instagram to post:
"I pledged my realism, my substance, my enthusiasm, my vulnerabilities, my drudgery, my turmoil, my gratification, I stood Persistent ! Life doesn't give u a sunny side up u gotta break it out of it , extract d beauty n rubbish d rubbish.Your love all the way, #ItCameFromWhereItMattersTheMost #KarmaKarmaKarma Grattitude Thank you God prayers and positivity #Sherrkhan #dadasahebphalkeaward2018" (sic).
The impending transition of Independence Group's Long Nickel Mine onto care and maintenance today has felt like anything but a funeral.
Long is the last full-scale nickel operation still running in the classic Goldfields nickel town Kambalda.
But news of its closure has been accompanied by a misty-eyed acceptance, in the same way a family might acknowledge the death of a beloved grandmother, who has lived a good life and gone peacefully on her own terms in the passing winter of old age.
Camera Icon Airleg drilling was commonly employed at Long. Picture: Picture: IGO
For almost 40 years Long – alongside its adjacent Victor, Moran, McLeay and Gibb ore bodies – has been a consistent producer of high-grade nickel, employing hundreds of people and producing upwards of 300,000 tonnes of the stainless steel ingredient.
And despite making the call to place the mine in mothballs from May 31, IGO managing director Peter Bradford insists there may be life left through exploration.
The discovery hole at Long was drilled in 1971, but the deep nature of the orebody meant it was eight years before it was developed into a mine.
A shaft was sunk to a depth of 971m between 1975 and 1978 to access the high grade discovery, where mining finally began in 1979.
It would be operated by Western Mining Corporation until 1999, including the sinking of a decline to access the new Victor ore body between 1989 and 1994, before a fall in nickel prices forced the big Australian miner to shut Long along with a number of other nickel sulphide mines and put its nickel assets on the market.
Camera Icon Independence Group's original managing director Chris Bonwick at the Long re-opening in November, 2002. Picture: IGO
A nascent IGO won the bidding process for the mine in a $15 million deal in 2002, reviving it in November of that year under the banner of Lightning Nickel and operating it continually since.
Mr Bradford said it had been a great mine, where IGO built on an initial mine life of around three years by making the Moran, McLeay and Victor South discoveries, and reversed a previously poor safety record by introducing new ground support methods.
“Long has been a wonderful success for 40-odd years, a great ore body at Long itself and then a series of great satellite deposits at Moran and McLeay and et cetera,” he told the Kalgoorlie Miner.
“Any mine that has a life of 40 years or more is a great deposit and the other takeaway from Long is that the average grade over the mine's life has been something like 4 per cent nickel, there's very few ore bodies of that quality and mine life around the world.”
Camera Icon Underground diamond drilling for Lightning Nickel at Long-Victor. Picture: Kalgoorlie Miner
All up IGO will have produced about 137,000t of nickel since it took over Long 16 years ago when it announces its results for the June Quarter.
Crucially, it held Long during the unprecedented nickel boom that sent prices flying to $US54,050 per tonne in 2007 before the onset of the global financial crisis, giving it the steam to fund its portion of the capital expenditure on the Tropicana gold joint venture and a strong enough share price to engineer its all-scrip takeover of Jaguar Zinc-Copper Mine owner Jabiru Metals.
It later completed a $1.8b takeover of Sirius Minerals and spent $443m building the Nova Nickel Mine on the Fraser Range, east of Norseman. Having only formed less than 20 years ago, IGO is now a $3 billion public company.
Camera Icon The Victor Decline at IGO's Long Nickel Mine, which is due to close today. Picture: Christian Sprogoe/IGO
Times have been trying for nickel over the past five years, and Kambalda, where the base metal was discovered in 1966 and a network of high-grade nickel sulphide mines have fed the now BHP-owned Kambalda Concentrator since it was opened a year later, has been hit hardest.
Located 50km south of Kalgoorlie-Boulder, its two major employers Panoramic Resources and Mincor Resources shut the Lanfranchi, Miitel and Mariners mines across 2015 and 2016.
While the historic Beta Hunt mine still operates, it has been progressively prioritised for gold since it was taken over by Salt Lake Mining (now part of Canada's RNC Minerals) in 2014.
Part of the concentrator will go into care and maintenance from July 1, although its workforce of around 30 will remain engaged to blend and dry nickel concentrate from Western Areas' Forrestania nickel mines and IGO's new Nova operation.
It is the first time since WMC began the process of carving up its nickel empire in the late 1990s the region has run so dry, although the ongoing strength of Gold Fields' St Ives gold mine nearby and Mincor's recent transition into gold production has given the community cause for comfort.
Camera Icon Long has produced nickel since 1979. Picture: Picture: IGO
The collapse of the nickel price a couple years ago, when it dropped to around $US7600 per tonne as demand from Chinese steelmakers fell away, was one reason IGO did not sustain the capital investment required to develop extensions to the 1.1km-deep Long reserve.
“Any decision you take like that is always challenging and difficult and the decision was accelerated by the fact we've had low nickel prices throughout the years until 2015-2016,” Mr Bradford said.
“The knock-on effect of that is that we were underinvesting in development infrastructure underground and drilling underground to be able to continue to drill extensions at what we call Macleay South and Moran South.
“We got to a point in time where the time it was going to take to be able to get that development infrastructure in underground is that it was going to be beyond the life of the existing reserve.
“Whether we commenced that or not we were still going to have a period of care and maintenance, so our focus has changed to looking for stepchange opportunities for Long.”
Camera Icon Ore from Long being carted to the BHP Nickel Concentrator. Picture: Picture: IGO
Since late 2016 nickel producers have seen a revival of fortune, on the back of expectations nickel sulphides, like those found in Kambalda, will be required to supply the growing electric vehicle market.
The logic is that the cathodes used in lithium-ion batteries are primarily made up of nickel, alongside smaller quantities of other metals like cobalt, aluminium and manganese.
Researchers from UBS, Wood Mackenzie and Deutsche Bank all estimate upwards of 275,000t of demand for nickel a year could come from the battery market by 2025.
About 70 per cent of the roughly 2Mt produced annually around the world goes into stainless steel, with just five per cent going into batteries of all kinds.
Australia's biggest nickel producer, BHP's Goldfields-focused Nickel West division, is even committing to a $55m expansion of its Kwinana Refinery to produce nickel sulphate for lithium-ion batteries from next year, with Nickel West boss Eddy Haegel hopeful all of its production will eventually go into the battery market.
This year the nickel price has risen from around $US12,260/t to $US15065/t.
It has encouraged IGO to commit $1-2 million in exploration a year to make a new discovery that could give Long a third wind and revive it again.
Camera Icon Drilling underground at Long. Picture Picture: Picture: IGO
To that end IGO plans to keep the mine's myriad of underground workings dewatered and ventilated during care and maintenance.
“Ultimately mines are finite and there's a point in the life cycle of all mines where they do move into care and maintenance or ultimately into closure,” Mr Bradford said.
“The discovery of another Long – another 100,000-200,000 tonnes of nickel at Kambalda – would be a meaningful sized discovery for an IGO, and that's one of the reasons why we're continuing to do some of that conceptual exploration there because there's enough space that hasn't been tested to be able to deliver a discovery of that size.”
Selling the mine could be an option as well, with RNC and Panoramic having recently put the Beta Hunt and Lanfranchi mines on the block.
A sale is not something that IGO has explored, Mr Bradford said, but the movement in the sector has opened the tantalising prospect of a new player pulling off a coup by putting the pieces of WMC's Kambalda Dome jigsaw back together.
“An opportunity I've often remarked on is the opportunity at Kambalda to put Humpty Dumpty back together again,” Mr Bradford said. “We imagine we'll be a part of that puzzle.
“Whether or not we're in the driving seat will remain to be seen.”
On the ground those affected most are sanguine.
Camera Icon Long general manager Philip Rixon addresses a public meeting in Kambalda on Wednesday night. Picture: Picture: Josh Chiat, Josh Chiat
Long's resident manager Philip Rixon told 30 people at a community meeting this month that among the mine's 62 employees just two have accepted relocation to other mines in the company's portfolio.
The bulk of the workers will remain in the Goldfields, with IGO helping them prepare resumes, conduct mock interviews and by advertising jobs from other miners around Kalgoorlie struggling with a local skills shortage internally.
Kambalda local Michael Matulin, who came to the town in 1969 with his airleg drilling father, has worked in Long's maintenance department since he was recruited from contractor Byrnecut by IGO when it reopened 15 ½ years ago.
Like many others he has nothing but good memories.
“When IGO leave they offered me a job to go somewhere else and I said no, because basically it's more about the community to me and you've got to have a decent community and a place to go home to every night,” he said.
“IGO if they started something else up here maybe I'd stay around, but it's more likely St Ives or if there was a new mine that's opening around here that would be something for me.
“I'm quite happy to get out of there, after 15 years I'll be paid a good redundancy and I'm quite happy to move on to something else.
“I think the nickel industry is fine, I don't think there's anything wrong with it, if they find more in Kambalda it will keep going but I don't think they have and that's the problem.”
SANDY, Utah (AP) - Kyle Beckerman scored his 41st career MLS goal in the 82nd minute, and Real Salt Lake beat the Houston Dynamo 2-1 on Wednesday night.
Salt Lake (6-6-1) has won 10 of its last 11 home games, conceding just 12 goals. Houston (5-4-3) lost for the first time in five games.
Luis Silva put RSL in front in the 34th minute by heading in Sebastian Saucedo's cross.
Beckerman, who entered having played every minute of every RSL game this season, came in as a substitute in the 64th. Eighteen minutes later, Beckerman had a corner kick chested to his feet and he sent a left-footed shot off the far post and in.
Houston's Alberth Elis scored his fifth goal this month, and eighth overall, in the 75th. Nick Rimando's goal kick was intercepted and Elis was left open in front of goal to head home Romell Quioto's cross.
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
North Hempstead veterans in need of medical care drive nearly an hour to the nearest Veterans Affairs Medical Center in Northport, a trip that many says is taxing and inconvenient and has spurred an effort to establish an outpatient clinic closer to the aging veterans.
Veterans on the town's Advisory Committee are collecting signatures from residents to petition federal representatives to place a community-based outpatient clinic in North Hempstead.
“Most of the veterans in Nassau County are up there in age, and it's difficult for them to get to the facility in Northport,” said Richard DeMartino, 68, of New Hyde Park and a Vietnam War veteran who served in the Navy. “Sometimes they aren't able to get a ride…It's a long way to go.”
The clinic would essentially act as a satellite location of the Northport VA Center and provide common outpatient services such as health and wellness checkups, according to the VA website.
The North Hempstead Town Board has formally requested funding and support from Sen. Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.), Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand (D-N.Y.), Rep. Kathleen Rice (D-Garden City) and Rep. Tom Suozzi (D-Glen Cove).
“A CBOC [community-based outpatient clinic] would assist in the support system that many of these veterans have established near their homes, and friends, family and caretakers would breathe a sigh of relief to know that a clinic is open nearby to care for their loved ones,” Town Supervisor Judi Bosworth said in a news release.
There are 47 outpatient clinics in New York State, according to the VA website. Nassau County has two community-based clinics, in Valley Stream and East Meadow. There are three clinics in Suffolk County — Riverhead, Patchogue and Bay Shore.
A Veterans Affairs spokeswoman said that the department annually prepares a capital plan identifying projects for future facilities and that “ultimate decisions” about when and where VA hospitals and medical facilities are both built and operated are “subject to the authorization and appropriations process, which is controlled by Congress.”
Get the Breaking News newsletter! Get the latest breaking news as it happens. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
The VA did not respond to inquiries about how many new clinics were built this year.
Michael Aciman, a spokesman for Rice, said she agrees that another clinic in central Nassau County would be “of great service to local veterans.”
“Our office has offered to facilitate a conversation between the Town of North Hempstead and the Northport VA to discuss the next steps in this process,” Aciman added.
Kathy Garneau, a social worker and member of the town's veterans committee, said a clinic would provide “an overall service that they [veterans] deserve.”
“We are definitely focusing on the needs of the older veterans," said Garneau, of Stony Brook. "We have veterans of all ages and conflicts in the Town of North Hempstead. These people, they have served this country and they have served this country well.”
On Tuesday a coalition of ethanol supporters, including the National Corn Growers Association (NCGA) filed a lawsuit against the EPA over Renewable Fuel Standard obligation waiver exemptions.
The lawsuit is centered on a handful of waivers EPA has granted to small refineries allowing them to escape their RFS requirements on blending biofuels.
According to Pro Farmer's Jim Wiesemeyer, the groups filed suit over three specific waivers granted via the small refiner waiver provision: waivers granted to CVR Refining's operation in Wynnewood, Oklahoma, and the HollyFrontier refineries at Cheyenne, Wyoming, and Woods Cross, Utah.
Those refineries have collectively saved $170 million in compliance costs, according to the court filing by the Renewable Fuels Association (RFA), NCGA, American Coalition for Ethanol (ACE) and the National Farmers Union.
“EPA is trying to undermine the RFS program under the cover of night,” said Bob Dinneen, CEO and president of RFA. “And there's a reason it has been done in secret – it's because EPA is acting in contravention of the statute and its own regulations, methodically destroying the demand for renewable fuels.”
The groups are not challenging EPA's authority to grant the waivers, which are aimed at small refiners that can show economic hardship due to complying with the RFS. Instead, they are challenging those three specific waivers, demanding EPA explain why an “otherwise profitable” refinery faces hardship from complying with the RFS.
“We want EPA to explain why it is reasonable for HollyFrontier, which apparently could not afford to comply with the RFS, could nonetheless afford to undertake a $1 billion stock share repurchase program during the same time—and that's before the company received over $300 million in tax cuts last year,” the groups wrote in a press release. “Likewise, the petitioners would like to understand how EPA could find hardship at CVR Energy, which reported a $23 million profit in the biofuels credit market in the first quarter of 2018 due to what it called a lower RFS obligation.”
The “rapidly rising” profits make it difficult to see what kind of economic hardship these refineries are facing, Kevin Skunes, NCGA president.
“The apparent lack of hardship raises serious questions of why EPA granted these exemptions, which is compounded by the fact that there is zero transparency in EPA's small refinery exemption process,” he said. “America's corn farmers, who are expecting their fifth consecutive year of low commodity prices and who are experiencing the lowest net farm incomes since 2006, understand economic challenges. When refineries are reporting profit increases and repurchasing stock shares, we expect EPA to explain why these refineries were granted exemptions from their RFS volume obligations.”
The groups also allege EPA has not followed proper protocols for small refineries including a requirement to inform the public that it received or acted on these specific requests.
“EPA left us with no choice but to challenge their systematic cuts to ethanol blending in the U.S. by distorting the intent of the law to grant secret hardship waivers to refineries which in some cases exceed the definition of ‘small' and fall short of demonstrating ‘disproportionate economic hardship,'” said Brian Jennings, CEO of ACE. “We cannot sit by and allow EPA to violate the RFS which requires increasing the use of renewable fuels in the U.S.”
Based on EPA data, RFA estimates that small refinery exemptions granted for the past two years have effectively reduced volumes of renewable fuel by as much as 1.6 billion gallons.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
JEFFERSON TOWNSHIP -- Folks in Lackawanna County are prepping for the Super Bowl and supporting their local fire department.
The Jefferson Township Fire Department held their annual wing and pizza sale for the Super Bowl.
They were expecting to make about 1100 pounds of wings and 150 trays of pizza for the big game.
Members make hot wings and two different types of pizza as a fundraiser for the fire company.
"This is our 10th annual wing sale so it's been getting bigger and bigger every year. People come looking for our products, our pizza and our wings. The only time we offer them is now and our annual carnival in June. So, people know our sauces, they know our pizza and they come looking for it," said Assistant Fire Chief Jason Crambo.
All of the money raised will benefit the fire department here in Lackawanna County.
We're back live again this afternoon with the Cambridge News live blog, here to bring you the latest traffic and travel news from across the county, and beyond.
For the latest news on the accidents and congestion on major roads, including the A14, M11 and A1, that might affect your route into work, check out the updates as they happen below
Delays and cancellations on the trains, affecting commuters heading into and out of London, and across Cambridgeshire, will also be updated in the blog.
We will also be reporting on flight cancellations and delays to affect Stansted Airport.
And, we'll also be bringing you the latest news and sport from around the city, and across the country, as well as the best of What's On in the region.
Do let us know if you spot anything that may affect your commute home from work - send us a tweet on Twitter@CambridgeNewsUK or write a post on our Facebook page.
Carrie Fisher may be gone, but her daughter Billie Lourd is still finding ways to honor her memory. Over the weekend the actress, who plays Lieutenant Connix in the upcoming Star Wars installment The Last Jedi, attended the film's premiere in Los Angeles, and her red carpet look paid tribute to her "Momby" in the most poignant way.
For the event, Lourd decided to wear her hair in a braided bun, which is style that her mom's character Princess Leia wore on numerous occasions. In fact, the updo is almost identical to how her mom's character wore her hair in the first-ever Star Wars film, A New Hope almost 40 years ago. Yep, let the water works flow.
RELATED: Billie Lourd Celebrates Her First Birthday Without Her Mom Carrie Fisher
Presley Ann/Getty Images
NO,I'M NOT CRYING OKAY pic.twitter.com/NfKN7aYrD5 — amara jade is a star war (@lwiavader) December 10, 2017
Princess Billie Lourd about to rock the red carpet with the Princess Leia Throne Room hairstyle! 👑💚 pic.twitter.com/Y5yIZk23Fa — Lei Adler (@AlessHolmes) December 10, 2017
Not only did Lourd honor her mom with her beauty look, she also wore a bright blue ring that belonged to her mom. Fisher wore the same piece of jewelry to the premiere of Star Wars: The Force Awakens back in 2015, so naturally we're feeling all the feels.
Check out pre premiere Robe Warriors! The Best After any Before could wish for (ce?) pic.twitter.com/OjMqCzne0K — Carrie Fisher (@carrieffisher) December 14, 2015
Jon Kopaloff/Getty Images
The Last Jedi is dedicated to Fisher and features her final performance. Grab the tissues because we have a feeling you'll need it when the film hits theaters this Friday, December 15.
Mumbai: Lollypop Lagulu hit-maker Pawan Singh has an ocean of fan following. The Bhojpuri superstar sports a beefed up look these days. His magnetic personality attracts moviegoers to cinema halls but it is not an easy task to maintain such robust physique.
The power star hits the gym to pump the iron regularly to keep fit and remain in good shape.
Here's are a few workout videos of Pawan that will give you fitness goals:
A post shared by pawansingh (@singhpawan999) on Jun 27, 2017 at 7:00am PDT
Workout time A post shared by pawansingh (@singhpawan999) on Jul 2, 2016 at 12:21am PDT
Pawan is busy shooting for one of his upcoming films Raja these days.
The actor-singer entered matrimony with Jyoti Singh on March 6 this year.
The Bhojpuri superstar solemnised his wedding in presence of family and friends in the bride's hometown Baliya, in Uttar Pradesh.
Pawan had surprised his fans by taking the marital plunge as he remained tight-lipped about it.
He is one of the most bankable superstars in the Bhojpuri film industry. He hails from Ara in Bihar. He has featured in several hit Bhojpuri films. His on screen chemistry with Akshara Singh makes moviegeors crazy as they come across as a couple made-for-each-other.
Known as the "water tower of Asia", the Tibetan Plateau (TP) is the source of the ten largest rivers in Asia, supporting more than 1.4 billion people and exerting a substantial influence on the water resources, agriculture, and ecosystems of the downstream countries. The change of water supplies over the TP has long been a "hotspot" of climate change research. Recently, a new study conducted by Dr. ZHANG Wenxia, Prof. ZHOU Tianjun and Dr. ZHANG Lixia from Institute of Atmospheric Physics, Chinese Academy of Sciences shows that the TP has been getting significantly wetter in May since 1979.
According to their study, both increased precipitation frequency and intensity have contributions to a wetter climate over TP. "Our further analyses show that the phase transition of Interdecadal Pacific Oscillation around the late 1990s has promoted an earlier onset of the South Asian summer monsoon since 1979. " says the first author Dr. ZHANG, " It happens via increasing meridional thermal contrast between the Indian Ocean and the Asian landmass in the pre-monsoon season." The earlier onset of the South Asian summer monsoon is then favorable for increased southwesterly water vapor transport and hence a wetting TP in May.
"The wetting TP has significant consequences in that it has influenced the regional hydrological cycle and ecosystem," says Prof. ZHOU Tianjun. The coherent increases in the soil moisture content and vegetation activities confirm the precipitation trend, indicating a wetting and greening TP in the early summer in recent decades. "This is especially beneficial for agriculture during the vegetation growing season. The increased rainfall also indicates richer water release from the TP to downstream areas, suggesting enhanced water availability in Asia."
This work is recently published in Journal of Geophysical Research: Atmospheres and highlighted by AGUniverse.
###
New Delhi: Scripting a scintillating eight-wicket victory over host nation England at Cardiff on Wednesday, Sarfraz Ahmed-led Pakistan stormed into the ICC Champions Trophy final.
With the victory, Pakistan drew immense praise from all corners of the cricketing universe. And one of them came from veteran South African pacer Dale Steyn.
Post the win, Steyn took to Twitter to congratulate the green jersey on their victory. He tweeted, "Well done Pakistan."
Heading into the match, Pakistan had all cards against them. The eighth-ranked side was simply not the favourites against England, who remained unbeaten in all their group stage ties. But the former defied all odds to come forth and register a ravishing win over the English side. The 33-year-old further added, "Rankings mean nothing in the knockout format."
Addressing the Pakistani side as champions, Steyn is already expecting a great Champions Trophy final. He concluded by saying, "Gana be a great final with the way these champs are playing."
Some could even speculate this as a warning for their opponents in the final. Especially with the way the Pakistani bowling attack has frayed themselves up in their last three matches, reducing the opponents to well below the 250-run mark.
Well done Pakistan
Rankings mean nothing in the knockout format. Gana be a great final with the way these champs are playing — Dale Steyn (@DaleSteyn62) June 14, 2017
As for the tournament, the second finalist will be decided today at Edgbaston when defending champions India take on Bangladesh.
The search is on for a new school superintendent after Vikki Landry resigned from her position with the Bay-Waveland School District.
Krispy Kreme is honoring National Gingerbread House day with a special promotion according to NBC News. Grace said it will offer a glazed gingerbread doughnut on December 12, 2017 on its menu for one day only. The Today Show staffers reviewed the flavor and some complained that it didn't have enough ginger taste to it. So if that's not your thing, you can get a free glazed classic doughnut on December 15, 2017 if you don your ugliest Christmas sweater.
Steve shared video of a mom pulling a prank on her son. It's a good one. On Instagram's FailArmy U, a mom sent her son into a store for something to fix the car. The boy returns obviously embarrassed after asking for "blinker fluid" which, of course, does not exist. After asking him to repeat what he was looking for, even the store clerk realized that he was getting punked.
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now.
Politico has obtained rare footage of the ex-wife of President Donald Trump's labor secretary nominee appearing anonymously on The Oprah Winfrey Show in 1990, where she alleged spousal abuse. "I will see you in the gutter. This will never be over. You will pay for this," Lisa Fierstein alleged the labor secretary nominee, Andrew Puzder, told her in an episode titled "High Class Battered Women."
Puzder, the CKE Restaurants CEO, is slated for his Senate confirmation hearing on Thursday although four Republicans have said they are "withholding support," possibly jeopardizing his nomination. In addition to allegations that he abused his wife, Puzder faces trouble due to pushback from labor rights activists and his admission that he and his wife once employed an undocumented immigrant as a part-time housekeeper.
When Fierstein appeared on Oprah, she was already divorced from Puzder — their separation was finalized in 1987 — and disguised by large sunglasses and a wig and used an assumed name. Another woman who appeared in the episode supplied the video to Politico, and Senators on the HELP committee have also reviewed the tape, which was supplied to them by the Oprah Winfrey Network but had not been made available to the public.
In a petition seeking $350,000 in damages, Fierstein also alleged Puzder "assaulted and battered me by striking me violently about the face, chest, back, shoulders and neck, without provocation or cause" and left "bruises and contusions to the chest, back, shoulders and neck" as well as "two ruptured discs and two bulging discs." The petition was ultimately dismissed "on the grounds that Puzder's divorce agreement had already settled all Fierstein's prior claims against him," Politico writes.
TORONTO — A man is dead following a late-night shooting in one of Toronto's busiest intersections.
Police say a man was shot at around 11 p.m. at Yonge-Dundas Square in the heart of downtown.
The man believed to be in his 20s was rushed to a nearby trauma centre in critical condition.
Homicide Det. Stephen Henkel says he died of his injuries in hospital.
WICHITA -A Kansas man was sentenced Friday to 20 years in federal prison for producing child pornography, according to U.S. Attorney Tom Beall.
In his plea, Michael Rodenbeek, 54, Salina, admitted using an iPhone camera to record videos of a 10-year-old victim and a 9-year-old victim. The recordings were made without the victims' knowledge.
The investigation began in August of last year.
He has three previous drug convictions in Saline County.
Beall commended the Wichita Police Department, Homeland Security Investigations, the Internet Crimes Against Children Task Force and Assistant U.S. Attorney Jason Hart for their work on the case.
Sarah Leedham and Garry Fletcher were last seen at 8am today, in Glen Innes.
Sarah Leedham and Garry Fletcher were last seen at 8am today, in Glen Innes. Joanne Elliott
Saturday 5pm: Police have renewed an appeal for public assistance to help locate the man and woman believed to be travelling in Northern NSW, as serious concerns are held for the woman's safety.
Original story: POLICE are asking the public to assist them to locate a man and woman believed to be travelling in Northern NSW.
Sarah Leedham and Garry Fletcher were last seen at 8am today, in Glen Innes.
Police have concerns for the welfare of Ms Leedham.
Sarah Leedham, 33, is described as being of Caucasian appearance, 160cm to 165cm tall, 60kg to 70kg with a medium build, a fair complexion, blonde hair and blue eyes.
Garry Fletcher, 36, is described as being of Caucasian appearance, 177cm, 82kg, with a medium build, fair complexion and light brown hair. He has a beard and moustache.
Sarah Leedham and Garry Fletcher were last seen at 8am today, in Glen Innes. Joanne Elliott
Police do not have a description of their current vehicle.
Anyone who may have seen either person, or has information concerning their whereabouts to contact Triple Zero (000) immediately.
Anyone with information in relation to this incident to call Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000 or use the Crime Stoppers online reporting page: https://nsw.crimestoppers.com.au/
Information you provide will be treated in the strictest of confidence.
People should not report crime information via NSW Police Facebook and Twitter pages.
Purdue forward Jacquil Taylor, left, listens to Isaac Haas on the bench against Butler during the first half of an NCAA men's college basketball tournament second-round game in Detroit, Sunday, March 18, 2018. (AP Photo/Paul Sancya)
Purdue forward Jacquil Taylor, left, listens to Isaac Haas on the bench against Butler during the first half of an NCAA men's college basketball tournament second-round game in Detroit, Sunday, March 18, 2018. (AP Photo/Paul Sancya)
WEST LAFAYETTE, Ind. (AP) - Purdue center Isaac Haas appears to be done for the season even if Purdue's medical team or its crack engineering department can create an elbow brace that allows him to play in the NCAA Tournament.
Even if the NCAA approves a protective device for Haas' fractured right elbow, coach Matt Painter said, there are still limitations and it wouldn't be beneficial for Haas' health.
"He had the best brace you can have and he couldn't shoot right-handed free throws with it," Painter said Monday. "He wants to play. But at the end of the day, you have to put people out there who can help you."
The 7-foot-2, 290-pound Haas was injured during the second half of last Friday's win over Cal State Fullerton when he crashed hard to the floor while fighting for a rebound. The next day, the Boilermakers' trainers and doctors explored options to give the Alabama native a chance to come back. They fitted him with a bulky brace, which allowed Haas to run with his teammates at practice.
But the NCAA disallowed the contraption out of safety concerns for other players.
Even if officials had allowed Haas to play with the device, Painter was concerned about his limitations - the inability to make free throws and grab rebounds with both hands - making him an even bigger target for opponents to challenge and foul.
"He's going to need surgery and they're going to have to put a couple of pins in there," Painter said. "They say it can't get worse unless he falls, but people who cover us know he falls all the time."
Haas did not speak with reporters Monday, and his absence in Sunday's second-round game didn't hurt Purdue (30-6), which beat Butler 76-73 to reach its second straight Sweet 16. Purdue faces Texas Tech (29-6) in Boston on Friday.
Back on campus, word trickled down to Painter that some in the school's well-regarded engineering department were seeking a solution that would allow Haas to use both hands effectively.
"I think they're working on something, a class project or something," Painter said. "But I really don't know."
Painter commended Haas for staying engaged and providing leadership since suffering the injury. The big senior was Purdue's second-leading scorer at 14.7 points and No. 2 rebounder at 5.7. He also blocked 46 shots.
Matt Haarms, a 7-3 redshirt freshman, replaced Haas in the starting lineup while 6-10 Jacquil Taylor, who had been used sparingly this season, joined the rotation.
___
More AP college basketball: https://collegebasketball.ap.org ; https://twitter.com/AP_Top25 and https://www.podcastone.com/ap-sports-special-events
UNITED NATIONS: A top Pakistani diplomat has told the United Nations that Pakistan has “turned the tide” against terrorism through a series of determined actions that led to the destruction of terrorist infrastructures and bases in its tribal areas and along the Pak-Afghan border region.
“Terrorism in Pakistan is an unfortunate by-product of the political and geo-strategic developments and foreign interventions in our neighborhood over the past 40 years,” Ambassador Maleeha Lodhi, Pakistan's permanent representative to the U.N, told the UN General Assembly's Sixth Committee, which deals with legal matters.
Speaking in a debate on terrorism, Ambassador Lodhi highlighted measures such as a dedicated counter “terrorism force, reform of the criminal justice system, and an across-the-board military campaign” the largest anti-terrorism operation anywhere in the world, to destroy terrorist infrastructures and bases in the Pakistan-Afghanistan border region and Pakistani tribal areas.
Pakistan, she said, had lost over 27,000 citizens and law enforcement personnel to this scourge, with many more injured and maimed for life as well as economic losses of over US$120 billion. “But neither the human nor financial losses have diminished my country's commitment to fight this menace. It has only reinforced our will to fight until the last terrorist is eliminated from our soil.”
The success of its counter-terrorism operations had resulted in the sharp reduction of terrorist activities across Pakistan over the past two years, she said. Still, terrorism continues to pose a challenge, but its nature has changed.
“The threat that we face today is primarily supported and financed from outside our borders,” the Pakistani envoy pointed out. “We are confident that we will be able to defeat these forces too.”
Ambassador Lodhi reaffirmed Pakistan's support for the OIC position on a consensus-based comprehensive convention on international terrorism. The proposed convention must be consistent with international humanitarian law and must clearly differentiate between acts of terrorism and the legitimate struggles for self-determination of people living under foreign occupation.
PARIS (AP) — The son of Equatorial Guinea's president is going on trial in France accused of buying real estate, sports cars and other luxury goods with public funds from his country.
Teodoro Nguema Obiang Mangue, who is also Equatorial Guinea's second vice president, faces up to 10 years in prison if found guilty of corruption, money laundering and embezzlement after a years-long investigation.
Obiang's lawyer, Emmanuel Marsigny, said he will ask for a delay in proceedings when the hearing starts Monday, arguing that his client — who is not expected to attend the trial — did not get enough time to prepare his defense. It is unclear whether Obiang is in France.
The International Court of Justice, the United Nations' highest court, refused to order France to halt the prosecution last month after Equatorial Guinea argued that Obiang had immunity.
Advertisement
Obiang's trial came after two non-governmental organizations targeting corruption and an association of Congolese citizens living abroad launched a lawsuit in France nearly 10 years ago. Known in France as the case of the “ill-gotten gains,” the complaint accused several African heads of state, including the late Gabon president Omar Bongo, of embezzling state funds during or after their tenure to buy properties in France.
According to court documents, Obiang used to book hotel rooms in luxury Parisian palaces during his stays in France and later bought a mansion located on one of the most sought-after avenues in the French capital. He also bought about 15 cars in France for 5.7 million euros (currently $6 million) and once splashed nearly 20 million euros at an arts auction.
The case has put a spotlight on the lavish lifestyle of Obiang, whose father is Africa's longest-serving president. Equatorial Guinea is rich in oil and gas, but most of the country's population still lives in poverty.
The same cannot be said for the ruling elite. In 2011, French authorities seized assets from Obiang's Paris mansion including Ferrari and Bugatti Veyron sports cars, expensive works of art and luxury suits and shoes.
The International Court of Justice, however, ruled that France must treat the mansion as Equatorial Guinea's diplomatic mission. French authorities have searched the building in the past as part of their money laundering investigation.
The French case is not the first time Obiang's opulent way of life has come under scrutiny. In 2014, he reached a deal with U.S. authorities to sell a Malibu mansion, a Ferrari and Michael Jackson memorabilia to raise more than $30 million. The U.S. had in 2011 filed claims against Obiang's U.S.-based assets worth more than $70 million, alleging they were the proceeds of corruption. Swiss authorities have also begun a preliminary investigation into Obiang.
When you've got a little extra money to work with — or a lot — what do you do with it? Maybe you stuff it under the mattress. Maybe you try to invest it and put it to work. Or maybe you spend it on yourself and some important people in your life. That last option is what many American companies seem to be doing with their cash hoards these days:returning it to investors via stock buybacks and dividends. What else could that money be doing?
Click the audio player above to hear the full story.
(WTNH)–New parents quickly learn the in's and out's of caring for an infant, but they may be overlooking a critical health threat: tooth decay.
Dentist Dr. Ukti Phadnis, DMD, owner of Wethersfield Dental Group, joined Good Morning Connecticut on Saturday to educate parents about the ABC's of oral hygiene before the first baby tooth even appears.
February is National Children's Dental Health Month. Phadnis says parents need to immediately get into the habit of cleaning a baby's mouth to remove harmful bacteria.
Watch the video above for much more.
Clothes and accessories, furniture and decor, hair care and makeup ... department stores—like Macy's—are known for carrying just about everything. But we never thought that they'd step into the dental scene. Yeah, I know it sounds confusing, but trust us, it'll all make sense by the end of this story.
Macy's has teamed up with SmileDirectClub. If you're not familiar with the brand, it's pretty much an answer to your prayers if you're looking for an affordable way to straighten your teeth without all of those extra trips to the dentist. How is that possible? Well, SmileDirectClub created at-home kits, so you can easily take your own dental impressions without leaving your house. Just bite down, mail them in, and wait for them to send your custom aligners.
The Macy's Smile Kit includes three trays (small, medium, and large) to determine the right size for your mouth, plus Bright On teeth whitening gel (hello, pearly white)—all for $79. Once sizing is figured out and you register at smiledirectclub.com, your requested tray size and putty are overnighted to you, so that you can take impressions and get started. Next, you'll start receiving custom invisible aligners in the mail, which are remotely created by a licensed dentist or orthodontist in your area. You can pay $1,850 up front or $250 down payment and $80 a month over a two-year period. But you don't have to wait 24 months to see results. On average, SmileDirecrtClub users have completely straightened their teeth in six months.
VIDEO: 20 Women with Different Skin Tones Put This Red Lipstick to the Test
In the past, you could only get the original kits from SmileDirectClub's website or take 3D images at one of the brand's Smile Shops. But now, you can snag the Macy's Smile Kit, while you're picking up a new lipstick shade at the beauty counter. It's definitely a major way to step up your beauty game.
PREGNANCIES Among Panamanian school girls aged 10 to 19 have been running at an average oof over27 a day with 1,782 births since the start of the year, while opposition to sexual education in schools continues.
The data comes from the Ministry of Health (Minsa) and does not include births in private hospitals.
Against this backdrop, both the members of the Panamanian Alliance for Life and the Family Association and the Panamanian Family Planning Association say that the issue is seen as a “serious” public health problem and urges that it be addressed.
Rossana Uribe, president of the Panamanian Association for Family Planning (Aplafa), an organization that has been in favor of sex education guides, noted That there is a “stagnation” in airing the subject.
She recalled that in September last year, the Education Ministry (Meduca) created a commission to d develop a “pedagogical tool” to guide the topic; but what the progress has been is unknown.”We are not doing any work,” she said.
Abstinence
Luis Sagel, a member of the Panamanian Alliance for Life and Family, which recently staged a church supported march against sex education calls for abstinence to prevent unwanted pregnancies in adolescents, and expects further action by the authorities to address the issue.
Sagel said that Bill 61, which seeks to adopt public education policies for comprehensive health care and promotion, is stalled in the National Assembly awaiting a second debate.
Both activists agreed that the issue cannot continue to be delayed and called on Meduca as well as Deputies to convene a dialogue.
Meduca's position reports La Prensa is that they will not give further details until it has well defined, the sex education guidelines.
× Men Charged for Allegedly Violating Clean Air Act
Five men are facing charges for allegedly modifying fracking equipment to get around federal clean air laws.
Gavin Rexer, 29; Dennis Paulhamus, 39; and Timothy Sweitzer, 41; all of Jersey Shore, along with two men from western Pennsylvania, were charged last week with conspiring to impede the lawful functions of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and Department of Transportation (DOT), and to violate the Clean Air Act.
Investigators said the men modified about 30 diesel trucks with “defeat devices” to get around emissions requirements.
Three more baseball players from College World Series-bound TCU, two from UT Arlington and one from Texas Wesleyan were chosen on the final day of the Major League Baseball draft on Wednesday.
TCU right-hander Mitchell Traver was selected by the Angels in the 20th round. Second baseman Cam Warner was a 28th-round pick of the Tigers and third baseman Elliott Barzilli went to the Marlins in the 32nd round.
Traver was 4-1 with a 3.79 ERA this season for TCU after missing a month with a back muscle strain. Warner batted .292 with 49 RBIs while Barzilli batted .243 with 14 doubles.
UTA left-hander Jakob Hernandez, who was 6-1 with a 3.28 ERA, was a 21st-round selection of the Phillies while catcher Brady Cox, who batted .229, was taken by the Royals in the 36th round.
Texas Wesleyan third baseman Luis Roman, who batted .370 with 17 home runs and 68 RBIs, was picked by the Padres in the 21st round.
Texas Tech junior third baseman Hunter Hargrove, a Mansfield High graduate, was picked in the 25th round by the Athletics.
TCU had three players drafted on Tuesday: outfielder Austen Wade in the fifth round by the Indians, catcher Evan Skoug in the seventh round by the White Sox, and pitcher Brian Howard in the eighth round by the Athletics.
UTA right-hander Austin Gardner, from Coppell, was a ninth-round draft pick of the New York Yankees on Tuesday.
Making latte's and cappuccinos wasn't even a thought for morning light coffee roasters almost 30 years ago. In fact, they got into the coffee business as wholesalers for local grocery stores.
Times have changed however, they opened a coffee shop, continued roasting and haven't looked back.
“We are kind of unique that we roast our own coffee in our store. We started that concept back in 1989 and it was a fairly new concept, nobody was doing it around the country,” said Mike Myers
Just because the business evolved doesn't mean they still aren't attached to their roots as wholesalers.
In fact morning light coffee roasts more than 2,000 pounds of coffee in a single week through just one roaster.
“We have over 200 places in Great Falls that have our coffee. There are a lot of coffee shops that carry our coffee. A lot of grocery stores, we have our coffee in Sam's Club, out at the Military base, we have our coffee in high schools, we have our coffee in the colleges,” said Myers.
Why so popular? Well being one of the only roasters in town, their customers know they are getting the freshest coffee around.
“It gives you the ability to control your coffee and you have a very good fresh taste to your coffee. Coffee is so much like bread that the biological clock starts ticking when it comes out of the roaster,” said Myers.
In fact, the coffee you see here was roasted today, and will be on shelves in local grocery stores by tomorrow. Or if you come in the coffee shop, you could be sipping on coffee roasted only hours ago
Greg Zanis writes the name of a victim of Sunday's shooting as he places crosses near the Las Vegas sign . Gregory Bull AP
By The Associated Press
At the hour the Nasdaq Composite Index was UP 77.11 at 6333.67.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
By Marta Murvosh on
Libraries in Chicago, San Francisco, and Cornelius, OR, have taken advantage of economies of scale to plan new locations in the same building as affordable senior housing developments. By working together, they maximized resources to improve the lives of all neighborhood residents.
Partnering with other agencies can yield many benefits, especially in urban centers with limited land at premium prices, says Brian Bannon, commissioner of the Chicago Public Library (CPL), which is working with the Chicago Housing Authority (CHA). “Any [chance] to talk to schools, housing [authorities], and parks, any private entities working there, we would be smart to do it,” says Bannon, a 2009 LJ Mover & Shaker.
Of course, this isn't a new trend: library systems from Boston to San Francisco—where Bannon served as chief of branches from 2006 to 2012—share buildings with schools, parks departments, retail businesses, municipal offices, and residences. Still, sharing with seniors specifically is a relatively new twist and can offer additional synergies, giving elders easy access to community as well as collections.
The granddaddy of senior libraries
San Francisco Public Library's $4 million Mission Bay Branch and Mission Creek Senior Housing codeveloped the building they share and opened to patrons in 2006. The 7,500 square foot Mission Bay Branch was an LJ New Landmark Library honorable mention in 2011.
Branch manager Lori Chan says that when planning programs that target seniors, she reaches out to Mission Creek. Resulting offerings include an ESL conversation club, low-impact Zumba classes, basic Internet security and privacy workshops, and will and estate planning workshops. Patrons also can checkout walkers and take advantage of a desktop magnifier and Assistive Technology Computer. This fall, Mission Bay and the City College's Older Adults Program will host a brain fitness program for seniors.
“I have heard multiple patrons saying how lucky they are to live above the library,” Chan says. “They can come down and borrow books and other materials, learn about everything, and attend programs. Everything is free of charge. They are so grateful.” Of course, the library doesn't just serve seniors: it attracts a diverse blend of customers, including residents and people who work nearby. “We have a lot of young families who live in the neighborhood [who] come in and join our story times. Of course, like most branches, we have our share of homeless patrons,” Chan says.
Full-service, full-spectrum branches
In Chicago, two of four proposed new CPL branches will be codeveloped with housing for seniors. While city leaders expect the new libraries and senior housing to have an effect on each other, the libraries won't focus on services to seniors. “We're here for the entire neighborhood. We're not just thinking about the residents above us, we're thinking about the residents around us and beside us in the community,” Bannon says.
Each will offer an early childhood center, digital media learning lab for teens, public computers, meeting and study rooms, spaces for quiet contemplation and reading, and the breadth of CPL services. “We like to think about it as delivering full-service 21st-century libraries focused on amenities,” Bannon says.
Perkins+Will was selected to design the Northtown library on the city's Far North Side. The branch is expected to open in 2018, replacing one closed in 2015 after a fire. John Ronan Architects will design the Independence Branch in Irving Park in the city's northwest, replacing an undersized branch. The architectural firms are working with CPL and CHA to balance the needs of the two agencies and ensure the new libraries are larger and more efficient than the buildings they replace. The cost and size of the codeveloped library–senior housing structures has not yet been determined.
Small but mighty
Developing libraries with senior housing is not only for big cities. Cornelius, OR, a small, cash-strapped farming town west of Portland, will break ground this August on the $18.5 million Cornelius Place, a three-story project with 45 affordable senior apartments and a replacement for the 3,000 square foot Cornelius Public Library.
Once open, the $5.2 million library component will feature 14,000 square feet and a teen space, a children's area, study rooms, meeting rooms, and an outside courtyard. The library and a new YMCA will share the ground floor in the city's downtown, near shopping, civic, educational, cultural, and health-care resources.
The project came about through a public-private partnership among the library; Bienestar, a Hillsboro, OR–based affordable housing development group; and BRIDGE Housing, a San Francisco–based investment group that specializes in financing low-income housing.
The journey has taken more than a decade, two failed bond measures, and cooperation from the private and public sectors at all levels, says Director Karen L. Hill. Cornelius struggles with poverty, high unemployment, and low education attainment levels. “It has been very difficult, and we have persevered during some times when we thought it wasn't going to happen,” Hill says.
The project's funding is a patchwork of federal and state grants, state funds, private donations, low-income housing tax credits, and private investment. The Cornelius library is part of the Washington County Cooperative Library Services, which will fund hiring additional staff after the new building opens.
Both Hill and Bienestar interim executive director Karen Shawcross say that once the library opens and seniorstake residence above, each entity will benefit from the other. One way they hope to encourage cross pollination is through building residents having access to a coffee kiosk prior to the library opening. In addition to adding AARP's free senior tax help and intergenerational video gaming, Hill hopes to develop a cadre of trained senior volunteers who will offer to deliver books to child-care centers and [provide] a story time. “We're hoping to have intergenerational, cross-cultural experiences,” Shawcross says. “We hope to overcome some of the classic incidents that you hear of isolation and build a strong community so that neighbors will supporteach other.”
Bienestar and the library seized on the potential of the library's courtyard to be more than just a space for relaxation. They sought grants to design and build a $300,000 facility suitable for outdoor performances, STEM programs, and a farmers market. Asks Shawcross, “Who wouldn't want to live above a library?”
Marta Murvosh is a teen librarian working in the Pacific Northwest. Follow her at www.facebook.com/MartaMurvosh
A fourth bomb this month went off in Austin, Texas Sunday night, March 18. Officials are speculating that this bomb is affiliated with the three other bombs that went off in the Texas capital a few weeks prior.
Authorities surmise that it is a “serial bomber” that is responsible for the bombings.
Two men were injured last night while walking on the street in a neighborhood. Citizens and residents were instructed to stay locked in their homes until officials had more information.
A tripwire on the road was set off by the men, leading officials to believe that the serial bomber is “a higher level of sophistication and skill,” said Brian Manley, the interim Austin police chief to the Washington Post.
According to officials, the three previous bombs were disguised in packages left on doorsteps, but this new tripwire gives more dimension and speculation to the situation.
There are no leads or information given about the serial bomber at this time.
They might not like OMB's approach, but a third of feds support gov't restructuring Top Story
Market Overview:
The micro servers are widely being used in data centers that consume less power without compromising on cutting-edge performance required in critical technological services. It is observed that large-scale data centers are making their presence in all parts of the world, and thus, the market for micro servers is witnessing rapid growth.
The global micro server market is segmented by component, processor, application, and organization size. The component segment is bifurcated into solutions and service. The solution segment comprise of hardware, software & service. The service is further bifurcated into consulting services, installation support services and professional services. The application segment consists of media storage, data center, data analytics, cloud computing and others. The organization size segment consists of small & medium enterprises and large enterprises.
The upcoming trend for micro server market is the rise in growth rate of infrastructure for cloud and data centers, especially in technologically developing regions, such as Asia Pacific and Western Europe. The major growth driver for micro server market is the benefits provided by micro server over the traditional large servers, such as lower power consumption, low computing power, and compact size.
According to Market Research Future Analysis, the global micro server market is estimated to generate revenue of approximately USD 67 billion by 2023 growing at a CAGR of 43%, during the forecast period of 2017-2023.
Get Sample of Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/5641
Source: MRFR Analysis
Some of the key players in the market: Hewlett Packard (U.S.), Dell (U.S.), Fujitsu (Japan), Hitachi (Japan), NEC (Japan), IBM (U.S.), Quanta (Taiwan), AMD (U.S.), Tyan (Taiwan), Acer Inc. (Taiwan), Calxeda, Inc. (U.S.), and others.
North America region accounts for high share of the global micro server market in terms of value, owing to early adoption of micro server in smartphones, display system, other electronics goods, and rapid rate of technological advancements in semiconductor industry in the region. In Asia Pacific market, enterprises in countries such as Japan and China are mostly operating in consumer goods applications, which is aiding the market growth in the region. The study indicates that the U.S. and Europe account for significant value share in the global micro server market.
Key Players
Some of the prominent players in the global micro server market: Hewlett Packard (U.S.), Dell (U.S.), Fujitsu (Japan), Hitachi (Japan), NEC (Japan), IBM (U.S.), Quanta (Taiwan), AMD (U.S.), Tyan (Taiwan), Acer Inc. (Taiwan), Calxeda, Inc. (U.S.), and others.
Segments
The global micro server market is segmented by component, processor, application, and organization size. The component segment is bifurcated into solutions and service. The solution segment comprises hardware, software, and service. The service is further segmented into consulting services, installation support services, and professional services. The application segment consists of media storage, data center, data analytics, cloud computing, and others. The organization size segment consists of small & medium enterprises and large enterprises.
Regional Analysis
The global micro server market is studied for Asia Pacific, North America, Europe, and Rest of the World. It has been observed that the market in the Asia Pacific region is anticipated to grow at the highest CAGR in the global micro server market. The presence of major semiconductor manufacturing hub in countries, such as China, Japan, and South Korea is one of the major factors boosting the micro server market in the region. Another significant reason is the rise in data traffic, owing to increase in number of mobile and tablet users.
Intended Audience
Technology Investors
Research/Consultancy firms
Technology Solution Providers
Original Equipment Manufactures
Hardware manufacturers
TABLE OF CONTENTS
1 Executive Summary
2 Scope Of The Report
2.1 Market Definition
2.2 Scope Of The Study
2.2.1 Research Objectives
2.2.2 Assumptions & Limitations
2.3 Market Structure
3 Market Research Methodology
3.1 Research Process
3.2 Secondary Research
3.3 Primary Research
3.4 Forecast Model
Get complete Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/micro-server-market-5641
About Market Research Future:
At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services.
MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions.
In order to stay updated with technology and work process of the industry, MRFR often plans & conducts meet with the industry experts and industrial visits for its research analyst members.
Contact:
Market Research Future
+1 646 845 9312
Email: sales@marketresearchfuture.com
Sleeping Beauty, Royal Spa Centre (Leamington) Until December 30, call 01926 334418 or visit www.warwickdc.gov.uk/royalspacentre
Those who got the programme for this year's Spa Centre panto will probably be glad to see that when they flick to the last few pages of the booklet that they will see that JP McCue will again be returning to the stage for the same event next year.
JP, who has appeared in the pantomime for the past five years and plays the dame again this season, gets the added kudos of having co-wrote the show this time around.
He's obviously picked up on the successful formula from previous years and the show's main strength is the double act between him and his comedy sidekick Sean Dodds - playing the Jester.
The pair is the driving force of the production and it's obvious why they keep being invited back to ply their craft with their ability to entertain and endear themselves to the full range of ages in the audience.
In regard to the story, Sleeping Beauty is a sweet and simple tale with a particularly spiteful villain in Carabosse played by Denise Pitter who was suitably sinister.
Teddy Moynihan, playing her crow-like henchman Fran, also deserves a mention for an impressive display of devious physicality which showed talents which no doubt led to him performing at the RSC.
There are plenty of traditional elements of the show to please long-time and older panto goers including audience participation, a ‘look behind you sketch', a slapstick and humorous take on The 12 Days of Christmas and a nice adaptation of Earth, Wind & Fire's 1970s disco hit September, some more contemporary attractions, songs and gags for the younger audience members and an animatronic surprise for all.
It's also well paced and has a running time so as to provide bang for you buck while not being too long for the youngest sat watching.
What's more, the show is supporting the Children's Hyperinsulism Charity as its chosen good cause for the season, which is something we can all get behind.
It's comforting to see that JP, and hopefully Sean along with him, will be returning for next year's panto at the Spa Centre and also a pleasure to report that Sleeping Beauty is a big, fun, 'slumber party' and not a snooze fest.
FUN: The main space at the Tropical Fruits New Year's Party 2015/2016.
NEON Gardens will be the of Tropical Fruits New Year's festival 2017/2018.
The theme was announced by Tropical Fruits last week, sending a thousand across the Northern Rivers, NSW and the country into a frenzy, searching the net for neon-coloured outfits.
Club Manager Hannah Rice-Hayes said the theme is set to offer a number of creative opportunities for organisers and festival goers.
"The theme invites people to come up to Lismore and get lost down a fantastic garden path and finding all sorts of different creatures, mythical and otherwise," she said.
"This year we will welcome people into the garden of fruity delights, where we will illuminate the garden and unlock the gates of a neon wonderland.
"You can come as a neon ranger, a neon fairy, a bio-luminiscent creature, a rose garden, who knows! Anything that glows and shimmers.
"It's going to be lush and 'glowy'."
The Tropical Fruits Parade 2016 officially opens the New Years Festival for the LGTBIQ+ community in the Northern Rivers. Javier Encalada
The club manager said themes are important to an event like the tropical fruits New Years Festival.
"First, it helps us remember the event but also gives us an opportunity to explore different topics and different parts of our community and our culture."
"Plus we love a good dress up!" (laughs).
Hannah Rice-Hayes said tickets will go on sale on Friday, September 1.
"Volunteering registrations open on September 1 as well, and volunteering applications are getting increasingly more competitive every year, so we encourage people to apply as early as they can," she said.
"The festival will keep the same structure because it has been working well: we will have the parade on the 29th and a show at NORPA that evening.
"The party will be held on New Year's Eve, plus the Pool Party and the Official Recovery Party on January 1.
"It's our 29th festival this year so we are bringing in new DJs and tossing around some ideas for new music spaces but nothing is set in stone."
The Dome, a new music space dedicated to trans music, will be coming back this year thanks to the support of Sydney's Ruby Dance and positive feedback from punters.
Rice-Hayes said details of the NORPA show and the rest of the details will be unveiled in October, by the time that the printed program is released and the names of the party's DJs are also announced.
Club Manager role up for grabs
The Tropical Fruit team are preparing for Fruitopia on the weekend at the Lismore Showground. Pictured from left are, Hannah Rice-Hayes, Susi St Julian, Jinky Mactal, and Thomas Churchyard. 25th August 2010. CATHY ADAMS
Hannah Rice-Hayes started off at Tropical Fruits as an administrator assistant eight years ago, and has been the club manager for the last four.
She has decided to leave the role to dedicate to other professional endeavours, and is keen to frind the rigth person to manage the club and deliver fantastic events for the Northern Rivers and the LGBITQ community.
Anyone keen to find out more about the role can visit https://tropicalfruits.org.au/
The number of predominantly Christian people killed in Nigeria by Muslim Fulani terrorists in the first six months of this year has dwarfed the fatalities carried out by the Islamic State (ISIS/ISIL)-affiliated Boko Haram, a non-governmental organization (NGO) based in the African country revealed this week.
In one weekend last month (June 23 and 24), the Fulani stormed nearly a dozen Christian-majority villages in Nigeria's Plateau state, using machetes and firearms to massacre at least 200 people, including women and children.
Referring to the Plateau incident in an article published by Nigeria's Daily Post, the NGO, known as the International Society for Civil Liberties and the Rule of Law (Intersociety), noted Monday that the fatalities from the Fulani massacre could reach 300, making it one of the deadliest by any group in Nigeria.
Intersociety explains:
The total death toll in Plateau State following the 23rd and 24th June 2018 coordinated attacks and killings in eleven villages may most likely have hit 300, from its present 250, out of which 218 bodies have been recovered and buried in mass graves. The activists on the ground said dozens of people are still missing after the head count was carried out. Those still missing are presumed to have died. This is more so when they are not among the injured and survivors.
Muslim Fulani fatalities of mainly Christians at 1,750 represent seven times the killing of 250 people attributed to Boko Haram jihadists, Intersociety shows.
Benue State is home to the highest number (600) of Fulani fatalities so far this year, trailed by Plateau (400), Taraba (250), Nasaraw (200), Southern Kaduna (100), Adamawa (100), and Kogi State (100).
The Intersociety's tally is consistent with Breitbart News's data on the Muslim holy month of Ramadan, which shows the Fulani were deadlier than Boko Haram during the 30-day period.
During the last three years, the “herdsmen,” whom some experts believe should be labeled jihadis or at least terrorists, have “killed 8,800 Christians and other non-Muslims,” the Daily Post notes.
During that period (June 2015 thru June 2018), Intersociety reports that terrorists set ablaze “not less than 1,000″ churches and other places of worship.
Daily Post quotes Comrade Emeka Umeagbalasi, the intersociety chairman, saying:
Nigeria is drifting to faith genocide through killing, maiming, burning and destruction of churches and other sacred places of worship and forceful seizure and occupation of ancestral, worshipping, farming and dwelling lands of the indigenous Christians and other indigenous religionists in Northern Nigeria. The situations have worsened with loss of lives in six months of 2018 of no fewer than 1,750 Christians and other non Muslims to terror herdsmen. No fewer than 8,800 Christians have also been targeted and killed in Nigeria in the past three years of June 2015 to June 2018.
Some U.S.-based experts, like Faith McDonnell from the Institute on Religion and Democracy (IRD), have also described the Fulani attack on Christians as genocide and the perpetrators as nothing more than “jihadis.”
Various news outlets have described the conflict as a dispute over land and other natural resources ravaged by climate change, pitting Muslim herders against Christian farmers — who have allegedly instigated the deadly tensions by stealing cattle.
Some Christian leaders have urged followers of Christ in Nigeria to defend themselves.
Critics of Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari, who reportedly shares his ethnicity with the Fulani, say the leader is downplaying and even condoning the attacks by the Muslim group.
STOCKHOLM: Sweden said Monday it had summoned Russia's ambassador for talks after Moscow suggested the Scandinavian country may have produced a deadly nerve agent to poison a former Russian spy in Britain.
Foreign ministry spokesman Per Enerud confirmed media reports that the ambassador had been summoned to a meeting to take place at the ministry on Tuesday, prompted by the allegation.
“Yes that is correct,” he told AFP.
The Kremlin made the accusation after denying allegations by London and allies that it was behind the March 4 attack on Sergei Skripal and his daughter Yulia in the English city of Salisbury.
“The most likely source of this chemical attack are the countries that, since the end of the 1990s — and currently still — have been carrying out intense research on the substances from the ‘Novichok' programme,” Russian foreign ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova said Saturday.
“These countries are Britain, Slovakia, the Czech Republic, Sweden. The question should also be raised regarding the United States.”
Swedish Foreign Minister Margot Wallstrom immediately denied the accusation on Twitter.
“Forcefully reject unacceptable and unfounded allegation by Russian MFA spokesperson that nerve agent used in Salisbury might originate in Sweden. Russia should answer UK questions instead,” she wrote on Saturday.
Czech and Slovak officials have also rejected the allegation.—AFP
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Supermarket giant Tesco plans to crack down on lone drivers using parent and child parking bays.
Though not technically illegal, the stealthy parking habit has become a longstanding bugbear of parents up and down the country.
Tesco is about to call time on the parking wars by enforcing rules for their own car parking spaces.
As you may or may not know, supermarkets can already issue fines of up to £60 for the worst offenders, as long as drivers park on store-owned land.
Here's what some of the major supermarkets had to say
Tesco
Tesco initiated a trial scheme at 81 of its stores last year, which will soon be rolled out to 200 nationwide, say the Birmingham Mail.
The store's staff will use an app to take pictures of vehicles parked in disabled bays without Blue Badges or taking up spaces designated for parents with children under 12.
The evidence collected will be sent to Horizon Parking.
There have been rumours that £25 fines could be introduced - but no official confirmation of this from Tesco.
Tesco says it is not a money-making scheme as the fines will only cover the costs plus fees.
A spokesman said: "Many disabled customers rely on our disabled parking bays, so we've introduced our self-monitoring initiative to highlight the importance of using the bays properly, making it fairer and easier for everyone to find a space."
Sainsbury's
Sainsbury's says it patrols to make sure spaces are being used as instructed - adding that the majority of their customers use parking spaces as they are intended.
The spokesperson for the retailer said: "Our parking attendants patrol the disabled and parent/child spaces.
"Most of our customers use them as intended but if they don't, they will in the first instance be asked to move and if they refuse, they'll be issued with a £60 Parking Charge Notice (fine)."
Asda
Asda said that they patrol their car parks 24 hours a day to deter irresponsible parkers.
An Asda spokesman said: "We monitor our car parks 24 hours a day and do as much as we can to prevent the misuse of disabled parking and parent and child bays.
"Any customer found to be parking in a disabled bay who doesn't have a valid blue badge or is misusing parent and child bays will receive a Parking Charge Notice.
"This is to ensure these spaces are kept available for the customers who need them the most. If customers have any questions regarding this, our colleagues in store will be more than happy to help."
Aldi
Budget retailer Aldi said that they don't have strict regulations.
A spokesman for the German discounter said: "We offer parent and child, and disabled car parking spaces at all of our standard stores across the UK. These spaces are positioned in a convenient location to allow easy access to the store.
"Although we don't enforce strict regulations, these dedicated parking spaces are honoured and appreciated by the large majority of our customers."
A version of this story appeared in the Birmingham Mail.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
His younger brother has been called up to the England squad – and Josh Pope also has the talent to be playing at a higher level than Bostik One North if he fancies it.
So says Erkan Okay, assistant manager at Soham Town Rangers, where the eldest of the goalkeeping siblings now plies his trade having previously played for Mildenhall Town and Histon.
Soham-born Nick Pope was rewarded for his performances for Burnley by last week being called into Gareth Southgate's squad for the forthcoming friendlies against Holland and Italy.
But while Nick was left twiddling his thumbs on Saturday after his side's Premier League clash against Chelsea was postponed, Josh took centre stage with a clean sheet in Soham's impressive 2-0 win at Barking.
“It's been a great week for the family,” said Okay. “Nick's call up was unbelievable news and it was well deserved. Josh has been different class for us this season too, with his saves, his organisation and his talking.
“He definitely has the ability to play at a higher level and perhaps had the chance to earlier in his career, and he's definitely better than step five, where he's been playing for the last five years or so.
“It's up to Josh how high he wants to go, but sometimes just enjoying your football and playing with your mates matters more – and he if decides to continue playing at this level than all the better for Soham as we want to build some foundations here.”
While Pope was keeping Barking out at one end, an early Lee Chaffey strike and a Tiob Adeyemi own goal after the break earned Soham a win which moves them up to 15th in Bostik One North.
“It was a great win,” Okay added. “We were superb collectively and it was a really mature approach from what is essentially a young squad. We've got a few old heads in there, but the youngsters are really developing.”
The win also moved Soham level on points with, and one place above, neighbours Mildenhall Town, whose game at AFC Hornchurch was called off. Another of their postponed games, against Brentwood Town, will now be played tomorrow night but at Aveley FC.
The good news for Mildenhall this week was the announcement of a scholarship/college programme at the club's academy for players aged 16 and over who want to pursue a football career alongside an education.
By The Associated Press
tx <
$vscores2 <
SOUTH
Florida 72, Marshall 69<
Maryville (Tenn.) 77, Huntingdon 53<
Mercer 67, UNC Asheville 56<
Miami 65, Kentucky 54<
MORE
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Set on 2.59 elevated acres, this circa-1919 Harrie Lindeberg-designed manor house in Lattingtown listed for $3.2 million might catch you in its web — literally.
On the front door of the home, a screen features a spiderweb design that forms a symbolic barrier between shelter and nature, according to an analysis by the architects Bentel and Bentel.
“There is a cricket for good luck and a butterfly for the cycle of life, rebirth and spring,” Lisa Eastman, a sales associate at Daniel Gale Sotheby's International Real Estate, says. Christina Porter is the listing agent.
Built as a summer home for First National Bank President Jackson Reynolds, original features include intricate architectural details and seven fireplaces. Lindeberg was a prolific estate builder and Stanford White protégé, who assisted on White's James L. Breese House in Southampton.
A foyer flows to a living room with a fireplace. A library has a fireplace and multiple doors to the property, which contains a central courtyard, English-style formal gardens, an in-ground, heated, gunite swimming pool, extensive patios and a dining terrace.
Elsewhere, there is a family room and a butler's pantry. The eat-in stainless-steel kitchen features white cabinets, pendant lights and a large island. A formal dining room includes a fireplace and a circular breakfast nook with a curved wall of windows.
Upstairs, the master bedroom has a full en-suite bath, a dressing room and a terrace, as well as an additional three bedrooms and two baths. The third floor has two bedrooms and a full bath.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
There is additional living space above an extended three-car garage, which has a den, a living room, an eat-in kitchen, a laundry room, two bedrooms and two full baths, Porter says.
Barnaby Joyce's body language was questionable, when a random journalist asked him questions about his paid interview, and later in question time we observed without sound.
Are they pulling the wool?
Listen to the podcast here.
http://www.2hd.com.au/wp-content/uploads/2018/05/Podcast-with-Brent-Bultitude-and-Allan-Pease-30052018.mp3
http://www.peaseinternational.com
Our VIP Weekends are all about you discovering the rest of your life!
We offer two VIP programs and strictly limit these to 30 people, so you get the opportunity to learn directly from Allan and Barbara Pease in a closed, intimate setting. And you ask them the questions that matter to you!
Weekend One: THE ANSWER
Take a deep dive into Allan and Barbara's latest and most exciting work at the “THE ANSWER”.
Over this weekend, you will discover:
• How to decide what you really want from life
• How to program your brain's RAS to achieve anything you want
• How to use affirmations and visualization for BIG results
• How to overcome obstacles, roadblocks or people in your life who may be holding you back from achieving your true potential.
In our bonus sessions, you'll learn powerful relationship and body language skills that will help you create and keep enduring and rewarding relationships with others.
If you are looking for the spark to ignite your life and
unlock your real potential, this is the weekend for you.
JOIN US: NOVEMBER 10th & 11th 2018 or call (07) 5445 5600 or email if you have questions.
Weekend Two: COMMUNICATING FOR SUCCESS
This is a powerful weekend of learning, covering topics including Face-to-Face Communication & People Skills, Body Language, Developing Powerful Relationships with the Opposite sex – and more.
Over this weekend, you'll learn:
• Why you are where you are in life and how to get to where you want to be
• How to make personal and professional relationships give you what you want
• How to live with, manage and persuade a man or a woman
• And, as a bonus you'll also learn Allan's internationally acclaimed sales and negotiation system, Questions Are The Answers, which will show you how to get to “Yes”
JOIN US: AUGUST 11th & 12th 2018 or call (07) 5445 5600 or email if you have questions.
Both THE ANSWER and COMMUNICATING FOR SUCCESS VIP Weekends are designed around you. Coaching programs can run into the tens of thousands. For an investment in yourself of $1697, our VIP Weekends are the best value coaching weekends – anywhere.
The small group size (maximum 30 people) allows flexibility and a relaxed learning environment so you can invest in valuable time out, as well as ensuring you have the opportunity to talk one-on-one with Allan and Barbara.
Your ticket includes a delicious catered lunch, tea, coffee, snacks and refreshments. It's an easy online registration or you can email us directly to organise a payment plan.
UPCOMING EVENTS:
11th & 12th August 2018 – Communicating for Success
10th & 11th November 2018 – The Answer
If you would like to register for any of our upcoming VIP events, email for more information.
email address is info@peaseinternational.com
Lincoln, Neb. — An Omaha businessman who plans to run as an independent candidate for Nebraska state treasurer is challenging state requirements that make it difficult for nonpartisan candidates to file for office.
Kent Bernbeck said Tuesday he filed the federal lawsuit to challenge the constitutionality of a law that substantially increased the number of signatures nonpartisan candidates must collect to be listed on the general election ballot. Candidates now need roughly 120,000 signatures, but the previous threshold was 4,000.
The law was introduced by Sen. John Murante, of Gretna, who is the GOP candidate for state treasurer. Bernbeck plans to run against him if the lawsuit is successful.
Bernbeck is being represented by the Voting Rights Project of the American Civil Liberties Union.
Your hosts today, Lynn, Terry, Marie-Claude, Marc (video of show at bottom)
HERE
China's icebreaker “Snow Dragon” shown in 2014 in Antarctica. China is clearly indicating it intends to be a player in all future Arctic decisions PHOTO: Jessica Fitzpatrick-AFP-Getty Images
In a move that has raised eyebrows in diplomatic and military circles, China announced publicly that it was a “near-Arctic nation” and intended to play a role in all future decisions regarding laws and development of the Arctic.
Marc speaks to Professor Rob Huebert (PhD) of the political science department of the University of Calgary and an expert in Arctic and in strategic affairs. In the excerpt Professor Huebert responds to a question about whether because of their statement China seems to agree or not with Canada's assertion of control over the Northwest Passage.
We don't think much about the farmer who provided the food we pick up at the grocery store, but it's often not an easy life.
A new study found Canadian farmers suffering from higher degrees of stress, anxiety, and depression when compared to farmers in the United Kingdom and Norway.
The study also found that 40 per cent of respondents would feel uneasy about getting professional help “because of what people might think.”
Lynn spoke with Himanshu Singh a co-founder of Do More Agriculture Foundation. an organisation created to raise awareness about mental health problems in agriculture, to break the stigma about it, and to build a community of support and resources for those who are affected.
We had a special treat this week, as Marie-Claude who also works on the French show of RCI, talks about her new column about food she's doing for them. She visited a Canadian family from Cameroon, and brought in an example of one of that country's most common dishes called Ndoleh. A very tasty treat and an interesting discovery for us.
By: Martin Schlegel
schlegelma@mnstate.edu
During last year's high school and college hockey seasons, the Fargo-Moorhead area witnessed possibly the best hockey ever.
The Moorhead Spuds battled for the Class 2A state title, losing to Grand Rapids. On the other side of the river, Fargo hosted the West Regional in the NCAA hockey tournament. The regional made history, becoming the first regional in which all three games were decided in overtime since NCAA hockey went to four regions in 2003.
A capacity crowd of over 5,000 filled Scheels Arena to watch the West Regional, and 19,109 made the trek to St. Paul to see the Spuds in the state title.
Additionally, the United States Hockey League (USHL) team, the Fargo Force, competed in the playoffs for the first time since the 2013-2014 season.
With all the interest in hockey in the Fargo-Moorhead community, it begs the question: Why isn't there a hockey program at MSUM?
The simple answer: The Western Conference Hockey Association (WCHA) and the powerhouse National Collegiate Hockey Conference (NCHC) aren't accepting new teams.
However, there was an opening in 2012, which leads to a more complicated answer.
MSUM put forth a plan to raise the necessary funds to create a hockey program. Edna Szymanski, the president at the time, believed the best way to raise this money was through private donors instead of hiking up tuition costs for students.
“She believed that if (MSUM) raised approximately $30 million, that would be an endowment,” MSUM President Anne Blackhurst said in an interview in April. “Then the interest off of that money every year could support what it would cost to add hockey.”
Blackhurst said Szymanski and others figured that amount was how much was needed to support and build a hockey program.
With the high amount of money generating interest in a bank, the university would have made roughly $300,000 in annual income. The annual income on the investment, however, would be based on the stock market – meaning MSUM would be at the mercy of the rise and fall of stocks.
“If the university lost money, (MSUM) would have had to put in additional money,” Blackhurst said. “It was not a given based on that financial model that it would have been financially sustainable.”
With those risks in mind, MSUM absolutely needed to reach $30 million to start a hockey program. If the goal was achieved, the university was set to join the WCHA to play with powerhouse teams like the University of Minnesota and the University of North Dakota.
However, the amount of money pledged by the private donors did not meet the required amount. Additionally, the most well-known teams in the WCHA were planning to start a power conference: the NCHC.
With insufficient funds and the fear of joining a less desirable conference, MSUM stopped all talks, and the possibility of Dragons hockey died.
Looking back five years later, MSUM avoided making a terrible decision. The University of North Dakota and others in the NCHC have done well, while those left behind in the WCHA continue to suffer in attendance and income because of the split.
Had hockey begun at MSUM, it's likely that this university would have lost a big chunk of money because of the lack of local rivals remaining in the WCHA.
“Once you have a team, then thinking about cutting it is, as we've observed (with UND's women hockey), that's a huge ordeal,” Blackhurst said. “If down the road you have to stop a team, you've got athletes, parents, alumni, and the community really upset by that decision.”
The university dodged a possible debacle. While a lot of people were disappointed MSUM didn't go through with hockey, other sports have gained their own momentum.
Without hockey, the football and basketball teams have had space to grow Blackhurst said.
The average attendance at football games in 2012 was 852 and has since increased to 1,615 in 2016.
Basketball is no different. Average attendance at women's and men's games both increased from 2012 by 128 and 145 fans respectively.
“In our community, there are so many athletic events to attend between NDSU, Concordia, and MSUM. There's probably only so much interest to go around,” Blackhurst said. “So this way our football and basketball teams still draw pretty good crowds.”
In the end, MSUM's decision to nix the conception of a hockey program worked well for the university, even though the interest remains.
“Athletic programs are expensive, and even though people assume big-time athletics or big programs pay for themselves, they often don't, especially at the Division II level,” Blackhurst said. “It's pretty rare for hockey, in this case, to actually bring in more than it costs to run it.”
The most recent example of this is the UND women's hockey program, which lost $1.9 million in 2016 alone despite all the support in its wake.
The NCHC and WCHA have no intentions of adding teams anytime soon, and with colleges saving money by cutting athletic programs, the absence of hockey will remain so for MSUM.
Share this: Tweet
Brady O'Hearn-Benoit, 32, of Ottawa, who was reported missing Saturday, has been found safe, Ottawa police said Saturday afternoon.
Police had earlier asked for the public's assistance in locating him.
O'Hearn-Benoit had last been seen in the area of Richmond Road and Croydon Avenue in the Lincoln Field area at about 10:30 a.m.
BOSTON (AP) — A Massachusetts governor's race candidate is shutting down a nonprofit organization that he founded that ended up on a list of U.S.-based hate groups.
Republican Scott Lively has described his Abiding Truth Ministries as pro-family, but his opposition to gay rights has landed him and his Springfield-based ministry on the Southern Poverty Law Center's list of designated hate groups.
Lively said Wednesday he still believes society should follow the Bible as the guide to sexual morality in public policy. But he says he hopes to enlist “authentically conservative homosexuals” and political liberals in his effort to shift his emphasis “to a conservationist perspective in which the natural family is recognized as the essential eco-system of humanity.”
Lively hopes to unseat Gov. Charlie Baker in the GOP primary.
Baker calls Lively's views “outrageous.”
Comments
comments
MOGADISHU, Somalia (AP) — A Somali police officer says a suicide bomber detonated an explosives-laden vehicle at a security checkpoint near Mogadishu's international airport, killing at least three people.
Capt. Mohamed Hussein says the bomb detonated Monday as security forces were searching cars at the checkpoint, a few hundred meters (yards) from the main base of the African Union peacekeeping mission.
The checkpoint is close to United Nations offices and the Peace Hotel, which is often frequented by foreigners and officials. The powerful blast blew roofs off nearby buildings.
A second blast and heavy gunfire could be heard at the checkpoint after the attack, but there were no immediate details.
The al-Qaida-linked Islamic extremist group al-Shabab, which often carries out such attacks, quickly claimed responsibility for Monday's attack through its radio arm, Andalus.
Despite being ousted from most of its key strongholds across large parts of south and central Somalia, the homegrown group continues to wage deadly attacks across the country.
Somalia's capital has seen frequent bomb attacks at hotels and military checkpoints. In July, two al-Shabab suicide bombers detonated explosives-laden cars outside the office of the U.N.'s mine-clearing agency and an army checkpoint near the African Union's main base, killing 13.
The assaults have threatened this Horn of Africa nation's attempts to rebuild from decades of chaos. The country's presidential election, a key step toward recovery, already has been delayed multiple times because of security and other concerns.
Comments
WTOP is now using Facebook as our comment platform. Need help? Email us
comments
BEDFORD COUNTY, Va. - It's a beautiful day on Smith Mountain Lake. And Larry Wood is taking it all in. At first glance, you may not notice something about Larry, but he has Parkinson's disease. His body shakes and sometimes he stumbles.
"It affected my way of life. When you retire you expect to have a good life and all of a sudden you find out it's not there," said Larry.
Larry was diagnosed with Parkinson's six years ago. When the shaking took a turn for the worse, Larry started looking for relief. After watching a video about the effects of medical marijuana on Parkinson's patients, he wanted to give it a try.
"If it would let me sleep then it would be worth it, so I did," said Larry.
He says the results were shocking.
"For 2 1/2 hours, I had relief that I hadn't had in two years," said Larry.
Relief from the constant, exhausting movement -- Larry says it was a battle between following the law and finally finding a moment of peace.
"I knew it was illegal but I was willing to do it because of the pain and suffering that I had been through and the sleepless nights that I had," said Larry.
Recent brain surgery and a little handheld device help calm the shaking, but Larry is hoping for more. He celebrated Friday as the Virginia House of Delegates unanimously approved the bill to make it easier for patients like him to get a form of medical marijuana. He hopes it's a sign that lawmakers will rethink cannabis oil as a hard drug.
"If they had one family member that had Parkinson's, they would do it. They would help them out," said Larry.
While he knows many people still have concerns about legalizing any form of marijuana, Larry is hoping to reveal the reality behind a legislative battle still growing across the country.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
A federal judge in Las Vegas on Friday will consider a motion to delay the start of next week's high profile trial of Nevada rancher Cliven Bundy and his militia associates.
In two motions filed by one of the defendants in the 2014 Bunkerville armed standoff this week, the court-appointed attorneys for militia sympathizer Ryan Payne argue that the trial should be delayed in light of Sunday's shooting rampage in Las Vegas at a country music concert that left 59 dead and almost 500 injured. They write: "It is clear that this unprecedented act of violence will prevent the defendants from having a fair trial in this city one week from now."
The second amendment and gun ownership as a form of protest more broadly has featured prominently in the federal government's cases against Cliven Bundy and the 18 other men accused of leading an armed standoff with federal agents near Bundy's ranch in 2014.
Cliven Bundy has refused to pay more than a million dollars in grazing fees to the federal government because he says he doesn't recognize the government's ownership of public lands.
Payne, who was present at the standoff and also pleaded guilty for his role in the 2016-armed occupation of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in Oregon, is asking Judge Gloria Navarro for a delay until the end of this month or move the trial to Reno. In the motion, his attorneys argue that Sunday's shooting has already prompted a broader discussion about guns "with much negative attention focused on a perceived laxity of gun laws and on persons who choose to bear and carry high-powered firearms, which is legal in Nevada."
Among other things, prosecutors in the upcoming trial will argue that the militia men were brandishing guns during the standoff, posing a clear threat to Bureau of Land Management agents who had come to round up Cliven Bundy's cattle that were grazing illegally. The Bundys and their sympathizers have maintained they were exercising their Second Amendment rights as a form of protest.
Ian Bartrum, law professor at the University of Nevada Las Vegas, says Payne's motion is consistent with the defense strategy in earlier trials about the standoff, and in the Oregon case, relying on jurors who sympathize with the men's attitudes toward the federal government and perceived federal overreach.
"I can't imagine they'd want to pick that jury or go to trial now," Bartrum says.
Even though jurors will be chosen from a broad pool across southern Nevada, it's a good bet that most will hail from the Las Vegas metropolitan area, a community that's still grieving from one of the deadliest mass shootings in American history.
Still, that hasn't seemed to have deterred the most high profile defendant in the case, Cliven Bundy himself, who in a new twist filed an objection to Payne's motion on Wednesday. In a separate court filing, his attorney Bret Whipple writes that Bundy continues to demand a speedy trial: "which has been denied for more than a year." Cliven Bundy was arrested in Oregon in February 2016 and has been detained in Nevada awaiting trial since.
The judge is expected to rule from the bench Friday on whether the trial will be delayed. If it's not, jury selection begins in Las Vegas Tuesday morning.
Updated December 11, 2017 3:48 PM
ALBANY — Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo has just days to decide the fate of a bill that pits Nassau public employee unions against the county's financial control board in a fight over wage freezes.
Cuomo, a Democrat, has until Dec. 18 to sign or veto a measure that would allow union employees to continue receiving step raises — salary hikes based on time on the job — even when county wages are frozen.
The state Assembly and Senate approved the bill in the waning days of the regular legislative session in June. It was sponsored by Assemb. Earlene Hooper (D-Hempstead) and supported by police unions and the Civil Service Employees Association.
It is opposed by the Nassau Interim Finance Authority, which declared a financial emergency in 2011 and imposed a wage freeze that wasn't lifted until 2014 for most employees. The freeze was estimated to have saved the county $230 million through the end of 2013.
Last spring, NIFA chairman Adam Barsky told lawmakers that exempting step raises from any future wage freeze would undermine the control board's ability to manage Nassau's finances.
NEW YORK (AP) — Aaron Judge hit a tying home run in the sixth inning, Aaron Hicks and Gary Sanchez went deep in the eighth and the New York Yankees rallied to beat the Mets 4-2 Monday night in the first of four Subway Series matchups this week.
Curtis Granderson and Yoenis Cespedes homered in the third inning off Luis Cessa to give the Mets a 2-0 lead at Yankee Stadium.
Sanchez started the Yankees' comeback with a sacrifice fly in the fourth against starter Rafael Montero. Two innings later, Judge hit his AL-leading 36th home run — just his sixth since the All-Star break. The ball was dropped in the right-center field bleachers by a fan wearing a Judge jersey.
Hicks, who returned last week from an oblique injury, homered against Hansel Robles (7-4) leading off the eighth, his career-best 12th of the season. Sanchez connected two batters later against Erik Goeddel. With 20 homers, Sanchez matched his total in his rookie season last year.
David Robertson (6-2) pitched a hitless eighth, and Dellin Betances finished a six-hitter for his seventh save, throwing a called third strike past Mets rookie Amed Rosario to end the game with a runner on.
Yankees manager Joe Girardi rested closer Aroldis Chapman, who took the loss after blowing a ninth-inning lead against Boston on Sunday night and threw 46 pitches over the previous three days.
With their ninth win in 13 games against the Mets, the Yankees closed within 4 1/2 games of the AL East-leading Red Sox.
The Yankees had lost two of three to Boston over the weekend. After the Subway Series, they go to Fenway Park for three games.
“I've been laughing because our rivalry week is actually 10 days long,” Girardi said.
While the Yankees weren't playing an AL East rival, the crowd had an edge for a matchup of crosstown teams.
“It's big, because one of my best friends in New York is a Mets fan and I don't want to listen to him,” Girardi said.
With the Mets out of contention and experimenting with prospects, Rosario, a 21-year-old shortstop, and 22-year-old first baseman Dominic Smith made their Subway Series debuts.
“This is as close to the playoffs as it gets,” said Mets outfielder Michael Conforto, who entered with 10 home runs in his previous 25 games. “It's that kind of atmosphere here in the Subway Series, so we're pretty fired up for it.”
Two injury-ravaged rotations led to a matchup of starting pitchers who had combined for a 1-11 record this season.
Cessa was recalled from Triple-A to start because Masahiro Tanaka is sidelined with right shoulder inflammation. The Mets acquired Cespedes from Detroit two years ago in a trade that sent Cessa to the Tigers, who later dealt him to the Yankees.
Cessa allowed five hits in 4 1/3 innings and reached 99 mph with his fastball. The right-hander left after two visits to the mound from a trainer, stretching his arm. He had discomfort behind his pitching shoulder and is scheduled for an MRI on Tuesday.
Granderson, who played for the Yankees from 2010-13, sent a low slider into the second deck in right. Cespedes reached out for a high fastball and drove it to right-center, where it ticked off the glove of a leaping Judge, hit the top of the wall and bounced over.
Sanchez's sacrifice fly traveled only 273 feet. Cespedes' throw from left was up the third-base line, and the speedy Hicks made a nice feet-first slide to the inside of the plate to evade catcher Rene Rivera.
Montero gave up five hits over six innings and is 0-4 in eight outings since winning at San Francisco on June 25.
WHIFF
Judge took a called third strike in the first inning and has fanned in 31 consecutive games, five shy of the major league record for a position player set by Adam Dunn during his last four games in 2011 and first 32 the following year.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Mets: All-Star closer Jeurys Familia, recovering from surgery in May to repair a blocked artery near his right armpit, is to make his first minor league rehabilitation appearance on Tuesday in the rookie-level Gulf Coast League. … RHP Matt Harvey (stress injury to right shoulder) will make a second rehab appearance this week, but the Mets haven't determined where. Sidelined since mid-June, Harvey threw 18 pitches in one inning for Class A Brooklyn on Saturday. “Hopefully, we can get the pitch count up,” manager Terry Collins said. … RHP Noah Syndergaard, who hasn't pitched since April 30, is to throw a bullpen session Tuesday for the first time since tearing a lat muscle.
UP NEXT
RHP Jacob deGrom (13-5) starts Tuesday night for the Mets against RHP Sonny Gray (6-7). DeGrom pitched 6 2/3 scoreless innings to win at Philadelphia on Thursday, leaving after Nick Williams lined a single off his right triceps. Gray is 0-2 since the Yankees acquired him from Oakland, losing at Cleveland and Toronto.
___
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Jennifer Lopez has a couple of little jet-setters on her hands.
Her twins, Max and Emme, were all smiles as they hopped in the cockpit of a plane, with her daughter in the pilot's seat, topping her off-white, long-sleeved top and jeans with a pilot's hat. Meanwhile, Max was right by her side, grinning as he palmed the controls in a white t-shirt and served as his sister's co-pilot.
"World Travelers since day one!! #coconuts #mybabies#takingovertheworld," Lopez captioned the shot of the adorable twosome, who is growing up so fast.
World Travelers since day one!! #coconuts #mybabies❤️ #takingovertheworld A post shared by Jennifer Lopez (@jlo) on Oct 5, 2017 at 3:37pm PDT
With a globe-trotting mom like J.Lo, it's no surprise that the 9-year-old siblings are pros when it comes to traveling as well.
Aside from pulling out their passports, Max and Emme also know how to strike a pose for the camera. Lopez's fashionista daughter even recently showed off her chops when she did a photo shoot with her mom last month (even making sure J.Lo's hair was in place during it).
Just call these two model travelers.
After soaring to $4,000 on exchange markets over the weekend, the bitcoin cryptocurrency is continuing to rise, topping a record $4,300 on Monday — nearly a thousand dollars above its rate one week ago, according to data from the Coinbase currency exchange.
Bitcoin settled back under the $4,300 mark after reaching a new high Monday morning, according to several exchanges that track the decentralized currency.
"The bitcoin market cap soared past $70 billion," says CryptoCoins News, adding that a "flippening" that has been anticipated for years in the cryptocurrency community had finally come to pass, as "bitcoin now has a greater total valuation than payment-processing behemoth PayPal."
A bitcoin could be bought for around $570 just 12 months ago — reflecting a rise of around 645 percent to today's exchange rate.
Reporting on the rise, the Coindesk site says the market capitalization of all cryptocurrencies reached a record $138 billion on Monday.
The steep ascent can be attributed to a number of factors, from political concerns to a recent split into two currencies — Bitcoin Classic and Bitcoin Cash. That change, which became official on Aug. 1, was made to give the currency a more robust infrastructure; it was also tied to a move to allow large trades in the currency to occur more frequently.
Formally introduced in 2009, bitcoin has steadily accumulated both users and investors. And blockchain, the technology that underlies bitcoin, has been embraced by both academics and banking giants such as Fidelity — which now lets customers tracks investments in cryptocurrency — and Goldman Sachs.
Other factors, such as bitcoin's role as a hedge against political uncertainty, also play a role. A finance executive tells CNBC that South Koreans have shown a "surge of interest" in the currency as the U.S. and North Korea trade threats. The network also says there's strong interest in bitcoin in Japan, with the yen accounting for 42 percent of bitcoin currency purchases.
It's been a heady summer for bitcoin holders. After the virtual currency hit a record $2,420 in May, The Economist ran a story asking, "What if the bitcoin bubble bursts?" and wondering if its rise could be compared to historic market crazes — like the one over tulips.
Noting that "Anyone clever or lucky enough to have bought $1,000 of bitcoins in July 2010, when the price stood at $0.05, would now have a stash worth $46 million," The Economist added, "Ascents this steep are rarely sustainable." — before concluding, "If there is such a thing as a healthy bubble, this is it."
CHICAGO (AP) — The Latest on the debut of bitcoin futures trading (all times local):
03:40 a.m.
Bitcoin futures have fallen back slightly from their overnight high.
At 3:40 a.m. central time (0940 GMT) on Monday, the futures contract that expires in January was trading at $17,600.
It opened at 5 p.m. CST at $15,000 and climbed as high as $18,700 in its first day of trading, according to CBOE Global Markets.
The price of a bitcoin was $16,571.03 as of 3:40 a.m. (0940 GMT), according to the bitcoin exchange Coindesk.
___
01:30 a.m.
Bitcoin futures have advanced further in overnight trading. At 1:30 a.m. central time (0730 GMT) the futures contract that expires in January was trading at $18,590. It opened at 5 p.m. CST at $15,000, according to CBOE Global Markets.
The price of a bitcoin has soared since beginning the year below $1,000, hitting a peak of more than $16,858 Dec. 7 on the bitcoin exchange Coindesk. As of 1:30 a.m. CST it was at $16,611.56 on Coindesk.
___
9:30 p.m.
Bitcoin futures are spiking in their first hours of trading.
Trading in the first-ever bitcoin futures began at 5 p.m. central time. At 9:15 CST, the futures contract that expires in January, which opened at $15,000, was trading at $18,010, according to CBOE Global Markets.
The CBOE's competitor exchange, the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, will start trading its own futures on Dec. 18.
The price of a bitcoin has soared since beginning the year below $1,000, hitting a peak of more than $16,858 Dec. 7 on the bitcoin exchange Coindesk. As of 9:10 p.m. CST, it was at $16,405.76 on Coindesk.
___
6:05 p.m.
The first-ever bitcoin futures rose in early trading. The futures rose $540 to $16,000 on the Chicago Board Options Exchange.
The traffic to the Chicago Board Options Exchange website after start of trading overwhelmed the site.
“Due to heavy traffic on our website, visitors to www.cboe.com may find that it is performing slower than usual and may at times be temporarily unavailable,” the exchange said in a statement. But it said the trading in the futures had not been disrupted.
Bitcoin is a digital currency that has exploded in popularly and volatility this year. Sunday marked the first time bitcoin futures have traded on a major U.S. exchange.
The CBOE futures do not involve actual bitcoin; they're securities that will track the price of bitcoin on Gemini, one of the larger bitcoin exchanges.
___
This story has been corrected to show that traffic to the CBOE's website, not trading on the website, slowed the site's performance.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
SANTA CLARA, Calif. (AP) — Based on Jimmy Garoppolo's first two starts, it appears the 49ers might have their next franchise quarterback.
But a new contract for the pending free agent is still at least three weeks away from being discussed, coach Kyle Shanahan said Monday.
Shanahan said he doesn't anticipate the team discussing a long-term agreement with Garoppolo until after the season.
For now, the franchise tag remains a possibility to keep the promising QB off the open market in the spring.
Advertisement
“Obviously, we're very encouraged with how these two games have been,” Shanahan said. “We'll see what happens here in the offseason when we get together and can assess everything. But I definitely don't think that's something he's thinking about at this point and it's definitely not something that I'm thinking about either.”
San Francisco improved to 2-0 in Garoppolo's starts since taking over for rookie C.J. Beathard, winning consecutive games for the first time since November 2014. His 627 yards passing in his first two starts are the most by a 49ers quarterback since the merger in 1970.
On Sunday in Houston, Garoppolo completed 20 of 33 for 334 yards with a touchdown and interception in the 49ers' 26-16 victory.
He joined Drew Brees, Ben Roethlisberger and Trevor Siemian as the only active quarterbacks to win their first four starts after going 2-0 last season while filling in for Tom Brady during his suspension.
Shanahan said he was impressed by the way Garoppolo adjusted to Houston's defense that had a noticeably different approach than the Bears in his first outing.
The Texans used more blitzes to stress San Francisco's offensive line that was missing right tackle Trent Brown, who sat with a shoulder injury.
Garoppolo was sacked twice and hit nine times in the game. He delivered passes on target throughout the game even with defenders in his face.
Dealing with pressure in a game setting is something Shanahan hasn't been able to simulate on the practice field during his brief time with the team. Garoppolo was acquired via trade in late October.
“We learn something every time we play with him. It's nice to have film, two games to go off of. It will be nice to have more. But we're still learning him, we'll continue to learn him throughout the year,” Shanahan said.
Shanahan said Brown, who missed two of the past three games with a shoulder injury, may not play Sunday against Tennessee. It was decided over the weekend that he would sit against Houston after the injury worsened since he played the previous week in Chicago.
“I have no expectations with it. Hopefully I'll get more information here in the next couple of days,” Shanahan said.
Rookie cornerback Ahkello Witherspoon, who left Sunday's game in the fourth quarter with a knee injury, had an MRI on Monday that showed no structural damage, which was better news than Shanahan was expecting.
“He'll be day to day. We'll see him when he comes in Wednesday to have an idea if he can practice, be limited or what his status will be,” Shanahan said.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
Former design boss Frank Stephenson is out at McLaren, and former Sports Series designer Rob Melville is in. Beginning with the new 720S, the British marque will usher in a new era of design, which will encompass 15 new models and derivatives before 2022, including the possibility of a P1-succeeding hypercar.
In an effort to visualize the proposed hypercar well before its debut, Cincinnati, Ohio-based design student Raleigh Haire has put together a concept worthy of wearing the McLaren badge. Though it lacks an official name, it makes up for it with stunning visual cues and performance to match – Haire says it is the "ultimate exposure hypercar," and it's hard to disagree.
The front fascia draws similarities to the Aston Martin Valkyrie with its open grille and low-sloping nose. The headlights are embedded seamlessly into the upper part of the grille, and a set of LED running lights is noticeable just underneath. The cabin, meanwhile, looks like something off a fighter jet; a glass cockpit encapsulates the driver entirely.
In the rear, many of the same design elements can be found. The engine is almost completely exposed, surrounded by a limited selection of carbon fiber body panels. If you were hoping this hypercar would come with a trunk, sorry to disappoint. Apart from rear fenders and the almost unnoticeable diffuser, the car is open to the elements, exposing a number of suspension components in the process.
If it's performance you're after, the concept comes with three different power modes. Level 1, or Alpha, delivers just 350 horsepower (260 kilowatts). Level 2, or Delta, delivers a more robust 550 hp (410 kW). While level 3, or Ultra, gives the hypercar an appropriate 900 hp (671 kW) and electronically employs all the available aerodynamics to ensure stability both on the road, and on the track. An electric motor would likely be the powertrain of choice.
If you think this concept is a little farfetched, don't discount it just yet. McLaren's proposed "Track22" business model will see continued development of two-seat sports cars exclusively until 2022, including an LT sub-brand and the proposed P1 replacement rendered here. CEO Mike Flewitt said plans will ensure the company remains "... proudly and fiercely independent by continuing to build the world's finest two-seater sports and supercars, hand-crafted by our team in Woking, England."
Source: Raleigh Haire / Behance
click to enlarge Flickr user Susanne Nilsson
Tuesday
Wednesday
Thursday
Friday
Saturday
Sunday
March seems to be going out like a lion, instead of a lamb, this go-round. If gray skies and shifting temps and Daylight Savings hangovers (still) have you groggy, fear not, there's a pop-up for that. From 'za to mezcal to special multi-course dinners featuring seasonal fare, there's plenty going on this week to keep your mind off of mercurial Mother Nature. Check out all the tasty happenings below:From 5 to 10 p.m. Dough Boyz Pizza pops up at 492. Feast on pies from Evan Romano and 492's Josh Keeler, plus pasta, porchetta, wood-fired clams, a meatball grinder, bomboloni, and more. Reservations are encouraged. Short Grain continues its Tuesday pop-up series at Edmund's Oast Brewing Co. starting at 5 p.m.Pancito & Lefty hosts a Mezcal Vago dinner from 6 to 8:30 p.m. with the Brand Ambassador from Oaxaca, Mexico Francisco Terrazas. Listen to the story of Mezcal Vago while tasting three selections of the small batch Mezcal paired with three courses from the kitchen. 2Nixons pops up at Craft Conundrum from 5:30 to 9:30 p.m.Mercantile and Mash hosts a Rosé S'il Vous Plait wine social starting at 5:30 p.m. Local jewelry designer BR Designs, will be onsite with handcrafted clay and naturally dyed wooden and leather bracelets, rings, earrings, and necklaces.The Park Cafe hosts their monthly family meal starting at 6:30 p.m. This month's theme is "throwback Thursday," so expect to feast on five courses of favorite dishes from over the years.More of a cider sipper than a beer guzzler? You're in luck — head to Cafe Craft in North Chuck for a cider and chocolate pairing featuring Carolina Apple with a caramel sea salt truffle, an IPA cider with a cinnamon truffle, pear cider with a pear truffle, and cider rose with a black raspberry truffle.Merc and Mash says you better "turnip for a pop-up you can't beet." From 6 to 9 p.m. "eat your f'n veggies" with Greg Gettles Head to goat.sheep.cow.north starting at 5:30 p.m for the holy trinity: oysters, pearls, and rose. Mother daughter team Mindy and Michelle of Lorenza Wine join the g.s.c.n. team for a "double dose of girl power." Seaborn Oyster Co. will be shucking local oysters, and McCarus Beverage will also be pouring bubbles and more rose.Chef David Schuttenberg continues his Kwei Fei residency at The Daily from 6 p.m. til midnight. Laura Alberts Tasteful Option s hosts a four course sommelier series dinner themed as a drive through Spain, France, and Italy on highway E70. Dishes will include Godello poached sea scallops with caramelized granny smith apples and a shaved Brussels sprout salad paired with Avancia Cuvee de O Godello, '16; smoked beef carpaccio with herb parmesan crostini, sauce gribiche, and toasted almonds paired with Sierra Cantabria, Rioja,'14; a mint and thyme cured Norwegian salmon with hibiscus tea broth, and pickled Maitake mushrooms paired with Clos la Coutale, Cahors Malbec '12; a coffee crusted duck confit with dried cherry demi, saffron polenta, sauteed broccoli rabe, and fried potato crisp paired with Ceretto, Barbaresco, '13; and a raisin walnut spice cake with caramelized black mission figs, and creme anglaise paired with Montresor, Acinum, Valpolicella Ripasso, '15.Put some First Name Basis 'za in your face hole at Tradesman Brewing from noon to 6 p.m. Rebel Taqueria pops up at Munkle Brewing for the first time starting at 5 p.m.Reserve a spot at the lovely Oyster Shed at Leon's for a guest chef series dinner featuring the culinary talents of Alison Roman. Dishes will be served family style, inspired by Roman's book,. Menu items range from little neck clams to turmeric roasted carrots to salted butter and chocolate chunk shortbread. The meal begins at 6 p.m.Get your late night cheesy pizza fix — The Dough Boyz sling the good stuff at Bar Mash from 9 p.m. to 1 a.m.Pop into Bay Street Biergarten with your pooch for their Puppies and Pints brunch starting at 11 a.m.The New Gullah Supper Club aims to unite people from different walks of life with Chef Kardea Brown preparing her Southern, Gullah-inspired cuisine with a contemporary twist. From 5 to 7 p.m on Edisto Island enjoy Brown's menu of a Southern smorgasboard (with think homemade pimento cheese, fruit, bread, and pickled veggies), a seafood salad roll, fried fish and chicken, and peach cobbler hand pie.While you may typically frequent Fat Hen for the Southern/French cuisine, this Sunday you can expect to tuck into some bivalves. The Hen's oyster roast starts at 5:30 p.m. with a portion of proceeds going to the St. John's High Scholarship, an organization created to benefit students of St. John's.
The system error occurred after CBA introduced an automated decision-making tool in July 2011.
The system error occurred after CBA introduced an automated decision-making tool in July 2011. Picture: WA News
Australia's biggest bank took four years to discover a programming error involving personal overdraft applications, an inquiry has heard.
Commonwealth Bank paid $180,000 in penalties in 2016 and wrote off $2.5 million in personal loan overdraft balances after a programming error affected 10,500 customers.
The system error occurred after CBA introduced an automated decision-making tool in July 2011.
Senior CBA executive Clive van Horen said the error was there from 2011 until 2015.
He said the bank had a number of controls in place that it would normally expect to identify errors.
“So yes, a number of controls in place that didn't detect it in this case until 2015,” he told the financial services royal commission on Tuesday.
Of the 145,000 personal overdrafts approved by the bank during the four-year period, 10,500 were affected by the programming error.
Mr van Horen said 9400 customers got personal overdrafts that should have been declined while 1100 received a higher overdraft limit than they should have had.
The error in the automated serviceability calculator meant the bank failed to take into consideration the declared housing and living expenses of some consumers between July 2011 and September 2015.
AAP
The crew for the third Dawson County Hero Flight was filled recently. The upcoming flight is set to depart April 26 from the Heartland Military Museum in Lexington and return late April 29. The crew will fly non-stop from Omaha to Washington DC where they will visit the various memorials, including the WWI, Korean and Vietnam Memorials and Arlington National Cemetery.
Dawson County Hero Flight (DCHF) is organized for the sole purpose of honoring American Veterans for all of their sacrifices and service above self. Our mission is to honor our veterans by flying them to Washington D.C. and enabling them to visit THEIR memorials.
During past flights, Nebraska elected officials met the crew at the U.S. Capital.
A flight was put together by a leadership class in 2009, which consisted entirely of World War II veterans.
The first flight from the current committee (Spring of 2016) included the first Vietnam veterans to be included in a Hero Flight.
The Hero Flight concept began locally in Custer County and was adopted by Dick Pierce of Miller for nearly a dozen Buffalo County flights. Mr. Pierce helped get the Dawson County effort off the ground last year.
Each flight is supported by donations, with the first flight funded completely by Dawson County citizens, businesses and civic organizations.
Each flight consists of 25 veterans and their escorts. The escorts are required to by a small fee but everything else is paid for through the donations.
Veterans chosen for the current flight are:
Cozad – Charles Bean, Peter Seberger, Delbert Brock, Walt Snyder, Wendell Lawhead, Chauncey Bates and Robert Richards.
Gothenburg – Dale Block
Johnson Lake – Mel Divas
Lexington – Deb Brock, Bob Hagan, Sidney Andersen, Eldon Wheeler, Don Mins, Charles Hueftle, David Jewett, Bob Anderson, Dale Biehl, Terry Geiser, Don Cloyd and Ken Graus.
Overton – Rodney Swanson and Tony Hoos
Sumner – Richard Ibach
Stratton – Art Hawkinson
In all, the crew consists of eight Korean War veterans and 17 Vietnam veterans. Four services are represented – five Air Forces, 11 Army, eight Navies and one National Guardsman.
A business after hours is scheduled for early April to raise funds for this and possible additional flights.
More details will be released at a later date.
New Delhi: Looks like Halloween has come early this year after a creepy video of a doll sitting on what appears to be a tombstone at a cemetery has gone viral.
The video shows the Chucky-like doll with vampire fangs, dressed in all white and sitting right next to a baby bottle filled with red liquid that looks like blood.
What's creepy is that the dolls eyes follow the camera as it moves from side to side, which makes it look alive.
The eerie footage of the doll went viral as soon as it hit the social media platforms, receiving over 341,000 views in just four days.
The video was reportedly recorded by a woman in Brazil and has since appeared in Mexican media. Users on social media were spooked out by the video, with one commenter calling it the "Doll of the Devil."
Local media outlets in Mexico compared the eerie doll to Chucky, the fictional serial killer doll from the Child's Play series of Hollywood films.
Check out the video below:
TCU coach Gary Patterson sent out a tweet last week that was unlike his usual offerings.
Normally on game weeks, he sends out a “Calling All Frogs” notice.
Last week, it was downright cryptic: “We will all have good days and not as good of days but one part that will never change is what we always say ‘Go Frogs'!”
We will all have good days and not as good of days but one part that will never change is what we always say "Go Frogs"! — Gary Patterson (@TCUCoachP) October 26, 2017
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access. SUBSCRIBE NOW
Hmm.
But there was no problem or injury or anything unannounced behind the scenes.
Instead, it was just a feeling Patterson had. He explained at his midweek press conference on Tuesday.
“I didn't feel very easy about our mind-set going to Iowa State,” Patterson said. “That didn't mean we didn't try to win it. But you've got to get ready to go. And it's hard for a team to do that all year. There was going to be one game.”
TCU committed 11 penalties, including a season-high five holding penalties, and did not score a touchdown on offense in a 14-7 loss at Iowa State.
Patterson said he had noticed a lack of attention to detail last week.
“And a lot of it is just, you're tired,” he said. “You come off a game where everything goes right and then you go into a ballgame — which is not uncommon — where everything goes wrong. We really haven't had any easy games besides Jackson State this year. It's a pretty common thing, especially with younger players.”
But Patterson said that wasn't the entire story of why TCU lost.
“Iowa State got after us,” he said. “They did a nice job. They had some good players. I would not take anything away from Coach Campbell. Just like I said after the game, I would give him respect for the job that they've done.”
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Police have rejected a scheme to protect cyclists from dangerous drivers because of narrow city streets, sparking outrage among cycling campaigners.
Cambridgeshire police said ‘Operation Close Pass' - whereby undercover officers on bicycles collar motorists driving too close - was not “practical” in Cambridge due to a lack of road space.
But the decision has infuriated cycling campaigners, who say police are prioritising the convenience of motorists over the safety of “vulnerable” road users.
A spokesman for Camcycle, a Cambridge campaign group, said they were “beyond disappointed” in Cambridgeshire police.
“We are angry that they are apparently advising drivers that it is okay to pass closely because maintaining the speed and flow of motor traffic is more important than the safety of vulnerable road users,” the spokesman said.
How 'Operation Close Pass' works
The technique was developed by West Midlands Police and has reportedly led to a 20 per cent reduction in cyclists killed or seriously injured on roads in the region since it was adopted in 2016.
Plainclothes officers on bikes radio ahead to a police vehicle when a ‘close pass' offender skims past them.
Drivers are then stopped and offered road-side educational input on safe overtaking, but repeat offenders can be prosecuted.
A number of police forces across the country have adopted the novel way of catching out motorists who don't leave a safe space when passing cyclists.
In November last year, Cambridgeshire Police and Crime Commissioner Jason Ablewhite said he would “fully support” the initiative.
And Sergeant Ian Manley, from Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire and Hertfordshire Road Policing Unit, said the force was “interested in exploring” how it could implement the scheme.
But Cambridgeshire police has now revealed it will not take up such an operation.
Casualty reduction officer Jon Morris said: “Cyclists are vulnerable road users and it's important that we are doing all we can to make the roads safer for everyone but at this time we don't believe Operation Close Pass in its current format is practical in Cambridge.”
According to Mr Morris, the average road is 3.5 metres from the kerb to the white lines in the middle of the road.
Cyclists are advised to cycle 0.75 metres away from the kerb, while the average car is about two metres wide.
As Operation Close Pass recommends drivers leave about 1.5 metres when passing a cyclist, Mr Morris said this would mean drivers had to move into the opposite lane to overtake.
He added: “For Cambridge city where roads are narrower and often very congested we would be potentially forcing motorists to drive at the speed of cyclists when there isn't the recommended space to overtake.”
National campaign group Cycling UK and Camcycle said the police's position contradicted the Highway Code, which states that a motorist must “give vulnerable road users at least as much space as you would a car”.
Sam Jones, campaign coordinator at Cycling UK, said: “We would urge Cambridgeshire police to rethink their position, as clearly in a congested city like Cambridge, close passes are a problem, and need to be addressed if they are serious about keeping cyclists safe.”
In the face of the decision, Camcycle recommended cyclists ride in the centre of the lane on narrow streets to prevent dangerous overtakes.
Al Storer, trustee of Camcycle, said data on website Cyclestreets showed that most cycle fatalities and serious injuries in Cambridgeshire happened outside the city.
He said: “From personal experience it is very common when cycling on country roads to be passed at high speed very closely by drivers, even though there is usually nothing coming the other way and plenty of width to the road.
“It is this sort of driving that can very easily kill and the sort of behaviour that West Midlands Police have been successfully targeting."
You can keep up to date with all the latest news in and around Cambridge by downloading our free app. It is available for the iPhone and iPad from Apple's App Store , or the Android version can be downloaded from Google Play .
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
We all know how expensive Cambridge is- and restaurants are no exception. If you want fine dining in the city, chances are you'll be setting yourself back a significant amount of your paycheck just to grab a bite to eat.
Luckily, we've put together this handy guide of the cost effective restaurants, so if you want to eat out in Cambridge, these are the best places to go to that won't burn a hole in your wallet- and still give you a tasty meal.
Tradizioni
Armed with a TripAdvisor "Certificate of Excellence", and named one of the ten best restaurants in Cambridge by users of the site, Tradizioni (located in Mill Road) can easily stake a claim as the city's best Italian restaurant.
Starters at the restaurant begin from £2.50, while main courses start from £6 for pizza and £8 for pasta, and can include a range of vegetarian/vegan friendly options. Click here to find out more.
Aromi
Tradizioni is far from being the only fantastic Italian eatery for those on a budget. Aromi, which has three separate locations across the city, has one of the city's most glowing Trip Advisor ratings when it comes to value for money.
After all, the Sicilian café has a range of freshly baked pizzas authentic to the Italian region, as well as a range of mouth watering artisan gelato flavours.
For more information, click here.
Café Blue Sage
Heading back to Mill Road, Café Blue Sage offers a vast array of Mediterranean and Turkish dishes, all tasty and bursting with flavour.
Reviewers on TripAdvisor have dubbed it a "hidden gem", with friendly staff who offer the best service imaginable. The café doesn't have a website, but you can find it over at 198 Mill Road, CB1 3NF.
Corner House Pub
Another hidden dining gem in Cambridge, the Corner House pub is renowned in the local area for the fantastic, eclectic line-up of live music. But the delicious, cost effective menu deserves equal credit- offering classic pub food at a reasonable price.
Everything from roast dinners to light bites (ranging from sausages and mash to a Portobello mushroom stack) are available for your consumption. To browse the full menu, and take a peak at the events coming up at the Corner House, click here.
The Urban Shed
Finally, something a little different. The Urban Shed is a fantastic sandwich bar with an extensive menu that incorporates vegan and vegetarian options, in addition to a sizeable selection of meaty treats.
With a range of breakfast options and deserts that are utterly scrumptious, The Urban Shed is well worth a visit. Click here to find out more.
What are your favourite cheap dining spots in Cambridge?
New Delhi: The number of telephone subscribers in India increased from 1,204.98 million at the end of May 2017 to 1,210.84 million at the end of June, showing a monthly growth rate of 0.49 per cent.
The urban subscription increased from 697.06 million at the end of May 2017 to 700.96 million at the end of June 2017, and the rural subscription also increased from 507.92 million to 509.88 million during the same period, according to data released by the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI) on Monday.
The monthly growth rates of urban and rural subscription were 0.56 per cent and 0.39 per cent, respectively, during the month of June.
The overall tele-density in India increased from 93.61 at the end of May to 93.98 at the end of June.
The total wireless subscribers (GSM, CDMA and LTE) increased from 1,180.82 million at the end of May to 1,186.84 million at the end of June, thereby registering a monthly growth rate of 0.51 per cent, the data showed.
Wireline subscribers declined from 24.16 million at the end of May to 24 million at the end of June.
During the month of June, a total of 5.88 million requests were received for mobile number portability (MNP). With this, the cumulative MNP requests increased from 283.09 million at the end of May to 288.97 million at the end of June, since the implementation of MNP.
Dean Middlebrook pleaded guilty in Maroochydore District Court to a series of horrifying acts of domestic violence.
Dean Middlebrook pleaded guilty in Maroochydore District Court to a series of horrifying acts of domestic violence. Contributed
A MAN who subjected his former partner to horrific abuse, including shoving a hose down her throat, has said he was motivated by love in a letter to the court.
Dean Middlebrook's family filled half the gallery of the Maroochydore District Court in support of him as he pleaded guilty to a series of domestic violence incidents between April 2016 and March 2017.
During the most serious act in February 2017, the victim went to Middlebrook's home while he wasn't there to pick some of her things with her ex-partner.
While they were there, Middlebrook, 49, returned and began verbally abusing the two of them, so the woman's ex left.
Middlebrook then punched the woman in the face, kicked her twice in the back and spat on her face before he took her car keys and stole $100 from her car.
As the woman screamed for help, Middlebrook grabbed her by the throat, dragged her over to a garden hose and began spraying her with water.
He then shoved the hose down her throat while it was turned on and laughed as he kept taking it in and out.
Middlebrook told her he wanted to talk, but when she cried for help again he kicked her in the groin.
The woman managed to get away and reported the incident to police.
In a letter Middlebrook sent the woman the following month, he told her he would love her until she died and that he would kill himself before he went to prison.
Middlebrook was facing 15 charges including three counts of choking, suffocation or strangulation in a domestic relationship, two counts of assault occasioning bodily harm while armed and one count of stealing.
He also pleaded guilty to breaching a domestic violence order four times.
During other acts of violence, Middlebrook hit the woman in the face and lifted her up by the throat until her feet were off the floor.
He was arrested in March last year and has been in custody since.
Middlebrook's lawyer, Joshua Jones told the court his client didn't have the skills to deal with his victim's alcohol problems and had never been violent in previous relationships.
Judge John Robertson said in a letter to him, Middlebrook had shown a "sense of self entitlement" and indicated the violence rose out of "love clouding judgement".
Middlebrook was ordered to a head sentence of three years, with the term to be suspended after 378 days, which he has already served.
The sentence will be active for an operational period of four years.
click to enlarge Rhett Thurman
"Incandescence" is one of the pieces up for auction.
Art lovers, great news! Charleston is getting an early taste of Spoleto Festival USA's 41st season. The Spoleto Festival Annual Auction will take place Fri. Feb. 24 in The Cedar Room at the Cigar Factory to support the Spoleto Festival USA Orchestra, one of the country's most prestigious ensembles of young musicians. Tickets to the event are $225 ($3,000 for a table of 10), but you can get a free sneak peek of the auction items starting this Thurs. Feb. 16 at Fritz Porter from 6-8 p.m.Fritz Porter (also located in the old Cigar Factory) will showcase a selection of 23 pieces of art up for grabs from Thursday until the following Friday. The art available in this year's silent and live auctions includes work by artists such as Lizzie Gill, John Acorn, Rhett Thurman, Kate Hooray Osmond, and Mallory Page.Now, if you are in fact attending the auction, you can look forward to a cocktail reception, dinner, live auction, and live music performed by local singer/songwriter McKenzie Eddy. While the auction emphasizes the large number of available works created by visual artists, those attending the event will also have the chance to bid on luxurious trips, dinners prepared by award-winning chef Mike Lata of FIG and The Ordinary, and a post-Festival-performance meet-and-greet with bluegrass band Della Mae.As the proceeds of the event will benefit the Spoleto Festival USA Orchestra, guests may also sponsor a member of the Orchestra for their residency during the 2017 season. Learn more here.
ISLAMABAD: A three member bench of Supreme Court headed by Chief Justice Mian Saqib Nisar has directed Federal Investigation Agency to bust the groups involved in women trafficking.
The bench was hearing a case pertaining to trafficking of women to Afghanistan.
On the occasion, the Director General FIA informed the court about the steps being taken for recovery of women trafficked to Afghanistan.
Hearing a case regarding construction of Grand Hayat Tower in the federal capital, the Chief Justice wondered how the luxury apartments were constructed on the land allotted for some other purpose. He said we will eliminate corruption and fraud.
In another case, the apex court directed all the universities to verify degrees of lawyers in a period of one month.
PRESCOTT, Ariz. (AP) - Authorities in Prescott, Arizona, say a single-engine plane reportedly running low on fuel crashed while making an emergency landing on a street, injuring the three people involved.
Police say the pilot and two passengers in the plane when it crashed Tuesday night were hospitalized for non-life-threatening injuries. Their identities were not released and no additional information about their injuries was immediately available.
The plane crashed about 7 miles (11 kilometers) short of the Prescott airport. The flight from the Los Angeles area was heading to Prescott.
Police say the plane had a wing shorn off and rolled onto its roof, possibly after striking a light pole.
Police also say there were no injuries when a vehicle rear-ended a car that stopped to avoid the plane.
© Stefan Rousseau / Reuters
The Queen is planning to abdicate, ceding her crown to her eldest son, Prince Charles, who will become king in all but name, palace sources have reportedly said.At the age of 21, when she became Queen, Elizabeth II vowed never to renounce her title and stay "devoted to the service of the great imperial family to which we all belong.""I have spoken to a number of high-ranking courtiers who made it clear that preparations for a transition are moving ahead at pace," Daily Mail royal commentator Robert Jobson reports."They have all confirmed that a Regency with Charles taking the lead is now, at the very least, a real possibility."According to the Mail, one former senior member of the Royal Household said Her Majesty wants to do "everything she can" for her country before she departs."She is dutiful to her core."Her Majesty is mindful of her age and wants to make sure when the time comes, the transition of the Crown is seamless.The Prince of Wales has already represented his mother at some royal engagements.He carried out foreign trips to the Commonwealth States of New Zealand and Australia, and earlier this year he went to Canada to mark that country's 150th anniversary, and to the Persian Gulf, where he was effectively treated as king.He is set to take on many more of his mother's engagements as the Queen scales back."As ever, the Queen wants there to be the minimum of fuss," said the former member of the Royal Household."Of course, for obvious reasons, abdication is not even a consideration."It is common knowledge that Charles has coveted the throne for decades. However, there have been concerns he may break the royal tradition of political neutrality and overstep the constitutional restraints placed on the British monarchy by attempting to influence the business of government.Even as prince, he is known to have written to MPs and ministers sharing his views on the environment, agriculture and medicine, in what the press dubbed the 'black spider memos' - a reference to his distinctive handwriting.
ORLANDO, Fla. — Teenage star Christian Pulisic scored with a brilliant touch to complete a field-length attack just eight minutes in, then split the defence with a pass that set up Jozy Altidore for the first of the forward's two goals and put the United States back on track for next year's World Cup with a 4-0 rout of Panama on Friday night.
Pulisic fed Altidore for a 2-0 lead in the 19th. Altidore converted a penalty kick with a chip in the 43rd after Bobby Wood was fouled, and Wood added a goal in the 63rd.
The U.S. ended a three-match winless streak in qualifying and with 12 points and moved two points ahead of Panama into third place — the last automatic berth — in the North and Central American and Caribbean region. Honduras has nine points going into its match Saturday at Costa Rica, which is second with 15.
Goal difference means the Americans put themselves in great shape to reach an eighth straight World Cup, almost certainly with a win Tuesday at Trinidad and Tobago and likely with a draw if Honduras fails to win Saturday. The U.S. is plus-five to minus-two for Panama and minus-seven for Honduras.
The region's fourth-place team advances to a playoff next month against Australia or Syria.
"We could have finished better on the day and scored more goals," U.S. coach Bruce Arena said.
Playing his first international match since he turned 19 last month, Pulisic was moved to central midfield from the flanks by coach Bruce Arena and sparked the attack from the opening whistle with pace and ball control seldom seen from Americans.
After Gabriel Gomez broke free from Omar Gonzalez and shot over the crossbar, Tim Howard's goal kick was headed forward by Bobby Wood about 10 yards past midfield.
Altidore one-timed the ball ahead to on a sprinting Pulisic, and the midfielder reached back with his left leg to flick the ball ahead. Pulisic jumped to avoid Roman Torres' challenge and used the outside of his right foot to play the ball forward. As goalkeeper Jaime Penedo came off his line, Pulisic used the outside of his right foot again to play the ball wide and jumped over Pinedo's outstretched arm. At the edge of the 6-yard box and just 2 yards from the endline, Pulisic reached with his right foot to slot the ball in, completing a 112-yard U.S. move. Pulisic tumbled over as the ball rolled in for his eighth goal in 19 international appearances, his fourth in the hex.
Pulisic created the second goal when he played the ball between his feet and faked Michael Murillo on the left flank Pulisic broke ahead and fed Altidore, who split the centre backs and redirected the ball in from 5 yards for his first goal of the hexagonal. At that point, Pulisic had played a part in 11 of the Americans' 14 goals in the hex.
© AP Photo/Themba Hadebe
Researchers in South Africa have unveiled what they call "by far the most complete skeleton of a human ancestor older than 1.5 million years ever found."The University of the Witwatersrand displayed the virtually complete Australopithecus fossil on Wednesday.The skeleton dates back 3.6 million years. Its discovery is expected to help researchers better understand the human ancestor's appearance and movement. The researchers sayThe skeleton, dubbed Little Foot, was discovered in the Sterkfontein caves, about 40 kilometres northwest of Johannesburg when small foot bones were found in rock blasted by miners.Professor Ron Clarke and his assistants found the fossils and spent years to excavate, clean, analyse and reconstruct the skeleton.The discovery is a source of pride for Africans, said Robert Blumenschine, chief scientist with the organisation that funded the excavation, the Paleontological Scientific Trust (PAST)."Not only is Africa the storehouse of the ancient fossil heritage for people the world over, it was also the wellspring of everything that makes us human, including our technological prowess, our artistic ability and our supreme intellect," said Blumenschine.Adam Habib, Vice-Chancellor of the University of Witswatersrand, hailed the assembly of the full skeleton."This is a landmark achievement for the global scientific community and South Africa's heritage," said Habib. "It is through important discoveries like Little Foot that we obtain a glimpse into our past which helps us to better understand our common humanity."
ALEXANDRIA, Va. (AP) — First came the ping of baseball bats, a familiar sound of the leafy neighborhood's morning. Then the crack of gunfire, which isn't.
It started with a single pop, which for a split second was not alarming to the Republican members of Congress who had gathered for a final practice before a charity baseball game with Democrats this week. As one lawmaker would later note, it could have been a car backfiring.
Then, after a pause, the gunshots came in quick succession and the horror unfolded in the Del Ray neighborhood of Alexandria, home to many federal workers, lawyers and lobbyists who commute across the river to Washington.
Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana, two Capitol police officers, a lobbyist and a legislative aide were wounded as lawmakers, some fighting back tears, sought to understand what had happened and why. In a hail of bullets, police killed the gunman.
“You never expect a baseball field in America to feel like being back in a combat zone in Iraq,” said Ohio Rep. Brad Wenstrup, an Army reservist who served as a combat surgeon in Iraq and was on the field Wednesday when the shooting began. “But this morning it did.”
They had gathered on this muggy morning, trading suits and ties for sneakers and baseball caps, to practice for Thursday's annual left-right match-up, a friendly Democratic-Republican rivalry for charity in a capital otherwise poisonous in its partisanship.
Alabama Rep. Mo Brooks had bicycled nine miles to make the 6:30 a.m. start. More than 20 Republican members from the House and Senate showed up.
The baseball park, home to the T.C. Williams High School Titans, sits in a lively part of Alexandria. On weekdays, locals head off to work and school. People come and go at the nearby YMCA. Homeowners stroll the sidewalks, walking their dogs.
So it hardly seemed unusual when a man approached Rep. Jeff Duncan of South Carolina in the baseball field parking lot.
His question was pointed: “‘Excuse me sir, who's practicing today? Democrats or Republicans?'” Duncan recalled. “And I said it's the Republican team. He said, ‘OK, thanks' and turned around.” Duncan then left, saying later, “It was the guy they've identified as the shooter.”
Rep. Steve Pearce of New Mexico was taking swings in the batting cage along the first base side when he noticed a bystander near the third base dugout. Within seconds, as Pearce left the batting cage and headed toward the dugout, the shooting started. “I saw the shooter clearly with his rifle, aimed and shooting around one corner of a building,” he said in a video statement.
Chaos ensued. Lawmakers dove for cover. Gravel bounced as shots hit the ground.
From inside Swing's coffee shop directly across from the field, manager Jon “Scott” Mosel described the popping of gunfire. “Then a wave of players frantically running. It was absolutely frantic. We didn't know if they were being chased.” The players ran from the first base side of the field across a basketball court and either jumped a fence into a nearby dog park or ran up the hill and crossed the street toward the coffee shop, he said.
Brooks hit the ground with a few others behind the batting cage, but quickly realized that didn't provide much cover. The gunman wasn't spraying bullets but rather taking aim, so there was a “little bit of time between shots.” He quickly ran with some others to the first base dugout and tried to hide, lying belly-down in the dirt.
Scalise, the third-ranking Republican in the House, was fielding balls on second base when a gunshot crumpled him, Arizona Sen. Jeff Flake said. The 51-year-old Scalise, serving his fifth congressional term, dragged himself 10 to 15 yards into the outfield to try to get away, Flake said, leaving a bloody trail.
Marty LaVor, a retired Capitol Hill worker, was taking pictures by first base when he saw a man holding a rifle behind a chain-link fence by third base. LaVor saw Scalise go down, then a Capitol police officer.
“Almost within an instant, and I don't remember the time, somebody said ‘Get in the dugout.' And they said it with such authority. You remember when you were a kid, and your parents said something? This was that sound.”
LaVor got in the dugout.
The 911 call went out at 7:09 a.m. To those in the line of fire, it seemed an eternity before city police arrived, but in reality it took just three minutes.
Three officers from the Capitol Hill force were on the scene, two of them assigned to Scalise because of his position in House leadership. When they opened fire, Brooks said, they were so close that he initially feared a second shooter was involved. Brooks said the Capitol officers were armed only with pistols, and “taking on a guy with a rifle from 90-120 feet away. It wasn't a fair fight.”
Three hours after the attack, Brooks still wore a batting glove, with dirt from lying face-first in the dugout still smeared across his navy blue T-shirt, as he and other lawmakers at the scene described the attack to the AP.
Katie Filous, an attorney who was walking her dogs near the field, dropped to the ground when she heard “a lot of shots.” A uniformed officer got out of a car, drew a handgun and shouted something to the assailant, she said. She saw the officer get hit with a bullet, and later evacuated by helicopter.
Congress members helped apply a tourniquet to the injured leg of Zachary Barth, legislative correspondent for Rep. Roger Williams of Texas, as the shooting continued. Scalise, too, was attended to by his colleagues on the field.
Falisa Peoples, who teaches an exercise class at the YMCA, was walking to her car when she saw a man in shorts and a T-shirt firing. She thought at first it was a drill or a paintball game.
“He was very calm,” she said. “He was just walking and shooting as if it was just like he was practicing.” She recalled no other noise until she heard a police officer command, “Get down!” Peoples dropped her belongings and ran back to the Y, banging on the side door until someone let her in.
Rep. Chuck Fleischmann of Tennessee passed the shooter on his way into the dugout to hide. “He decided not to shoot me,” he would later tell CNN. “The fear factor was horrific. There was blood all over, it was horrible.” He said if the gunman had come after them in the dugout, “we would have been sitting ducks.”
It was over in a matter of minutes. At least 70 shots could be heard in a video. Members of Congress credited the Capitol police officers with shooting the gunman, though authorities did not immediately confirm who shot him. He died in the hospital.
Scalise underwent surgery for a wound to the hip, and was in critical condition. Matt Mika, the lobbyist and a former congressional aide, was also in critical condition, with multiple wounds. Special Agents David Bailey and Crystal Griner of the U.S. Capitol Police, as well as Barth, were expected to recover fully.
The attacker was identified as James T. Hodgkinson, a Belleville, Illinois, home inspector who is thought to have been in Alexandria since March, with no work, living in his white cargo van and frequenting the YMCA next to the field.
He had a history of arrests, including for resisting police and drunken driving, and of speaking out against Republicans. Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders said on the Senate floor that Hodgkinson apparently was a volunteer for his campaign last year.
Hours after the attack, the field was surrounded by crime scene tape and still set for batting practice. A mobile backstop curved behind home plate, near metal bats. A crate full of baseballs sat near the pitcher's mound, and balls were scattered on the field among medical bags and supplies. Behind first base, next to a large medical bag, sat a single baseball shoe.
Off the field on the first base side, a medical gurney.
___
Associated Press writers Chad Day, Matthew Barakat, Kevin Freking, Michael Biesecker, Ben Finley and Erica Werner contributed to this report. Woodward reported from Washington.
3:16 Mac Attack says Romo looked good but Dak earned this Pause
2:01 Winter weather forecast for North Texas
1:24 Tony Romo says he showed he can be the same guy
1:08 Man opens fire at DC pizzeria over fake news story
2:07 Are the Dallas Cowboys still America's Team?
1:35 Police Athletic League starts boxing program
1:12 Man's best friend also becomes man's best colleague
0:26 TRE train kills woman who fell onto tracks
1:01 Fuel City opening in Haltom City
Brodan Aylott took his own life on Mother's Day this year.
Brodan Aylott took his own life on Mother's Day this year.
ON THE surface, Brodan Aylott had it all.
But underneath, the 24-year-old was hiding a secret from his girlfriend and family about his financial situation. A debt so big, the stress became too much.
On Mother's Day this year, the bricklayer - who owned his own business and home by the age of 22 - took his own life.
At 21 he was running a successful bricklaying business.
Appearing on Channel 9's A Current Affair, his heartbroken mother Traci Robertson said her son was so desperate to keep on top of bills, he worked with a broken collarbone just to pay his staff.
"I think it was such a large amount and so much money he was owing to his workers and debts that he just felt there was no way out," she said.
"His partner would say to him, what's wrong, she could feel something was wrong, and he would say I don't want to talk about it, leave it alone.
"He didn't want to be seen as a failure. He wanted people to be proud of him."
Brodan was owed more than $100,000 by a Sydney builder for a job.
Ms Robertson said her son didn't open up about his struggles because of the "macho" culture within tradesmen, but hopes his story encourages other to speak of their demons.
"Men don't like to show their emotions anyway and therefore if they're struggling, they'd rather not share the problems and issues that are happening in their lives," she said.
"It's just such a big issue at the moment and it's going to get worse."
Brodan's partner Brooke never knew what her partner was going through.
Over a five-year period from 2012 to 2016, the average number of suicide deaths per year was 2795. In 2015, the overall suicide rate in 2015 was 12.6 per 100,000 in Australia. This is the highest rate in 10-plus years.
According to Lifeline, deaths by suicide in Australia occur among males at a rate three times greater than that for females. However, during the past decade, there has been an increase in suicide deaths by females.
In an interview with news.com.au in November last year, Jorgen Gullstrup, CEO of Mates in Construction (which focuses on helping men in the industry), said that mental health issues tend to result from "accumulations of what happened at home and what happened at work and all of it … so it's not that easy to say it happened because of this or because of that".
Brodan Aylott had his own bricklaying business by 21.
While it is therefore hard to put a finger on a simple cause of suicide, one helpful theory lists three conditions, which are all present for construction workers.
"One of them is a torn sense of belonging, they might not feel that people don't still love them but they feel they don't belong to anyone and they're disconnected," Mr Gullstrup said.
"The second thing is that people start feeling they're a burden to others and the third thing is that people have the ability to actually do self harm.
"When you look at the construction industry and the challenging conditions we often work under, it doesn't do much for good connections. The industry is an industry where we work six-day weeks, we work very long hours. We often work away from home. We work for small business generally and very often with very low job security. For a construction worker, eight hours' notice is job security … If you then on top of that lose your job then it's not that hard to feel that you are actually a burden to your family.
Brodan with his girlfriend Brooke.
"Construction workers are very practical people, we are problem solvers, which means the act of suicide is well within our means, it's well within what we can do," he said.
"So we have all three risk factors."
In addition, these workers are often in the highest risk social categories too - male, with lower levels of formal schooling - and indeed, it is builders, labourers and operators who are at a highly elevated risk of suicide, while the rate among tradies is slightly below average.
- with Emma Reynolds
DO YOU, OR SOMEONE YOU KNOW, NEED HELP?
• Lifeline on 13 11 14 or the Suicide Call Back Service 1300 659 467 for 24-hour Australian counselling services.
• Beyondblue (1300 22 4636) for 24-hour phone support, online chat, resources and apps.
• Mindout for mental health and suicide support for lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and intersex (LGBTI) people.
• Kids Helpline 1800 55 1800 - free confidential 24-hour counselling for young people aged five to 18.
• Headspace offers online counselling for young people aged 12-25 and ReachOut has online forums, chat and information about youth mental health.
New Delhi: Actor Kunal Kapoor, who will next be seen in Gold, says his co-star Akshay Kumar takes his work seriously, but not his stardom.
Talking about Gold, Kunal told IANS over an e-mail interaction from Mumbai: "Everybody knows it's about the first Indian Hockey team that won Gold at the Olympics and it's a really amazing and powerful story.
"It is wonderful working with Akshay and what I find amazing about him, which I have said before is that he is somebody that does take his work seriously but doesn't take his stardom seriously."
Kunal, whose crowd funding platform Ketto collaborated with BookASmile, the charity initiative of BookMyShow, says that it is fun to work Akshay.
"He is very easy to work with and he is also somebody I have a great amount of admiration for because he is somebody who has constantly reinvented the way. You know he was somebody who started as an action hero, then he was somebody who was associated with comedy films, now he has changed that and is associated with content that is socially relevant," he added.
Kunal said that he cannot think of many other actors who have reinvented themselves like Akshay has.
"So, I have a lot of respect for that, for what he does and what he has achieved," he added.
Produced by Ritesh Sidhwani and Farhan Akhtar under the banner name Excel Entertainment, Gold is directed by Reema Kagti and will hit the theatres on August 15.
China's government accused the Trump administration of hurting its credibility by acting erratically on trade and vowed Wednesday to fight back if Washington goes ahead with a threatened tariff hike.
A foreign ministry spokeswoman complained the U.S. decision to renew a threat to raise duties on a $50 billion list of Chinese goods conflicts with an agreement in mid-May aimed at settling that dispute. Treasury Steven Mnuchin said then that the conflict was “on hold” after Beijing promised to buy more U.S. goods to help narrow its multibillion-dollar trade surplus with the United States.
The spokeswoman, Hua Chunying, declined to say whether Tuesday's announcement might disrupt plans for Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross to visit Beijing for talks starting Saturday. The Commerce Ministry didn't respond to questions about the status of the meeting, but the American Embassy said a delegation of trade, agriculture and treasury officials had arrived in the Chinese capital to make preparations.
Hua gave no indication of whether Beijing planned to act on its own threat to retaliate by raising duties on a $50 billion list of American goods including beef and soybeans.
“Every flip-flop and U-turn of a country will be simply depleting and squandering its own credibility,” Hua said at a regular briefing.
“We do not want a trade war, but we are not afraid of ones. We will fight back,” she said. “We will definitely take forceful measures to defend our legitimate interests.”
The White House announcement said it also would impose curbs on Chinese investment and purchases of high-tech exports.
Asian financial markets tumbled on renewed worries about a U.S.-Chinese trade spat. China's main market index fell 2.5 percent and Japan's benchmark lost 1.5 percent.
The White House's latest tariff action focuses on advanced technologies, including those such as robots and electric cars that China has said it wants to develop under its “Made in China 2025” program. The White House said a list of products would be announced June 15.
Trump's surprise announcement reflects his frustration at criticism of his earlier deal with Beijing, Eurasia analysts said in a report. They said he appears less concerned that he needs Chinese support for his proposed meeting with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un.
“Trump is going on offense, reverting to his earlier instincts on China and re-empowering the trade hawks in his Cabinet,” Eurasia Group said. “This dynamic makes it likely that both tariffs and investment restrictions will go into effect.”
The American Chamber of Commerce in China said companies are uneasy about the threat of export and investment controls but see them as a possible way to make progress on longstanding complaints about market access and investment curbs.
As a result of Trump's tariff threat, Washington is in very intense negotiations with Beijing “in a way that we haven't been for so many years,” said the chamber chairman, William Zarit. He said companies hope Beijing can be persuaded to “level the playing field” by easing curbs on foreign investment and business activity in its state-dominated economy.
“I wouldn't say we are in favor of, specifically, export controls, investment restrictions,” Zarit said at a news conference. But he said American companies want equal treatment, “and this seems to be one of the ways to do that.”
Also Wednesday, the Chinese Cabinet announced it planned to complete work by July 1 on another measure sought for years by its trading partners — a “negative list” that would make clear what is off-limits to foreign investment, leaving the rest of the economy open.
Foreign companies are frustrated by a system that requires them to wait for Chinese regulators to declare individual lines of business open to them.
Trump has focused on pressing Beijing to narrow its trade surplus with the United States, but Zarit said American companies see other issues as higher priorities.
As Chinese companies expand abroad, the United States, Europe and other trading partners are pressing Beijing to ease controls that keep their companies out of industries including banking, insurance, telecoms and health care.
“China's success means that it can no longer credibly defend protectionist policies on the grounds that it is still a ‘developing country,'” the American chamber said in a report Wednesday.
The tariff threat is a “very powerful” negotiating tactic, said Lester Ross, chairman of the American chamber's policy committee. However, he said tariffs are a tax on American consumers and a blunt tool to address “very complex problems that hamper trade and investment relationships.”
Analysts in the United States suggested the newly confrontational stance also might be aimed at appeasing congressional critics of a deal the Trump administration made Friday that allowed Chinese telecom giant ZTE Corp. to stay in business.
ZTE agreed to remove its management team, hire American compliance officers and pay a fine. That would be on top of a $1 billion penalty ZTE paid for selling high-tech equipment to North Korea and Iran in violation of U.S. sanctions.
In return, the Commerce Department lifted a seven-year ban on ZTE's purchase of U.S. components that it imposed earlier in May. Trump said last month the ban threatened too many Chinese jobs and he wanted to get the company back in business.
Chinese leaders have promised piecemeal trade-related changes including allowing full foreign ownership in their auto industry by 2022.
However, American companies have “major concerns” about unfair conditions, and the recent moves haven't done enough to alleviate those concerns, said the American chamber's Ross.
European companies also complain they are blocked from acquiring most assets in China while Chinese companies are on a global buying spree.
© The Associated Press. All rights reserved.
Via Twitter I'm trying to follow the news of an explosion at the New York Port Authority this morning. The New York Post has just posted Yaron Steinbuch's story reporting: “Several people were injured Monday morning when a device exploded at the Port Authority bus terminal on 42nd Street, according to law enforcement sources. One person is in custody after his device partially detonated inside a tunnel, sources told The Post.”
This is a breaking news story. Early reports are often misleading or erroneous; treat them with caution. I am posting this note so that interested readers can check in to their favorite news sources through the day. The Post's Twitter feed is here.
UPDATE: As of 9:00 a.m. (Eastern), it is reported that the only injury was to the would-be bomber.
UPDATE 2: As of noon (Eastern), three others have been treated for minor injuries.
KARACHI: Supreme Court (SC) on Saturday slammed the Sindh government for being unable to remove encroachments from parks, playgrounds etc. in Karachi.
A two-member bench was hearing a case regarding illegal encroachments on land and plots meant for recreational activities at the SC's Karachi registry.
Justice Gulzar said that political parties have set up their offices on the state land and amenity plots and asked Advocate General Zameer Ghumro to explain measures that have been taken towards this matter.
When the bench asked if there was any official of Karachi Development Authority and Karachi Metropolitan Corporation (KMC) in the court, acting municipal commissioner Asghar Sheikh appeared before it.
Justice Gulzar asked the acting municipal commissioner Asghar Sheikh why the affairs of Karachi were left at the helm of ad hoc officers and why any other efficient officer was not present for this purpose.
The AG told the court that the Sindh chief secretary couldn't turn up owing to his ill health. The AG was asked to ensure the presence of the chief secretary within an hour.
Justice Gulzar said the Karachi safe city project had not been completed even after the passage of about four years whereas these projects are in full swing in Lahore and Islamabad.
The AG assured that he would talk to the provincial authorities to resolve the issues.
Uh-Oh!
It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information.
If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account.
If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button.
Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account.
"Currently everyone in Syria wants a truce. We want it too. We want the bloodshed to stop. We want life in Syria to go back to normal. However, every force fighting in Syria pursues its own goals. The end of war is clearly not a goal for some of these forces because it is not in their interests. I think that fighting will stop for some time, but it will resume once again because serious games are being played in Syria," he elaborated.
The deal between Damascus and armed Syrian opposition was unveiled by Russian President Vladimir Putin on December 29, with the nationwide truce taking effect the next day. The ceasefire has been repeatedly violated since then. On Sunday, the Russian Center for reconciliation of opposing sides in Syria reported that it had registered 21 violations in the last 24 hours.
© AFP 2016/ MAHMOUD TAHA The Real Plan Behind the US Decision to Supply Arms to Syrian Rebels
"I don't think that the latest ceasefire will be successful. I don't believe that that the goals outlined by the recent deals will be reached since many groups have not been part of the agreement," Salih Muslim noted. "The truce will be observed by the groups linked to Turkey. Those militias that do not follow orders from Turkey will not abide by the ceasefire deal."
Russia and Turkey act as co-guarantors of the new ceasefire. However, Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said that Egypt could soon become part of the Syrian peace talks, adding that Saudi Arabia, Qatar, Jordan and Iraq will also be invited to take part in these efforts in the future.
"Saudi Arabia and Qatar are closely following the ceasefire," Salih Muslim said. "They want to see its first outcomes."
Saudi Arabia and Qatar have long provided support to some of the radical groups fighting in Syria. Their assistance has been viewed as one of the factors contributing to the continuation of the nearly six-years-long war.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
WEST HARTFORD, Conn. (WTNH)–Exit 40 on Interstate-84 westbound in West Hartford has been closed after a multi-vehicle crash with a rollover, ejection, and entrapment, according to Connecticut State Police.
Police said the car crossed over from the eastbound lanes to the westbound lanes.
Occupants in the crash were transported to the hospital by emergency medical personnel. At least one of them suffered a serious injury, according to police.
On the other side of the highway, I-84 eastbound in Farmington has been closed between exits 39 and 39A.
Police tweeted out the following around 7 p.m. on Friday:
#CTtraffic: I84 wb x40 West Hartford CLOSED for multi-vehicle injury crash w/rollover, ejection & entrapment. — CT State Police (@CT_STATE_POLICE) February 3, 2018
Stay with News 8 for continuing updates on this story.
By The Associated Press
All Times EST Overall W L T SW Pts GF GA W L T Bowling Green 7 2 5 2 28 38 31 8 5 6 Minnesota St. 9 3 0 0 27 50 28 11 5 0 Michigan Tech 6 6 4 1 23 46 44 8 7 4 N. Michigan 6 4 2 2 22 29 26 8 8 2 Ferris St. 6 5 1 0 19 33 30 9 10 1 Ala.-Huntsville 5 5 2 1 18 37 37 6 10 2 Alaska 5 8 1 1 17 41 45 7 11 2 Bemidji St. 2 4 4 2 12 28 32 5 6 5 Lake Superior St. 3 7 2 0 11 27 43 4 11 3 Alaska Anchorage 1 6 3 3 9 20 33 1 11 4
___
Friday's Games
Minnesota St. 5, Lake Superior St. 1
Ferris St. 4, Michigan Tech 3
Ala.-Huntsville 3, Bowling Green 3, UAH wins shootout 2-1
N. Michigan 1, Bemidji St. 1, NMU scores 3×3 OT
Alaska 7, Alaska Anchorage 2
Saturday's Games
Bowling Green 3, Ala.-Huntsville 1
Minnesota St. 7, Lake Superior St. 0
Michigan Tech 5, Ferris St. 1
N. Michigan 4, Bemidji St. 4, NMU wins shootout 1-0
Alaska 3, Alaska Anchorage 2
Friday, Dec. 15
Lake Superior St. at Michigan Tech, 7:07 p.m.
Ferris St. at N. Michigan, 7:07 p.m.
Alaska Anchorage at Bemidji St., 8:07 p.m.
Ala.-Huntsville at Minnesota St., 8:07 p.m.
Saturday, Dec. 16
Lake Superior St. at Michigan Tech, 7:07 p.m.
Ferris St. at N. Michigan, 7:07 p.m.
Alaska Anchorage at Bemidji St., 8:07 p.m.
Ala.-Huntsville at Minnesota St., 8:07 p.m.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
AIR New Zealand has come under fire for its latest in-flight meal offering - a synthetic meat burger known as the Impossible Burger.
The New Zealand First party's primary industries spokesman Mark Patterson called the promotion of the "Impossible Burger", which contains a plant-based meat substitute, on some international flights a "slap in the face" for New Zealand's red meat sector, reports the NZ Herald.
Air New Zealand has teamed up with Silicon Valley start-up Impossible Foods to serve the burger to premium customers.
The plant-based burger will be available as part of its business premier menu on flights NZ1 and NZ5 from Los Angeles to Auckland until late October.
"The national carrier should be showcasing our premium quality grass-fed New Zealand red meat, not promoting a product that has the potential to pose an existential threat to New Zealand's second biggest export earner," Mr Patterson said.
"There has been widespread concern in the regions at the loss of services from provincial airports and now we have Air New Zealand actively promoting synthetic proteins which have a genetic modification component to them. This is not a good example of New Zealand Inc working together for the greater good."
Patterson called for Air New Zealand to review its decision and instead showcase New Zealand produce to international visitors.
NZ National Party agriculture spokesman Nathan Guy expressed his disappointment on Twitter over the promotion.
"Disappointing to see Air NZ promoting a GE substitute meat burger on its flights to the USA. We produce the most delicious steaks & lamb on the planet - GMO & hormone free. The national carrier should be pushing our premium products and helping sell NZ to the world," Guy tweeted.
Comment was being sought from Air New Zealand.
Disappointing to see Air NZ promoting a GE substitute meat burger on its flights to the USA. We produce the most delicious steaks & lamb on the planet - GMO & hormone free. The national carrier should be pushing our premium products and helping sell NZ to the world. — Nathan Guy (@NathanGuyOtaki) 3 July 2018
At June 2018, meat products were worth $A6.1 billion to the New Zealand economy, behind dairy which was the country's top export earner on $A12.9 billion. In April this year tourism was worth $A13.4 billion to the economy.
In March, Regional Economic Development Minister and NZ First MP Shane Jones criticised the board of Air New Zealand following the carrier's decision to cut flights to Kapiti, on the lower North Island.
"I'm telling that board, in terms of the growth and connectivity in provincial New Zealand, it will not increase unless that board changes," he said.
He also warned Air New Zealand chief executive Christopher Luxon to butt out of politics.
"Do not poke your nose into the political boxing ring unless you're going to resign today and join the ranks of the National Party. This is a legitimate issue on behalf of those provincial areas who have been short-changed. I've said all along, my focus is on the board."
This story was originally published on the NZ Herald and is republished with permission.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Yobs left a family in shock after hurling stones at their car in an area of Cheltenham plagued by similar attacks.
Amy Frusher, 37, was travelling in Princess Elizabeth Way, in Hester's Way, around five months ago with her husband and two young children, when youths threw rocks at their vehicle and damaged its paintwork.
Mrs Frusher has come forward in response to a series of attacks from youngsters in the area, one of which saw Kamil Krzyzak's car windscreen smashed by a brick last Tueday in Princess Elizabeth Way.
After four cases of youngsters hurling missiles at buses in Hester's Way in February and earlier this month, Stagecoach removed several stops from its C route to Springbank.
Mrs Frusher, her husband, their one-year-old girl Abigail and four-year-old boy Jacob were in the car that was hit by a stone.
She revealed they were driving near the South Africa House flats, when they noticed four or five boys, who looked to be aged between 15 and 18, sitting on the shed next to the building.
The 37-year-old cleaner, of Holtham Avenue in Churchdown, said: "They were lobbing bricks and stones at cars driving past.
"We were behind a lorry with a skip on it and they were throwing stones at it. A car behind us got it as well.
"They hit the side of our car, causing paint damage.
"It was really scary. If they had thrown it that little bit later, it could have gone through my girl's window and hit her."
The boys, who wore black hoodies and jeans, were "falling about laughing", she added.
Mrs Frusher was glad that her children were oblivious to what had happened.
She said she does not feel safe in the area, adding, "I don't tend to go that way anymore.
"It is getting worse and they are causing havoc.
"I used to live in Hester's Way, and the crime was a factor in us leaving."
She revealed police told her at the time they "think they know who the boys are", but the force has not yet informed her they have been found.
Last week a Gloucestershire police spokesman said officers have been trying to identify the youths involved in throwing stones and bricks at moving vehicles in Cheltenham.
She added: "This has included officers sitting on some of the buses on the route which had been targeted over the past couple of weeks.
"We believe the youths may be taking part in a game which is wholly irresponsible and dangerous and we would urge those involved to stop.
"Due to the ongoing problems police will now be working with Cheltenham Borough Homes to focus on the parents of the youths who we believe are responsible.
"We would urge anyone who sees youths acting suspiciously in the area or a crime taking place to call police on 999 immediately.
"We will not tolerate this type of behaviour and are keen to bring a stop to it."
© NASA
The Cassini spacecraft completed the first of five close flybys of Saturn as it comes to the end of its 20-year mission. It will culminate in a fiery farewell as it makes a one-way trip to the gas giant's surface on September 15."As it makes these five dips into Saturn, followed by its final plunge, Cassini will become the first Saturn atmospheric probe," said Linda Spilker, Cassini project scientist at NASA's research center, known as JPL."It's long been a goal in planetary exploration to send a dedicated probe into the atmosphere of Saturn, and we're laying the groundwork for future exploration with this first foray."Cassini skimmed above Saturn's clouds at 12:22am EDT Monday, August 14, at an altitude of between 1,010 and 1,060 miles (1,630 and 1,710 km respectively).Depending on the results of this first close pass, and the density of the atmosphere, the Cassini team may even opt for a 'pop-down' maneuver which will bring the craft 120 miles (200km) closer to the clouds on its second pass.This would enable several instruments on board the spacecraft to gather unprecedented amounts of information on the gas giant.Some of the info that could be gathered includes atmospheric data at the cloud tops, temperature data, high-resolution imagery of Saturn's auroras, and detailed observations of the planet's vortexes and chemical composition.At present, Saturn is believed to be made up of about 75 percent hydrogen with the rest consisting of helium and trace amounts of other chemical compounds.The Cassini team is also hoping to definitively determine the length of a day on the planet, by looking at the offset between the magnetic field and the planet's axial tilt. The current consensus is that a day lasts 10-and-a-half hours, but results have been hard to pin down.As part of its 20-year mission, Cassini has spent a total of 13 years at Saturn, consisting of 127 close flybys of Titan."Cassini's Titan flybys prepared us for these rapid passes through Saturn's upper atmosphere," said Earl Maize, Cassini project manager at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) in California in a press release "Thanks to our past experience, the team is confident that we understand how the spacecraft will behave at the atmospheric densities our models predict."The probe is running low on fuel and the international team were worried that the probe's decaying orbit might crash it into Titan or Enceladus, two of the most promising candidates for microbial life in our solar system. This is why the decision was made to end the mission in such a blaze of glory.On September 11, Cassini will say farewell to Titan, triggering its final 'drop-down' maneuver before completing its fiery descent to the planet's surface.Titan tweaked Cassini's flight path several times during the mission and will ultimately be the engine of its demise."Now that we've completed Cassini's investigation of Titan, we have enough detail to really see what Titan is like as a world, globally," said Steve Wall, deputy lead of Cassini's radar team at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, California."It's pretty remarkable that we ended up close to where we started," said Wall. "The difference is how richly our understanding has grown, and how the questions we're asking about Titan have evolved."
Former African Footballer of the Year Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang and teenager Achraf Hakimi were among the African stars in the major European leagues at the weekend.
Gabon striker Aubameyang was belatedly credited with a Borussia Dortmund goal to become the leading all-time Bundesliga scorer with 97 goals.
Morocco defender Hakimi became only the sixth African to score for reigning European champions Real Madrid as they routed Sevilla 5-0 in La Liga.
ENGLAND
MOHAMED SALAH (Liverpool)
The Egypt winger maintained his superb form with a sublime strike in a 1-1 draw against Everton at Anfield. Salah broke the deadlock in the 42nd minute when he curled home from the edge of the penalty area. It was his 13th goal in 12 games and 19th of the season.
WILFRIED BONY (Swansea)
The Ivorian international struck with a much-needed goal for his club, himself and manager Paul Clement to secure a 1-0 win over fellow strugglers West Brom. It was the first time since December 2014 that the 28-year-old has scored in back-to-back matches.
ANDRE AYEW (West Ham)
Their record signing has not rewarded the outlay for him with many eye-catching performances, but although he didn`t score in a 1-0 win over Chelsea, his sublime tackle on Nigerian substitute Victor Moses late in the match all but extinguished the champions hopes of getting even a point.
SPAIN
ACHRAF HAKIMI (Real Madrid)
Morocco right-back Hakimi fired home his first Madrid goal with an impressive effort from a narrow angle as Real ran riot in thrashing Sevilla 5-0 with all five goals coming before half-time. The 19-year-old, deputising for suspended Dani Carvajal, did his chances of featuring more regularly for the European champions in 2018 no harm as an inexperienced Madrid backline nullified Sevilla`s threat.
ITALY
FRANCK KESSIE (AC Milan)
Ivorian midfielder Kessie played a pivotal role as AC Milan got their first victory under new coach Gennaro Gattuso with a 2-1 win against Bologna. The 20-year-old former Atalanta player bolstered the defence and provided impetus up front.
GERMANY
PIERRE-EMERICK AUBAMEYANG (Borussia Dortmund)
The Gabon striker became the Bundesliga`s all-time top-scorer after belatedly being credited with his 12th goal this season in Borussia Dortmund`s 2-1 defeat at home to Werder Bremen. Shinji Kagawa`s second-half cross hit the arm of Bremen defender Philipp Bargfrede, who was initially credited with an own goal, as Aubameyang scrambled the ball into the net. However, the Bundesliga later credited the goal to Aubameyang, who has now netted 97 times in Germany`s top flight, beating the previous record of Ghanaian Anthony Yeboah, who scored 96 goals for Eintracht Frankfurt and Hamburg.
SALOMON KALOU (Hertha Berlin)
The Ivory Coast veteran striker rescued Hertha with a 91st-minute equaliser off the bench in their 1-1 draw at Augsburg. Kalou came on 11 minutes from time and stabbed the ball home from close range after a corner
FRANCE
FIRMIN MUBELE (Rennes)
The 23-year-old Democratic Republic of Congo forward came off the bench to score a late equaliser as Rennes drew 1-1 at Ligue 1 bottom club Metz. It was a fourth goal of the season for Mubele, but a first since August.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
UNITED NATIONS (AP) — North Korea's deputy U.N. ambassador accused the United States on Monday of turning the Korean Peninsula into “the world's biggest hotspot” and creating “a dangerous situation in which a thermonuclear war may break out at any moment.”
Kim In Ryong told a news conference that “if the U.S. dares opt for a military action,” North Korea “is ready to react to any mode of war desired by the U.S.”
He said the Trump administration's deployment of the Carl Vinson nuclear carrier task group to waters off the Korean Peninsula again “proves the U.S. reckless moves for invading the DPRK have reached a serious phase of its scenario.”
Kim stressed that U.S.-South Korean military exercises being staged now are the largest-ever “aggressive war drill” aimed at his country, formally the Democratic People's Republic of Korea.
Advertisement
“The prevailing grave situation proves once again that the DPRK was entirely just when it increased in every way its military capabilities for self-defense and pre-emptive attack with a nuclear force as a pivot,” he said.
Tensions have escalated over North Korean moves to accelerate its weapons development. The North conducted two nuclear tests and 24 ballistic missile tests last year, defying six Security Council sanctions resolutions banning any testing, and it has launched more missiles this year including a failed attempt this past weekend.
The North's Foreign Ministry said the missile launches are as part of a normal process of building up the country's defenses and economy. Ministry official Kim Chang Min also said in the interview in Pyongyang that the U.N., the Security Council and big countries ignored South Korean missile launches and Japanese surveillance satellites.
“This is the limit of double standards,” Kim of the Foreign Ministry said. “How can we have any dialogue to get any result with anyone who has this kind of approach?”
On Monday, U.S. Vice President Mike Pence traveled to the Demilitarized Zone dividing the Koreas and warned Pyongyang that “the era of strategic patience is over.”
After 25 years of trying to deal patiently with North Korea's nuclear and missile ambitions, Pence said, “all options are on the table” to deal with threat.
Deputy U.N. Ambassador Kim said North Korea's policy is shaped by the Trump administration's push for “high-intensity sanctions” against the country, deploying tactical nuclear weapons in South Korea and launching military action aimed at “beheading” the North's leadership headed by Kim Jong-un.
He said rolling back the hostile U.S. policy toward the DPRK “is the precondition to solving all the problems in the Korean Peninsula.”
Kim called the news conference to “categorically reject” the U.S. decision to hold an open meeting of the Security Council on April 28 on North Korea's nuclear program which is scheduled to be chaired by U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson.
He called it “another abuse of authority” by the United States, which holds the Security Council presidency this month, and a violation of the DPRK's sovereignty.
Kim ignored questions about the DPRK's relationship with China and reports that the government didn't respond to requests from Chinese officials for a meeting.
Instead he reiterated two Chinese proposals that the U.S. rejected.
One called for “dual-track” talks on denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula — the top priority of the United States — and replacing the armistice that ended the 1950-53 Korean War with a formal peace treaty, a key demand of Pyongyang. The other called for a freeze on U.S.-South Korean military exercises and a freeze on DPRK missile and nuclear tests.
BARCELONA, Spain (AP) — A look at Girona, Levante and Getafe as the promoted teams prepare for this weekend's opening of the Spanish league season.
___
GIRONA
The only complete newcomer to Spain's first division, Girona has a big brother behind it to help it take its first steps.
Manchester City has adopted Girona as one of its feeder clubs to give young players a chance to develop.
And with Girona promoted for the first time in its 87-year history, the English powerhouse has strengthened its relationship by sending more players to the upscale town of nearly 100,000 in northeastern Spain.
Girona's team spent a week training at City's installations in Manchester last month, and Pep Guardiola, who is from the same region of Catalonia, will take City to Girona on Tuesday to play a friendly at its Montilivi Stadium.
Spanish and English media have speculated in recent weeks that City is close to buying a large stake in the Catalan club. Nothing official has come of the rumors yet.
City players Marlos Moreno, Douglas Luiz and Aleix Garcia have arrived on loan this summer, joining the club's signings of striker Christian Stuani (Middlesbrough), goalkeeper Gorka Iraizoz (Athletic Bilbao), and Farid Boulaya (Bastia). Marc Muniesa has also joined on loan from Stoke City.
Girona faces a tough debut against Atletico Madrid on Saturday.
___
LEVANTE
Levante, always in the shadow of city rival Valencia, is back in the first division after a one-year absence.
Levante dominated Spain's second division last season, winning the title with 14 more points than runner-up Girona.
This season will be just its 12th in the first division, but its quick return after being relegated last summer shows the growth the small club has made over the past decade.
Its best ever campaign came in 2011-2012 when it had a dream season, rising to the top of the table before hanging on for a merit-worthy sixth-place finish.
Levante's main summer reinforcement is Ivory Coast midfielder Cheick Doukoure, who was signed from Metz.
Roger Marti led Levante last season with 22 goals. He will be looking to get some help from new arrivals Alex Alegria, on loan from Real Betis, and Ivan Lopez, who had played for Sevilla's reserve team.
Levante faces Villarreal on Monday.
___
GETAFE
The Spanish capital actually has room for clubs other than European powerhouses Real Madrid and Atletico Madrid.
One is Getafe, named for the gritty neighborhood it calls home. It is back after one season in the second tier.
Coach Jose Bordalas will make his debut in la Liga after more than 20 years of coaching in Spain's lower divisions.
Bordalas was very close to coaching in Spain's top flight one year ago, after he had helped Alaves win promotion. But Alaves opted to change coaches.
Out of a job, Bordalas took over Getafe last September, replacing Juan Esnaider after the team's poor start.
The 53-year-old Bordalas succeeded in turning Getafe's season around and steered it back into the top flight via the playoffs.
Getafe has reinforced its squad with Arsenal goalkeeper Damian Martinez, midfielder Markel Bergara, forward Faycal Fajr, and19-year-old Uruguayan defender Mathias Olivera among others.
Getafe visits Athletic Bilbao on Sunday.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
OHL Mexico to buyback shares after takeover bid
MEXICO CITY, June 14 OHL Mexico, a unit of Spanish construction group OHL, said it would launch a share buyback on Thursday, offering 27 pesos per share after agreeing to a takeover by IFM Global Infrastructure Fund, the company said on Wednesday.
Will Perkins with his mother Sue after the World's Greatest Shave at Baldivis Primary School.
Will Perkins with his mother Sue after the World's Greatest Shave at Baldivis Primary School. Picture: Aiden Boyham
The World's Greatest Shave rolled into Baldivis Primary School last Friday, with 10-year-old Will Perkins shaving his head for a worthy cause after facing a scare of his own with leukaemia in 2017.
As fellow students gathered to watch the shave, Will admitted that he had gone more than a year without cutting his hair.
The youngster had a big fright in October last year when he ended up in hospital with a mystery illness which doctors believed at the time was leukaemia.
With Will and his family forced to wait weeks for confirmation that it wasn't blood cancer, he ended up spending time in paediatric oncology wards, often sharing space with other children who were terminally sick.
Hundreds of Will's schoolmates joined in to watch his locks get the chop. Picture: Aiden Boyham
Wanting to help those in need, Will saw a World's Greatest Shave TV commercial and the rest is history, with the inspirational student raising about $2000 since he took up the challenge.
Baldivis Primary School principal Bridget O'Neill said the school was very proud of Will.
“Baldivis Primary School is lucky to have a student like Will who is so passionate about helping others,” Ms O'Neill said.
“His ability, when he was sick in hospital, to recognise that many other children have big battles to face and find a way to support them is amazing.
“We are very grateful that he and his family included the school in this event.”
Will's shaved hair will also be turned into a wig for a child to wear who is battling leukaemia.
This year marks the 20th anniversary of the World's Greatest Shave with more than a million raised for the charity initiative.
Web Desk: A teenager has died after her phone exploded as she was talking to a relative. The incident took place in India.
The photographs of a badly damaged phone show the aftermath of the blast that killed 18-years-old teenager Uma Oram at her home.
The phone was suddenly exploded as she plugged it in to charge during the conversation. She suffered injuries to her hand, leg and chest. Soon after, she was taken to a local hospital, where she died.
According to her brother, “As the battery of the mobile phone was draining out, she plugged it for charging while talking over it simultaneously.”
‘The cell phone was put on charging when she started talking to a relative. Its battery exploded suddenly. Before we could know what exactly happened, Uma fell unconscious. She was declared dead at the hospital.'
The phone was a Nokia 3310.
Source: Metro.co.uk
None
Indian River High School held their Graduation on Tuesday May 29th with 180 students in the Class of 2018 getting their diplomas at the school near Dagsboro. Chuck Snyder, Special to the News Journal
Kangana Ranaut is back at her game, playing a character that will relate with most of the women in the country. She has done this before and nailed it in her movie Queen. Her character in her upcoming film Simran, though gives a huge hangover of Rani from Queen, is still totally different.
The major reason behind the love trailer of Simran has been getting is to connect of Kangana's character. Though the backdrop of the film has to do something with crime still it will find its connect. Makers of the film have launched a couple of dialogue promos from the film, let's take a look at them:
Kangana plays the role of Praful Patel who's looking for an apartment in the US. She's quirky and full of life but she has a very interesting character flaw on which the story is based. Music of the film is given by the duo Sachin-Jigar and the song in teaser compliments the scene very well.
In this dialogue, promo check out the hilarious way of how Praful hits on guys. She reveals the character flaw she has and reveals a grey shade of her in this promo.
Trending :
Kangana plays the role of a Gujarati housekeeper by the name of Praful Patel who is settled in the US. The story revolves around her ambitions and how she gets addicted to the world of crime. In order to portray her role of a Gujarati girl to perfection, Kangana took special diction lessons to ace the language.
Kangana was last seen in Rangoon alongside Shahid Kapoor and Saif Ali Khan. The movie was directed by Vishal Bhardwaj and the movie tanked at the box office.
Slated to release on September 15, Simran is co-produced by T-Series honcho Bhushan Kumar and Shailesh Singh. The film, which also stars National Award-winning actor Sohum Shah, is said to be based on a real life story.
AUSTRALIA'S Ambassador to the US Joe Hockey is the latest political figure to be caught up in a Twitter hack scandal after his account liked a tweet calling Malcolm Turnbull a “cranky prick”.
The ambassador has denied liking the tweet during the Prime Minister's appearance on the ABC's Q & A program last night.
He claims to have been hacked and has now called the Australian Federal Police in to investigate.
Camera Icon Ambassador Hockey has denied liking the tweet during the Prime Minister's appearance on the ABC's Q & A program last night. Picture: Kym Smith Picture: News Corp Australia
Mr Hockey's account had liked a tweet by Stephen Koukoulas, an economic adviser to Prime Minister Julia Gillard in 2010 and 2011, which commented on Mr Turnbull's performance last night.
“Turnbull — Wow. Showing what a cranky prick everyone who has worked with him says he is,” Mr Koukoulas wrote.
It was part of strong social media backlash to the Prime Minister's performance on Q & A last night, with some users describing it as a trainwreck.
Mr Hockey's account ‘liked' the Koukoulas tweet just before 11pm.
He has since deleted it.
Camera Icon Joe Hockey's Twitter account 'hack'. Picture: Twitter Picture: Supplied
“Don't get too excited,” Mr Hockey wrote this morning.
“It looks like I have been hacked. AFP now investigating.”
Mr Hockey was the federal Treasurer during the Abbott Government.
He resigned his frontbench position and seat in parliament after Mr Turnbull challenged Tony Abbott for the top job and won in September 2015.
Camera Icon Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull on Q & A. Picture: Supplied
Mr Turnbull then appointed him as Australia's Ambassador to the US in December 2015.
Hockey is the latest political figure to be caught up in a Twitter hack scandal just two days after Health Minister Greg Hunt's account liked an explicit tweet at 5.01am and Defence Industry Minister Christopher Pyne's account liked a porn tweet in November .
Mr Hunt also called in the AFP to investigate the hack on his account.
PORT ELGIN -
Saugeen Shores firefighters continue to battle a stubborn blaze in a vacant Goderich St. residence that spread thick smoke through the downtown just after 8:25 a.m. Dec. 11.
Eyewitness Chris Heathers, a former Saugeen Shores firefighter, called 911, and with another man banged on the doors as smoke seeped out of the roof and spread across Goderich St.
The owner, Dr. Dan MacKay, who operates a dentistry office next door, arrived with a key and confirmed the house was vacant. The men used a fire extinguisher from the adjacent gas station to try to douse the flames in a corner under the back deck until firefighters arrived.
“We did the best we could to knock it down with the fire extinguisher, but 30 seconds of a fire extinguisher doesn't do a whole – it will reduce it – but by that time I think it was already in the walls because it was smoking through the roof,” Heathers said as a large crowd watched crews of firefighters battle the blaze.
At the scene, Brian MacKay, son of owner Dr. MacKay, said the two-unit house had not had tenants for several years and was used for dry storage.
Two hours after the fire was discovered, firefighters were still on scene and reported smoke coming through the roof.
Monday, August 14, 2017
FRANKFURT, GERMANY—The International Business Times reports that a new geochemical study shows that shortly after the Romans defeated the Carthaginians in the Second Punic War, they began to mint their coins in silver mined on the Iberian Peninsula, which Carthage had controlled up to that point. A team led by Katrin Westner, of the Institute for Archaeological Sciences at Goethe University, Frankfurt, tested the silver content of 70 Roman coins minted between 310 B.C. to 101 B.C. They found that before the second Punic War, Roman coins were made from silver mined in the Aegean. But after Carthage's defeat around 209 B.C., the Romans began to use silver mined in what is now Spain. “This massive influx of Iberian silver significantly changed Rome's economy, allowing it to become the superpower of its day," says Westner. "We know this from the histories of Livy and Polybius and others, but our work gives contemporary scientific proof of the rise of Rome." To read more about how Rome evolved into a superpower, go to “Rome's Imperial Port.”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SCRANTON -- Some property owners in Scranton got a letter in the mail last week from the city telling them to pay a renter's registration fee even if they aren't renting out their property.
The city of Scranton's rental registration department sent out letters last week prompting property owners to pay the annual fee, but they used other databases like information from the city's tax office to get addresses, so it wasn't 100 percent accurate and many who don't rent their properties got the letter.
One woman inherited her grandmother's home in Scranton. No one lives there now, but she and her family still use it as a meeting place for holidays.
"We receive things from Scranton from time to time like tax bills, but I was very surprised when this came indicating that we might be possibly renting the property, which is certainly not the case. So I wasn't sure how they had gotten that idea."
This past Easter weekend, she was not expecting a letter prompting her to pay a fee that didn't apply to her.
"Confused, not sure who I would need to talk to, and I had a lot of difficulty getting through on the phone, so we just happened to be in town so we're just checking into it in person."
City officials say 11,800 of these letters went out. They said you automatically got one if you own a property where you're not currently residing.
That was the case for one Scranton couple who owns a property on West Locust Street.
"When I got this letter, I couldn't understand it," said Ron Zimorowicz. "It's for my mom's house. She's 85 years old. The place hasn't been rented since my grandmother passed away in the 1990s."
There are several exemptions to the renter's registration requirements, including if the person who lives there is a parent or child of the owner, so Zimorowicz was able to get his problem resolved quickly.
"Here, everybody is confused. I hear other people walking in, same story. 'What do I do? I don't have this.'"
Scranton Mayor William Courtright says the process wasn't 100 percent accurate, but it's a way to get a better idea of who has rental properties and are required to pay the registration fee.
"What we're trying to do is make it better and better each year. So we're going to be looking into going out to a company that would actually do a survey for us and get it a little more accurate than what it is right now," said the mayor.
Mayor Courtright says if it was a mistake that you received a letter, you can contact the rental registration department at city hall or just mail in proof that you pay the bills for the property.
CLEVELAND, Ohio - Authorities in several states were on the lookout Monday for a man police say shot a Cleveland retiree collecting aluminum cans and then posted video of the apparently random killing on Facebook.
"He could be nearby. He could be far away or anywhere in between," FBI agent Stephen Anthony said on Day 2 of the manhunt for Steve Stephens, a 37-year-old job counselor for teens and young adults.
Police said Stephens killed Robert Godwin Sr., a 74-year-old former foundry worker, on Sunday.
Investigators said that Godwin was the only victim so far linked to Stephens, despite the suspect's claim in a separate video on Facebook that he killed over a dozen people.
Officers searched dozens of places around the city and spoke with the suspect by cellphone, police said.
Police Chief Calvin Williams warned residents to be careful as the go about their day.
Authorities also warned people in Pennsylvania, New York, Indiana and Michigan to be alert for Stephens, who was wanted on a charge of aggravated murder.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Godwin apparently was shot while out picking up cans in a plastic shopping bag, his daughter said.
"Not because he needed the money, it was just something he did," said 52-year-old Debbie Godwin. "That's all he was doing. He wasn't harming anyone."
She said her father, who had 10 children, was a gentle man with nothing mean about him.
"We called him the junk man," she said. "He'd pick up things off the street and fix them. He picked up bikes and he fixed them."
The motive for the shooting wasn't entirely clear from the shaky video, in which Stephens told Godwin a woman's name and said, "She's the reason that this is about to happen to you." Godwin did not seem to recognize the woman's name.
The suspect then pointed a gun at Godwin, who shielded his face with the plastic bag.
Facebook said the video was posted after the killing but wasn't broadcast on Facebook Live as police initially indicated. The suspect did go live on the social media site at another point Sunday.
The video of the killing was on Facebook for about three hours before it was taken down. Stephens' Facebook page also was eventually removed.
"This is a horrific crime and we do not allow this kind of content on Facebook," the company said. "We work hard to keep a safe environment on Facebook, and are in touch with law enforcement in emergencies when there are direct threats to physical safety."
In the separate video, Stephens said: "I killed 13, so I'm working on 14 as we speak."
advertisement | advertise on newsday
Police said they have not verified any other shootings or deaths.
Stephens worked at Beech Brook, a behavioral health agency headquartered in Pepper Pike, near Cleveland. He helped young people develop job skills and find employment, said Beech Brook spokeswoman Nancy Kortemeyer.
An extensive background check before he was hired turned up nothing worrisome, she said.
"We just hope Mr. Stephens is apprehended as quickly as possible so that no one else is injured," she said.
In one of the videos, Stephens could be seen holding up his employee identification and said: "I'm killing with my Beech Brook badge on, too."
How did this way of doing "politics," which was only in its infancy 20 years ago, ever ascend to today's heights? To study the timeline is to see that identity politics in America has grown exactly in tandem with the spread of the sexual revolution - and for good, if pitiful, reason. Western human beings today, like human beings everywhere, are desperate to know who they are, to whom they belong, where they have a place in the world. But today, the old ways of knowing all these desiderata - that is, by reference to the family and extended family - no longer exist for many people, and are growing weaker for many more.
Why is this happening? Because our organic connections to one another have been sundered as never before, outside wartime or natural catastrophe. Today's clamor over identity - the authentic scream of so many for answers to questions about where they belong in the world - did not spring from nowhere. It is a squalling creature of our time, born of familial liquidation. Political identitarianism is a bastard child of the birth-control pill.
Whatever else it has wrought, the revolution has divided and scattered ineradicably familial beings - human beings - like no other force in our time...There's a reason why "loneliness studies" are now the hottest academic stock in sociology. There's a reason why "happiness studies" document over and over what most people could have asserted without embarrassment the day before yesterday - that people who live in families and practice religion tend to be happier and more productive than those who don't.
Nearly half of Americans report sometimes or always feeling alone (46 percent) or left out (47 percent).
of Americans report sometimes or always feeling alone (46 percent) or left out (47 percent). One in four Americans (27 percent) rarely or never feel as though there are people who really understand them.
Americans (27 percent) rarely or never feel as though there are people who really understand them. Two in five Americans sometimes or always feel that their relationships are not meaningful (43 percent) and that they are isolated from others (43 percent).
Americans sometimes or always feel that their relationships are not meaningful (43 percent) and that they are isolated from others (43 percent). One in five people report they rarely or never feel close to people (20 percent) or feel like there are people they can talk to (18 percent).
people report they rarely or never feel close to people (20 percent) or feel like there are people they can talk to (18 percent). Americans who live with others are less likely to be lonely (average loneliness score of 43.5) compared to those who live alone (46.4). However, this does not apply to single parents/guardians (average loneliness score of 48.2) - even though they live with children, they are more likely to be lonely.
The destruction of the family has been a fabulously successful progressive project.
About a year ago, I wrote a personal essay explaining why my having come from a large family was such an effective deterrent to many of the current identitarian ideologies that have arisen from our poisoned politics of late. In short, I never needed to "find my tribe" or "discover my identity," because I already had my tribe-well over a hundred cousins, and a couple of dozen aunts and uncles-and my identity was rooted in my family experience. The Van Maren side of my family has a habit of analyzing one another and then discussing which of our characteristics came from which grandparent, so there was never any doubt as to where, exactly, you came from.I also got to know all four of my grandparents-three of whom are still alive today-and hear the sobering stories of what it was like to live under Nazi occupation . As I wrote then, the sorts of ugly resurrected ideologies that cropped up in Charlottesville last summer have no appeal when someone you love can still remember the bloodshed that accompanied them the last time around. At their root, these collectivist ideologies function the same way that gang membership does: They offer an opportunity to belong, as long as you are willing to do or go along with violence on behalf of your new tribe.But I've grown to recognize that my experience is so rare that it is nearly incomprehensible to much of the modern generation. The first time I met someone with no cousins, we gaped at each other as I tried to imagine having no cousins while he tried to imagine having over a hundred of them. Neither of us had much luck. But things I took for granted-family barbeques so big we needed to rent a local school or rec hall, automatic and effortless friendships with boys and girls who looked and sounded just a bit like me, and having a sense of shared identity, of knowing who you were because you were one of them-most people did not have those experiences. And as a result, many people are being pulled to identity politics (and identitarianism), desperate to find a place where they can look around and think to themselves: This is where I belong. They are mine and I am theirs.Earlier this week, I stumbled across a magnificent essay by Mary Eberstadt (I reviewed her most recent book It's Dangerous to Believe when it was released) that articulates precisely what I had been driving at in my own column about family and identity. Identity politics, she writes, are a direct result of the Sexual Revolution:To break people up into societal drifters-no extended family full of aunts, uncles, and cousins, immediate families broken up into his, hers and theirs with all of the accompanying confusions and jealousies-serves the State extraordinarily well. After all, the State can now play identity politics, too, with various "communities" being bestowed with political privileges and cultural acclaim, and nothing standing between the individual and the State. It is no wonder that the Soviet Union tried so hard to cleave apart the Russian families that responded to oppression and suffering by clinging to each other all the more fiercely.But in the West, the revolutionaries have succeeded:Eberstadt is not exaggerating. Consider these statistics, taken from a recent survey of over 20,000 Americans over the age of 18 that revealed an epidemic of loneliness:Everybody has the right to do whatever they wish these days, but happiness is vanishing in the face of selfish individualism because it turns out that pleasure and happiness are not the same thing. We hunt for new solutions to new problems, and look forward instead of back at what we abandoned and how it kept us from this place before. It reminds me of a poem from Arthur Hugh Clough:"Old things need not be therefore true,"O brother men, nor yet the new;Ah! still awhile the old thought retain,And yet consider it again!The souls of now two thousand yearsHave laid up here their toils and tears,And all the earnings of their pain,-Ah, yet consider it again!We! what do we see? each a spaceOf some few yards before his face;Does that the whole wide plan explain?Ah, yet consider it again!
OECD says New Zealand cbank should adopt debt-to-income limits on home loans
WELLINGTON, June 15 The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) said on Thursday that New Zealand's central bank should add debt-to-income (DTI) limits on home loans to its toolkit to help cool the country's housing market.
The pro-mass immigration GOP megadonor billionaire Koch brothers are threatening Republicans running midterm campaigns, saying they want to see an amnesty for millions of illegal aliens passed or they will “closely evaluate” their aiding and funding of certain candidates.
The Koch brothers represent a number of organizations that purport to be conservative and libertarian-leaning, including Freedom Partners, the LIBRE Initiative, Americans for Prosperity, and Generation Opportunity. The billionaires' businesses include Matador Cattle Company, Koch Pipeline, and Guardian Industries.
In an interview with The Hill, Americans for Prosperity President Tim Phillips said the pro-amnesty, pro-mass immigration Koch networks would “closely evaluate” their participation in GOP midterm races if those candidates did not help push an amnesty for the millions of illegal aliens who are eligible and enrolled in the President Obama-created Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program.
Phillips said the Kochs are “disappointed” because the DACA amnesty has yet to pass through the GOP-controlled Congress, despite multiple attempts by the Republican establishment and Democrats. “We've been disappointed so far this year and it's going to cause us to closely evaluate the involvement we may or may not have in individual races,” Phillips says.
Phillips said the Koch networks have told President Trump's administration and House Speaker Paul Ryan of their disappointment over the lack of a DACA amnesty.
Breitbart News has closely chronicled the Koch brothers' attempts to not only pass an amnesty for millions of illegal aliens but also keep the current policies of mass legal immigration intact to keep the U.S. labor market flooded and prevent wages for American workers from rising.
The Kochs' most recent attempt to galvanize support for mass immigration came in the form of a seven-figure ad campaign in which they advocated for giving amnesty to millions of illegal aliens by using the words of the Washington, D.C., political establishment, which is unified not only on mass immigration, but also on endless free trade and foreign interventionism.
The Koch brothers' agenda of a low-wage economy with mass immigration is at deep odds with Republican voters and Trump supporters. Most recent polling reveals that reducing overall immigration to the U.S. is more important than tax cuts, repealing Obamacare, and even destroying the Islamic State (ISIS).
Reducing immigration was a bigger priority for GOP voters than tax cuts, repealing Obamacare, getting the U.S. out of the Iran Deal, destroying ISIS, and expanding family leave. https://t.co/pUz16TCR6j — John Binder 👽 (@JxhnBinder) April 10, 2018
Premier League leaders Manchester City paid the price for missed chances as they were held to a 1-1 draw at Burnley on Saturday with Johann Berg Gudmundsson's 82nd minute equaliser earning the hosts a share of the points. City had dominated possession throughout most of the game, which they strolled through for large spells, but after taking the lead with a beautiful strike from Brazilian Danilo in the 22nd minute, they failed to press home their advantage.
Raheem Sterling produced one of the misses of the season – somehow putting the ball wide just one metre out from the empty goal and Burnley made the most of that let-off.
City extended their lead to 16 points over second-placed rivals Manchester United, who were hosting Huddesfield Town later on Saturday. City now have 69 points from 26 games.
City manager Pep Guardiola, without the injured David Silva, Leroy Sané and Gabriel Jesus, named only six substitutes including club record signing Aymeric Laporte, signed for a club record 57 million pounds ($80.48 million) last week.
In an attacking line-up, Burnley boss Sean Dyche gave winger Aaron Lennon his first start since joining from Everton.
City went ahead when a short corner was worked to Danilo and, enjoying plenty of space, the Brazilian unleashed an unstoppable drive from outside the area.
CITY QUALITY
The Clarets were struggling to create openings but when Jack Cork looped the ball into the area, it fell to defender Ben Mee whose volley forced a good save from Ederson.
Former City youth team player Mee had another half-chance minutes later but his header from a corner flashed just wide.
City showcased their quality in the 39th minute with a flowing move from the back, ending with a powerful drive from Kevin De Bruyne which keeper Nick Pope did well to keep out.
After the break, there was almost a repeat of the opening goal when City again found Danilo from a corner but this time the full back's shot was tipped over by Pope.
Somehow Burnley were still in the game and they came close to levelling when a fine Lennon strike was pushed against the woodwork by Ederson.
That brought the game to life and City pushed forward with increased urgency and should have doubled their lead when Kyle Walker played the ball across the face of goal and somehow Sterling put it wide from point-blank range.
City were made to pay when Burnley substitute Matt Lowton floated in a cross from the right and Gudmundsson met it on the half-volley to fire home and give the hosts one of the more memorable results of a season that has defied expectations.
-Reuters
When functioning appropriately, the immune system protects us from multiple threats such as pathogens, disease-causing microbes, and tumors. However, when the immune system is inappropriately activated, it attacks our own body, causing autoimmune syndromes. In the classical view, autoimmunity is considered as a result of an hyperactive immune system. However, it has recently become clear that autoimmunity can also occur as a result of a weakened immune response. This new view is crucial for the strategy of therapeutic intervention: immune suppression versus immune stimulation. Within the framework of this new concept, Dr. Susana Minguet and colleagues searched for models in which a weakened immune response was associated to autoimmunity, thus identifying the membrane protein Caveolin-1 as a key regulator of this paradoxical scenario.
The team of scientists identified the protein Caveolin-1 as a crucial regulator of the organization of the plasma membrane of B cells. B cells recognize pathogens using the B cell antigen receptor (BCR), a receptor located at the cell surface, linking the extracellular space- where most pathogens are recognized- with the intracellular space. Thus, the BCR works as an "antenna" that allows B cells to sense infections, become activated, and eliminate the threat. Recent work from Prof. Reth, also coauthor in this study, and Dr. Batista (Boston, USA) has demonstrated that these antennas are not randomly distributed on the surface of B cells, but highly organized in protein islands which coalesce when the BCR recognizes a threat. Now, Dr. Susana Minguet and co-workers have demonstrated that the protein Caveolin-1 regulates this organization, which is crucial for an efficient transmission of the activating signals to the B cells, in order to mount an immune response against the pathogen. Thus, in the absence of Caveolin-1, B cells do not sense the threat properly, thus hampering a proper immune response.
The authors went one-step forward, demonstrating that the deficient activation of the BCRs also led to autoimmune disease in animal models. Newly generated B cells have to be educated to be blind to self-molecules, while still being able to recognize and become activated by pathogenic molecules. This mechanism is known as B cell tolerance and relies on in the efficient transmission of signals by the BCR. In this study, Dr. Susana Minguet and colleagues demonstrated that newly generated B cells lacking the protein Caveolin-1 do not properly organize their BCR on the cell surface and fail to transmit the signals needed to establish tolerance. Thus, B cells lacking the protein Caveolin-1 are not blind to self-molecules, recognizing them as a threat instead, thus becoming activated and triggering an active immune response against self, i.e. autoimmunity.
These results, published by Nature Immunology, have the potential to improve our current understanding and treatment of autoimmune disorders, since the scientific community at present lacks proper models recapitulating the autoimmunity that is associated with immunodeficiency as observed in patients.
###
Dr. Susana Minguet started the project in 2008 in the laboratory of Dr. Miguel Angel Del Pozo at the Centro Nacional de Investigaciones Cardiovasculares Carlos III supported first by a MINECO grant and later by the Ramón y Cajal program from the Spanish Ministry of Economy and Competitiveness. In July 2011, Dr. Minguet moved to the University of Freiburg as an independent group leader, pursuing this project under the umbrella of the Cluster of Excellence BIOSS Centre for Biological Signalling Studies and the Center for Chronic Immunodeficiency (CCI), and the support of the Collaborative Research Center 1160 "Immune-mediated pathology as consequence of impaired immune reactions (IMPATH)" at the University of Freiburg, and in close collaboration with the groups of Prof. Miguel A. Del Pozo and Prof. Michael Reth.
White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders is scheduled to deliver an on camera press briefing at 2:45 p.m. ET Wednesday. Watch live below:
﻿
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Paul Tisdale lashed out at the condition of the pitch following his Exeter side's 1-0 defeat at Cambridge United.
The Grecians boss claimed the Cambs Glass Stadium pitch was “a really poor surface” and blamed it for a miss by Joel Grant during the Sky Bet League Two game.
“It was very nearly an excellent performance. From start to finish I thought we applied ourselves and passed it on a really, really difficult surface - a really poor surface - we passed it from start to finish,” he told the Exeter Express & Echo.
“Apart from the goal against, which is obviously always a disappointment, I thought we played pretty well.
"It was all about the result, I know, but the performance was excellent and unfortunately didn't create the result we wanted.
"Joel did nothing wrong, he had a very good header at the back post and you couldn't even call the other a chance, the way it bobbled in front of him.
“It was so unlucky, it flashed across the face of goal and the surface was poor - I thought we played really well on it.
"It's all about the result, I'm not blind to that, but the players have got to move on knowing they gave it a really good go.
“We'll pick out some points to learn from but, generally, it keeps us going forward with, I think, some real positive performances on the pitch."
MO SALAH WILL be looking to add to his 41 goals in a brilliant debut season with Liverpool against his former side Roma in the first leg of their Champions League semi-final on Tuesday.
Salah starts alongside Roberto Firmino and Sadio Mane in a front three that have combined for 83 goals this season as Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp named the same side that started a 3-0 thrashing of Manchester City in their quarter-final, first leg.
Roma make just one change from the side that produced a stunning comeback from a 4-1 first-leg deficit to beat Barcelona on away goals a fortnight ago to reach the last four for the first time since they lost the 1984 final to Liverpool.
Cengiz Under replaces Patrik Schick up front as Eusebio Di Francesco looks to stick with the 3-5-2 formation that caused havoc for the Catalan giants.
Liverpool (4-3-3):
Loris Karius; Trent Alexander-Arnold, Dejan Lovren, Virgil van Dijk, Andy Robertson; Jordan Henderson (captain), James Milner, Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain; Mohamed Salah, Roberto Firmino, Sadio Mane
Coach: Jurgen Klopp (GER)
Roma (3-5-2):
Alisson Becker; Juan Jesus, Federico Fazio, Kostas Manolas; Alessandro Florenzi, Kevin Strootman, Daniele De Rossi (capt), Radja Nainggolan, Aleksandar Kolarov; Edin Dzeko, Cengiz Under
Coach: Eusebio di Francesco (ITA)
Referee: Felix Brych (GER)
- © AFP 2018
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
India's Supreme Court ordered the dismissal on Monday of the president of the country's powerful cricket board over the failure to enact recommended reforms.
In a shock ruling, a panel of judges said that Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) president Anurag Thakur and the organisation's number two Ajay Shirke had to stand down immediately.
“The Supreme Court passes an order directing the BCCI president and secretary to desist from any board functions from hereon,” said the ruling.
The order comes after judges also slapped restrictions on the BCCI's accounts last year over its failure to implement a series of reforms recommended by a panel headed by a former top judge, Rajendra Mal Lodha.
Responding to the latest judgement, Lodha said that it was an inevitable consequence of the board's foot-dragging.
“One should understand that when the order of the Supreme Court, which is the highest court of the land, has come, it has to be obeyed by all. It is the law of the land. Nobody can escape it,” Lodha told reporters.
“There were obstructions. There were impediments. We fixed the timeline that was not adhered to. We submitted three reports before the Supreme Court, even then it was not implemented.”
Cricket's massive popularity in India has helped the BCCI become by far the wealthiest of all of the cricket's national boards, netting massive money from sponsorship and TV deals.
© Alexey Nikolsky
© RIA Novosti/Reuters
Vladimir V. Putin, Russia's president, hardly misses a chance to talk tough on terrorism, once famously saying he would find Chechen terrorists sitting in the "outhouse" and "rub them out."He and President Trump, notably dismissive of political correctness, would seem to have found common language on fighting terrorism - except on one point of, w ell, language.During his campaign, Mr. Trump associated Islam with terrorism and criticized President Obama for declining to use the phrase "radical Islamic terrorism.", whom Mr. Trump so openly admires for his toughness,At the opening of a mosque in Moscow in 2015, Mr. Putin spoke of terrorists who "cynically exploit religious feelings for political aims."In the Middle East, Mr. Putin said at the mosque opening, "terrorists from the so-called Islamic State are compromising a great world religion, compromising Islam, sowing hatred, killing people, including clergy," and added that "their ideology is built on lies and blatant distortions of Islam."He was careful to add, "Muslim leaders are bravely and fearlessly using their own influence to resist this extremist propaganda."And, this being Russia, the failure to adhere to this Kremlin-determined interpretation is a prosecutable offense:"Putin prides himself on Russia's intelligence capabilities," the Brookings Institution wrote in a study of the early formation of his counterterrorism policies. "Russian leaders think they know their enemy," and it is not the governments of majority Muslim countries such as Iraq and Iran, or the majority of Muslims living in Russia.Instead, Russian counterterrorism strategy focused on financing and militarily backing moderate Muslim leaders, with the breakthrough in the Chechen war coming when the region's imam, Akhmad Kadyrov, allied with the Russian military. His son, Ramzan Kadyrov, leads the region today.While embracing Islamic leaders as a centerpiece of its counterterrorism strategy, however, the Kremlin did not avoid drawing distinctions along religious lines.. The Wahhabi strain was outlawed in another restive, predominantly Muslim province, Dagestan, and its adherents are persecuted in Russia, rights groups say.Still, the alliance with moderate Islamic religious leaders became important in pacifying Chechnya and other North Caucasus regions, which have ceased to pose a serious security threat to Russia."Putin rules a multiconfessional country," Orkhan Dzhemal, a commentator on Islamic affairs, said in a telephone interview, noting that in the United States, in contrast, Muslims are not a powerful political force. "He cannot say 'Islamic terrorism' for a simple reason. He doesn't want to alienate millions of Russians."The term preferred in Russian political parlance is "international terrorism."
Related Coverage Inmate forced to take drugs will represent himself at trial
HARTFORD, Conn. (AP) — A trial is set to begin in a lawsuit filed by a Connecticut prison inmate who says he was injected with psychotropic drugs against his will.
Jury selection in the case of Kacey Lewis is scheduled to begin Tuesday in federal court in Hartford. A jury trial is set to start Thursday.
Related Content: Inmate forced to take drugs will represent himself at trial
Court records say Lewis was shackled and subdued with pepper spray for some of the 42 injections he received at Northern Correctional Institution in Somers. He's suing three doctors and other staff for allegedly violating his constitutional rights.
Lewis is serving a 15-year sentence for assaulting and kidnapping his girlfriend. He says he isn't mentally ill.
Medical staff say in court documents that Lewis needed to be involuntary medicated and they followed a legal process to do so.
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
ELIZABETHTOWN —Bobby Ludlum knows exactly what kind of need there is for getting a stuffed animal into the hands of a young child during a stressful time.
“I was involved with someone locally who was having a family dispute, and there was a young child involved,” he said. “I'm so glad you are doing this.”
Ludlum was visiting the Bladen Journal office on Wednesday to deliver several stuffed animals for the newspaper's first-ever “Have a Heart Stuffed Animal Drive,” which will benefit the Bladen County Sheriff's Office and give its deputies something to give young children during tragic circumstances to soothe them.
“We only started this project a handful of days ago, and we've already had several folks bring stuffed animals,” said W. Curt Vincent, general manager and editor of the Bladen Journal. “We can't thank those folks enough — and there have also been several others who have inquired about what we are doing and indicated they would be donating soon.”
The collection will run through Wednesday, Feb. 28.
The newspaper staff is looking for stuffed animals that are preferably new or incredibly gently used and are not particularly large — specifically those that are appropriate for children between the ages of 1 and 10. Almost any type of stuffed animal will be accepted and, should there be an abundance of donations, some stuffed animals may be funneled to Bladen County Hospital for children there.
The Bladen Journal has a large box positioned in the front window to hold donations through the month of February. Then the contributed stuffed animals will be presented to the Bladen County Sheriff's Office in early March.
“This is a perfect opportunity for school groups, church youth groups, business groups, individuals and civic clubs to participate,” Vincent said. “The donation of one stuffed animal or 50 will certainly go a long way in this county.”
Anyone with questions can call 910-862-4163 during regular business hours.
Chrysta Carroll | Bladen Journal Bobby Ludlum presents a stuffed animal to Trudy McLeod, advertising rep for the Bladen Journal, as part of his donation to the ‘Have a Heart Stuffed Animal Drive.' http://www.bladenjournal.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/02/web1_BobbyBear.jpg Chrysta Carroll | Bladen Journal Bobby Ludlum presents a stuffed animal to Trudy McLeod, advertising rep for the Bladen Journal, as part of his donation to the ‘Have a Heart Stuffed Animal Drive.'
[India], December 12 (ANI): A Delhi Court on Tuesday granted bail to meat exporter Moin Qureshi in a money laundering case.
Qureshi was arrested on August 25 after a case was filed against him last year under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act on the charges of illegal forex dealings and tax evasion.
On December 4, during the argument, Qureshi's lawyer had said that no purpose would be served by keeping him in further custody.
The probe in the case was already complete and he was not required further by the Enforcement Directorate (ED), which is investigating the matter.
The counsel on behalf of ED, advocate Naveen Matta, however, opposed the bail saying that if the bail is granted, then he would influence the witnesses. Few weeks ago, the Delhi High Court dismissed the plea and said that there was no illegality in Qureshi's arrest. Qureshi was arrested on August 25 under the provisions of the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA). While opposing Qureshi's plea, the ED and the Centre contested that "questioning of his arrest was an 'abuse' of the legal process" and told the court that there were serious charges of hawala transactions against him. Qureshi is accused of hawala transactions through Delhi-based hawala operators Parvez Ali of Turkman Gate and M/s South Delhi Money Changer (DAMINI) in Greater Kailash-1. (ANI)
2:18 Keller Girls Avoid Bi-District Upset, Outlast North Crowley Pause
2:16 Institutional racism targeted by FWISD policy
11:30 Two views of Jacqueline Craig's arrest: See the bodycam and cell phone videos side-by-side
0:34 Corner Bakery in Plano heavily damaged by fire early Wednesday
1:05 The Dallas Cowboys season in 60 seconds: Watch
0:52 Remains found in shallow grave identified as missing college student Zuzu Verk
2:05 The Baker Hotel: Amazing views of it now and in the future
2:40 Texas woman convicted of voter fraud says she voted Republican
1:59 Opal Lee goes to Washington
The Logan High School girls' basketball team put up a good fight but lost 59-47 on Monday night to Mingo Central at Logan's Willie Akers Arena in a battle of Class AA sectional rivals.
Mingo Central improved to 16-6 overall and 8-5 in the Cardinal Conference with the win. Logan fell to 6-13, 4-9.
The Miners swept the season series with the Lady Cats, also winning 56-36 on Dec. 12 at home.
Mingo Central led 16-11 after one quarter, 27-22 at the half and 46-36 after three. The Miners outpointed Logan 13-11 in the fourth to set the final score.
Kaileah Williams led Logan with a team-high 18 points. Holly Toler had 12, Ally Sipple six, Britney Welch five and Alexis Perry, Julianna Carter and Jazmyne Early had two each.
Tyshira Joplin pitched in a game-high 23 to pace Mingo Central. Katie Ball had 14, Xziah Rhodes 13 and Kylee Varney seven.
Logan is scheduled to host Class A Tolsia on Wednesday at 7 p.m. in the Lady Cats' Senior Night game.
Logan and Mingo Central are scheduled to play in the Class AA sectional tournament beginning this Saturday.
Sectional coaches were expected to vote on the sectional tournament seedings on Tuesday. Chapmanville, Lincoln County, Scott and Man are the other teams in the six-team section.
Poca 55, Man 21
The Man High School girls' basketball team dropped to 4-16 on the season with Monday night's 55-21 blowout loss at Poca.
The Dots (16-5) sank 10 3-pointers in the game and were led by Casey Skeens, who tossed in 18 points. Madi Ord had 16 and Aubrey Chandler 10.
Man closes out the regular season Thursday at home against Scott at 6 p.m. The Lady Billies will then play an undetermined foe on Saturday in the Class AA sectional tournament.
——-
Cardinal Conference
Girls' Basketball Standings
SOUTH DIVISION
Team Conf. All
Wayne 8-4 12-8
Mingo Central 8-5 16-6
Chapmanville 7-5 14-6
Logan 4-9 6-13
Scott 1-12 9-12
—-
NORTH DIVISION
Team Conf. All
Winfield 10-2 18-3
Sissonville 10-2 16-5
Poca 10-3 16-5
Nitro 4-9 10-12
Herbert Hoover 0-13 2-20
By Paul Adkins [email protected]
(Paul Adkins is the Sports Editor of the Logan Banner. He can be reached by email at [email protected] or on Twitter @PAdkinsBanner).
(Paul Adkins is the Sports Editor of the Logan Banner. He can be reached by email at [email protected] or on Twitter @PAdkinsBanner).
THE AFL's new match review panel officer has his first task.
And it involves a controversial incident in which a Collingwood player appears to kick a Carlton rival in the groin region.
Michael Christian - who was appointed as the league's sole adjudicator on all offences in December - will have his first day on the job on Monday when he will assess all incidents that arise from the first weekend of AFL Women's.
Last night's clash between Carlton and Collingwood saw the first report of the season with Pie Sarah D'Arcy booked for kicking Blue Sarah Hosking in the groin as she made her way up off the ground.
Hosking was awarded a free kick in the incident and later admitted it had “hurt”.
“You don't want that sort of stuff to happen,” she said.
Camera Icon Sarah D'Arcy could find herself in hot water. Picture: Getty Images
“We'll leave it up to the umpires and the match review to deal with that.
“As long as I can get back up and continue playing then I'll keep going for it and they can deal with that.”
Hosking, 22, was sent to the ground by the kick and was visibly in pain before raising to take her free kick
“Yeah it hurt - I'm not going to lie,” she said on Channel 7.
“I'm just glad I'm not a boy, that's for sure.
“I'm sure I'll have a little bit of a bruise later.”
The tribunal system includes categories for contact to the groin.
The incident was one of the main talking points from the AFLW opener, which saw Carlton hold on to defeat an inaccurate and wasteful Collingwood at Ikon Park.
The Magpies got off to a fast start and dominated possession for the majority of the match but didn't have the polish up forward to capitalise on the scoreboard.
Boom recruit Tayla Harris was a standout for the Blues, taking two big contested marks and providing a focal point up forward, while fellow recruit Nicola Stevens was also prolific.
For the Magpies, draftee Chloe Molloy was impressive on debut playing down back despite being the equal leading goalkicker in the VFLW last year.
By
Eric Allen, age 25, of Game Cock Road (East Bernstadt) was arrested off KY 490 (London) after a complaint he was at a business stating that he was going to arrest deputies and wanted the news there because they took all his dope. Allen admitted to being on methamphetamine.
Subscribe to the Manchester Enterprise Today!
Click Here To Subscribe On-line
Sheriff John Root is reporting that: Deputy Travis Napier along with Deputy Cody Faulconer and Deputy Gary Mehler arrested Eric Allen age 25 of Game Cock Rd., East Bernstadt on Saturday afternoon December 31, 2016 at approximately 2:31 PM. The arrest occurred off Ky 490 approximately 6 miles north of London after deputies were dispatched to a complaint that a male subject was at a business off Ky 490 creating a disturbance there stating that he was going to arrest deputies and wanted the news there. When deputies arrived at the scene and located this subject he stated that he was mad because we took all his dope. This subject admitted to being on methamphetamine and following an investigation by deputies was determined to be under the influence. Eric Allen was charged with public intoxication – controlled substances and was lodged in the Laurel County detention Center. Photo courtesy of the Laurel County detention Center.
Rail passengers in Yorkshire have been told to expect better and more frequent services around the region with the start of the arrival of a fleet of new ultra-modern trains later this year.
Rail firm Northern is preparing to phase out its outdated Pacer trains from December and to replace it predominantly with a fleet of new trains worth half a billion pounds and capable of reaching 100mph.
The new trains, coupled with new services, will see Northern offering tens of millions of new services by 2025.
David Brown, managing director at Northern, called the investment ‘a landmark moment for rail travel in the north of England'.
“As well as looking as 21st Century trains, our new state-of-the-art units will be capable of travelling at 100mph, will have wifi, plug sockets at every seat, will be air conditioned and fully accessible,” he said.
The first new trains are set to come off of the production line in Zaragoza, Spain, and will be phased into the Northern network from December and throughout next year.
His colleague Richard Allan, head of customer experience, called the investment “a real vote of confidence in the north”.
“It is half a billion pounds worth of new trains coming in for local rail in particular,” he told The Yorkshire Post
“Other operators have had new trains coming in for longer distance journeys but to get half a billion pounds worth of investment into local rail certainly has not happened for a generation.”
He added: “A lot of people have been campaigning for this for many years, including business and media, and saying that the North deserves better.
Richard Allan, Northern Rail
“Well, the north is getting what it deserves and we don't want to stop here, we want to do more of it and will be pushing for more.
“Over the course of the franchise we expect to carry a significant number of more journeys.”
WICHITA, Kan. (AP) - A Muslim aerospace engineer has sued the Spirit Boeing Employees Association for religious discrimination stemming from a party at a lake in Wichita, Kansas.
The American Civil Liberties Union filed a federal lawsuit Friday on behalf of Munir Zanial, a Malaysian national of Indian ancestry.
The association declined to comment.
Zanial rented the group's lake last year to host a party to celebrate Malaysian Independence Day. The lawsuit alleges the association reported him out of fear he used the lake to hold an Islamic State meeting.
It alleged an American flag that had been "desecrated ISIS symbols." But the flag was actually a Malaysian flag and the guests included people of Malaysian Indian ancestry, some wearing hijabs.
Spirit filed a complaint with the FBI, and the association terminated his rental benefits.
This undated photo provided by Eric Paddock shows his brother, Las Vegas gunman Stephen Paddock. On Sunday, Oct. 1, 2017, Stephen Paddock opened fire on the Route 91 Harvest Festival killing dozens and wounding hundreds. Courtesy of Eric Paddock via AP)
An Oklahoma City woman who prosecutors say dressed like a witch while severely abusing her 7-year-old granddaughter was sentenced last week to life in prison, PEOPLE confirms.
It was two months ago that Geneva Robinson, 51, and her 33-year-old boyfriend and co-defendant, Joshua Granger, pleaded guilty to child abuse and neglect charges.
On Thursday, Robinson learned she'll spend the rest of her life behind bars when she received three life sentences; Granger received a 30-year sentence for helping Robinson commit the abuse.
The defendants initially faced a combined 29 counts of felony child abuse and neglect.
Robinson assaulted her granddaughter for more than a year, prosecutors said, including burning the girl with cigarettes, smacking her in the face and beating her with a rolling pin.
She painted her skin green and dressed in black whenever assuming the persona of the abusive “Nelda the Witch,” according to court documents obtained by PEOPLE.
Robinson also removed the girl from the local school system and deprived her of food. Court records further confirm Robinson often forced her granddaughter to sleep outside with her dogs.
• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage? Click here to get breaking crime news, ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter.
As she was sentenced, prosecutors also released cellphone video showing some of her abuse.
In the footage, which PEOPLE declined to publish, Robinson appears dressed as “Nelda” and grabs the girl by the throat before dragging her across the floor.
She tells the child she's going to eat her, according to the video.
A History of Violence
Detectives began investigating Robinson in 2014, after receiving a call from workers at Griffin Memorial Hospital in Norman, Oklahoma, where she had tried to have her granddaughter committed — saying she couldn't control the girl.
The victim told investigators her grandmother regularly whipped her, beat her and pinched her skin with pliers, court documents state. She also said she went days without eating.
The girl told detectives her grandmother would wear a green mask and bring her into the garage, where she was restrained and forced to sleep on a pair of pants, according to the documents. Robinson also used a pink dog leash to tie her up and suspend her from the ceiling.
Inside Robinson's home, police recovered the leash as well as a horse whip.
Court records indicate Robinson allegedly utilized her “Nelda” character on others, including the girl's father when he was a child.
The victim, who is now 9, addressed Robinson in a letter that was read in court on Thursday, a court official confirms.
“I love you,” the girl wrote, the official says. “I forgive you. You're the best grandmother I ever had.”
It was not immediately clear in whose custody the child is now.
Lawyers for both defendants were unavailable for comment Monday afternoon.
New Delhi: The Under-19 Indian Cricket team has won the World Cup and people in the country can't stop going gaga over it. In a country, where cricket is a religion, celebrations begin the moment India wins a match. And today, as young India lifted the World Cup, an avalanche of reactions poured in on social media to cheer for the boys in blue.
A string of celebrities from the tinsel town lauded India's victory against Australia today.
Here are some of the tweets that have come from our film celebs:
Shah Rukh Khan: Wow. What a proud moment for young India. Well done lil ones…May u keep conquering the world. And keep playing FIFA ...on the side. A great morning.
Wow. What a proud moment for young India. Well done lil ones_May u keep conquering the world. And keep playing FIFA ...on the side. A great morning. pic.twitter.com/2aLycIud95 - Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) February 3, 2018
Amitabh Bachchan: T 2603 -YEEEAAAHHHHHHHH !! #INDIACHAMPIONS !! UNDER 19 WORLD CRICKET CHAMPIONS .. THE ONLY NATION TO HAVE WON 4 TIMES !! AMAZING ! Well done India U19 cricket , you have given us such pride and joy ! INDIA ! INDIA ! INDIA !..गूँज रहा है विश्व भर में !!
T 2603 -YEEEAAAHHHHHHHH !! #INDIACHAMPIONS !! UNDER 19 WORLD CRICKET CHAMPIONS .. THE ONLY NATION TO HAVE WON 4 TIMES !! AMAZING ! Well done India U19 cricket , you have given us such pride and joy ! INDIA ! INDIA ! INDIA !__________ ..____ ___ __ _____ __ ___ !! pic.twitter.com/lyKFPTWZRc — Amitabh Bachchan (@SrBachchan) February 3, 2018
Anil Kapoor: And our #boysinblue have done it again! Congratulations #TeamIndia on winning the #U19CWCFinal! It's been a delight to watch you all play!! The future of Indian Cricket is strong & bright! Congratulations to the proud coach #RahulDravid as well!! #INDvAUS
And our #boysinblue have done it again! Congratulations #TeamIndia on winning the #U19CWCFinal! It's been a delight to watch you all play!! The future of Indian Cricket is strong & bright! Congratulations to the proud coach #RahulDravid as well!! ____#INDvAUS pic.twitter.com/dAlNckH04M — Anil Kapoor (@AnilKapoor) February 3, 2018
Riteish Deshmukh: #ManjotKalra you beauty #TeamIndia the champions. The WALL #RahulDravid stands tall in this victory. Congratulations !! वाह!! दिल जीत लिया.....#U19WorldCup
‏Arjun Kapoor: We are the champions! Congrats under 19 team India for this amazing victory! #U19CWC
We are the champions! Congrats under 19 team India for this amazing victory! #U19CWC — Arjun Kapoor (@arjunk26) February 3, 2018
Vivek Oberoi: Yayyy! Congrats team India under 19 and the amazing #RahulDravid ! So proud of u! Unbeaten champs through the tournament! 4world titles a record we are all so proud of! Jai hind #BoysinBlue #under19worldcup @BCCI
Yayyy! Congrats team India under 19 and the amazing #RahulDravid ! So proud of u! Unbeaten champs through the tournament! 4world titles a record we are all so proud of! Jai hind __ #BoysinBlue #under19worldcup @BCCI pic.twitter.com/KRiWdQf5eI - Vivek Anand Oberoi (@vivekoberoi) February 3, 2018
Farhan Akhtar: Congratulations team India. Well played. Well deserved. And a special mention for Rahul Dravid who is giving back to the game like a true champion. #ICCU19CWC
Congratulations team India. Well played. Well deserved. And a special mention for Rahul Dravid who is giving back to the game like a true champion. #ICCU19CWC — Farhan Akhtar (@FarOutAkhtar) February 3, 2018
Preity Zinta: Congrats to the U19 Boys in Blue for winning the #CWCU19 Loved the celebration Rahul Dravid take a bow. #INDvAUS #kalra #undefeated
Congrats to the U19 Boys in Blue __ for winning the #CWCU19__ Loved the celebration _ Rahul Dravid take a bow. #INDvAUS #kalra #undefeated — Preity zinta (@realpreityzinta) February 3, 2018
Ayushmann Khurrana‏: Congrats team India for winning the under 19 World Cups. Prithwi, Shubman, Nagarkoti, Mavi etc have a very bright future. May India's dominance in world cricket continue.
Congrats team India for winning the under 19 World Cups. Prithwi, Shubman, Nagarkoti, Mavi etc have a very bright future. May India's dominance in world cricket continue. — Ayushmann Khurrana (@ayushmannk) February 3, 2018
Raveena Tandon: @Under19WorldCup our Young #BoysInBlue waved the #BharatArmy”flag dedicating their win to Indian Army ! Awesome gesture! #WorldCupunder19 #deshKeYuvak kaise hon? Aise bano,Bhai,aise bano! “
Saiyami Kher: World champions!!! What a dominating performance by team India...Incredible! @Shaw_Prithvi congratulations to you and the boys!
Rahul Dravid you genius. Thankyou
#U19CWC
#INDvAUS
#RahulDravid
World champions!!! What a dominating performance by team India...Incredible! @Shaw_Prithvi congratulations to you and the boys!
Rahul Dravid you genius. Thankyou #U19CWC #INDvAUS #RahulDravid - Saiyami Kher (@SaiyamiKher) February 3, 2018
Sophie Choudry: And the young boys in blue be making us PROUD!! Congrats on becoming world champions boys!!!And huge respect to their guiding light & true gentleman #RahulDravid #U19WorldCupFinal #U19CWCFinal #Indiachampions #BleedBlue
And the young boys in blue be making us PROUD!! Congrats on becoming world champions boys!!!And huge respect to their guiding light & true gentleman #RahulDravid ______ #U19WorldCupFinal #U19CWCFinal #Indiachampions #BleedBlue — Sophie Choudry (@Sophie_Choudry) February 3, 2018
Vatsal Seth: We are the Champions!! Congratulations boys #U19WorldCupFinal #Under19WC #TeamIndia
India today lifted a record fourth U-19 World Cup trophy after an eight-wicket rout of Australia in the final. With a fourth crown, India surpassed Australia in the race of most U-19 World Cup titles.
ENFIELD, Conn. (AP) — Police are trying to find the source of a large amount of blood found in a Connecticut apartment building.
Both the Suffield and Enfield police departments were called to the Countrywood Apartments in Enfield Sunday. Suffield police say they were called to the scene because of a domestic dispute, while Enfield police say they received a call about blood in a hallway in front of an apartment.
Authorities say the two cases are connected.
Two people who were involved have been hospitalized for minor injuries, but police say their injuries are not consistent with the amount of blood found. Police are now searching for a third person who they say could be seriously injured.
State police are assisting with the investigation.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
HOUSTON - Heavy rain in Houston has cars splashing through flooded roads.
Authorities urge drivers to avoid flooded streets, but some drivers may have had few alternatives since water is covering many roadways in the area.
The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reports that most flood-related drownings happen when a vehicle is driven into hazardous flood water.
Heavy rain has also forced the city to cancel its annual Freedom Over Texas celebration, though the fireworks show will go on as planned.
Copyright 2018 by WSLS 10 - All rights reserved.
WASHINGTON – If it's a holiday, it must be time for President Donald Trump to hit the golf course.
Right on schedule, the presidential motorcade arrived at the Trump National Golf Club in suburban Virginia in the late morning, the middle of a day that also has the president tweeting and hosting a military-themed picnic later at the White House.
As he departed the presidential mansion in the morning, Trump took to Twitter.
In addition to a general salutation – "Happy Fourth of July....Our Country is doing GREAT!" – Trump also tweeted out a video in which he salutes the authors of the Declaration of Independence and the American solders who won the revolutionary war against Great Britain.
Happy Fourth of July....Our Country is doing GREAT! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 4, 2018
Trump also saluted current members of the U.S. armed forces – "truly special people" – saying "we are in awe of their courage, and we are eternally in their debt."
Later in the day, the president and first lady Melania Trump will host a July Fourth picnic for military families at the White House.
The Trumps and their guests will watch fireworks from the South Lawn.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Peel Harvey Biosecurity Group is asking landholders to help keep rainbow lorikeet numbers down by keeping date and cotton palm trunks smooth and clear from the base of the tree to the crown.
The rainbow lorikeet is a declared pest in southern parts of WA due to the risk they pose to the agricultural industry, especially fruit crops, while competing with native animals for shelter and food.
Because of the risk they pose, any lorikeets spotted outside the metro area should be reported immediately to prevent populations settling in other areas.
Rainbow lorikeet sightings in the Peel-Harvey region can be reported to the Pest and Diseases Information Service on 9368 3080 or email padis@dpird.wa.gov.au.
For more information on maintaining palm trees and preventing rainbow lorikeet's breeding go to www.dpaw.wa.gov.au/plants-and-animals/animals/living-with-wildlife.
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Kyle Howkins is being backed to make his mark in the Cambridge United defence following his loan move from West Bromwich.
United announced the 21-year-old centre-half had joined on a six-month loan deal from Albion on Saturday prior to their 2-1 defeat at home to Carlisle, in which he was an unused substitute.
Howkins, who made his senior debut on loan at Kidderminster two years ago, spent last term with Mansfield, making 20 appearances along the way.
And John Lomas, who covers the Stags for the Mansfield Chad, felt United had done good business bringing in the young defender, who signed a new two-and-a-half year deal with the Premier League outfit in January.
He said: “He had a hamstring injury that kept him out for quite some time, so Mansfield had him in two chunks and in between times he went back to West Brom.
“He's very well thought of at West Brom and part of their future, but in his time at Mansfield when he was fit, he was quality, he never put a foot wrong.
“He's dominant in the air and very comfortable on the ball and you can tell he has had a good education.
“The reports we had were that Tony Pulis (Baggies boss) was desperate to keep him down there and wasn't going to let him go anywhere permanently, but he's a good addition to any side.”
Lomas felt had it not been for Mansfield signing experienced defensive duo Dave Mirfin and Zander Diamond this summer that they may have considered trying to bring Howkins back to the One Call Stadium.
He said: “They've brought in a couple of quality warhorses full-time and that gives them five centre-halves.
“George Taft missed pretty much all of last season with injury, but he's back, and we already had Rhys Bennett, who was the player of the year, and Krystian Pearce, who was right behind him.
“He's still a young lad compare to the likes of Diamond and Mirfin and there really wasn't going to be room for him.”
When setting financial goals, investors should take into account short term and long-term goals. Short-term goals could be achieved in a span of two years, whereas long term goals may stretch beyond five years.
A new investor with a personal finance goal of Rs 50 crore in 20 years raised a query to ET Mutual Funds on Monday.
“I would like to know how much should I invest through SIPs and in which funds to create a corpus of around Rs 50 crore in a span of 20 years, with moderate risk,” the enquiry read.
The expert who responded to the query called the goal ‘unrealistic'.
“Assuming an annual return of 12 per cent, you have to invest around Rs 5 lakh every month through SIPs for 20 years to create a corpus of Rs 50 crore. You might have set an unrealistic goal for yourself. You can try to quantify your various financial goals to get a realistic target corpus, and launch an investment plan to achieve it,” the response read.
While investing in mutual funds is often a sought out investment for its tax saving benefits, it may still attract some amount of tax. The different kinds of tax saving mutual funds can be open-ended, debt/income funds, liquid funds, equity growth and balanced funds.
Though investors will save a grave deal on taxes by investing in these funds, they may still have to pay taxes as applicable.
No tax is levied on long-term capital gains or for those equity mutual fund units that are being held for more than a year.
Click here to read the full story.
Tips on how to save
The instability of the global economy, together with the low growth in the country and most recently, the petrol and VAT increases over the past two months are seeing South African consumers faced with the challenge of finding effective ways to manage their money and make it work even better for them.
One of the most important ways that you can manage your money is through consistent saving. This is key to financial success. By establishing a healthy approach to saving, there's no need to rely on credit for everyday purchases.
Although credit is important to finance life's major purchases such as a home or new car, unexpected events such as emergencies happen. A good savings pool which you can access easily comes in handy during times like these.
“It is very important to think about the long-term where a reserve fund of savings can help to lower debt levels, and position consumers in a stronger financial situation,” says Shival Somai, head of compliance at Experian South Africa.
The need to save has become an even more pressing discipline for households in South Africa and with July being national savings month, there is even more reason to start this. Every year, during July, the South African Savings Institute (SASI) conducts a national savings awareness campaign to raise awareness around key aspects of saving and the benefits of short, medium and long-term planning. The 2018 theme for Savings Month is “Employer Assisted Saving”.
Experian has released these tips to help people save:
* Budget and save – have a monthly budget and stick to it and remember to not spend more than you have. Save money in your savings account for emergencies. Ignore the temptation to dig into it when shopping, keep reminding yourself why you are doing this. Always use your debit card instead of a credit card for every day purchases. This way, you can't spend more than what you actually have.
* Be honest with what you have – never buy on credit without knowing if you can afford the repayments. When applying for credit ask the credit provider to show you how much you will pay every month based on how much you spend. Then calculate how much you can afford to spend every month and do not exceed it.
* Keep check of your credit report – it is important to regularly check your credit report using services such as Experian's CreditExpert, which allows you to ensure information is up-to-date and accurate. This will help you to protect your credit reputation, which is beneficial in the long-run when you are ready to apply for credit for purchases as substantial as a home loan. Your credit report is also a way to identify any unusual activity on your existing credit accounts, thus protecting you against fraud such as identity theft.
* Pay your accounts in full and on time – don't let your account fall into arrears. Pay the full instalment amount owed. Try not to fall two or three months into arrears as credit lenders are less likely to give you credit. This will also save you from the added cost of interest.
“Many are aware that tough times are ongoing, but saving and keeping a close watch over credit usage will help you to stretch your money and live well,” ends Somai.
© REUTERS/Yves Herman
A decree from the government has made it easier for companies to move their bases out of the area.Spain's third largest bank has said it will move its headquarters from Catalonia amid increasing tensions in the region regarding an independence referendum.CaixaBank has made the decision following a decree from the government in Madrid that has made it easier for companies to move their bases out of the area.CaixaBank has approximately 25 per cent of its global business based in Catalonia and the move is not expected to affect any of the employees.It is a major blow for the region, as the bank was seen as a major sponsor of the social and cultural programmes in the region.Spain's main stock index is down slightly, with Catalan banks leading losses amid uncertainty over the region's independence bid.The Ibex 35 index lost 0.9 per cent to 10.126 points in Madrid by midday on 6 October.The biggest fallers were Banco Sabadell, the country's fifth-largest bank by assets, and Caixabank, Spain's third-largest.
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — North Korea says it released an American university student over what it calls humanitarian reasons in its first official comment since he was returned to his home state of Ohio in a coma.
The state-run Korean Central News Agency on Thursday said Otto Warmbier had been sentenced to hard labor but didn't comment on his medical condition.
The 22-year-old Warmbier, a University of Virginia undergraduate, was convicted and sentenced in a one-hour trial in North Korea's Supreme Court in March 2016. He got 15 years in prison with hard labor for subversion after he tearfully confessed that he had tried to steal a propaganda banner.
His father, Fred Warmbier, told Fox News that his son was “terrorized and brutalized” and has been in a coma for more than a year.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Michael Flynn's conversations with a Russian diplomat roiled the White House and put a spotlight on a little-enforced law prohibiting U.S. citizens from trying to influence a foreign government in disputes with the United States.
Flynn resigned as national security adviser after conceding that he may have discussed U.S. sanctions in phone calls with Russia's ambassador to the United States while Barack Obama was still in office. Those conversations may have violated the Logan Act, which aims to bar private citizens from conducting diplomacy, though White House spokesman Sean Spicer said Tuesday that no legal issues arose.
Still, the centuries-old act has been so rarely invoked that legal experts say it may no longer be valid. And no one has been found guilty of violating the act in its more than 200-year history.
A look at the Logan Act and whether such conversations could lead to charges.
Advertisement
WHAT IS THE LOGAN ACT?
Lawmakers enacted the Logan Act in 1799 after George Logan, a friend of Thomas Jefferson, made a private visit to France in an attempt to ease tensions with the United States after the French Revolution. That trip was sharply criticized back home as an inappropriate interference in affairs between the two countries, prompting the passage of the law.
HAS IT EVER BEEN USED BEFORE?
Since then, there appear to have been very few indictments, and no prosecutions, under the obscure act. Legal experts say that would make potential violations even harder to prove in court.
The one known indictment came in 1803 after a Kentucky farmer wrote a newspaper article advocating for a separate country within the United States that would ally with France. But no prosecution followed.
“It really is an anachronism,” written during a very different time in diplomatic and constitutional history, said Stephen Vladeck, a professor at the University of Texas School of Law. “The statue was written at a time when Congress thought it had the power to criminalize this kind of ill-conceived, but not illegal, speech.”
Over the years, politicians and public figures have been accused of violating the Logan Act, often by political rivals. The Rev. Jesse Jackson's diplomatic activities in several countries in the 1980s, including trips to Cuba to negotiate the release of prisoners, raised questions about whether he violated the act. So did former NBA star Dennis Rodman's travels to North Korea to meet with dictator Kim Jong-un in 2014. Another allegation involved a letter sent by 47 Republican senators to Iran's leaders in 2015, warning them against making a nuclear deal with Obama.
None of those cases yielded criminal charges. A court could find the Logan Act no longer valid under a legal doctrine that says statutes become unenforceable if they are never used.
IF FLYNN DISCUSSED SANCTIONS, DIDN'T HE BREAK THE LAW?
Discussing economic sanctions against Russia with the Russian envoy during the American presidential transition could have been a violation of the act. But that doesn't mean it will result in charges against Flynn. Prosecutors, for questions of resources or interpretations of the law, sometimes opt not to pursue criminal cases even when presented with a clear violation. And when it comes to the Logan Act, they would have to overcome a difficult defense that Flynn's phone calls were protected free speech. They would also have to prove Flynn was actually acting without the authority of the United States, Vladeck said.
And then find a prosecutor willing to take the case.
A U.S. official told The Associated Press on Tuesday that the FBI interviewed Flynn about his actions with the ambassador. But the content of the conversations is unclear.
The official was briefed on the investigation but was not authorized to discuss it by name and spoke on condition of anonymity.
If Flynn lied to investigators, he would have opened himself up to a possible felony prosecution for making false statements.
But Vladeck called threats to prosecute under the Logan Act “an increasingly empty gesture.”
“It's a fun game for commentators to play,” he said. “It's a way of turning what looks like a really bad move into a potentially illegal one.”
___
Associated Press writer Eric Tucker contributed to this report.
WASHINGTON — Reality TV star Kim Kardashian West is heading to the White House Wednesday to make a star-powered case for prison reform and advocate on behalf of a great-grandmother serving a life sentence.
Kardashian West has urged the president to pardon Alice Marie Johnson, 63, who is serving a life sentence without parole for a non-violent drug offense.
In an interview with Mic, Kardashian West said she'd been moved by Johnson's story after seeing a video by the news outlet.
"I think that she really deserves a second chance at life," Kardashian told Mic. "I'll do whatever it takes to get her out."
She said in the interview she'd been in touch with Jared Kushner, President Donald Trump's son-in-law and senior adviser, over the case.
"I've been in communication with the White House and trying to bring her case to the president's desk and figure out how we can get her out," she said of Johnson, who has spent over two decades behind bars.
Kushner oversees the administration's push to overhaul the nation's prison system and help former inmates gain skills and more effectively make the transition back into society.
It's unclear whether Kardashian West will meet with Trump during the visit, though the president often invites visitors to the White House complex into the Oval Office for informal meetings and photo-ops.
Sign up for Newsday's Entertainment newsletter Get the latest on celebs, TV and more. By clicking Sign up, you agree to our privacy policy.
She told Mic that if she had the chance to meet the president, she'd tell him: "I really do believe that she's going to really thrive outside of prison, and I would just urge him to please pardon her."
Trump last week granted a rare posthumous pardon to boxing's first black heavyweight champion, clearing Jack Johnson's name more than 100 years after what many saw as his racially-charged conviction.
The boxer's pardon had been championed by actor Sylvester Stallone, who brought the story to Trump's attention in a spring phone call.
Trump has issued just a handful of other pardons, including one for former Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio, a staunch campaign supporter, one for Scooter Libby, who served as chief of staff to former Vice President Dick Cheney, and one for a U.S. Navy sailor convicted for taking photos of classified portions of a submarine.
Kardashian West supported Trump's rival, Democrat Hillary Clinton, during the 2016 election. But her husband, rapper Kanye West, recently offered his support for Trump in a series of tweets, saying they both share "dragon energy."
West also paid a visit to the then-president elect in New York before his inauguration. Trump said they'd talked about "life" as they posed for photos in the lobby of Trump Tower. West has said he didn't vote for president, but if he had, he would have cast a ballot for Trump.
The White House declined to comment on the visit. Trump has talked about the need to get tougher on drug dealers, including suggesting that some should receive the death penalty. Kardashian West appeared to preview the visit on her Twitter feed, writing: "Happy Birthday Alice Marie Johnson. Today is for you."
Johnson was convicted in 1996 on eight criminal counts related to a multi-year Memphis-based cocaine trafficking operation involving more than a dozen people. The 1994 indictment describes dozens of deliveries and drug transactions, many involving Johnson.
She was sentenced to life in prison in 1997, and appellate judges and the U.S. Supreme Court have rejected her appeals. Court records show she has a motion pending for a reduction in sentence, but federal prosecutors are opposed to a sentence reduction, saying in a court filing that the sentence is in accord with federal guidelines, based on the large quantity of drugs involved. The U.S. Attorney's Office in Memphis did not immediately respond to a request for comment Wednesday afternoon.
A criminal justice advocacy site, CAN-DO, and one of Johnson's attorneys say a request for clemency was rejected by former President Barack Obama. The reasons are unclear.
Memphis attorney Michael Scholl, who filed the latest court documents in her request for a sentence reduction, said she was not a leader in the cocaine operation.
"What is the purpose of putting a lady with no prior criminal record, on a non-violent drug offense, in jail for her entire life?" he said in a telephone interview. "She's a model inmate."
Scholl added that Johnson has admitted her wrongdoing, which is borne out in letters she has written to U.S. District Judge Samuel H. Mays, who now oversees her case.
"Judge Mays I'm writing to you to express my deep remorse for the crime that I committed over 20 years ago. I made some bad choices which have not only affected my life, but have impacted my entire family," she said in a February 2017 letter in the court record.
In a hand-scrawled letter last June she wrote: "I'm a broken woman. More time in prison cannot accomplish more justice."
As we reported in January, the freak snowstorm that blanketed the Lowcountry with up to six inches (!) of fluff this winter meant no early harvest for strawberries. While most farmers were unfazed, and some even relieved, the berry bingers out there crossed their fingers that the good stuff would pop up in inventive dishes around town ASAP. Well y'all, looks like it's about that time. Check out our list below of area coffee shops, restaurants, and bars serving up the juicy fruit, reimagined as cocktails, milk, and even beer.
HOM
Strawberry Basil Gin Cocktail
The burger spot uses Limehouse produce, which can be local, from Florida, or California, and says that hopefully they will be getting a shipment of strawberries in from Boone Hall Farms.
Harbinger Cafe
Strawberry Tahini Milk + Strawberry Loaf Bread
The milk is made with fresh strawberries and sesame seeds blended with pure maple syrup and light cinnamon for sweetness, recommended with the cold brew. The bread is made with strawberries, chia seeds, almond butter, and citrus topped with chamomile lemon glaze and micro mint. Both menu items use berries from GrowFood Carolina.
Frothy Brewing
Strawberry Blonde Ale
The 5.2% ABV Strawberry Blonde Ale is made with fresh strawberries from Hickory Bluff Farms. Frothy's website describes the brew as "a real summer delight."
Sugar Bakeshop
Strawberry Cupcake + Strawberry Rhubarb Tartlets + Cakes
Sugar's got all the berries: the strawberry cupcake is back with chocolate or vanilla cake and a strawberry icing; the Strawberry Rhubarb tartlet is tart and sweet; and there are two strawberry cakes available for orders, one is a yellow cake with fresh, sugared strawberries in between each layer and strawberry icing and the other is a strawberry whipped cream layer cake with a Chantilly whipped cream icing sold with a cup of lightly sugared strawberries for serving. Sugar uses strawberries from Hickory Bluff.
Harold's Cabin
Gentleman Pirate cocktail + Seasonal salad + Jam + French Toast
The Gentleman Pirate cocktail is made with Red Harbor Rum, Ancho Reyes, strawberry, basil, and lime. Harold's is also featuring local strawberries in their Seed & Berry Salad with granola, pickled blueberry, strawberry, arugula, and a honey shallot vinaigrette. They'll have a house made strawberry jam for breakfast and brunch, and they've been using strawberries in their quick bread French toast as well. They get their local strawberries through GrowFood Carolina.
strawberry dessert special served with lemon, streusel, and meringue. They get strawberries from Shuler Peach Farm in Holly Hill, S.C.
FIG is doing a
King of Pops
Various popsicles
The mobile pop shop sells strawberry lemonade, strawberries and cream pops, strawberry basil pops, and a boozy strawberry margarita pop. They source their berries from Hickory Bluff Farm.
RIO DE JANEIRO (AP) — An analysis by The Associated Press shows that the cost of putting on last year's Rio de Janeiro Olympics was $13.1 billion, paid for with a mix of public and private money.
Officials of Brazil's Public Authority for Olympic Legacy said at a news conference Wednesday, the cost for “sports-related venues” was 7.23 billion reals ($2.06 billion). In addition, the Rio organizing committee previously said the cost of running the Games at 9 billion reals ($2.8 billion).
The Olympic legacy body did not account for other Olympic-related costs. But the AP obtained them in emailed statements from city, state and federal agencies.
Those costs were 26.385 billion reals ($8.2 billion) for, among other things, a subway line, a doping laboratory, a renovated port and cleanup of polluted Guanabara Bay.
Advertisement
The doping laboratory was paid for by the federal government and cost 163.7 million reals ($50 million). A delay-plagued subway line project that was built to connect fans to Olympic Park had a price tag of 9.7 billion reals ($2.98 billion). According to a state auditor's report cited in August, the railway was overbilled by 25 percent.
Another legacy project, the renovation of Porto Maravilha, a run-down historic area in Rio, cost the city 10 billion reals ($4.2 billion).
“Should a country with such inequality as Brazil have hosted such an event with this level of investment,” federal prosecutor Leandro Mitidieri said. He said it would be difficult to use the Olympic venues in a way that would generate enough income to cover maintenance expenses.
“It is a challenge and we can see the difficulties,” he said. “We recognize the difficulties.”
Officials presented the report at the Olympic Park in suburban Barra da Tijuca, which now consists of mostly vacant venues. Last month a federal prosecutor said many of the venues were “white elephants” that were built with “no planning.”
The Rio Olympics, which opened 10 months ago, were plagued by countless financial and organizational problems, and were hosted as Brazil sank into its deepest recession since the 1930s.
The state of Rio de Janeiro has been months late paying teachers, hospital workers, and pensions. The state also reported record-breaking crime in 2016 in almost all categories from homicides to robbery.
The problems around the Rio Games — and the aftermath — have called into question the wisdom of cities building new venues every few years to accommodate an event that lasts just over two weeks.
Paulo Marcio, the head of the Public Authority for Olympic Legacy, talked vaguely about plans to use the venues. The Olympic Park has staged mainly small national or local events.
He did not offer any cost or income figures with most of the Olympic arenas now being operated by Brazil's federal government. A plan to auction off the venues to private operators failed when only one bidder was reported to be interested.
“I think that in a short period of time I will be able to deliver this legacy, and we have already been successful,” he said.
Pink is adamant she will never work with Dr. Luke again.
In a New York Times interview published Thursday, the pop star revealed what she really thought about the music producer with whom she collaborated with in 2006 for her album I'm Not Dead.
“I don't know what happened,” she said of singer Kesha‘s claims that Dr. Luke was verbally and sexually abusive toward her. “But I know that regardless of whether or not Dr. Luke did that, this is his karma and he earned it because he's not a good person.”
PEOPLE has reached out to Dr. Luke's reps for comment. He declined to comment for the Times. He has previously denied all of the allegations and countersued.
Pink, 38, revealed she had personally told him that she wouldn't work him.
“He doesn't do good business, he's not a kind person, he doesn't do the right thing when given ample opportunities to do so, and I don't really feel bad for him,” she said.
Pink is the latest in a long line of musicians to criticize Dr. Luke. In an interview with Z100, Kelly Clarkson revealed she was forced by her label to reunite with him on her 2009 single, “My Life Would Suck Without You.”
When she refused a writing credit in protest, she said she forfeited “hundreds of thousands of dollars” if not “millions.”
“I don't care about the money… That's not what holds weight in my life,” she said.
Polycarbonate films are known for their high strength, toughness, and elasticity. They also offer competent properties such as heat, abrasion, and chemical resistance. Polycarbonate films are transparent, opaque, and translucent. They also possess improved mechanical, electrical, and thermal properties. These properties make them compatible for usage in various end-use industries such as automotive, aerospace, and construction.
Get Research Report Overview @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/polycarbonate-films-market.html
Polycarbonate Films Market: Drivers and Restraints
Led by the rise in disposable income of people, the passenger cars segment is anticipated to drive the global automotive industry at a significant pace. However, increase in environmental concerns and level of pollution is estimated to hamper the market during the forecast period. A major challenge faced by OEMs is providing numerous options to customers at low cost. Increase in need to offer energy-efficient cars at low prices creates further concerns for automotive manufacturers. Thus, demand for lightweight and superior performance polymers has increased in the past few years. Polycarbonate is a functional polymer that possesses important attributes of plastic such as low weight, high elasticity, and good resistance to abrasion, heat, chemicals, oil, and moisture. Hence, polycarbonate films are considered alternatives to metal, steel, and other conventional polymers films used in the manufacture of automotive components. Therefore, rise in automobile production and increase in pressure to manufacture fuel-efficient vehicles are expected to boost the polycarbonate films market during the forecast period. However, availability of substitutes with improved performance such as thermoplastic polyurethane films is anticipated to hamper the polycarbonate films market during the forecast period.
Polycarbonate Films Market: Segmentation
Based on application, the polycarbonate films market can be segmented into:
Automotive & Transportation
Building & Construction
Aerospace
Energy
Electrical & Electronics
Others (Consumer Goods, etc.)
The automotive & transportation segment is expected to hold major share of the polycarbonate films market, followed by the building & construction segment, during the next few years. These films used in the automotive industry to lower the overall weight of automotive body parts and other components, and improve performance efficiency. These films are employed in engineering and designing of noise and vibration absorbing automotive parts such as interior door panels, seating in-fills, and thermal insulation covers for engine bays. These films are used as sheet linings and thermal resistant membranes for molding of concrete and gypsum structures in the construction industry.
Get PDF Brochure for more Professional & Technical industry insights: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=43160
Polycarbonate Films Market: Region-wise Outlook
In terms of consumption, Asia Pacific constituted significant share of the global polycarbonate films market in 2016. This trend is estimated to continue during the forecast period. The polycarbonate films market in North America is projected to create substantial incremental opportunity between 2017 and 2025 compared to that in other regions. The polycarbonate films market in Latin America is expected to expand at a relatively higher growth rate compared to that in the Middle East & Africa during the forecast period.
Automotive and aerospace components are largely manufactured in Europe, North America, and Asia Pacific. Thus, these regions dominate the polycarbonate films market in terms of consumption, as polycarbonate films are primarily used in automotive and aerospace industries.
Polycarbonate Films Market: Key Market Players
Key players operating in the global polycarbonate films market are Covestro, Mitsubishi Gas Chemical Company, Inc., Tekra, and Rowland Technologies, Inc.
5 Best Ski Lodges In The U.S.A look at five of the very best ski lodges in the United States.
Five Must-See Destinations In ParisWithin the 41 square miles of Paris, France there are over 60 main attractions for visitors to discover ranging from Museums, Churches, Monuments and Squares as well as examples of contemporary and traditional architecture. This is far too many sites for the average tourist to attempt to visit during a short stay in the city of lights. Thus a list of the five most famous and must see attractions is in order.
Five Essential Planning Tips For Your European VacationNothing beats traveling abroad. It's educational, invigorating and just plain fun. With the Pound and Euro inching closer to the value of the U.S. Dollar there has never been a better time to explore new lands. In order to get the very best experience out of your trip it is essential that you put a lot of thought and planning in your preparation. The more pre-planning that you do, the fewer hassles during your travels. Here are some basic tips to get you started on your next “Trip of a Lifetime!”
Vacation With Your Valentine: America's Most Romantic RetreatsAn introduction to five of America's best romantic retreats to celebrate Valentine's Day
LANDOVER, Md. (AP) — If it's true that, as many saw it, this entire Washington Redskins season was a referendum on Kirk Cousins and whether he should get a long-term contract, the way things ended — a late interception sealing a playoffs-preventing loss — should make for quite an intriguing offseason.
For while Cousins broke his own franchise record for passing yards, nearly eclipsing 5,000, and set another team mark with more than 400 completions, he also closed things on a down note as Washington (8-7-1) lost four of its final six games, including 19-10 against the New York Giants on Sunday.
“This isn't my first time dealing with this,” Cousins said through a bit of a forced smile. “Tough times don't last; tough people do, right? I sound like a broken record, but I'm going to keep saying that until I retire.”
A year after leading the Redskins to the NFC East title, Cousins now will be home during the postseason.
Advertisement
He threw a pair of second-half picks Sunday, both by Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie, the second coming while Washington trailed 13-10 with about 1½ minutes remaining. Cousins stepped out of the pocket, scanned the field for a receiver, then threw a floater that did not really come all that close to reaching intended receiver Pierre Garcon.
Garcon and other teammates rose to Cousins' defense afterward, saying as defensive lineman Ricky Jean Francois did of the defeat: “It was not his fault at all.”
After the game, Cousins acknowledged he probably should have tucked the ball and run it on that late interception .
Coach Jay Gruden agreed that throw constituted “a poor decision.”
In the next breath, Gruden added: “I think he belongs in the NFL as a starting quarterback, that's for sure, and hopefully it's here.”
And that will be the key question over the coming weeks for Washington and general manager Scot McCloughan: Will the team keep Cousins and, if so, for how much?
The QB made nearly $20 million this season under the franchise tag. The Redskins could tag him again, for about $24 million, or sign him to a multiyear deal, or let him walk as a free agent.
Asked what he expects, Cousins shrugged his shoulders and answered: “It's really not my decision to make. The ball was in the court of the team last year and they chose to tag me. And the same is true this year.”
Here is what else we know after the Giants (11-5), who already were locked into the NFC's No. 5 seed, beat the Redskins:
GIANTS' MOMENTUM
Eli Manning said the prospect of the Giants' starters resting in a game that had no impact on their playoff status “never came up all week.” By putting up 10 first-half points before going conservative — and no one getting hurt — they validated coach Ben McAdoo's decision and got into a groove going into the playoffs. “I thought we did some good things and we can build off that,” Manning said. “If we can run the ball, defense is playing great, we'll be in good shape.”
BECKHAM VS. NORMAN
Despite Redskins cornerback Josh Norman getting called for two personal fouls for shoving and then going facemask-to-facemask with Odell Beckham Jr., the Giants receiver downplayed the confrontations and the rivalry. “That's been dead for a long time,” said Beckham, who left the game in the third quarter after five catches for 44 yards.
GRUDEN
From 6-3-1 to out of the playoffs thanks to a 2-4 finish — including two flat losses at home to teams with nothing at stake — Gruden and the Redskins have a lot to ponder in a longer-than-they-wanted offseason. Gruden was asked whether he had his team ready to play Sunday. “On a gut level, I like to think so, but obviously, the results say otherwise.” Said Jean Francois: “I don't blame this on no coach. … It was on us.”
REDSKINS' RUN GAME
If the Redskins are going to get back to the playoffs next season, they'll probably want to improve a drab running game that closed with 15 carries for 38 yards against New York.
___
AP Sports Writer Stephen Whyno contributed to this report.
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
___
Follow Howard Fendrich on Twitter at http://twitter.com/HowardFendrich
BERLIN (AP) — German authorities on Wednesday raided the apartments of four Islamic clerics suspected of spying on opponents of the Turkish government, accusing them of hiding behind religion to conduct espionage on behalf of Ankara.
The federal prosecutors' office said the morning raids in the states of North Rhine-Westphalia and Rheinland-Palatinate were carried out to collect evidence, and no arrests were made. The unidentified targets are suspected of spying on supporters of U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen, who is accused by the Turkish government of orchestrating a July 15 coup.
Prosecutors say the four men affiliated with the DITIB, the union of Turkish-Islamic cultural organizations in Germany, are suspected of passing the information on to the Turkish consulate in Cologne.
DITIB had no comment when reached by telephone and did not immediately respond to an email query.
Advertisement
Last week, when an official of Germany's domestic intelligence agency said that 13 imams affiliated with DITIB had sent the names of alleged supporters of Gulen to the Turkish government's Office for Religious Affairs, Diyanet, the union said it was not involved and that Diyanet supervised imams directly.
Following the raids, Justice Minister Heiko Maas said the government expects “DITIB to promptly and completely explain the allegations.”
“Whoever uses Islam as a cover for espionage cannot rely (for protection) on the freedom of religion,” he said. “If the suspicion that some DITIB imams were spying is confirmed, the organization must be seen, at least in parts, as a long arm of the Turkish government.”
Earlier this week, an Austrian lawmaker raised concerns that Turkish diplomatic offices around the world were gathering information to try to undermine organizations loyal to Gulen, who denies involvement in the coup.
Austrian Greens Parliamentarian Peter Pilz said memos from the Turkish Embassy in Vienna and the Turkish Consulate in Salzburg showed ATIB, the Austrian equivalent to DITIB, sending in reports on Gulen-backed organizations, with the information then forwarded to Ankara.
Pilz spoke of a “global spying network,” saying his team was working on publishing similar documents from 30 other countries in Europe, Africa and Asia.
The matter came up when German Chancellor Angela Merkel visited Ankara at the beginning of February, and Merkel said that “confusion must not arise here.”
“If we have problems, for example with the Gulen movement, and Turkey has information about that, then our security authorities must discuss that with each other,” she said after meeting Prime Minister Binali Yildirim.
She stressed that she wants people of Turkish origin in Germany “to be able to have access to their imams. So confusion or this feeling that people here are being observed or spied on must be dispelled from the start.”
Fire managers on the Verde Ranger District will begin implementation on the Brushy Prescribed Burn beginning Tuesday, Feb. 6, through Friday, Feb. 9, pending favorable weather conditions.
Fire Managers plan to use aerial ignitions to burn approximately 4,725 acres located 2 miles south and east of the junction of Interstate 17 and Highway 169, according to a news release. Favorable weather conditions, concurrence from ADEQ and an adequate number of fire management resources are a prerequisite to burning.
Smoke will be visible in the immediate areas of the burn activity including I-17. It is possible that there could be minor delays or stoppages of traffic as the burn progresses along Forest Road 732, 523, and 68D, the news release states. In the interest of safety, forest visitors are reminded to obey all traffic signs and use caution when traveling in the vicinity of the prescribed fire burn units as firefighters and fire-related traffic will be in the area.
Prescribed fires are one of the most effective tools available to resource managers for restoring fire-adapted ecosystems. These burns will mimic natural fires by reducing hazardous fuels accumulations, and reintroduce fire into a fire dependent system; recycling nutrients and increasing habitat diversity, officials said. Prescribed fires are managed with firefighter and public safety as the first priority.
All prescribed fire activity is dependent on the availability of personnel and equipment, weather forecasts, fuels moisture levels and conditions that minimize smoke impacts as best as possible and approval from the Arizona Department of Environmental Quality (www.azdeq.gov).
For more information, visit www.fs.usda.gov/prescott or call 928-567-4121.
Information provided by Prescott National Forest.
When three assailants stopped triathlete Mhlengi Gwala during his late night training session, little did he know that the brutal chainsaw attack which followed would change his life forever. Now after multiple surgeries to save his legs, Gwala has begun the long road to recovery. Doctors believe it could take up to two years before he's fully back on his feet, and even then, there are no guarantees that he will ever be able to race again. Carte Blanche meets this remarkable survivor.
Producer: Carol Albertyn Christie
Presenter: Nhlanhla Sehume
Researcher: Sinethemba Nogude
WASHINGTON — The wave of terror attacks in Europe involving the use of vehicles, knives and everyday items as weapons is not a new phenomenon.
But in this week's edition of The Hunt with WTOP national security correspondent J.J. Green, Nikita Malik of the Henry Jackson Society in London said there's a lot more at stake today.
'We're seeing it escalated now ...' Nikita Malik of the Henry Jackson Society with WTOP's J.J. Green | http://wtop.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/THE-HUNT-JUNE-14-jgr-.mp3 Download audio
Like WTOP on Facebook and follow @WTOP on Twitter to engage in conversation about this article and others.
© 2017 WTOP. All Rights Reserved.
NEW DELHI: Former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh reserved sharp words of rebuke against Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Monday. The stingers were part of a statement he released responding to allegations raised by BJP leaders that he was part of a meeting with the Pakistani High Commissioner where a conspiracy was hatched to defeat the BJP in the Gujarat elections.
"I sincerely hope that Prime Minister Narendra Modi will show the maturity and gravitas expected of the high office he holds instead of concentrating his energy solely on erroneously scored brownie points," read Manmohan's statement.
"Sadly & regrettably, Sh. Modi is setting a dangerous precedent by his insatiable desire to tarnish every constitutional office, including that of a Former Prime Minister and Army Chief," he added.
"I reject the innuendos and falsehoods as I did not discuss Gujarat elections with anyone else at the dinner hosted by Shri Mani Shankar Aiyar… Nor was the Gujarat issue raised by anyone present at the dinner. The discussion was confined to India-Pakistan relations," Manmohan Singh said in his statement.
He released a full guest list of all those who attended the dinner, including some journalists, and insisted that "none of them could be accused of indulging in any anti-national activities".
He also attacked PM Modi head on, for visiting Pakistan uninvited after the terrorist attacks in Udhampur and Gurdaspur. "The Congress Party needs no sermon on 'Nationalism' from a party and Prime Minister whose compromised track record in fighting terrorism is well-known," read the statement. Manmohan Singh also demanded an explanation from the Modi government on why an ISI team was invited to Pathankot to investigate the attack on the air base.
Manmohan Singh ended his statement with a demand that PM Modi apologise to the nation for his "ill-thought transgression" .
Attacks on Western cities prompt insurers to adapt
* New policies hard to price, insurers want to keep market share
TAMAQUA — Osprey have more of a reason to come to Schuylkill County after an osprey nesting platform was installed in Tamaqua.
The 3-foot by-3-foot wooden nesting platform adorned with large branches in the shape of a nest tied with string was hoisted into place at the Owl Creek Recreation Area on Monday.
“Something like this is ideal for them. It provides a nice open area,” Dan Mummert, wildlife diversity biologist with the Pennsylvania Game Commission, said while viewing the structure, a kind of welcome home sign for osprey.
Osprey primarily live on man-made structures, he said, adding they like to have a clear line of sight of their surroundings.
The platform was the idea of Garrett Demkovitz, a 16-year-old junior and Boy Scout from Kunkletown, Carbon County. He belongs to Boy Scout Troop 209 in Towamensing Township, Carbon County. For an Eagle Scout project, he wanted to help the environment and decided to build osprey platforms. He built four of them; each one of them will be installed in different locations. Not all of them will be in Schuylkill County.
Demkovitz is not alone in his desire to help the environment as PPL Electric Utilities provided the 60-foot pole on which the nesting platform would sit and the manpower to install it.
“Getting involved in a project like this was a natural fit for us,” Joe Nixon, a spokesman for PPL, said.
Jeff Luzenski, a senior environmental professional with PPL, said the company is looking for ways to help out the environment and asked others if they knew of any Boy Scouts in the area if they would be interested in a such a project. To date, 20 or 30 osprey platforms have been installed since the 1990s, he said.
Before a PPL utility truck hoisted the pole into place about 4:15 p.m., Demkovitz was busy making sure bolts were tight and providing a proper nest site for the osprey.
The birds only eat fish. They like to live near water because it is easy to catch their meal. A body of water is feet away from the platform.
Mummert said osprey are a species of conservation concern.
“They are still protected and they are still considered a rare species,” Mummert said.
He estimated there are between 100 and 150 active nest sites in the state. He did not know how many are in Schuylkill County.
Mary Linkevich, director of community development for Tamaqua Borough, believes the nesting platform will help the osprey population.
“I'm excited,” she said,
Osprey tend to nest from April to about July. Eggs are laid and hatch in about 40 days, according to the state Game Commission. As of 1986, there was only one active nest in the state, according to the game commission. An effort was made to increase the population in years past, resulting in the resurgence today.
Linkevich said she has seen osprey frequent the area.
“We knew they passed through here on migration. We're hoping one takes up residence and it is hopeful a pair nest,” she said.
County residents can do their part to help out the osprey by viewing them from a distance and not making any loud noises. Those who see an osprey nest, are encouraged to call the Southeast region office at 610-926-3136 or 610-926-3137, or email osprey@pa.gov for more information.
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
ADVERTISEMENT
Back in the 1950s, television audiences tuned in every week to The Honeymooners, and were dropped into the small, spartan Brooklyn apartment of a bus driver and his wife. The early '60s brought a string of hard-hitting urban dramas like Naked City, The Defenders, and East Side/West Side, which showed Americans what was really going on in our mean streets and slums. The '70s saw a boom in earthiness and grime, in sitcoms like All in the Family, Sanford and Son, Barney Miller, and Welcome Back, Kotter, which set stories of blue-collar families and the working poor in rooms with threadbare decor and barely functional utilities. Then in the '80s and '90s we had Roseanne, which captured the cramped clutter of an ordinary lower-middle-class home, and used sardonic humor to face — with at-times painful honesty — the hard trade-offs of work and family for people living paycheck to paycheck.
All of these shows were either critically acclaimed or popular — or both. They were part of a rich and varied television landscape, where suburban affluence and conspicuous wealth were just as widely represented as they are today, but put into context by some starker visions of American life.
Do we have that now?
Consider some of the comedies and dramas of the 2010s that have drawn the most love from audiences, critics, and awards ceremonies: The Big Bang Theory, Scandal, Empire, NCIS, Criminal Minds, Girls, Veep, Louie, Silicon Valley, Transparent, Black-ish, Modern Family, Mad Men, The Good Wife, Homeland, The Americans, Crazy Ex-Girlfriend, You're the Worst, This Is Us, Stranger Things, and Mr. Robot. Money and labor factor into all of those series to varying degrees, but the two are rarely intertwined. When characters talk about their jobs, it's usually in terms of personal fulfillment, not whether they can make enough to pay their bills. When they talk about money, the conversations tend to revolve around the payday as a marker of self-worth, coupled with questions about whether they've become spoiled by privilege. Whenever the heroes don't have enough in the bank to do what they want, it's more that they can't realize their grandest ambitions, not that they have to eat canned soup for a week to afford to keep the lights on.
There are some popular dramas and genre series that touch on the persistent divisions between the haves and have-nots, but they tend to fall into three categories: historical fiction (like Downton Abbey), punchy stories of crime and punishment (like Breaking Bad and Orange Is the New Black), and sensationalistic fantasies (like The Walking Dead, Game of Thrones, and American Horror Story). The best science fiction, horror, police procedurals, and period pieces offer contemporary resonances aplenty, but they're mostly operating in the mode of allegory or metaphor, and not deeply engaging with modern life.
What's even more fascinating are the modern sitcoms that come close to commenting on the 21st-century economy, but then back away. Tina Fey's two shows, 30 Rock and Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt, fire off jokes and cultural references that seem on the surface like pointed political commentary, but are really just rapid-fire absurdism. Kimmy Schmidt herself is frequently low on funds, and through two seasons so far has had multiple jobs; yet nothing about her predicament is presented realistically. Everything is exaggerated for comic effect. Similarly, Parks and Recreation is set in a quirky Indiana small town that throughout the series is depicted as on the brink of fiscal ruin; yet it is also held up as a kind of fantasyland, where even low-level city employees have enough money to buy extravagant gifts for their friends and for themselves.
It's not to knock any of these shows to say that they don't take place in our much more quotidian world. Realism is hardly a prerequisite for great entertainment. Besides, in many of the cases above, the characters and stories express truth in other ways. (Parks & Rec, for example, is unusually insightful about our political divisions, and about our unreasonable expectations for public servants.)
But when our highest-profile comedies and dramas have no interest in — or perhaps even no understanding of — what really goes on in low-rent office parks, supermarkets, fast food restaurants, un-gated subdivisions, and apartment complexes, then a large chunk of the populace can feel like their voices are going unrepresented in the mainstream media. They've become forgotten, invisible… implicitly told that they're uninteresting, or even alien.
I'm not just talking here about "the overlooked middle American Trump voter," which has been the subject of so many think pieces and belated bits of field reportage lately.
For one thing, the presumption that our "red states" are uniformly right-wing and reactionary is part of the problem with TV and movies today. When Hillary Clinton was struggling to get past Bernie Sanders in the primaries, some of Sanders' celebrity supporters were downright derisive about the states she was winning. (Tim Robbins famously scoffed, "Winning South Carolina in the Democratic primary is about as significant as winning Guam.") The fact is that there were significant numbers of Clinton and Sanders supporters in the states Trump carried in the general election — and of every ethnicity and economic background, too. If those people and the Trump voters were on TV in primetime more often, they might not seem so remote and/or inscrutable, to each other or to the press.
Because the truth is that lower-income middle Americans are on TV all the time. It's just that they primarily show up as participants and contestants in reality shows and game shows. There's more talk about work and money and religious faith on a typical episode of Survivor or The Amazing Race than there is on the average sitcom or drama in 2017. The problem there, though, is that the storytelling tools of reality shows force real people to become characters, with just a few key traits to define them. It's almost like the producers are afraid to push too far whenever the people in front of the cameras start mentioning God or values, as though too much nuance would get in the way of the game. The format encourages monologues — delivered straight into the camera, "confessional"-style — not dialogue.
To be fair, it's not like the non-genre dramas, comedies, and dramedies of the 2010s completely avoid the topic of class struggle. But the ones that do hit the subject head-on tend to be less talked about by critics.
Over the course of the past year the CBS comedy Mom has moved away from eking out jokes from its characters' money woes, but in its first couple of seasons the writers' unflinching engagement with how their heroines lived was a big part of what made the show feel fresh. Even now on the show, Anna Faris' divorced mother of two, Christy Plunkett, juggles waitressing, child-rearing, and Alcoholics Anonymous meetings, all while living in rental properties so small that she ends up sharing a bed with her mother. At its best, the series has made sure that viewers understand that every choice Christy makes has to be weighed against its consequences. To find a better job, she has to go back to school. To re-enroll in college, she has to work less, and make less money. Taking classes and filling shifts at the restaurant take time away from raising her kids and keeping her home neat and tidy. Mom keeps all of that in mind — without forgetting to be funny.
An even better example is ABC's long-running The Middle, which is better than any sitcom since Roseanne at generating jokes from how many of us actually live: In too-small houses where the sink hasn't worked right in months, and where the fridge and pantry are stocked with off-brand foods from a discount store. The title of the show refers to middle America (Indiana, to be exact) and the middle class (with a dad who's a construction foreman and a mom who has a hard time holding on to a succession of low-paying service jobs). But it could also describe how the Heck family feels in their neighborhood, stuck between their high-achieving friends the Donahues and their trashier enemies the Glossners. Harried matriarch Frankie Heck constantly worries that they're sliding closer and closer to becoming the Glossners, even though she deludes herself into believing that if they managed their resources and time better they could live as comfortably as the Donahues.
Compare The Middle to its fellow ABC family comedy Speechless, where the main characters are also framed as lower-middle class, but primarily as a way of making them seem more like proud "outsiders," instead of as a nod to a common economic struggle. One of the reasons why The Middle has been on the air for so long (eight seasons and counting) is that it's relatable. It's the kind of show where when a piece of furniture gets busted, it's still out of commission six episodes later — which sharply reflects the general entropy of modern life. So many Americans are over-scheduled and underfunded, always feeling like we're just one week's vacation and about $20,000 away from getting our lives in order.
That's why one of the most promising new series of the past year has been FX's Atlanta, created by and starring Donald Glover. Ostensibly about how a college dropout hustles to get ahead by managing his drug-dealer cousin's hip-hop career, the show is also refreshingly open about how jobs, money, and leisure are intertwined. Glover's character Earnest Marks is an educated young man from a middle-class background. Throughout the first season, he and his occasional girlfriend Vanessa goes from upscale parties and fancy restaurants to the cheap apartment where they each take turns raising their daughter when the other's not at work. Atlanta can be surreal, and it can be satirical, but even at its strangest it's still set in a world where everything is kept in a precarious balance between big dreams and mundane needs.
The more TV acknowledges that this is what most of us face every day, the more we all may understand that a lot more unites us than divides.
Sigma Delta Pi and the Language and Literature department invited area high school students to the Morgan University Center to explore Spanish, and French culture.
This is the third year of The Modern Language Fair, and the first year where they invited French learners to participate in the event.
The students were from four high schools in the Clarksville-Montgomery County school district.
“Each year we select a different Spanish-speaking culture for the students to research,” Spanish instructor Laura Schultz, coordinator of the fair, said. “This year we chose Spain for the students to learn about.”
The Spanish and French students were separated into separate rooms in the UC.
The students participated in a series of six events that focused on elements of Spanish and French culture. At the end of the day, the top three students of each category were recognized for their achievement.
“The first thing we have the students do his take a competitive placement test that is half grammar, and half culture based questions,” Schultz said. “Since we have language learners from beginners to advanced placement students we have different tests to reflect the difference in skill level.”
After the placement tests the students were judged on cultural items such as dance, music, literature, art and cuisine. The students were judged by student volunteers and language faculty based on a specific rubric.
One piece of art, “Las Piezas de Oro,” was created by two North West students junior Taylor Rae Dirks, and sophomore Alesia Bell. The painting was inspired by the works of Pablo Picasso.
“We chose to base our painting on Picasso because you do not feel one emotion when viewing one of his paintings as it is a journey of emotions,” Bell said.
The students who chose to cook a cultural dish had to explain how they cooked it, and why it is significant in the culture.
For the literature portion, students had to read a piece completely in Spanish, and were judged on how well they pronounced the language.
“This is a good event to bring students to because they get create something, and a student who is normally quite can use their gifts to stand out,” Spanish high school teacher Mary Beth Warren said. “They get a chance to experience the language outside of just studying grammar in the classroom.
After all the presentations the students were invited to listen to what Sigma Delta Pi has to offer, take a brief tour of the campus and to take part in the cultural food that the students made. During this time the judges tallied up the scores so the winners could be elected.
“We are happy we were able to add French to this year's fair, but we also want to add a German segment for next year,” Schultz said.
Photo: AFP
British PM Theresa May had imagined coming to Paris to meet the staunchly pro-EU French president bolstered by a new popular mandate, but instead she arrives in Paris weakened with her plan for a so-called "hard" Brexit apparently on the scrap heap.
British Prime Minister Theresa May had hoped to be in Paris on Tuesday with a strong popular mandate for a "hard" Brexit.
Instead she finds herself meeting French President Emmanuel Macron enfeebled and isolated.
The difference in their fortunes is striking: He is a young new centrist leader seemingly clearing all obstacles from his path after standing in his first-ever election this spring.
She is a 60-year-old right-wing veteran who bungled a snap election last week and is now fighting to keep her job following the loss of the Conservative party's majority in the British parliament.
Over a working dinner and at a football match together, May and Macron had been expected to discuss Brexit and deepen a relationship that would be crucial during Britain's divorce from the European Union.
But uncertainty about May's future has led to reassessments only days before the expected start of Brexit negotiations in Brussels.
"Everyone assumes that she's a zombie," Francois Heisbourg, a former French diplomat and chairman of the International Institute for Strategic Studies in London, told AFP.
He also repeated the conclusion of May's former cabinet colleague George Osborne, now the editor of the London Evening Standard newspaper, who called her a "dead woman walking".
READ ALSO
United EU?
Macron on the other hand is stronger than ever, with his new centrist party Republic on the Move (REM) on course for a landslide victory in parliamentary elections that conclude next weekend.
In the first round on Sunday, REM and its allies finished top with 32.32 percent and they are forecast to win between 400 and 445 seats in the 577-member National Assembly.
Macron's stunning election has also helped tip the balance further away from Britain, with the European Union appearing stronger and more united than many observers expected.
When Britain voted to leave the EU in June last year, some analysts saw it triggering a domino effect which could lead to the unravelling of the post-war European integration project.
But elections in Austria, the Netherlands and then France have failed to produce the results that eurosceptic parties were hoping for and, in the case of France, have led to the opposite: the election of a fervently pro-European leader.
Russell Foster, an expert on European and international relations at King's College London, said that Macron "is now looking more and more like the leader of the EU".
And he warned that the 39-year-old, who has made clear his contempt for Brexit and the leaders of the Leave campaign, "wants a hard Brexit precisely because he is so pro-European".
The French president is eager to show the benefits of EU membership and is intent on proving that the 27-member bloc, excluding Britain, is the best shield for European citizens in an age of globalisation.
"This is Emmanuel Macron's short window of opportunity to push for a very strong federalist Europe," Foster added.
Terror threat
The two leaders are set to hold a press conference and then have a brief dinner at the Elysee palace on Tuesday evening before attending a friendly football match between England and France at the national stadium in Paris.
There will be a minute's silence to honour victims of recent attacks in London and Manchester before the game. French organisers have also switched the order of the anthems which will see home fans sing "God Save the Queen" last.
While far apart on Brexit, Macron and May share common ground on the need for closer cooperation at the European level to fight terrorism, which they discussed when they met at the G7 in Italy and at a NATO summit in Brussels late last month.
"I would expect that conversation to continue tomorrow. They may well discuss aspects of Brexit but the main focus will be on counterterrorism," May's spokesman said on Monday.
It is believed the pair will present a united front in calling for a crackdown on extremist material being allowed to be published and shared on the internet.
A Bank of America logo is seen in New York City, U.S. January 10, 2017. REUTERS/Stephanie Keith
A U.S. banking regulator has more than doubled its claim against Bank of America Corp (BAC.N) in a dispute over deposit insurance and interest, according to a securities filing on Tuesday.
The U.S. Federal Deposit Insurance Corp said Bank of America owes it more than $1.1 billion, arguing that the second-largest U.S. bank was underestimating the potential cost of a failure among its trading partners.
The FDIC's new claim, filed on April 10 in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia, follows an original demand for $542 million made in January. At that time, the FDIC contended that Bank of America's underpayments exceeded $1 billion, and reserved the right to amend its complaint.
Bank of America, which is contesting the notion that it must pay additional sums, believes it is compliant with FDIC rules, spokesman Lawrence Grayson said in a statement.
In its claims, the FDIC said Bank of America previously understated its "counterparty risk," or the danger that trading partners could fail, thus rendering them unable to repay obligations and threatening Bank of America's own financial health.
An FDIC spokeswoman declined to comment.
The regulator charges banks a fee to protect customer deposits. The biggest U.S. lenders must pay more for that protection.
(Reporting by Dan Freed in New York; Editing by Dan Grebler)
Recent news:
WTW restates 2016 cash flows
Matthew Neill 14 February 2017
Global broker Willis Towers Watson has restated 2016 cash flow figures to reflect a $47mn reduction in net cash from operating activities compared to the figure reported in its fourth quarter results.
The company said the restatement means net cash from operating activities came in at $920mn, down from the $967mn it reported on 9 February.
Willis Towers Watson also lowered the free cash flow figure to $702mn from $745mn.
Among the changes detailed in the filing, the broker said...
If you are a non-subscriber but would like to be able to view this article, then please go to our Publications page for further information on joining our readership
By The Associated Press
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE Atlantic Division W L Pct GB Boston 23 5 .821 — Toronto 17 7 .708 4 Philadelphia 13 12 .520 8½ New York 12 13 .480 9½ Brooklyn 10 15 .400 11½ Southeast Division W L Pct GB Washington 14 12 .538 — Miami 12 13 .480 1½ Orlando 11 17 .393 4 Charlotte 9 16 .360 4½ Atlanta 6 19 .240 7½ Central Division W L Pct GB Cleveland 19 8 .704 — Milwaukee 15 10 .600 3 Indiana 16 11 .593 3 Detroit 14 12 .538 4½ Chicago 5 20 .200 13 WESTERN CONFERENCE Southwest Division W L Pct GB Houston 20 4 .833 — San Antonio 19 8 .704 2½ New Orleans 13 13 .500 8 Memphis 8 18 .308 13 Dallas 7 19 .269 14 Northwest Division W L Pct GB Minnesota 15 11 .577 — Denver 14 12 .538 1 Portland 13 12 .520 1½ Utah 13 14 .481 2½ Oklahoma City 12 13 .480 2½ Pacific Division W L Pct GB Golden State 21 6 .778 — L.A. Lakers 10 15 .400 10 L.A. Clippers 9 15 .375 10½ Phoenix 9 19 .321 12½ Sacramento 8 18 .308 12½
___
Saturday's Games
L.A. Clippers 113, Washington 112
Miami 101, Brooklyn 89
L.A. Lakers 110, Charlotte 99
Atlanta 117, Orlando 110
Chicago 104, New York 102
Cleveland 105, Philadelphia 98
Milwaukee 117, Utah 100
Oklahoma City 102, Memphis 101, OT
San Antonio 104, Phoenix 101
Houston 124, Portland 117
Sunday's Games
Toronto 102, Sacramento 87
Boston 91, Detroit 81
Indiana 126, Denver 116, OT
Dallas at Minnesota, 7 p.m.
Philadelphia at New Orleans, 7 p.m.
Atlanta at New York, 7:30 p.m.
Monday's Games
Boston at Chicago, 8 p.m.
Charlotte at Oklahoma City, 8 p.m.
Miami at Memphis, 8 p.m.
New Orleans at Houston, 8 p.m.
Portland at Golden State, 10:30 p.m.
Toronto at L.A. Clippers, 10:30 p.m.
Tuesday's Games
Atlanta at Cleveland, 7 p.m.
Denver at Detroit, 7 p.m.
L.A. Lakers at New York, 7 p.m.
Washington at Brooklyn, 7:30 p.m.
San Antonio at Dallas, 8:30 p.m.
Philadelphia at Minnesota, 9:30 p.m.
Phoenix at Sacramento, 10 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
L.A. Clippers at Orlando, 7 p.m.
Memphis at Washington, 7 p.m.
Oklahoma City at Indiana, 7 p.m.
Denver at Boston, 7:30 p.m.
Portland at Miami, 7:30 p.m.
Milwaukee at New Orleans, 8 p.m.
Utah at Chicago, 8 p.m.
Toronto at Phoenix, 9 p.m.
Charlotte at Houston, 9:30 p.m.
Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, written or redistributed.
Make note of the name Etzanoa, a long-lost city. Donald Blakeslee says he's found it.
The discovery could put south-central Kansas on the map as the second-biggest settlement of Native Americans found in the United States, Blakeslee said. And it's now, finally, the known location of a 1601 battle pitting outnumbered Spaniards firing cannon into waves of attacking Indian warriors.
Etzanoa has remained a mystery for 400 years. Archaeologists could not find it. Historians thought reports of a permanent settlement with 20,000 Native Americans in it were exaggerated.
But here in Arkansas City, at the confluence of the Walnut and Arkansas Rivers, Blakeslee, an anthropologist and archaeologist at Wichita State University, has found evidence of a massive town stretching across thousands of acres of bluffs and rich bottomland along two rivers. What clinched it was the discovery, by a high school kid, of a half-inch iron cannonball.
He even found a still-functional water shrine, depicting communication with the spirit world, carved into a limestone boulder in Tami and Greg Norwood's backyard.
It's a good story, all true, Blakeslee said: A lost city, a forgotten mythology — and the story of the once-great Wichita Nation, decimated by European diseases, then pushed aside by American settlers and the United States Army.
Amazed by the size
With the discovery, Arkansas City leaders are hoping to turn their town into a tourist destination.
“We always knew we once had a whole bunch of Indians living around here, because we had found way too many artifacts to think otherwise,” said Jay Warren, an Arkansas City council member. “But we had no idea until Dr. Blakeslee came along about how big it was.”
Etzanoa might have been comparable in size to Cahokia, Blakeslee said. That alone should bring world attention.
The Cahokia Mounds State Historic Site in western Illinois, with its pyramid Monk's Mound, is the biggest Native American urban complex ever built in the United States. It showcases the 14.4-acre mound that was the centerpiece of the ancient city, along with the outlines of the city, enclosed by fortress walls and filled with shrines of a powerful mythology and culture outside St. Louis.
Cahokia — the remnants of the largest pre-Columbian settlement north of Mexico — attracts 400,000 visitors a year, a fact that gets the attention of Arkansas Citians. If Etzanoa was bigger, “and it might have been,” that will rewrite American history, Blakeslee said.
“The Spaniards were amazed by the size of Etzanoa,” Blakeslee said. “They counted 2,000 houses that could hold 10 people each. They said it would take two or three days to walk through it all.”
But for four centuries, the story of a big Native American town in Kansas made no sense to historians.
When French explorers came in the 1700s, 100 years after the Spanish battle, they met only migratory bands of Kanza, Wichita, Pawnee, Kiowa, Cheyenne and Apache tribes.
So historians read the Spanish accounts and raised questions: If there were a permanent mega-site named Etzanoa, where was the huge accumulation of pottery shards?
And where did those tens of thousands of people go? Twenty thousand, as the Spaniards estimated in 1601, is equivalent to modern-day Derby, Liberal or Hays.
And how could Plains hunters feed tens of thousands day after day? Bison are dangerous. The Wichita had no horses and hunted on foot.
And where were the Spanish cannonballs, fired by outnumbered and terrified Spaniards?
The battle
For years, Blakeslee, 73, had read the accounts of soldiers who served under the Conquistador Juan de Onate, the founding governor of the colony of New Mexico. Onate's soldiers said they fought a battle 60 years after Coronado, somewhere in the Great Plains.
The battle reports said Onate led 70 soldiers from New Mexico and found a vast town at the junction of two rivers.
Warriors on the outskirts threw dirt into the air as the Spanish approached, signaling they were ready to fight. “The Rayados,” Onate called the Wichitas — “The striped ones,” from the way they painted and tattooed their faces.
The Spaniards entered the town, and the Wichita fled, thousands evacuating to the north.
Onate sent armed patrols into the empty town.
What his soldiers saw unnerved them. They told Onate they'd counted 2,000 big beehive-shaped homes — clusters of these homes surrounded by cornfields. Nervous about the size of the place, they turned around. Indians told them later that the settlement extended for miles past where the Spaniards stopped, meaning the true population might have been higher than the 20,000 Spanish estimates.
Onate turned his men south — and came face to face with hundreds of warriors, firing arrows and charging at Onate's small Spanish troop.
The attackers were Escanxaques, a tribe enemy to the Wichita. They had come to attack Etzanoa — and now attacked the Spanish.
Sixty of the 70 Spaniards were wounded. Their four cannons saved them, clusters of iron bullets fired from cannon-like shotgun blasts, whistling into trees and boulders. The Escanxaques, stunned, regrouped in a rock-lined ravine, but then charged repeatedly uphill to attack before finally backing off.
Cannonballs confirm
It was a high school kid, Adam Ziegler, who made the link that cinched the verification of Etzanoa.
Blakeslee says artifacts he and Ziegler found in the past two years show the old stories were true, and that between the years 1450 and 1700, at least 20,000 ancestors of today's Wichita Nation thrived in and near what is now Arkansas City.
Blakeslee realized the confluence of the Walnut and Arkansas rivers could be the one described by the Spanish. He found traces of houses and granaries. He's walked over much of Arkansas City and saw that the ravines and bluffs fit the Spanish accounts.
After locals like Hap McCleod told him people had been digging up “literally tons” of flint tools and clay pottery shards for generations, Blakeslee dug up his own shards, flint arrowheads, knife blades, hide-scrapers and awls.
Two years ago he found a rock-lined ravine in McLeod's backyard that matched the Spanish account of where the Escanxaques regrouped under fire to attack. He took a metal detector there, along with Ziegler, a Lawrence Free-State High School freshman.
“They couldn't find anything that day,” Ziegler recalled. “Dr. Blakeslee said I could use his metal detector. An hour or two later, I found the little ball, buried four inches deep.”
Blakeslee found two more Spanish cannonballs.
That did it, Blakeslee said. The old story was true.
Tough beyond belief
Blakeslee says the Wichita were wronged by fate, disease epidemics and war. He's going to try to set right what he can.
Smallpox and other illnesses killed probably tens of thousands after 1600, he said.
War and relocation forced survivors to Oklahoma reservations. The tribe lost most of its culture. The tribe's last fluent speaker of the Wichita language, Doris McLemore, died last year.
The Wichita were organized, cultured — “and tough almost beyond belief,” he said.
They and their Wichita cousins in Quivira, in Rice County, built a trade network with ancestors of the Pueblo Indians in New Mexico. They strapped 50-pound packages of dried meat and hides to themselves and their pack dogs, and walked 550 miles to the Pueblos. They'd then walk back, bringing home cotton fabric, obsidian and turquoise.
They had no horses. The women and children likely helped hunt bison, Blakeslee said, forming lines and waving hide blankets while driving bison toward warriors carrying bows and arrows. “Think of the courage that took,” Blakeslee said.
They cultivated beans, maize (corn), pumpkin and squash. They slaughtered bison meat and hides on an industrial scale. The men likely scouted, walking miles a day, shadowing herds. The women used flint hide-scrapers to thin down bison hides. “From doing that all day, they probably had the toughest fists,” Blakeslee said. “You'd never want to get in a fistfight with a Wichita woman.”
Intrigue, concern
Modern-day Wichitas number about 3,000, based now in Anadarko, Okla., said Gary McAdams, who has held several leadership positions with the Wichita and Affiliated Tribes.
The Wichita are intrigued — and concerned — by what might come next, McAdams said. Blakeslee has consulted with them for years, telling what he's found, inviting them to visit sites at Arkansas City and at the 160-foot-long serpent symbol still visible in the pasture grass in Rice County. Wichitas have helped on some of his digs.
“We would have some concern about how they go about developing their thinking about Etzanoa as a tourist center,” McAdams said. “We are supportive of any respectful endeavor they want to pursue there — but would want to provide our input.”
Jay Warren, a city council member, says the town will explore development.
Cahokia, in Illinois, attracts 400,000 visitors a year, but mostly because of how striking the 100-foot-tall Monk's Mound looks, and because it's located next to St. Louis and Interstate 70.
Arkansas City, in contrast, has pastureland.
But Civil War battlefields don't have a Monk's Mound either, Warren said. “And yet they attract thousands of visitors by doing a great job with walking trails and signs that explain step-by-step what was going on.”
If Arkansas City with its 12,000 people could attract 20,000 students, archaeologists and tourists a year, it would give the city a boost, said McLeod, in whose backyard Adam Ziegler found that cannonball. McLeod now runs the Etzanoa Conservancy, and has worked for two years to polish ideas. “We're really proud that all this history happened here, and we want to share it with the world,” he said.
“We're not talking about putting together a one-day wonder,” Warren said. “We're looking at creating something that could be great for the region, and for 50 years and more down the road. We're talking with (Unified School District) 470 about how it could enhance education. And we think the site could also be a hands-on field training facility for archaeologists from all over the world.”
They could build an interactive visitor center, he said. They could build reconstructions of the grass houses and granaries the Wichita used. They could employ flint-knappers who could show how skilled craftsmen made arrowheads and knife blades.
Etzanoa would have been beautiful, McLeod said. The river bluffs south of Arkansas City look like picture postcards. The bluffs and hills pour out clear spring water from dells and nooks.
McLeod drove up recently to the tallest point in Arkansas City — where the city's golf course clubhouse sits.
Blakeslee had told him that's where Caratax, the Wichita chief in 1601, probably kept his home.
“You can see 360 degrees in any direction from here,” McLeod said.
“And it's all beautiful.”
California: Five-time grand slam champion Maria Sharapova has received an invitation to play at the WTA Stanford tournament at the end of next month as the Russian star continues her return from a doping suspension.
Sharapova`s comeback from a 15-month doping ban will include a stop at Stanford University for the July 31-August 6 events, organizers announced on Wednesday.
Officials gave the 30-year-old Sharapova a wildcard entry as she gets set to compete in the tournament for the first time six years.
"I am excited to return to the Bank of the West Classic and would like to thank the tournament for giving me the opportunity to play," Sharapova said.
Former world number one Victoria Azarenka is also in the 28-player singles draw.
Sharapova tested positive for meldonium, a heart and blood boosting drug, at the 2016 Australian Open. She said that she had taken it for several years and did not know it had been placed on the banned list at the beginning of 2016.
Sharapova was issued a two-year suspension, but the Court of Arbitration for Sport reduced the ban on appeal.
Sharapova, ranked 173rd in the world, made her tour return in April at Stuttgart, reaching the semi-finals.
She had been due to try to qualify for Wimbledon but she pulled out earlier this week, citing a muscle injury.
She was denied a invite to the French Open, which wrapped up Sunday.
Two Republicans competing in the congested race for outgoing Rep. Jason Chaffetz's seat have secured their spots on the primary ballot — seemingly assuring a three-way race in the Aug. 15 primary.
The state elections office on Wednesday finished verifying the signatures collected by Provo Mayor John Curtis and investment adviser Tanner Ainge (son of Boston Celtics General Manager Danny Ainge). Both candidates met the 7,000-signature requirement.
Curtis and Ainge will join with the third Republican hopeful selected at Saturday's GOP convention. Front-runners for that include state Sens. Deidre Henderson and Margaret Dayton and state Rep. Brad Daw.
Ainge submitted nearly 9,000 signatures a week before the deadline. Getting on the ballot, he said, is "the first step to winning the Republican nomination."
FILE - In this April 24, 1997 file photo, author Ken Kesey poses with his bus "Further," in Springfield, Ore. In a twist straight out of a spy thriller, Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko showed up at a press conference in Kiev on Wednesday - a day after he was reportedly shot dead in the Ukrainian capital. Ken Kesey - ringmaster of acid-tripping band of 1960s jesters the Merry Pranksters - had published the acclaimed novel "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Newst" when he was arrested in 1965 for marijuana possession. He left his truck parked on a cliffside road in California with an apparent suicide note reading "Ocean, Ocean, Iâ€™ll beat you in the end" and was smuggled into Mexico in the trunk of a friend's car. He returned to the United States several months later, was arrested and served five months in prison. (AP Photo/Jeff Barnard, File)
FILE - In this April 24, 1997 file photo, author Ken Kesey poses with his bus "Further," in Springfield, Ore. In a twist straight out of a spy thriller, Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko showed up at a press conference in Kiev on Wednesday - a day after he was reportedly shot dead in the Ukrainian capital. Ken Kesey - ringmaster of acid-tripping band of 1960s jesters the Merry Pranksters - had published the acclaimed novel "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Newst" when he was arrested in 1965 for marijuana possession. He left his truck parked on a cliffside road in California with an apparent suicide note reading "Ocean, Ocean, Iâ€™ll beat you in the end" and was smuggled into Mexico in the trunk of a friend's car. He returned to the United States several months later, was arrested and served five months in prison. (AP Photo/Jeff Barnard, File)
LONDON (AP) - In a twist straight out of a spy thriller, Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko showed up at a news conference in Kiev on Wednesday - a day after he was reportedly shot dead in the Ukrainian capital. Babchenko explained that his death had been faked as part of sting by Ukrainian security services to catch his would-be assassin.
It's an astonishing saga, but not the first time people under stress or duress have gone to the extreme of faking their own deaths. Here are a few cases:
JUAN PUJOL
Spanish chicken farmer Juan Pujol, codenamed Agent Garbo, played a key role in the Allied invasion of Normandy during World War II. He pretended to be an agent of Germany, but was really working for Britain's MI5, feeding the Nazis misleading information about Allied war efforts.
His greatest success was persuading German commanders that the Allied invasion would come in France's Pas de Calais region, far north of the real Normandy landing beaches.
After the war, fearing revenge from surviving Nazis, he traveled with MI5 help to Angola where in 1949 he faked his death from malaria. Pujol, very much alive, moved to Venezuela, where he ran a bookshop. He died in 1988.
____
KEN KESEY
Ken Kesey - ringmaster of acid-tripping band of 1960s jesters the Merry Pranksters - had published the acclaimed novel "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest" when he was arrested in 1965 for marijuana possession.
Fearing prison, he left his truck parked on a cliff-side road in California with an apparent suicide note reading "Ocean, Ocean, I'll beat you in the end" and was smuggled into Mexico in the trunk of a friend's car. He returned to the United States several months later, was arrested and served several months in prison.
Kesey spent the rest of his life in Oregon and died in 2001 at the age of 66.
___
JOHN STONEHOUSE
John Stonehouse was a British Labour lawmaker with financial troubles. With his business ventures crumbling, Stonehouse went to Florida in 1974 and faked his own death by leaving his clothes in a bundle on a Miami beach.
He was arrested a month later in Australia where he was living under an alias taken from a dead former constituent. Extradited to Britain, he was sentenced to seven years for theft, fraud and deception.
After being released, Stonehouse reinvented himself as the author of several thrillers. He died in 1988, aged 62.
Two decades after his death, it was revealed that Stonehouse had been a Czech spy throughout the 1960s. Papers released by Britain's National Archives revealed that the British government had found out about Stonehouse's spying while he was still alive, but covered it up as there was too little evidence to put him on trial.
___
DAVID FRIEDLAND
New Jersey state senator Friedland was a rising star in political circles until he was caught taking $300,000 in kickbacks in 1980. He was sentenced to seven years in jail, but avoided prison by agreeing to help the government catch other thieves.
Friedland resumed his fraud, looting the pension funds of the Teamsters Union of more than $1 million. In 1985, when he learned an indictment was imminent, he traveled to the Bahamas and faked his death in a scuba-diving accident. Friedland eluded authorities until 1987, when he was captured in the Maldives, where he was running a scuba-diving business.
On his release from prison in 1997, he had few regrets about his years on the run.
"It would play better to say I had a miserable time, but that isn't true," he told the Asbury Park Press. "It was fun."
___
PHILIP SESSAREGO
Tom Carew was the best-selling author of "Jihad!" - an account of special forces operations in Afghanistan written by a former member of Britain's elite Special Air Service. In the weeks after the Sept, 11 attacks, Carew appeared on television as an expert on the Taliban.
But Carew was really Philip Sessarego, who had served in the regular British army, not the SAS. In 1993, Sessarego had faked his death in a car bombing in Croatia and reinvented himself as the dashing Carew.
After the ruse was exposed by the BBC in November 2001, Sessarego moved to Belgium. His decomposed body was found in a garage in Antwerp in 2008. Police said he had likely died of carbon monoxide poisoning.
Did you catch the big news about the Bachelorette last night? Your next Bachelorette is Rachel! She's making history for a couple reasons, she is the first black woman to be named Bachelorette and, oh yeah, she's still technically on the Bachelor! Last night's episode left off with Corrine, Vanessa, Raven and Rachel still vying for Nick's heart as they get ready to take him home to meet their parents! I'm gonna guess it doesn't go well for Rachel on the hometown date!
Adele kind of predicted her mishap at this year's Grammy's a year ago on Ellen! Following her performance at last year's Grammy's, Adele talked with Ellen about what she would do if there was ever another audio or technical problem… See what she had to say HERE!
Mariah Carey will be performing for the first time since her disastrous New Year's Eve performance. Mariah will be live (ish) on Jimmy Kimmel tomorrow night to perform her new song. You'd better believe we will be tuning in!
0 9 ways to pay for college without student loans
Student loan debt in the U.S. has reached nearly $1.5 trillion — including both federal and private student loans.
It's no secret that college isn't cheap — and the price of education is continuing to increase year after year.
Federal student loans can be a great way for students to get help to pay for school, but they don't always cover the entire cost, and depending on the college, students are graduating with tens of thousands of dollars in debt — with no hope of paying it off anytime soon.
Turning to private loans is even worse — as they typically come with much higher interest rates, fees for late payments and other concerning features that make them less favorable to federal loans.
So what's the alternative? With a little research and extra hard work, there are ways you can pay your tuition bills without getting buried in student loan debt. It may make life a little more complicated at times, but for many people, that can be a much better choice than getting stuck with debt for decades.
Ways to pay for college without student loans
1. Scholarships
There are tons of scholarship opportunities out there based on a variety of qualifications — academics, athletics, cultural and community experiences, background, location, desired major or area of study, accomplishments. If you get creative, you'll find a lot of options available out there. For example, football scholarships aren't just for football players, but some schools offer them to other members of the team like equipment managers.
High schools typically have resources for students to help them find scholarships they may be able to qualify for. Plus, there are tons of resources available on the Internet. Here are a few options:
Collegeboard.org is not only for college planning — it also has an arm that focuses on scholarships called Big Future.There is a huge database of scholarships on the website, so it is critical to fill out as many details as you can in the profile that is used for searching.
Fastweb.com is another great tool. Again, you need to create a profile in order to find the most accurate matches. You can then also see all the scholarships you applied for, or may want to apply to in the future. They also have ‘contests' that you can enter monthly or weekly to win money.
Niche.com (formerly College Prowler) can help you find colleges, as well as money. You have options to pick from what types of awards you're looking for. This site also has some contests to enter.
Moolahspot.com is not as robust, but does offer another choice. In the search for college funds, the more places you look, the better chance you have to get some extra dollars for your higher education.
Click here for more ways to find college scholarships
2. Choose the right school
The cost of college can vary a lot depending on the school. Choosing a school that's better for your budget can save you a lot of money in the long run, so it's important to do a little research. Find out what kind of financial aid different schools offer, as some provide aid based on need, some offer free tuition based on academics, and others are free altogether.
Public schools are typically cheaper than private colleges, and qualifying for in-state tuition at a state school can save you a lot. Plus, there are now ways to qualify for in-state tuition at an out-of-state school — usually by choosing a certain area of study. Here's more on how to do that.
3. Go to community school first
Clark Howard is a big fan of the idea of starting out at a two-year community college and then transferring to a state or other bigger four-year school where you plan to graduate from. And when you think about it, have you ever heard an employer ask where you started school?
You may not get the same sense of campus life when you go to a community college — like you would at a big public university — but you will get an education in what's usually a more student-oriented environment than at a traditional college. Then after two years, you can transfer to a traditional school and end up with only two years to pay for — instead of four.
RELATED: New ways to pay down student loan debt
4. Go with honors
There's a new program that takes this route a step further. AmericanHonors.org will guarantee your admission to big name schools if you do the required coursework and maintain your grade point average.
The cost to go the American Honors route is about $3,000 a semester in tuition and fees. And while that is a bit more than community college, having that added layer of a big name school guaranteeing your admission down the road is pretty nice.
5. Work study
Student employment through the university is a great way to help you fund your college expenses. The Federal Work-Study program offers job opportunities to full-time and part-time students at thousands of schools across the country as a way to help finance their education. The jobs offered may also fit with your particular area of study, giving you some extra experience. When you fill out for FAFSA, make sure to check the box that indicates you're interested in student employment.
RELATED: Clark's Student Loan Guide
6. Employer reimbursement programs
I love Clark Howard's story of how he got a job with IBM as a bill collector, because he knew they would help pay for his master's degree. He had to pay for his books and maintain a B average, or he wouldn't get the reimbursement. So he worked his tail off and had the cost of his tuition covered for his master's in business management!
Today, there are tons of different employers offering similar options. Chipotle, Starbucks and Chrysler have all announced expansions of, or additions to, their tuition reimbursement programs in recent years.
Starbucks will pay half your tuition for the freshman and sophomore years. If you make it to junior year, they then offer full tuition reimbursement for both junior and senior year. To qualify, Starbucks employees are only required to work a minimum of 20 hours a week; there is no minimum length of service time required to qualify. Perhaps best of all, there is no handcuff requiring you to stay with the corporation after graduation.
In May of 2018, Walmart announced that it will begin subsidizing college tuition for its 1.4 million employees in the U.S. Full- and part-time employees can enroll in courses in business or supply chain management either on campus or online at one of three universities: The University of Florida, Brandman University in Irvine, California, or Bellevue University in Bellevue, Nebraska. Employees are required to pay only $1 per day toward the cost of classes and are not obligated to work for the company after they obtain their degrees.
7. Grants
Grants are typically reserved for students who demonstrate a certain amount of financial need. They're offered by state and federal governments, as well as by private organizations and universities. Some are geared toward certain groups of students — such as those with a specific area of study or a unique trait like being a first-generation college student.
In order to apply for federal grants, you need to fill out the FAFSA. And do a little research to find out about other options that might be available to you.
8. Work during school
Working on the side throughout school can be a great way to cover at least some of your expenses. It's important to balance working with your academics, so if you're someone who can make both work, then go for it! Check out local community websites and job boards for opportunities in the area.
And for some more ideas, here's a list of 30 ways to make extra cash!
9. Look at directional schools
In many states, you have a flagship state university and then you have ‘directional schools.' A directional school is simply any school with a description of where it is geographically located in the name, like Central Michigan University, where Clark got his master's degree. These kinds of schools tend to devote more of their money to classroom teaching, rather than to faculty research. They have higher efficiency and lower tuition.
So if you look at a directional school, you may save a substantial amount of money on education.
More resources:
Clark.com
Newcastle Council is trying to get the ball rolling on extending the light rail, amid concerns the state government is dragging its feet.
They've passed a motion to push for a working party to look into extending the rail system to the Lake Macquarie interchange and up to the airport.
The state government previously said it was open to the idea of extending the light rail beyond Wickham.
If you haven't heard the name Izak Rankine before, then write it down - you're going to want to remember it.
The 18-year-old South Australian produced one of the best-ever quarters of the AFL's under-18 championships at Etihad Stadium on Wednesday, completely owning the contest to help the Croweaters establish an early 26-point lead.
If not for some wayward kicking he could have gone to the break with five goals to his name. But a 3.2 return, including two freakish finishes, and a spectacular pack mark from seven touches was still something special to behold.
WATCH HIS HIGHLIGHTS IN THE VIDEO PLAYER ABOVE
Rankine emerged on the national stage as a bottom-aged player at last year's championships, earning All-Australian honours with his flashes of brilliance throughout the tournament.
This year he's been able to not only show flashes, but completely dominate games.
He finished with five goals, 17 disposals, four clearances, four tackles and five inside-50s against Vic Metro as SA claimed the title.
That was after having 20 disposals, three goals, four inside-50s and three score assists against the Allies last week.
Camera Icon Is he in the No.1 pick conversation? Picture: Getty Images
Rankine was already being talked up as a top-10 draft prospect, but would almost certainly earn himself a spot amongst the top five prospects after his carnival - joining key position players Jack Lukosius, Max King, his brother Ben King and midfielder Sam Walsh, who was named this year's Larke medallist.
And if he continues this kind of form in the SANFL seniors for the rest of the season, who knows how high he will climb?
MIAMI (AP) — The NBA draft lottery is in May, the draft happens in June and free agency arrives in July.
The Miami Heat aren't hurrying toward any of them.
Changing from the normal end-of-season schedule, the Heat have told players — whether they're about to become free agents or not — that they're welcome to stick around and keep working over the coming weeks. So while Monday was the start of the traditional exit meetings with coach Erik Spoelstra and team officials, it wasn't a true parting of ways for the offseason.
“It's cleanup day, not clean-out day,” Spoelstra said. “Lockers are still going to be there. We want our guys to still feel at home here. Free agency is going to happen. A lot of our players are going to have free-agent possibilities or opportunities in July. But that's July.”
Advertisement
So the nameplates will stay on the lockers, the practice gear won't get packed up for the summer and sneakers aren't being shipped to offseason homes quite yet. While a few players are in the midst of finalizing offseason plans out of town — point guard Goran Dragic is returning to his native Slovenia and will play for his national team this summer — some are already thinking about getting back to work.
“Why not? It's Miami,” shooting guard Dion Waiters said. “What other place is better than this in the summertime? I think it's great that guys should stick around and take advantage of it while you're here. … I'm going to be around.”
Waiters took a $2.9 million deal for this season, saying it was a bet on himself — and it's likely going to pay off, after Miami went 27-19 with him in the lineup. Free-agent-in-waiting James Johnson is also likely going to get a huge raise after the best season, by far, of his career. Luke Babbitt will be another free agent and Wayne Ellington has a team option.
Some changes are coming, though if this core of Heat players had its way the team wouldn't look much different next fall. Dragic said the team that went 30-11 in the second half of this season, if healthy, could make a run at big things next season.
“They know we want them back,” Dragic said. “They are a big part of this team. Everybody's so close, it's going to be hard for them to choose some other team, too. Hopefully they stay.”
Not making the playoffs was clearly painful, though some said things began returning to normal over the weekend. NBA rebounding champion Hassan Whiteside went over to Tyler Johnson's house for some visiting and snapchatting, players and coaches donned bunny ears at an end-of-season team party — it was Easter weekend — and a few even watched some playoff games.
There isn't a lot of looking ahead, at least for now.
“There's a long way until this summer,” Spoelstra said. “It's OK to still reflect and embrace how unique this season was. I think so often all of us fall prey to ‘what's next' and ‘what is the future' and you're not able to enjoy and be present. You miss a lot of great things.”
Ellington said he's thinking he will be back with the Heat, and Waiters — while cautioning that he can't predict the future — indicated that he's already thinking about staying with Miami.
“It was a blessing, man. Truly a blessing,” Waiters said. “But we're just getting started. It's only the beginning. It's only the beginning.”
If so, most of those lockers won't need to be cleaned out for quite some time.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Gas hobs are being recalled by IKEA over carbon monoxide fears, it has been announced.
The furniture and home goods giant announced the news on its website today (April 24).
Anyone who purchased an ELDSLÅGA gas hob before January 1 this year is asked to call the customer service department to book in a repair as a matter of urgency.
The gas hobs are being repaired due to carbon monoxide emissions above European Union limit levels.
A home visit by a service technician to repair the hob is free of charge.
A statement on the IKEA website said: “As a precautionary measure, IKEA is conducting a recall for repair on all ELDSLÅGA gas hobs purchased before January 1, 2018.
“This action follows an investigation by the Belgian market surveillance authorities. To repair this fault, a home visit by a service technician is required. This service is free of charge.
(Image: IKEA)
“Due to a human error at the supplier the wrong gas injector was installed resulting in CO emissions above European Union requirements. CO is a poisonous gas that has no smell or taste.
“Symptoms of carbon monoxide poisoning can include headache, nausea, dizziness, tiredness, stomach pain and can in very extreme cases lead to death.
“The investigation shows that the wrong injector does not increase the risk of fire or explosion. There have been no reported incidents.
“Customers are urged to stop using the rapid burner (hob) placed in the upper right corner as pictured until the repair service has been completed. All other burners are safe to use.”
“To repair the fault, customers affected are asked to contact the IKEA customer service team on 0203 645 0010 to book a time for the repair service. A receipt is not required.
Ikea drawers 'kills eighth child' - but there's no UK recall yet
The affected products have been sold in Sweden, Norway, Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Czech Republic, Croatia, Lithuania, Serbia, Russia, Slovakia, Hungary, Poland, Spain, United Kingdom, Ireland, Italy, Portugal, Austria, Germany, Belgium and France.
IKEA has apologised for any inconvenience this may cause.
MOBILE, Ala. (WKRG) — President Donald Trump was active on Twitter Monday morning, tweeting about Alabama politics.
The President tweeted around 5:40 a.m. that “Luther Strange of the Great State of Alabama has my endorsement.” President Trump says Strange “is strong on Border & Wall, the military, tax cuts & law enforcement.”
Luther Strange of the Great State of Alabama has my endorsement. He is strong on Border & Wall, the military, tax cuts & law enforcement. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 14, 2017
A special senate election will take place Tuesday, August 15th in Alabama.
Nine republicans and seven democrats are vying for the seat of former Senator Jeff Sessions, who stepped down to become Attorney General. Strange faces a slate of challengers in the GOP primary, including former Alabama Chief Justice Roy Moore, U.S. Rep. Mo Brooks, state Sen. Trip Pittman and Christian Coalition leader Randy Brinson.
Polls are open from 7:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. To win outright, a candidate has to get at least 50 percent of the vote. A runoff is scheduled for September 26th. The general election will be on December 12th.
Trump call for unity among Americans in his State of the Union address last night met with alarm from minorities
Trump call for unity among Americans in his State of the Union address last night met with alarm from minorities
Rose McGowan says it's time for Harvey Weinstein to drop his story about a "consensual" relationship
Rose McGowan says it's time for Harvey Weinstein to drop his story about a "consensual" relationship
A law enforcement official says there's no indication a man identified in court documents as a "person of interest" after the Las Vegas massacre committed a federal crime or had any involvement or knowledge of the mass shooting.
A law enforcement official says there's no indication a man identified in court documents as a "person of interest" after the Las Vegas massacre committed a federal crime or had any involvement or knowledge of the mass shooting.
Nearly 30 more women and girls have confronted disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom as he awaits another sentencing for sexual assaults under the guise of medical treatment
Nearly 30 more women and girls have confronted disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom as he awaits another sentencing for sexual assaults under the guise of medical treatment
Fans attending the Super Bowl in Minneapolis will have the chance to go through security screening off-site, and out of the elements
Fans attending the Super Bowl in Minneapolis will have the chance to go through security screening off-site, and out of the elements
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. on why comedians are the "white blood cells of a sickened democracy"
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. on why comedians are the "white blood cells of a sickened democracy"
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. on joking around in the era of Trump
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. on joking around in the era of Trump
Los Angeles police say middle school shooting that critically injured a boy was accidental; 12-year-old girl booked for negligent discharge of a firearm.
Los Angeles police say middle school shooting that critically injured a boy was accidental; 12-year-old girl booked for negligent discharge of a firearm.
The former Hawaii state employee who sent the alert that mistakenly warned of an incoming missile says he's devastated for causing panic, but was "100 percent sure" it was a real attack.
The former Hawaii state employee who sent the alert that mistakenly warned of an incoming missile says he's devastated for causing panic, but was "100 percent sure" it was a real attack.
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history said his customer didn't raise suspicions that he planned to commit any crimes.
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history said his customer didn't raise suspicions that he planned to commit any crimes.
A father of three victims of Larry Nassar has tried to attack the disgraced former sports doctor during a court hearing in Michigan.
A father of three victims of Larry Nassar has tried to attack the disgraced former sports doctor during a court hearing in Michigan.
The Latest: Dad who lunged at Nassar says he's 'no hero'
The Latest: Dad who lunged at Nassar says he's 'no hero'
The mystery of the death of acclaimed actress Natalie Wood has endured nearly four decades.
The mystery of the death of acclaimed actress Natalie Wood has endured nearly four decades.
Disgraced gymnastics doctor Larry Nassar to hear from more victims who say he molested them when third and final sentencing hear resumes.
Disgraced gymnastics doctor Larry Nassar to hear from more victims who say he molested them when third and final sentencing hear resumes.
North Dakota judge will decide whether woman who admitted killing pregnant neighbor so she and her boyfriend could keep the baby should get a sentence other than life in prison without parole.
North Dakota judge will decide whether woman who admitted killing pregnant neighbor so she and her boyfriend could keep the baby should get a sentence other than life in prison without parole.
Calls for change are growing in state capitols across the country after continued allegations of sexual misconduct by lawmakers.
Calls for change are growing in state capitols across the country after continued allegations of sexual misconduct by lawmakers.
(AP File Photo). FILE - In this April 23, 1972 file photo, actor Robert Wagner and his former wife, actress Natalie Wood, pose at the Dorchester Hotel in London, England. Investigators are now calling Wagner a "person of interest" in the 1981 death of ...
(AP Photo/File). FILE - A Dec. 1, 1981 file photo shows actress Natalie Wood. Investigators are now calling 87-year-old actor Robert Wagner a "person of interest" in the 1981 death of his wife Natalie Wood. Mystery has swirled around Wood's death. It w...
(Photo by Todd Williamson /Invision/AP). FILE - In this Dec. 1, 2013 file photo, Robert Wagner attends The Caucus for Producers, Writers and Directors 31st Annual Awards in Beverly Hills, Calif. New witnesses have emerged in the 1981 drowning of actres...
(AP Photo/Paul J. Harrington, File). FILE - This Nov. 30, 1981 file photo shows the "Prince Valiant," the inflatable dinghy used by Natalie Wood, moored at the harbor in Avalon, Calif., after it washed up on the rocks on Santa Catalina Island. Patrolme...
By BRIAN MELLEY
Associated Press
LOS ANGELES (AP) - The mystery of the death of acclaimed actress Natalie Wood has endured for nearly four decades as the investigation has ebbed and flowed like the tides off a California island where her body was found floating on Thanksgiving weekend 1981.
Renewed interest came this week when the lead detective in the case said her widower, actor Robert Wagner, now 87, is considered a person of interest.
Here's a look at what's known about the death and the investigation over the years.
ALL ABOARD
The body of Wood, 43, was found off Catalina Island, a scenic getaway about 30 miles south of the Los Angeles-area coastline. The three-time Academy Award nominee who starred in "West Side Story" and "Rebel Without a Cause" couldn't swim. She was wearing a red down jacket and nightgown.
She had been drinking heavily aboard a yacht with her husband and with actor Christopher Walken, who was filming the thriller "Brainstorm" with Wood. The only other person aboard was the boat's captain.
Wagner, who was starring at the time in the TV drama "Hart to Hart," has denied any involvement in his wife's death, and no charges have been filed.
THEORIES FROM TWO KEY WITNESSES
Wagner wrote in a 2008 memoir that he and Walken argued that night. Walken went to bed and Wagner stayed up for a while, he wrote. When he went to bed, he noticed his wife and a rubber dinghy that had been tied to the yacht were missing.
"There are only two possibilities," Wagner wrote, "either she was trying to get away from the argument, or she was trying to tie the dinghy. But the bottom line is that nobody knows exactly what happened."
Walken has said little publicly over the years about the incident and has offered brusque replies at times when pressed. However, he told Playboy in 1997 that he thought Wood was probably half-asleep and slipped, hit her head and fell from the dinghy.
"Anybody there saw the logistics - of the boat, the night, where we were, that it was raining - and would know exactly what happened," Walken said. "You hear about things happening to people - they slip in the bathtub, fall down the stairs, step off the curb in London because they think that the cars come the other way - and they die. You feel you want to die making an effort at something; you don't want to die in some unnecessary way."
CHANGING INVESTIGATION
Authorities initially ruled the death an accidental drowning, but that changed. They reopened the investigation in 2011 after the boat's captain, Dennis Davern, said he heard the couple arguing the night of her disappearance.
The Los Angeles coroner's office amended Wood's death certificate in 2012 to include "drowning and other undetermined factors."
The change was due in part because investigators couldn't rule out that some of the bruises and marks on Wood's body happened before she went into the water, according to the report. Wood wasn't wearing a life jacket, had no history of suicide attempts and didn't leave a note.
The report also revealed that investigators hadn't preserved Wood's fingernails to determine if she had tried to claw her way back into the dinghy. Scratch marks were found on the craft's hull.
When the case was reopened, Los Angeles County sheriff's Lt. John Corina said Wagner was not a suspect.
This week, Corina told CBS News that he didn't believe Wagner had told the whole story about what happened and called him a person of interest in the case.
Initially, a sheriff's spokeswoman downplayed the report Thursday and said there was nothing new in the case. But later, the department issued a statement confirming that Wagner is a person of interest.
"Do we have enough to make an arrest at this moment? No," spokeswoman Nicole Nishida said.
WHAT WALKEN AND WAGNER TOLD INVESTIGATORS
Investigators made at least 10 attempts to interview Wagner again after reopening the investigation in 2011, including tracking him down in Colorado. But either Wagner or his lawyer refused.
Wagner's attorney, Blair Berk, issued a statement five years ago saying neither Wagner nor his daughters had any new information and blaming people for trying to exploit the 30th anniversary of Wood's death.
"Mr. Wagner has fully cooperated over the last 30 years in the investigation of the accidental drowning of his wife in 1981," Berk said at the time. "Mr. Wagner has been interviewed on multiple occasions by the Los Angeles sheriff's department and answered every single question asked of him by detectives during those interviews."
At the time, Corina said Walken gave a prepared statement and spoke to detectives for an hour.
Detectives also interviewed other actors who knew Wagner and Wood to learn more about their relationship.
NEW WITNESSES COME FORWARD
New witnesses interviewed since the case was reopened gave statements that "portray a new sequence of events on the boat that night," said Nishida, the sheriff's spokeswoman.
One witness described hearing yelling and crashing sounds coming from the couple's stateroom, she said. Shortly afterward, other witnesses heard a man and woman arguing on the back of the boat and believe the voices were those of Wood and Wagner.
Those statements differ from the version of events originally provided by witnesses, including those who were on the boat, she said.
In the past, people on boats moored near the yacht have provided witness statements.
Wagner's publicist, Alan Nierob, declined to comment Thursday.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
A 14-year-old boy is fighting for his life in hospital after being hit by a car in Ripon this morning.
The teenager was walking to school when he was knocked down by a silver car in Clotherholme Road at around 8.45am.
North Yorkshire Police said the boy had suffered serious injuries and was taken to hospital by paramedics.
A spokesman said: "His condition is currently described as critical. His family has been informed and is currently with him in hospital."
Officers want to hear from anyone who witnessed the collision, which happened near the junction of Aislabie Garth.
The spokesman said Clotherholme Road been closed to allow emergency services to deal with the incident and carry out investigations.
"It is likely to stay closed for several hours and drivers are urged to use alternative routes to prevent congestion in the area," he added.
Anyone who witnessed the collision is asked to email Rob.Roberts@northyorkshire.pnn.police.uk or call 101, select option 2 and ask for Traffic Constable Rob Roberts.
Please quote incident reference NYP-11122017-0090 when sharing information.
ATHENS, April 12 Greece's privatisation agency said on Wednesday it was seeking a financial advisor for the sale of minority stakes in two water utilities.
Under its international bailout, Greece must sell an 11 percent stake in Athens Water Supply & Sewerage S.A and a 23 percent stake in Thessaloniki Water Supply & Sewerage S.A.. (Reporting by Angeliki Koutantou; Editing by Susan Fenton)
Local independent pub operator receives prestigious award from Princess Anne at St James's Palace ceremony.
Tring-born pub restaurant chain Oakman Inns & Restaurants - operators of 20 contemporary pubs across Herts, Bucks, Beds, Northants, Warwickshire and Oxfordshire - is celebrating after receiving Royal recognition.
Oakman, which all started with the Akeman in Tring under Peter Borg-Neal, was commended for its commitment to training and skills excellence by Her Royal Highness The Princess Royal at a ceremony at St James's Palace in London.
Oakman Inns is one of 40 organisations - and the only pub group - honoured with this year's Princess Royal Training Award for creating lasting impact by successfully linking their skills development needs to business performance.
All 40 recipients demonstrated that training has a significant impact on productivity and business success. They were drawn from across the public and private sector, from a broad range of areas including hospitality, healthcare, finance and manufacturing.
The award recognises the success of Oakman Inns' online training academy, Oakmanology, which was developed to support and retain their growing number of staff. Using a blend of on-the-job training, role-playing and online interactivity, the programme has produced tangible results in career path development and has improved staff retention by 43%. The ability to develop multi-skills linked to career development and training achievement incentive schemes has also proved a winner for Oakman's staff.
The Princess Royal Training Awards are delivered by the City & Guilds Group to highlight the value of training and employee development and celebrate examples of best practice. In total, 116 applications were submitted in 2017, with the longlist assessed against three Hallmarks of Excellence by the Princess Royal Training Awards Commission, which comprised of HRH The Princess Royal and seven leading figures in the business and training community. A shortlist of 40 businesses of different sizes and from different industries was then drawn up, with winners including Mercedes-Benz Cars UK, North West Ambulance Service NHS Trust and Waitrose.
Jill Scatchard, Oakman Inns' HR director, said: “It is a huge honour to be recognised for one's work, but like everything at Oakman Inns, it's a team effort driven and inspired by our simple ethos, “To Be The Best We Can Be”. It has been our focus for 10 years now, since our CEO, Peter Borg-Neal opened his first site in Tring; and it is in every aspect of every Oakman activity from community engagement and caring for our environment to sourcing the best ingredients for our dishes created by our talented chefs, to presenting them to our customers by our brilliant staff who are passionate about ensuring our guests are given the best experience they can be.”
Peter Borg-Neal, CEO, Oakman Inns & Restaurants added: “Jill has driven our training and career development programme and I'm so proud of her and all her team for the hard work they've put into it. We are a people business and employ an average of 40 at each of our sites. We want them to be passionate and proud of what they do and with three new openings early next year, we are committed to continuing the development of our range of skills and training schemes so that we not only produce the managers of the future but give each one of our team members an opportunity to ‘learn a living'. What better way to celebrate our 10th year.”
Commenting on this year's recipients, Chris Jones, chief executive of the City & Guilds Group said Oakman were ‘truly worthy recipients of this rigorously assessed royal award'.
The Oakman Collection includes:
Bedfordshire:
White Hart, Ampthill
Buckinghamshire:
Beech House, Beaconsfield;
Dog & Badger, Medmenham;
The Akeman Inn, Kingswood;
Betsey Wynne, Swanbourne;
Hertfordshire:
King's Arms, Berkhamsted;
Banyers House, Royston;
Beech House, St Albans;
The Red Lion, Water End;
The Akeman, Tring
Northamptonshire:
The Navigation at Thrupp Wharf, Cosgrove
Oxfordshire:
The Crown & Thistle, Abingdon;
The Old Post Office, Wallingford;
Blue Boar, Witney
Warwickshire:
The Globe, Warwick;
Four Alls, Welford on Avon
West Midlands:
Beech House, Solihull
OPENING SOON:
Beech House, Amersham (Opening Spring 2018)
Cherry Tree, Olney (Opening Spring 2018)
Romania's president asks ruling coalition to solve internal crisis
BUCHAREST, June 15 Romanian President Klaus Iohannis on Thursday called on politicians to solve the country's political crisis and will only appoint a new prime minister if the incumbent resigns or loses a non-confidence vote in parliament, his spokeswoman said on Thursday.
OROVILLE, Calif. (AP) — The Latest on problems with an emergency spillway at the nation's tallest dam (all times local):
7:25 a.m.
The Oroville Reservoir is continuing to drain as state water officials scrambled to reduce the lake's level ahead of impending storms.
The Los Angeles Times reports (http://lat.ms/2lKMK5I) that the reservoir was down 20 feet since it reached capacity on Sunday when it overflowed and sparked an evacuation order for nearly 200,000 people south of the dam.
Officials say the lake is draining at 100,000 cubic feet per second, reducing the reservoir about a foot every three hours. The Department of Water Resources wants to drop the reservoir's level 50 feet overall by Sunday.
Forecasts call for 2-4 inches of rain and snow in the foothills and mountains starting Wednesday night or early Thursday. But the storm was looking colder than initially projected, meaning less rain and less runoff than last week's storms.
_____
12:30 a.m.
The stress of evacuation and an uncertain future were enough for Donald Azevedo and his family to opt to stay a few more nights in an emergency shelter rather than risk having to do it all again.
The family was among the nearly 200,000 Californians who live downstream from the country's tallest dam who were told they could return home but warned they may have to flee again if repairs made to the battered Oroville Dam spillways don't hold.
The fixes could be put to their first test later this week with the first of a series of small storms forecast for the region expected to reach the area Wednesday night.
WASHINGTON – A District of Columbia federal judge has delivered the toughest blow yet to Trump administration efforts to end deportation protections for young undocumented immigrants, ordering the government to continue the Obama-era program and – for the first time since announcing it would end – reopen it to new applicants.
U.S. District Judge John Bates on Tuesday called the government's decision to end the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program “virtually unexplained” and therefore “unlawful.” However, he stayed his ruling for 90 days to give the Department of Homeland Security a chance to provide more solid reasoning for ending the program.
Bates is the third judge to rule against Trump administration attempts to rescind DACA, which provides two-year, renewable work permits and deportation protections for about 690,000 “Dreamers,” undocumented immigrants brought to this country as children.
In his decision, Bates said the decision to phase out the program starting in March “was arbitrary and capricious because the Department failed adequately to explain its conclusion that the program was unlawful.”
“Each day that the agency delays is a day that aliens who might otherwise be eligible for initial grants of DACA benefits are exposed to removal because of an unlawful agency action,” Bates wrote.
Federal judges in California and New York have also blocked the administration's plans on those grounds, and ordered the administration to renew work permits for immigrants enrolled in the program.
But the ruling by Bates, an appointee of President George W. Bush, is far more expansive: If the government does not come up with a better explanation within 90 days, he will rescind the government memo that terminated the program and require Homeland Security to enroll new applicants, as well. Thousands could be eligible to apply.
“We are pleased and gratified . . . but we're not out of the woods yet,” said Bradford Berry, general counsel for the NAACP, a plaintiff in one of the two lawsuits that triggered the ruling. “The government still has an opportunity to try to save their rescission of the program.”
The Trump administration said it is reviewing the decision. In a statement, the Justice Department pointed out that a similar Obama-era program for immigrant parents failed to survive a court challenge, and said ending DACA was part of its efforts to protect the border and enforce the rule of law.
“Today's order doesn't change the Department of Justice's position on the facts: DACA was implemented unilaterally after Congress declined to extend benefits to this same group of illegal aliens,” spokesman Devin O'Malley said in a statement. “The Justice Department will continue to vigorously defend this position.”
A federal judge in Maryland recently ruled in favor of the government in a different DACA case.
The Trump administration says it decided to end DACA because Texas and other states had threatened to sue over it, and the government believed the program would not survive a court challenge. Bates ruled that the government's “meager legal reasoning” – and the threat of a lawsuit – did not justify terminating the program.
Congress failed to pass legislation this year protecting DACA recipients and other dreamers. Trump had hoped to use the young immigrants as a bargaining chip in the last round of budget negotiations, offering legal residency for them in exchange for money for a border wall and strict new immigration limits.
After negotiations collapsed, he declared DACA “dead.”
His administration this year has renewed more than 55,000 work permits for immigrants enrolled in the program, as the courts required.
The program has transformed the lives of hundreds of thousands of immigrants, allowing them to get driver's licenses, qualify for in-state tuition, buy homes, and attend college and graduate school. They must meet educational and residency requirements and cannot have serious criminal records.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
A recent report from Rabobank shows dryness in the south is pointing towards tightening of beef supplies.
The Rabobank Beef Quarterly report shows beef cow slaughter numbers are up ten percent through mid-April from a year ago, driven by ongoing dry pasture conditions, and the likelihood of forced herd liquidation during the coming grazing season, as reported by meat industry publication Meatingplace.
Beef production and consumption are both increasing, adding some building pressure on the world's major beef markets, along with the potential of a drought year in the United States. The limited grazing opportunities in the U.S. forced cattle into feedyards quicker, driving up the number of cattle on feed between September and February.
Western Oklahoma remains in an extreme drought, according to the latest U.S. Drought Monitor, along with much of Western Texas classified in a severe drought.
China has agreed to establish four museums in different areas of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.
The Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Archaeology and Museum Department and the Cultural Bureau of Shanxi province of China signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) to establish four museums, protect and preserve archaeological and heritage sites as part of the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC) project in different areas of the province.
The signing ceremony was held at the Tourism Corporation, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. Furthermore, under the MoU, the museums, archaeological and heritage sites would be preserved and renovated while four museums would be established on CPEC route in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.
The Chinese delegation said that an educational institution would be established at the University of Peshawar to start the Chinese language course and create awareness about the culture of China among the people of this part of the world.
China would also establish four international standard museums in the province having libraries and other modern facilities. The dignitaries said that Gandhara art exhibitions would be organised in various cities of China, including Shanghai, Beijing and Shanxi.
Jason Lawrence, a 20 year industry leader in the business process improvement industry today revealed to Talkers.FM Business Radio his most valuable insights into improving workplace productivity using Salesforce CRM.
Jason is the CEO and Founder of SalesFix, an Australian-based Salesforce Gold Consulting and Implementation Partner. He has previously worked with organisations such as P&O Ferries, Laing O'Rourke Construction, RadianScore Initial, and City Link. His interests in the business process management deepened and became his greatest passion, leading him to run his own Salesforce consultancy firm.
With more than 10 years of Salesforce experience, SalesFix takes pride in their expertise in data management, accounting services, business analysis, marketing and sales.
SalesFix aims to enhance a client's business process to improve the overall experience. They work with small and medium-sized businesses that are investing in digital transformation projects – helping clients to collect Excel spreadsheets and paperwork, integrate data into an online database, and automate a large portion of their process to improve productivity results.
SalesFix is also a proud member of Pledge 1% (pledge1percent.org), a group of companies that encourages businesses around the globe to give back to the community. Pledge 1% founding partners include Salesforce, Atlassian, and Rally.
To book a Salesforce Consultation with SalesFix, fill up the form here: salesfix.com.au/contact
The interview is available here: youtu.be/XRDeDq_JW-g
#SalesFix #SalesforceConsultingPartners #SalesforceDeveloperSupport
For interviews and further information, please contact Talkers.FM:
Website: www.talkers.fm
Email: info@talkers.fm
Phone: +617 31 77 99 00 (Australia)
Phone: +44 020 3515 0011 (UK)
Phone: +1800 391 8147 (US)
POWERED BY: VERTICAL INTERNET MEDIA
The battle for exposure to customers on Google, the fight to get and hold their attention, and the struggle to convert them from idle lookers to dedicated buyers is one that begins with the frequent publication of original content and now is the time to start.
By The Associated Press
COLUMBIA, S.C. (AP) — The parent company of South Carolina Electric & Gas Co. is offering the site of a failed nuclear reactor project to the state-owned utility Santee Cooper.
The State newspaper reported SCANA proposed giving the Fairfield County site to Santee Cooper so the project could be preserved and perhaps finished later.
SCE&G and Santee Cooper abandoned the effort July 31 after spending more than $9 billion.
The newspaper said choosing not to preserve the site is part of SCANA's strategy to show it has abandoned the effort and deserves a $2 billion tax write-off.
Advertisement
Santee Cooper worries that accepting ownership of the site would stick its customers with the full cost of maintaining the site. Santee Cooper doesn't like a provision to prevent it from suing SCANA over the failed project.
ANN ARBOR (CBS Local) – An engineer in Michigan may have just answered the prayers of many parents who have messy children at home. Researchers at the University of Michigan have reportedly created a new coating that's being called an “everything-repellent.”
The Details:
University of Michigan scientists develop “omniphobic” coating that can repel nearly every liquid
Inspired by co-author's dream to create material that would make cleaning up after his child easier
Coating prevents grime buildup on surfaces like tables, floors, walls, even phone screens
‘Everything Repellant' could be game-changer for daycares, homes with young kids
Next phase of study is to ensure material isn't toxic
Anish Tuteja, an associate professor of materials science and engineering, says his team has developed an “omniphobic” substance, which can repel nearly every known liquid. The clear and durable coating was inspired by the scientist's dream to create a material that could make cleaning up after his child a much easier chore.
“I have a 2-year-old at home, so for me, this particular project was about more than just the science,” Tuteja said in a university paper. “We're excited about what this could do to make homes and daycares cleaner places, and we're looking at a variety of possible applications in industry as well.”
According to the team's findings, published in ACS Applied Materials & Interfaces, the omniphobic coating can be applied to any surface and would prevent grime from building up on tables, floors, walls, and even phone screens.
The new coating mixes two substances, a bonding agent called fluorinated polyurethane and a molecule known as F-POSS. “The repellent and binder mix together well enough to make a clear coating, but there's a very small amount of phase separation between them,” researcher Mathew Boban explained in a press release. Boban added that the F-POSS will “float to the surface” of the mixture and forms the kid-proof layer.
Tuteja says his team is now studying their new coating to make sure it's not toxic. Items like yoga mats, which contain polyurethane foam, have previously been linked to infertility due to exposure to the flame retardant chemical.
US President Barack Obama will deliver a farewell address on Jan. 10 to reflect on his time in office and say thank you to his supporters, he said in an email statement released on Monday.
Obama, noting that the first president of the United States, George Washington, had penned a farewell address in 1796, said he would deliver his speech in his hometown of Chicago.
“I'm thinking about (the remarks) as a chance to say thank you for this amazing journey, to celebrate the ways you've changed this country for the better these past eight years, and to offer some thoughts on where we all go from here,” he said.
Republican Donald Trump will be sworn into office on Jan. 20. During his campaign for the White House, Trump pledged to undo many of Obama's signature policy measures, including his health care law.
Obama, who campaigned hard for Trump's Democratic opponent Hillary Clinton, has sought to ensure a smooth transition of power despite major policy differences with his successor. He also leaves his party without a clear figurehead as he leaves the White House.
“Since 2009, we've faced our fair share of challenges, and come through them stronger,” Obama said in the email, likely foreshadowing a theme for his speech.
Indian govt to decide about having a dialogue with Pakistan after its new govt is formed: Source
This is a segment of Zee News which brings to you the latest updates. Indian govt to decide about having a dialogue with Pakistan after its new govt is formed: Source. Watch this video for more information.
Please fill out the information below to Subscribe to Hurleys Media LTD. This will allow you to post comments on articles, get notifications on upcoming events and MORE!
Your afternoon host AJ has been in Seattle for over 5 years and SO much has happened in his life since moving here. He and his wife of 7 years Nicole, had their first baby (Max...he is now 2) and they bought their first home here. When AJ isn't on the air, at a sporting event supporting one of our local teams (ESPECIALLY the Sounders and Seahawks) or hosting an event for one of the organizations that he works with including Making Strides Against Breast Cancer, March For Babies, Susan G Komen and Washington Trails Association, he is more than likely climbing a mountain! "I love everything this place has to offer, from world-class entertainment, to the incredible food to all of its natural beauty with so many amazing mountains and trails at our doorstep! I LOVE the Pacific Northwest and am proud to call it home and do what I love to do with an incredible group of people."
THANK YOU for being a subscriber. Because of you Whaleoil is going from strength to strength. It is a little known fact that Whaleoil subscribers are better in bed, good looking and highly intelligent. Sometimes all at once!
× Expand At last year's event, a sidewalk on Broad Street was trod by a contingent of kazoo holders and blowers, led by two musicians playing French horns. (Photo courtesy Mozart Festival)
Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart and Richmond go together quite well, thank you very much, as you can experience throughout Scott's Addition, for free, on Saturday, April 28, during the Fifth Annual Mozart Festival that takes Wolfie into bars, coffee shops and other nontraditional venues. Yes, you read that right, this is the fifth year, and the last as event director for the Richmond Symphony's principal second violinist, Ellen Cockerham Riccio.
This year's events include the Clover Hill High School marching band leading kids and parents from the courtyard of Gather to King of Pops, operatic arias at Gelati Celesti, and a full orchestra playing excerpts from Mozart symphonies at the Urban Farmhouse. The festival is powered by the talents of more than 200 musicians, including a student recital that includes a 40-piece children's choir, the City Singers, chamber music and story time with “The Magic Flute.”
The festival grew out of the time-honored tradition of already busy people thinking that this one more thing would be great fun to create, not anticipating success, and finding themselves with a hit.
“I think a lot of people only know me through Classical Revolution RVA,” Riccio says, referring to the group that is part of an international affiliation of classical musicians bringing music outside the concert hall. “I have a full-time, demanding symphony job. Everything I did through Classical Revolution [I did] through force of will.” That the Mozart event became popular, and that people flocked to it, came as a pleasant surprise.
This is Mozart's first go at Scott's Addition. Riccio is enthused to see dance incorporated into the roster, which will include not just performance, but also a class about 18th-century dance at the Turn Cardio Jam Studio. Oh, and there's yoga in the morning, too, at The Yoga Dojo, termed “Namasdeus.” She laughs. “I'm creating the playlist for the yoga.”
Musician and promoter Prabir Mehta describes Riccio: “Whatever she sets her mind to she makes happen. She's one of those rare individuals who under-promises and then over-delivers, which are great traits for a human being.” Mehta became acquainted with Classical Revolution through players in his band Goldrush. “My bandmates were super pumped about the music they were playing,” he says, “but I couldn't walk into Plan 9 and hear an opera. That world wasn't speaking to me until I met Ellen.”
Riccio wanted to put the “revolution” into the Classical Revolution, and, Mehta, with a decade of organizing promotions for music and cultural events, joined in to make the first Mozart Festival in Carytown. After a screening of “Amadeus” at The Byrd, the Mozartians adjourned to what was then Portrait House (now Citizen Burger Bar) to assess their accomplishment, which led Mehta to remark, “Next year we can do a lot more.”
“I didn't intend — I didn't think — we'd have an annual event come out of it,” Riccio says.
Now there've been five of the festivals, two in Carytown and two in Jackson Ward. Portions of Mozart's symphonies filled Babe's of Carytown, and his “Requiem” soared toward the skylights at the Candela Gallery and vibrated through the packed audience. And yours truly wore a three-cornered hat at the Art 180 Atlas Gallery and provided narration for a version of “The Magic Flute.”
Mehta has sought to balance elegance and sophistication as befits the subject while also bringing tongue-in-cheek quirkiness. “It's esthetically related. People are intrigued. It's ‘Listen, you can hear some world-class music by some of the best musicians on the East Coast in a coffee shop.' ”
The 2016 festival poster borrowed a theme from “Batman,” with a wig signal shining in a rainy nighttime Richmond sky, and this year's theme riffs on “Jurassic Park.” Here is ancient (to some) and powerful music returning to life before your very ears and eyes. This extends to activities for the family, with a paleontology musicology pit at Gather, where youngsters can search for hidden musical instrument parts: a viola tuning peg, a bass bridge, a wind reed. “Then they'll see these musicians performing using those elements,” Mehta says.
There will be a year six. Andrew McEvoy, a classical guitarist, is stepping onto the event conductor's stand. Riccio says, “He's been with us from the beginning, and he's very close to the organization, so he was willing to step into this tradition.”
After this year, Riccio can just show up at the right time and play.
For a complete schedule of this year's Mozart Festival, including lead performers and directors of the open-to-the-public events, visit the festival website.
A WOMAN in her 60s has allegedly been attacked by an American soldier in the car park of Brisbane's Enoggera Army Barracks.
The victim was dragged from her car and assaulted by the 20-year-old Marine about 3.15pm on Tuesday, police say.
Military police along with an off-duty Queensland Police officer intervened and arrested the man, with the off-duty policeman also allegedly assaulted during the scuffle.
The woman, who is understood to be an Australian public servant, sustained serious injuries and was treated in hospital before being released.
Police said the man and woman were not known to each other and it wasn't known what sparked the attack.
The Defence department says it's providing support to the woman following the assault.
The American national has been charged with multiple offences including serious assault in relation to a person over 60, assaulting police and causing wilful damage in relation to the woman's car.
He's due to face Brisbane Magistrates Court on July 18
© Thierry Roge / Global Look Press
A knife-wielding man threatening to kill passengers caused panic on a train in the Belgian capital, Brussels earlier this week, local media reported on Friday, citing officials.He was also reportedly screaming that he wanted to "finish the work started by the Nazis."The man was arrested by police when he departed the train at the Brussels-South railway station.He was carrying a 28-centimeter knife on his belt, RTL reported. There were no reports of deaths or injuries on the train as result of the incident.Belgium and other European nations have been recently gripped by a wave of stabbing attacks, carried out by radicalized individuals.In late August, a knife-wielding man was shot dead in the center of Brussels after attacking a group of soldiers, injuring two. According to reports, the Belgian authorities have opened over 189 terrorism cases since the start of 2017, with the focus on "homegrown" extremists.Belgium suffered by one of the worst terrorist attacks in Europe in recent years when suicide bombings at Brussels Airport and the city's metro killed 32 people and left scores more injured in March 2016.
These outstanding home decor layouts will rob our eyes attention and make we have to know the entire space of this home. The living room space that side by side with the family space and the kitchen space was places close with the dining room place. So, here we will see the multifunctional space for more than one purpose. That decoration was recommended for those who have small space for living. In addition, the inspiring white home interior plans were uses as the helper since this application make the home space brighter and larger. Believe or not, sometimes choosing the appropriate color paint for the interior is a must. We have to know when we apply bright paint or the dark paint for our wall decals. Look at these comfortable white bedroom applications and see that event without door applications, the private interpretation of bedroom still can be felt out here. The super comfortable thought can be getting here since the bright and lights home furnishing ideas were sparked here already. Need to know the theme of this living space series? Please welcome home design of the month; the newly plastic house designs.[via]
Originally Posted On Iroonie
New NASA research from the Cassini mission has found new excitement on one of Saturn's moons: plumes of vapor emerging from Enceladus contain large amounts of molecular hydrogen. More importantly, this hydrogen seems to be the product of hydrothermal activity in the moon's ocean…and is a strong hint that the moon has conditions favorable to microbial life.
Scott Bolton, a co-investigator for the Cassini mission and co-author on the research, explains why the trail from hydrogen could lead to life, and his hopes for future missions to ocean worlds like Enceladus and Jupiter's Europa.
LISTEN HERE
This graphic illustrates how scientists on NASA's Cassini mission think water interacts with rock at the bottom of the ocean of Saturn's icy moon Enceladus, producing hydrogen gas. Credit: NASA
Studies of the bones of dog, large cat, turkey, and other animal bones found in the Maya city of Ceibal show that, as early as 400 BCE, the Mayan elite were importing dogs from distant corners of Guatemala and raising large cats like jaguars in captivity, probably all for use in elaborate rituals at the pyramids in the center of the city.
“Animal trade helped sustain many large civilizations, such as the Romans in Europe, the Inca Empire in South America, the Mesopotamians in the Middle East, and the ancient Chinese dynasties,” said archaeologist Ashley Sharpe of the Smithsonian Tropical Research Institute, who led the study. But at Ceibal, the imported animals seem to have served purely ceremonial or political purposes, which may have played an important role in the growth of the powerful Maya state.
Captive jaguar
The work is based on discoveries at a pyramid near the ceremonial center of Ceibal, an important Maya city in what is now Guatemala (the city is also known as Seibal and El Ceibal). Archaeologists found the jawbone of a large cat—probably a jaguar—mixed in with ancient construction fill. A jawbone doesn't sound like much, but it's enough to let archaeologists reconstruct what the animal ate and where it came from. The ratio of stable carbon isotopes stored in the bone, for example, can tell researchers whether the animal or its prey ate a lot of grain or foraged on more woody plants in the forests around Ceibal, while nitrogen isotope ratios reveal the amount of protein in the animal's diet.
The Ceibal cat, it turns out, had spent most of its life eating animals that had, in turn, eaten mostly maize. According to Sharpe and her colleagues, that means it was probably raised in captivity to play a role in Maya religious ceremonies. Although it's impossible to say for sure, the cat probably wasn't a ritual sacrifice but a live participant in the ceremony.
“There is Maya art from later time periods, about 800 to 900 CE, of Maya kings holding live jaguar cubs as part of a ceremony, and occasionally jaguars are seen in art alive and in ceremonies, so I suspect the wild cat in this study was raised to be brought out in ceremonial demonstrations, similar to the live jaguar that was brought out onstage during the last Brazil Olympics, during the torch ceremony,” said Sharpe.
The cat was probably raised in the home of one of Ceibal's early social elites. Strontium isotope ratios in the jawbone match those in the local rocks and soil around Ceibal, so the cat was local, and certainly no one but the upper class could have afforded to raise a jaguar.
Radiocarbon dating indicates that the cat died around 400 BC, during what historians call the Preclassic period of Maya civilization. A new ruling class was just beginning its rise to power, but that power wouldn't coalesce into the hands of kings and a centralized state government for another 600 years. Keeping a large wild feline in captivity and then trotting it out for a religious ceremony would have been a great demonstration of power for some up-and-coming Maya noble.
Earlier studies at Teotihuacan, in central Mexico, found large cats that appeared to have been raised in captivity and then killed during rituals there. But the Ceibal bones are the first evidence for captive-reared big cats in Maya territory.
Imported dogs
Not only were the early Maya raising large wild cats in captivity, they were transporting dogs across great distances for religious ceremonies. In construction fill in two large pyramids near Ceibal's ceremonial center, archaeologists found the remains of two dogs with strontium isotope ratios that didn't match the local geology. Both had eaten mostly grain, which was unusual compared to other dogs found in less conspicuous parts of the city. It looks like the two dogs had been raised in more distant parts of Guatemala and then ended up in pyramids at Ceibal as part of a religious ritual.
As with the cat, it's hard to say whether the dogs were sacrificed or played some live role in the proceedings, but things certainly look much grimmer for the dogs. Maya art from the Classic Period (around 200 to 950 CE), depicts dogs being fattened for both ritual sacrifice and consumption, and Spanish colonizers' accounts record those activities as well. We just don't have any evidence for how these particular dogs died.
Although the dogs found in the pyramid were likely part of a ritual in some way, dogs were also a normal part of Maya society; they lived in people's houses, helped them hunt, and generally did what dogs have done for thousands of years. Their bones show up all over Maya sites in houses from all social classes.
“Modern Maya use hunting dogs and have for generations, so we believe that it is likely the [pre-Columbian] Maya had them as well,” said Sharpe. “There is one dog in our study that seems to be eating a low-corn, high-meat diet based on its carbon and nitrogen isotopes, and we suspect that may have been a hunting dog, although it is difficult to say for certain.”
Sharpe and her colleagues tested the bones of 26 dogs from around Ceibal, and only two had been raised elsewhere. Both had been fed much more grain than other dogs in the city, and both turned up in large pyramids in the city's ceremonial center. Sharpe says that's not a coincidence.
“I suspect certain dogs were more important than others, including possibly different breeds,” said Sharpe. “These two were probably ‘special' because they came from so far away and might have been gifts or belonged to someone important who traveled across Guatemala.”
One of the dogs came from Guatemala's volcanic highlands and the other from the foothills of central Guatemala, according to the strontium isotope data. Their presence at Ceibal mirrors what we know of ancient Maya trade routes, which were already active during the Preclassic period.
“Since obsidian blades were imported to Ceibal from the highlands via the foothills during the Preclassic period, these dogs may have been exchanged along that trade network, either as gifts or as pets belonging to humans travelling on this route,” wrote Sharpe and her colleagues.
The two dogs at Ceibal provide the earliest evidence so far of live-animal trading in the Americas.
“This study shows that dogs were being transported over 100 miles across Guatemala as far back as 400 BC, which means that animals were moving across the landscape with their human owners a lot more frequently than we originally believed,” said Sharpe.
Garden hunting
The Maya seem to have taken longer to domesticate animals for more mundane purposes. The first grain-fed turkeys don't show up in the archaeological record until after 200 CE, during the Classic Period, when turkey domestication seems to have spread south from Mexico into Maya lands. In the meantime, many lower- and middle-class households in Ceibal probably survived in part by hunting animals, like peccaries and deer, that came to forage in their grain fields.
Most other animals found at Ceibal, including deer, peccaries, and a possum, appear to have diets indicating they were from the forests around the city. Two of the peccaries showed signs of diets rich in grain, but they may have spent their lives foraging in the grain fields around Ceibal rather than being fed in captivity.
Sharpe says there are still plenty of questions to answer about how the ancient Maya were trading and using captive animals.
“I'm very interested to expand this study to more animals at other sites, as well as in the highland area of Guatemala, in order to get a sense of where animals were traded (and not) and how extensive the network was,” said Sharpe.
PNAS, 2017. DOI: 10.1073/pnas.1713880115 (About DOIs).
Target Corp., seeking to get more competitive against Amazon and other retailers hastening deliveries times, has agreed to acquire Grand Junction, a three-year-old transportation technology company.
Target said Grand Junction would improve and expand its delivery capabilities and accelerate ongoing efforts to transform its supply chain.
NEW YORK (AP) - Steep drops in technology, industrial stocks pull Dow Jones industrial average down 600 points.
Advocates of stricter gun regulations in the U.S. frequently point to Australia, which reacted the the mass murder of 35 people in 1996 by banning all automatic and semiautomatic firearms, buying back guns, and requiring those firearms that remained to be registered and stored safely. Tim Fischer, the conservative former deputy prime minister who pushed through the law with Prime Minister John Howard, told Vox on Thursday that "it was very hard work persuading people to surrender their guns," but he made his case publicly, "the Australian people chose to step back from laissez-faire dysfunctionality, which now exists in the USA," and "the results speak for themselves."
Early Friday, conservative Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull posted a video touting his government's efforts to bolster Howard and Fischer's gun legacy, noting that since he took office, the gun amnesty has taken 51,000 guns "off the streets" and "out of harm's way, so they can't be used in a crime."
We've taken 50,000+ guns off the streets, continuing the Howard legacy of gun control laws. We're committed to keeping Australians safe. pic.twitter.com/wWnHzSusrL — Malcolm Turnbull (@TurnbullMalcolm) October 6, 2017
Turnbull — who got off to a famously rocky start with President Trump — did not mention America or tag Trump, but he did share his video on Trump's favorite social medium, five days after a gunman shot dead at least 58 people in Las Vegas. Trump — whom the NRA spent more than $30 million to help elect — has shrugged off talk of new gun regulations in the wake of Sunday's deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history. Since 1996, Australia has had zero mass shootings, defined as more than four people shot dead. Peter Weber
Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Leon Legge produced a captain's performance as Cambridge United claimed a massive three points by beating Exeter City 1-0.
The centre-back headed in a first-half winner as Shaun Derry's men got the better of one of their play-off rivals to move to within a single point of the Sky Bet League Two play-off places.
Legge was immense at the heart of the U's defence, while goalkeeper Will Norris also pulled off some crucial saves at the Cambs Glass Stadium.
There were two changes to the U's line-up that started Good Friday's 2-1 defeat away to Grimsby, with both coming in attacking areas.
Piero Mingoia was back after a four-game absence with a groin problem and Medy Elito was also handed a berth in midfield, with George Maris and Harrison Dunk dropping to the bench.
Exeter made the better start, moving the ball around nicely in midfield and getting the ball up to the strikers accurately.
They probably should have taken the lead when the ball fell nicely to Joel Grant 10 yards out, but he skied his shot way over the bar.
At the other end, Uche Ikpeazu was a willing runner as he attempted to force his way through the visiting defence, while Mingoia sent over some teasing crosses which had to be dealt with.
An increase in the tempo helped United get higher up the pitch as Luke Berry saw more of the ball and looked to pull the strings. Jake Carroll and Medy Elito also showed good attacking intent on the left flank, with the former creating a headed chance for Ikpeazu thanks to an inviting centre.
Berry was really enjoying himself with a real box-to-box display and, after shooting narrowly wide from a free kick, he won a 29th-minute set piece which Mingoia swung in for Legge to head home from close range.
The Grecians needed a response and they began to ask more questions by popping the ball about once more, but the United defence, led by captain Legge, did not give an inch.
Their energy and desire was summed up nicely by a powerful burst from Conor Newton, which led to Ikpeazu going close, and Berry also stepped on the gas before finding the roof of the net.
The ball seemed to be like a magnet to Legge when the ball came in the U's box, and when it did elude him Norris pulled off a vital save to thwart Grant.
As half time approached the U's needed to defend well to preserve their lead, and they did breathe a little sigh of relief as an Exeter penalty appeal for a challenge by Greg Taylor on Reuben Reid fell on deaf ears.
Exeter boss Paul Tisdale made a tactical change at the break, replacing defender Troy Archibald-Henville with forward David Wheeler and switching to a 3-5-2.
But it was the U's midfielders who saw more of the ball at the start of the second period, with Elito teeing up Berry to head wide and Newton getting absolutely everywhere.
With the sun shining, the hosts looked to turn up the heat further – Elito went on a series of dribbles, Ikpeazu tested Christy Pym and the maruading Brad Halliday earned a standing ovation for a lung-busting run that turned defence into attack and ultimately forced a corner.
There was a real ebb and flow as the visitors looked to find a leveller, and Greg Taylor and Legge were required to produce some calm defending to clear their lines under pressure.
It really was pulsating stuff as both teams attacked with real purpose – the U's not settling for 1-0 and the Grecians determined to get back into it.
Substitute David Wheeler must have thought he had made it all square 11 minutes from time, but Norris proudced the goods again to pull off a fine reflex save from point-blank range.
To emphasise the fact the U's were not resting on their laurels, Derry replaced holding midfielder Liam O'Neil with forward Adam McGurk with his third and final substitution.
With time ticking away and the Amber Army in fine voice, the United players kept snapping away, making their tackles and winning their headers, while Norris showed real authority to claim a couple of hanging crosses.
And the home fans celebrated when Exeter's last chance evaporated as Lee Holmes sent a corner straight out of play, before the volume was cranked up again and Coconuts was played at the final whistle.
SOUTHAMPTON -
Twinning the Southampton Town Hall and Southampton Library could create a community hub to better serve the town, according to Duncan McCallum, Chair of Town Hall ad hoc committee investigating the future of the building which also includes the Southampton Art Society, Bruce County Playhouse and tourist services.
Noting the two buildings already share a heating/cooling system, Duncan told Saugeen Shores councillors at their April 10 meeting that twinning the buildings would allow for shared amenities such as an atrium, washrooms, and reception area.
The ad hoc committee was established last year to provide recommendations to Town Council on long-term structure revitalization and sustainability of the Town Hall, maintaining and improving its use, and identifying aesthetic and functional upgrades to the town-owned lands and buildings at the Albert and High Streets intersection.
In his update, McCallum called thee Town Hall an “iconic” structure built in 1910-11 that has served many community uses and is a historically-protected landmark worthy of preservation.
Armed with three previous Town studies on the future of the buildings, McCallum said the committee visited other old town halls in Ontario and found they can regain new life as a community hub and cultural centre.
“One of the common elements of restoration is to make the facility a mix of old glory restoration and new wave architecture and amenities,” McCallum said, pointing to the Port Elgin library and bruce County Museum & Cultural centre for examples of successfully marrying the old with the new.
McCallum said they also studied management models, including a Town-run facility and one run by an advisory board, or a hybrid of both.
McCallum said both buildings requires accessibility upgrades and roof and heating/cooling system improvements, and the current library does not meet provincial space rules, allowing staff to apply for grants.
“It is definitely not a library of the future – it is a library of the past,” McCallum said, adding the Southampton facility tops Bruce County's list of libraries that need work. The County is responsible for library operational costs, but the town is the Town's responsibility for the building's upkeep.
Looking to the future, McCallum said work proposed this year on the Town Hall includes external masonry reports, improving access to the bell tower, upgrades to the stage and dressing rom floors, and completing the twinning study.
“It is an exciting prospect how the two buildings might come together,” McCallum said, adding when it comes to the 70-year-old library, “it may be better to demolish it than to add an addition onto the back of it...” he said, adding they need to add square footage to the building to provide for a building of the future.
McCallum said both buildings have structural and accessibility issues, and both buildings have the possibility of expanded uses that would foster relations between residents, visitors, community groups, businesses, the Chamber of Commerce and the Town of Saugeen Shores.
Coun. Don Matheson congratulated the ad hoc committee for its work, and predicted a twinned building would “be the focus of Southampton...”
Deputy Mayor Luke Charbonneau was “intrigued” and wants to hear more about various management approaches, including the concept of having a Town-owned and operated facility with an advisory and fundraising board.
Duncan said as they wait for the twinning feasibility study to be conducted, the committee continues to look at a public engagement and fundraising plans.
The Town's request for proposals for a twinning feasibility study closes April 25, and a consultant's report, which includes mandatory public engagement, is due in August.
PRESS RELEASE Putin Disdains to Respond to Obama Provocation Dec. 30, 2016 (EIRNS)—Russia is looking forward to a new administration in the United States, and wishes a Happy New Year to all Americans, even to President Obama and his family, whether the latter wants them or not, Russian President Vladimir Putin responded on Friday afternoon (Moscow time). He had duly considered proposals submitted by his Foreign Ministry for retaliatory diplomatic expulsions and closures in response to Barack Obama's order to expel 35 Russian diplomats, and other wild measures, taken on the pretext of alleged Russian hacking of the U.S. elections. No expulsions, no retaliation. Putin's message was simple, and statesman-like: Obama will be gone soon, and Russia and the United States can then go about rebuilding proper relations. His statement follows in full: "We regard the recent unfriendly steps taken by the outgoing US administration as provocative and aimed at further weakening the Russia-US relationship. This runs contrary to the fundamental interests of both the Russian and American people. Considering the global security responsibilities of Russia and the United States, this is also damaging to international relations as a whole. "As it proceeds from international practice, Russia has reasons to respond in kind. Although we have the right to retaliate, we will not resort to irresponsible ‘kitchen' diplomacy but will plan our further steps to restore Russian-US relations based on the policies of the Trump Administration. "The diplomats who are returning to Russia will spend the New Years holiday's with their families and friends. We will not create any problems for US diplomats. We will not expel anyone. We will not prevent their families and children from using their traditional leisure sites during the New Year's holidays. Moreover, I invite all children of US diplomats accredited in Russia to the New Year and Christmas children's parties in the Kremlin. "It is regrettable that the Obama Administration is ending its term in this manner. Nevertheless, I offer my New Year greetings to President Obama and his family. "My season's greetings also to President-elect Donald Trump and the American people. "I wish all of you happiness and prosperity."
After getting a larger share in the Indian mobile phone market, Chinese smartphone and electronics company, Xiaomi is likely to assemble television sets in India from the next quarter in partnership with Foxconn, ET reported.
According to the report, the company is in advanced talks with Foxconn for assembling TV sets in the country from July. However, the company has no plans to reduce television prices because they are selling it at low margins.
A person aware of the matter tipped ET: "Xiaomi's target is to become the largest online television brand before it expands into multi-brand stores. Local manufacturing will not only provide some relief in taxes, which will boost its margins, but it will also help them to control the supply chain and ensure more availability of televisions."
Meanwhile, Xiaomi's India spokesperson also said that the company is open to setting up manufacturing of TVs in the country.
To recall, the firm has launched it's much awaited 55-inch Mi TV 4, a Smart LED TV in February this year at Rs 39,999 on e-commerce platform Flipkart.
The 55-inch TV from Xiaomi runs Android-based Patchwall UI and features dual-speaker set-up boasting Dolby and DTS audio for a truly cinematic experience.
The Smart TV comes with three HDMI ports (including 1 ARC port), and two USB ports (3.0+2.0), along with Dual-Band Wi-Fi, and Bluetooth 4.0 to connect wireless headphones or other Bluetooth devices. It supports dual-speaker set-up boasting Dolby and DTS audio for a cinematic experience.
The company has partnered with players like Hungama, Voot, ALT Balaji, Zee5 and Sony LIV along others to bring in over 500,000 hours of content to watch, across the largest library of Video-On-Demand providers, with over 80 percent free content. There's also support for 13 system languages including 12 Indian languages.
On Thursday, April 27, 2017, Fairfield County Bank along with the Ridgefield Library will be sponsoring a First-Time Homebuyer Seminar. The event is being held at the library from 6:30 p.m. to 8:00 p.m.
By attending the event, first-time homebuyers will learn about the homebuying process beginning with how to apply for a mortgage all the way through to closing. Joseph Chelednik, a Certified Mortgage Planning Specialist at Fairfield County Bank, will start the night presenting the mortgage process.
Following Joseph, Kyle Neumann, from Neumann Real Estate, will be discussing the role of the real estate agent. Attorney George M. Cohan of Hastings, Cohan & Walsh LLP, will speak on the role of an attorney during the home-buying process while Stephen Roberts, of Bedrock Credit and Restoration, will cover credit education and restoration.
Ridgefield Library is located at 472 Main Street, Ridgefield, CT. You may R.S.V.P to this event by calling Linda Lubinsky at (203) 431-7356. Walk-ins are also welcome.
Spanish stocks - Factors to watch on Thursday
The following Spanish stocks may be affected by newspaper reports and other factors on Thursday. Reuters has not verified the newspaper reports, and cannot vouch for their accuracy:
PITTSBURGH (AP) - A company that processes and transports natural gas and natural gas liquids in Ohio's and Pennsylvania's shale fields is agreeing to pay $610,000 to settle complaints by Pennsylvania and the federal government that it was violating air pollution laws.
A consent decree filed Tuesday in Pittsburgh's federal court also obligates two subsidiaries of Ohio-based MPLX to install equipment to reduce emissions of smog-forming pollutants at compressor stations and pipeline maintenance points in eastern Ohio and western Pennsylvania.
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and Pennsylvania brought the complaints against the MPLX subsidiaries.
The companies were accused of building or operating compressor stations and maintenance points without appropriate permits and without keeping emissions records. EPA officials say the companies will upgrade more than 300 facilities in western Pennsylvania and eastern Ohio.
Trump call for unity among Americans in his State of the Union address last night met with alarm from minorities
Trump call for unity among Americans in his State of the Union address last night met with alarm from minorities
Rose McGowan says it's time for Harvey Weinstein to drop his story about a "consensual" relationship
Rose McGowan says it's time for Harvey Weinstein to drop his story about a "consensual" relationship
A law enforcement official says there's no indication a man identified in court documents as a "person of interest" after the Las Vegas massacre committed a federal crime or had any involvement or knowledge of the mass shooting.
A law enforcement official says there's no indication a man identified in court documents as a "person of interest" after the Las Vegas massacre committed a federal crime or had any involvement or knowledge of the mass shooting.
Nearly 30 more women and girls have confronted disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom as he awaits another sentencing for sexual assaults under the guise of medical treatment
Nearly 30 more women and girls have confronted disgraced former sports doctor Larry Nassar in a Michigan courtroom as he awaits another sentencing for sexual assaults under the guise of medical treatment
Fans attending the Super Bowl in Minneapolis will have the chance to go through security screening off-site, and out of the elements
Fans attending the Super Bowl in Minneapolis will have the chance to go through security screening off-site, and out of the elements
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. on why comedians are the "white blood cells of a sickened democracy"
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. on why comedians are the "white blood cells of a sickened democracy"
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. on joking around in the era of Trump
Comedian Roy Wood Jr. on joking around in the era of Trump
Los Angeles police say middle school shooting that critically injured a boy was accidental; 12-year-old girl booked for negligent discharge of a firearm.
Los Angeles police say middle school shooting that critically injured a boy was accidental; 12-year-old girl booked for negligent discharge of a firearm.
The former Hawaii state employee who sent the alert that mistakenly warned of an incoming missile says he's devastated for causing panic, but was "100 percent sure" it was a real attack.
The former Hawaii state employee who sent the alert that mistakenly warned of an incoming missile says he's devastated for causing panic, but was "100 percent sure" it was a real attack.
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history said his customer didn't raise suspicions that he planned to commit any crimes.
An Arizona man who sold ammunition to the gunman in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history said his customer didn't raise suspicions that he planned to commit any crimes.
A father of three victims of Larry Nassar has tried to attack the disgraced former sports doctor during a court hearing in Michigan.
A father of three victims of Larry Nassar has tried to attack the disgraced former sports doctor during a court hearing in Michigan.
The Latest: Dad who lunged at Nassar says he's 'no hero'
The Latest: Dad who lunged at Nassar says he's 'no hero'
The mystery of the death of acclaimed actress Natalie Wood has endured nearly four decades.
The mystery of the death of acclaimed actress Natalie Wood has endured nearly four decades.
Disgraced gymnastics doctor Larry Nassar to hear from more victims who say he molested them when third and final sentencing hear resumes.
Disgraced gymnastics doctor Larry Nassar to hear from more victims who say he molested them when third and final sentencing hear resumes.
North Dakota judge will decide whether woman who admitted killing pregnant neighbor so she and her boyfriend could keep the baby should get a sentence other than life in prison without parole.
North Dakota judge will decide whether woman who admitted killing pregnant neighbor so she and her boyfriend could keep the baby should get a sentence other than life in prison without parole.
Calls for change are growing in state capitols across the country after continued allegations of sexual misconduct by lawmakers.
Calls for change are growing in state capitols across the country after continued allegations of sexual misconduct by lawmakers.
By MICHELLE L. PRICE and LINDSAY WHITEHURST
Associated Press
SALT LAKE CITY (AP) - Utah billionaire and philanthropist Jon Huntsman Sr., who overcame poverty to become one of the state's most successful and powerful people, died Friday at age 80.
Huntsman's longtime assistant Pam Bailey said he died in Salt Lake City but she declined to name a cause of death. The Huntsman Corp., which he founded, said in a statement that Huntsman died at his home, surrounded by family.
Huntsman was the founder and longtime executive chairman of the $11 billion company that refines raw materials that go into thousands of products. He was also the father of Jon Huntsman Jr., the U.S. ambassador to Russia and former Utah governor, presidential candidate and ambassador to China and Singapore.
The elder Huntsman and his family have given away more than $1.4 billion, including donations to a Salt Lake City cancer institute that bears his name.
"Cancer is hideous and deplorable and must be conquered, and it will be, as any evil eventually is defeated," Huntsman wrote in his 2014 autobiography. He said he would see to it that the institute continues its mission "if it takes my last dollar--and I expect that will be the case."
In 1970, Huntsman founded the Huntsman Container Corp., which focused on food packaging and pioneered the clamshell container used for McDonald's Corp.'s Big Mac hamburger. He formed Huntsman Chemical Corp. in 1982 and more than a decade later, consolidated his companies as Huntsman Corp., producing materials used in a wide range of products, from textiles and paints to plastics and aviation components.
Huntsman stepped down from his role in December and his son Peter Huntsman took over as the company's leader. His father continued to serve on the company's board of director and was named chairman emeritus.
"He leaves behind a great company, but even more so, a legacy of optimism, ethical behavior and philanthropy that will serve as his greatest accomplishments," Peter Huntsman said in a statement.
After amassing his fortune, Jon Huntsman gave more than $100 million in the mid-1990s to establish a research center at the University of Utah dedicated to finding a cure for cancer through human genetics. Huntsman, who lost both his parents to cancer and fought his own battle with the disease, eventually gave more than $400 million to the Huntsman Cancer Institute and its foundation.
He also wielded his power as a billionaire benefactor to the center. After the cancer institute's director and CEO was fired in April 2017, Huntsman mounted a public campaign criticizing leaders of the university and took out full-age newspaper advertisements calling the officials "inept and uncaring." The director and CEO was reinstated a week after her firing and the school's health care leader and president stepped down.
The billionaire and his family also gave generously to Utah's homeless shelters as well as more than $50 million to the Armenian people after a 1988 earthquake in that country left thousands homeless.
He also played key roles in state and national politics.
Huntsman was a special assistant to President Richard Nixon and briefly ran his own 1988 campaign for Utah's governor.
Huntsman later served as a finance chairman for Mitt Romney's 2008 presidential bid and in 2012, worked for his son's presidential bid, giving more than $1.8 billion to a super PAC supporting the younger Huntsman.
Following his son's short-lived race for the Republican nomination, Huntsman kept a toehold in Utah current affairs, occasionally offering political commentary to Utah newspapers and even expressing an interest in purchasing The Salt Lake Tribune.
His son Paul Huntsman purchased the newspaper in 2016 and named his father chairman emeritus.
In the 1980s, Huntsman explored purchasing the Tribune's competitor, the Mormon-church owned Deseret News. He met with high-level leaders with The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints but faith leaders did not want to pursue the offer, Huntsman wrote in his autobiography.
A committed member of the Mormon church, Huntsman served in several high-level leadership positions with the faith and had close friendships with the past five church presidents.
The First Presidency of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints said in a statement that his "legacy of faithful leadership, generosity and goodness" would be a beacon for many around the world.
Huntsman said the family was exposed to the dark side of wealth and fame in 1987, when his then-16-year-old son James Huntsman was kidnapped at knifepoint from his driveway. The teenager was forced to call his father to arrange payment of $1 million ransom. He was later rescued by FBI agents.
Huntsman was born in 1937 in Blackfoot, Idaho and later moved to California, where he met his wife Karen while in junior high there.
The couple later moved to Salt Lake City in the 1970s where they raised nine children, many of whom became involved in the family business.
Huntsman is survived by his wife and eight children. One daughter, Kathleen Ann Huntsman, died in 2010 at age 44 after struggling for years with an eating disorder.
Bailey had no immediate details on funeral plans Friday.
___
This story has been updated to correct the current value of the Huntsman Corp. It is $11 billion, not $13 billion.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Barack Obama is back at the White House after his last presidential vacation. He returned to Washington today from Hawaii with less than three weeks left.
His final days will largely be taken up by an effort to protect his endangered health care law. And he's planning a major farewell speech.
In an email to supporters Monday, Obama says his speech next week follows a tradition set in 1796 when the first president, George Washington, spoke to the American people for the last time in office. The speech will take place at McCormick Place, a giant convention center in Obama's hometown of Chicago.
Obama says it's “a chance to say thank you for this amazing journey.” He also tells supporters it's an opportunity “to celebrate the ways you've changed this country for the better these past eight years, and to offer some thoughts on where we all go from here.”
The White House says Obama is also planning last-minute commutations and pardons. That's in line with his second-term effort to cut sentences for inmates given harsh sentences for drug crimes.
As Donald Trump and Republicans vow to gut the Affordable Care Act, Democrats are working to devise a strategy to protect the law by exploiting GOP divisions about how to replace it.
Couture week has a way of taking sartorial experimentation outside fashion shows to a chicer level. The most storied maisons debut collections that prioritize art above commerce, and street style stars do the same, playing with color and mixing current trends with decadent accessories and daytime gowns. In 2018, streetwear is making its mark on couture with plenty of high-low aesthetics, including logomania and ugly sneakers paired with flowing skirts. Click through for the most stylish photos the season.
4th July fireworks. Fireworks display on dark sky background.
AlekZotoff, Getty Images/iStockphoto
Oh America. We're shaking our collective heads over here.
The Fourth of July is a pretty significant national holiday. It is, after all, the day we celebrate the anniversary of the adoption of the Declaration of IndepenDENCE.
Note the bold and capitalized text. It is by design.
Because Twitter is apparently paying homage to a day set aside for ... dancing???
Independance Day — not Independence Day — was a popular trend on Twitter on Wednesday morning.
Even the U.S. Air Force, the city of Boston and the New Jersey government used the incorrect spelling in their hashtags.
They weren't the only ones. It even got first lady Melania Trump, who originally tweeted "Happy #IndependanceDay May God bless this great nation & all the people who protect it!"
Happy #IndependanceDay
May God bless this great nation & all the people who protect it! 🇺🇸 — Melania Trump (@FLOTUS) July 4, 2018
Eight minutes later, the tweet was removed and replaced with #independenceday, spelled properly.
Happy #IndependenceDay
May God bless this great nation & all the people who protect it! 🇺🇸 — Melania Trump (@FLOTUS) July 4, 2018
More: How to photograph the July 4th fireworks on your smartphone
More: Drones replace July 4th fireworks in western towns worried about wildfires. But where's the 'boom'?
Luckily, grammar sticklers have pointed out the mistake on many posts using the incorrect spelling.
Oh, America, you've actually successfully gotten #IndependanceDay trending and nobody in the thread is noticing that "independence" IS SPELLED WRONG.
🤦‍♂️ — James Michael Sama (@JamesMSama) July 4, 2018
But still, the misspelling was everywhere — even on posts that are otherwise thoughtful and serious.
Permit me to repost this stunning Alexander Hamilton quote on #IndependanceDay. If you haven't seen it, you won't believe it.#HappyFourthOfJuly pic.twitter.com/wwQZBRGqMb — Peter Daou (@peterdaou) July 4, 2018
“We can't all be heroes. Some of us have to stand on the curb and clap as they go by.” Will Rogers#GodBlessAmerica#IndependanceDay #HappyFourthOfJuly — Janie Johnson (@jjauthor) July 4, 2018
1⃣7⃣Drivers from 🇺🇸 last June
Happy #IndependanceDay to all of them ! https://t.co/9d9eSwGBs6 — 24 Hours of Le Mans (@24hoursoflemans) July 4, 2018
Happy #IndependanceDay my American followers.
Have a good one👍 pic.twitter.com/URUZYxyQ4X — Michael James (Mick The Atheist) (@MickAtheist) July 4, 2018
Happy Brexit 1776 to all my American friends #IndependanceDay🇺🇸 — Scott Dodsworth (@ScottDodsworth) July 4, 2018
Happy 4th! Just a reminder that immigrants are awesome. Here's one of my favorite imports. #IndependanceDay pic.twitter.com/sPVXs9b9dh — Amye Archer (@AmyeArcher) July 4, 2018
Happy #IndependanceDay!
Jack has his bow tie and top hat on and is ready to party.
13/10 would give many head pats pic.twitter.com/myjpyQA3Ry — Caleb Hull (@CalebJHull) July 4, 2018
“My dream is of a place and a time where America will once again be seen as the last best hope of earth.” Lincoln #IndependanceDay — Nicholas Burns (@RNicholasBurns) July 4, 2018
From our entire team, have a wonderful and safe Independence Day!
Today, we're thankful for the brave men and women who've served. Your sacrifice ensures that we get to celebrate the freedoms we have in America today.
Thank you!#IndependanceDay#MNGov pic.twitter.com/cBo2p4OlcY — Jeff Johnson (@MNJeffJohnson) July 4, 2018
Take time to use spellcheck today, fellow Americans. Or maybe stick with "Happy 4th of July."
Follow Andrew Clark on Twitter @Clarky_Tweets
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
You might not have realised it but there is a alright way and a wrong way to pronounce the popular high street store.
The discount clothing retailer has even added the answer to its ‘help' section on its website to straighten the matter out.
Who knew a seven-letter word could cause so much drama?
So it turns out the official way of pronouncing Primark is Pry-mark.
The clarification was apparently needed because too many people were saying Pree-mark and this just isn't right at all.
We won't even get into the official nicknames - we are going with Primarni on that one.
So there you go. Every day is a school day.
Spin Cycle News, views and commentary on Long Island, state and national politics.
ALBANY — The process for filling the vacancy on New York's highest court got underway Monday following the death of Judge Sheila Abdus-Salaam.
The Commission on Judicial Nomination, the screening committee for filling posts on the state Court of Appeals, announced it would accept applications through May 19. The commission, per state law, reviews and interviews candidates, then submits up to seven potential nominees to the governor, who selects one.
advertisement | advertise on newsday
The commission said it intended to present Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo with a field of candidates no later than Aug. 15.
Abdus-Salaam, 65, a pioneering judge who became the first black woman to serve on the Court of Appeals, was found dead in the Hudson River last week in what police are calling an apparent suicide. Investigators have said there were no signs of foul play.
After a lengthy career, Abdus-Salaam had reached the top of New York's legal system when Cuomo appointed her to the Court of Appeals in 2013. In a statement after her death, the governor called her a “trailblazing jurist whose life in public service was in pursuit of a more fair and more just New York for all.”
CHANNAHON – Bernadette M. Davidson, 71, of Channahon passed away Saturday, September 30, 2017 at the Joliet Area Community Hospice Home in Joliet. A Mass of Christian Burial will be celebrated today, Wednesday, October 4, at 10 a.m. in St. Lawrence Catholic Church, South Wilmington. Father Stanley Drewniak will officiate. Interment will follow in Braceville – Gardner Cemetery, Braceville. Visitation was Tuesday at the R.W. Patterson Funeral Home from 4 until 7 p.m. Bernadette was born July 13, 1946 in Joliet, daughter of Dr. Carmen and Ann Marie Riffel Scudieri. She had a great love for animals and was known to rescue them. She loved gardening, yard work, antiquing, and especially loved her family. Surviving are her husband, James Davidson, to whom she was married February 3, 1968 in Joliet; two sons: James W. (Stacy) Davidson III of Antioch; and John Carl Davidson of Casa Grande, Arizona; and four grandchildren: Travis Slywka, Tyler Davidson, Leahana Davidson, and Jack Davidson. Preceding her in death were parents; one brother, Jon Scudieri; and one sister, Carmen Landry. In lieu of flowers, memorial gifts in her name may be directed to the Crossroads Shih Tzu Rescue Origination. For more information and to visit her online guestbook, log on to www.rwpattersonfuneralhome.com
Jodhpur: Security was stepped up on Tuesday in Jodhpur ahead of Wednesday's trial court verdict in the alleged rape of a teenager by self-styled 'godman' Asaram.
Following is the timeline of the case:
- Asaram is accused of raping a teenage girl from Shahajahanpur in Uttar Pradesh, who was studying at his ashram at Chhindwara in Madhya Pradesh.
- He has denied the rape charges.
- The victim has alleged that Asaram called her to his ashram in Manai area near Jodhpur and raped her on the night of August 15, 2013.
- Asaram was arrested in Indore and brought to Jodhpur on September 1, 2013.
- He is in judicial custody since September 2, 2013.
- The chargesheet against Asaram and four other co-accused Shiva, Shilpi, Sharad and Prakash were filed by the police on November 6, 2013, under various sections of the POSCO Act, Juvenile Justice Act and IPC.
- Final arguments in the Asaram case had been completed by the special court for SC/ST cases on April 7, 2018.
- The court had kept the order reserved for April 25.
- Asaram is also facing a rape case in Surat in Gujarat in which the Supreme Court in April 2018 gave five weeks time to the prosecution to complete the trial.
- Asaram unsuccessfully moved 12 bail applications, of which six were rejected by the trial court, three by the Rajasthan High Court and three by the apex court.
Madeline Miller
SENIOR REPORTER
The world of chronic pain is far beyond the reach of most people's imaginations. The idea of spending most, if not all, of the time with some level of discomfort is not something to which everyone can relate. It is the cursed few that suffer pain in ways lucky people can only hope to avoid experiencing.
The reality is that chronic pain patients have always suffered tragically high suicide rates due to constant suffering and comorbid mental disorders directly related to physical illnesses, and those rates are poised to make a jump with the recent crackdown on opioid prescriptions. There is something that can still help: marijuana.
Opponents of opioids fail to recognize the difference between addiction and dependence. Chronic pain patients are often dependent on opioids to be able to perform basic daily functions. Opioids have allowed patients to live not without pain, but with significant more physical and mental ability. They have allowed patients to live alone.
While they perform a vital function, opioids also come with a heavy price tag. Embarrassing, dangerous and debilitating side effects cause more frustration for chronic pain patients. Medical cannabis has none of these side effects, and CBD, the chemical found in marijuana that has medicinal benefits, can often relieve pain better than the strongest opioids available.
CBD has been known to calm seizures, provide instant and effective pain relief and sometimes benefit mental health. All without the serious side effects of opioids that have led to the recent crackdown.
Despite this, marijuana remains classed as a Schedule I drug by the Drug Enforcement administration, which is supposed to be for drugs at a high risk for abuse with no recognized medical benefits. Marijuana, a non-fatal drug with a growing list of possible uses in the medical world, is more tightly controlled and feared by the U.S. government than fentanyl, a highly lethal drug that has been killing heroin users and putting first responders in danger nationwide.
Marijuana, if utilized correctly, has the potential to almost completely eradicate the need for opioids at all, and yet it is kept out of the hands of those who could use it most by those who have the most to gain from keeping it illegal.
The prohibition of marijuana directly benefits those profiting off the so-called drug war, including drug cartels that make fortunes transporting illegal goods over national borders. Legalizing marijuana pulls the cartels' legs out from under them and leaves them scrambling.
It would also allow the purchasing and sale of a useful commodity to be done safely and securely. Victims of scams and violence would not need to fear incriminating themselves by reporting dangerous behavior to police.
Legalization and decriminalization bring disenfranchised people out of the dark, criminal underbelly and into the safety of public awareness.
Legalizing medical marijuana, specifically CBD, has the potential to end the opioid crisis and give relief to suffering patients everywhere. It should not be kept out of reach by a misguided, uninformed, outdated government.
(WTNH) — President Joe Bertolino of Southern Connecticut State University talks about how to handle controversial speakers on college campuses.
There have been numerous disturbances on college campuses across the country involving controversial speakers, including one recently on the Uconn Campus.
SCSU President Joe Bertalino wants his university to be a leader among colleges and universities for social justice through the means of respect, dignity, compassion, kindness and civility.
Joe believes speakers of all political positions, even controversial speakers, should be allowed to speak at a college podium in order to broaden the conversation on an issue.
Universities have a responsibility to foster and encourage conversation instead of silencing its students, Joe says. The answer to less hate speech isn't less speech, but more speech.
Joe believes protesting and speaking up during a speech if a student disagrees with the speaker's views is acceptable, as long as it is done with respect.
© AP Photo/ Richard Drew US Federal Reserve Keeps Interest Rate at 0.75-1% Range
–
WASHINGTON (Sputnik)The United States' benchmark interest rate will increase by 25 basis points to a range of 1 percent to 1.25 percent, now that the nation's labor market and inflation have reached expected levels, the US Federal Reserve's policy-setting Federal Open Market Committee (FOMC) said in a statement on Wednesday.
"In view of realized and expected labor market conditions and inflation, the Committee decided to raise the target range for the federal funds rate to 1 to 1-1/4 percent," the statement said.
Art courses fixed at three units for transfer degree
Filed under Campus Beat
Hang on for a minute...we're trying to find some more stories you might like.
Close
Email This Story
Send Email Cancel
To be in compliance with California's associate of art degree (AA) requirements, all art courses will be set at three units, by the fall 2017 semester, Liberal Arts Division Dean Jason Berner said.
The College Instruction Committee, a faculty-run committee that makes final decisions about curriculum, approved course revisions during the spring and fall 2016 semesters to implement the changes in art courses.
Currently, Contra Costa College students can choose to enroll in one to four units in different art courses, but once the change is implemented, the standard will be three units, Berner said.
“We changed it to fixed units, so the courses are now fixed at three units. We need to have all of our classes the same way the state requires them to be,” he said.
The classes used to be “variable” units, so students could register for a different number of units depending on how much work they wanted to do, Berner said.
“It ensures that we are in compliance with the (AA) transfer degree. It doesn't really affect anyone who would want to go for the degree.”
He said those people would have had to take it for three units already and it doesn't impact them.
Students who transfer out of community college with an AAT degree have a guaranteed spot at many campuses in the CSU system.
The requirements include completing 60 semester units, (or 90 quarter units) including fulfilling general education — Intersegmental General Education Transfer Curriculum (IGETC), completing at least 18 units in a major or area and earning at least a 2.0 GPA in all CSU transferable coursework.
Art professor Anthony Gordon said the unit change has impacted the degree for the better.
“There were issues with repeatability,” he said.
Part-time professor Jianun Lu, who teaches Art 095, said students taking art courses need studio time in order to work on their projects.
“For sculpture and ceramics, students need more time to practice. It takes 20 minutes just to set up,” Lu said. “Students have to put the clay on the table. Then there is one hour for lecture and they also have to clean the studio.”
He said students need the studio to work on their digital art, clay and painting projects and having less time restricts their craft.
Lu said one of the options art students may seek is enrolling in Diablo Valley College's art courses.
“Art students get more for their cost at DVC,” he said. “An art student told me, ‘I go to DVC. I need time'.”
CCC art student Pukar Khadka said, “It's a good thing being able to choose how much work you want to put into an art class. You can choose how dedicated you want to be.”
But he said it seemed like enrolling in an art course that has many choices creates more work for the student.
Gordon said there are various levels of skill in one art class.
As of this semester, Gordon said his art classes are “really robust,” seating up to 40 students in his Art Appreciation class, a general education requirement course any student can take even if art is not their major.
Berner said a couple of basic introductory courses were added and will be offered starting fall 2017.
These courses were designed to meet the requirements of the transfer degree, statewide.
“We are excited and I hope this encourages students to pursue the transfer degree.
“I think it's a really good opportunity for students who are interested in art to have a rewarding experience at CCC,” he said.
Hungary, under Prime Minister Viktor Orban, has become the bete noir of the American and European intellectual left. Its “illiberal democracy” (Orban is in office because two-thirds of Hungary's electorate backed him) is the logical extension, they say, of the dangerous right-wing populism of Donald Trump, the Brexit movement, and so forth.
“Populist” though it may be, Orban's Hungary is arguably the safest place in Europe for Jews (100,000 of them). That's the view of the estimable David Goldman:
Last Friday evening I put on a kippah and walked half an hour across Budapest to the Keren Or synagogue maintained by the Budapest Chabad. After violent attacks on Jews in German streets, the leaders of Germany's Jewish community warned Jews last month not to wear a kippah or any other visible sign of Jewish identification in public. The French community issued such warnings years ago. Belgian TV could not find a single Jew in Brussels willing to wear a kippah in public. I walked across Budapest four times (for Friday evening and Saturday daytime services), and no-one looked at my kippah twice. At services I met Hasidim who had walked to synagogue with kaftan and shtreimel, the traditional round fur hat. Whatever residual anti-Semitism remains among Hungarians, it doesn't interfere with the open embrace of Jewish life.
Unfortunately, as Goldman notes, the same cannot be said of continental Europe's major “liberal democracies.”
Goldman cites several reasons for the lack of virulent anti-Semitism in Hungary. First, there are very few Muslim migrants. This is the primary reason.
The left insists that European populism is anti-Semitic, but everyone understands that the real, physical threat to Europe's Jews comes from Muslims. France and Germany are Exhibits A and B.
“Liberal” Europe is doing all it can to force Hungary to accept Muslim immigrants — to import anti-Semitism. According to Goldman, Hungary stands to lose up to $4 billion in EC subsidies, roughly 3 percent of the country's GDP, if it doesn't knuckle under. Germany is leading the charge. Hasn't Germany inflicted enough suffering on Europe's Jews?
A secondary reason for the relative lack of anti-Semitism in Hungary is Orban himself. He maintains a close relationship with Israel, one that dates back 20 years to when then-Finance Minister Netanyahu helped Orban with Hungary's economic program. Earlier this month, Hungary, along with Romania and the Czech Republic, vetoed a European Community resolution condemning the U.S. for moving its embassy to Jerusalem.
Beyond Orban's relationship with Netanyahu, Goldman finds the affinity between Israel and Hungary “existential.”:
Hungary is a small nation at risk of demographic extinction during the next century, and the Hungarian nationalists view Israel as the paragon of a small nation that has revived itself by force of will and the grace of God. In that regard the Hungarian nationalists bring to mind the American evangelicals, whose grandfathers for the most part were anti-Semites, but who concluded after the 1967 War that a miracle had happened before their eyes, and that they were well advised to get on the right side of it.
Orban has been accused of anti-Semitism because of his attacks on George Soros, who happens to be Jewish. Soros, an ex-pat, has spent enormous sums of money trying to sway Hungarian politics against Orban and his policies. As Goldman puts it:
Soros, to be sure, is Jewish by descent but not by practice or affiliation; he is a left-wing utopian who thinks that dissolving national differences is the precondition for world harmony. . .[T]here is nothing inherently anti-Semitic about campaigning against a plutocrat who is trying to buy your country.
Some of Orban's bad press in the West may be deserved. But much of it seems off-base, the product of a quest to paint Trumpism as part of a dangerous populist wave that threatens democracy.
Claims that Orban and the Hungarian populism he represents are anti-Semitic certainly fall into that category, as Goldman demonstrates. The threat to European Jewry comes from Muslims and the continent's left-leaning policy-making elites
THEY ARE BACK: Oakes Oval will host Nitro Circus Live LATER IN April.
TO SUPPORT Lismore residents affected by the recent floods, Nitro Circus will auction off an autographed jersey signed by Travis Pastrana and his teammates with proceeds to go towards supporting the community.
Nitro Circus is an 'action sport collective' led by Travis Pastrana, featuring him and his friends travelling around the world riding dirtbikes, base jumping, and performing stunts.
Nitro Circus Live has completed a thorough inspection of the Oakes Oval grounds and, after consulting with local officials, the event has been confirmed for Tuesday, April 25.
Lismore City Council Tourism and Events Manager Mitch Lowe confirmed the venue is ready to host Nitro Circus.
"The event is sure to bring much delight to audiences in Lismore,” he said.
Nitro Circus wants to help the area recover from the natural disaster.
The global action sports collective will auction off an autographed riding jersey, "with all proceeds benefiting Cyclone Debbie relief efforts”.
To get the word out nationwide, Travis will also post a special message to Nitro Circus Live's more than 600,000 Australian fans on Facebook, encouraging them to bid on the jersey and support Debbie victims.
Mike Porra, Executive Chairman & Global Head of Creative for Nitro Circus, said people across the country have witnessed the devastation brought to the Northern Rivers by the weather event.
"We've all been following news coverage of Debbie and cannot believe its impact,” he said.
"While we definitely wanted to ride for our Lismore fans and put on a massive show for them, we needed to make sure it would be safe first.
"The grounds are in much better shape than expected and we are 100% go.
"It's very important to us to give back to Lismore recovery efforts and help the area get back on its feet,” Mr Porra said.
Nitro Circus Live showcases an all-star international line up of world-class action sports athletes, plus riders in freestyle motocross (FMX), BMX, scooter and inline - including multiple X Games medalists.
Nitro Circus Live's daredevils also ride a host of outrageous contraptions off the tour's famous 40-foot Giganta Ramp, such as tricycles, a wheeled recliner and more.
With an exciting set geared for an outdoor stadium experience, Nitro Circus Live is a spectacular and entertaining event that is fun for fans of all ages.
For Nitro Circus Live ticketsgo to nitrocircus.live.
If you've ever wanted to own a dinosaur skeleton, it's time to start collecting your nickels and dimes, folks.
French auction house Aguttes announced that it's officially putting a dinosaur skeleton up for sale on June 4, 2018, in Paris. Measuring in at 29 feet long and constituting roughly 70 percent of a complete skeleton, officials have determined that the dino could fetch up to $2.2 million, Reuters reported.
Though experts have noted the dinosaur is likely from the Allosaurus group, which is a genus of large theropod dinosaurs that date back to the Jurassic period, several bone structures have left officials weighing the idea that their specimen might actually be a new species or genus.
The skeleton is currently on display at the Gare des Brotteaux in Lyon, France. However, officials will be transporting the bones to the Eiffel Tower prior to the auction. The skeleton will be on full display on the first floor of Paris' historic tower for the sale.
"[I have been] keen on fossils for as long as I can remember; I have traveled the world visiting fossiliferous sites, haunting museums and attending specialist events," Eric Mickeler, a paleontologist who advises Aguttes, said in a press release. "I have worked as an expert for almost 20 years, for auction houses like Aguttes, Christie's and Sotheby's, as well as governments and big international collectors."
"I have examined and valued many important paleontological species and it is a real privilege to have been involved in the examination of this theropod dinosaur of a hitherto unknown species, a discovery, I am sure, that is destined to make its mark," he added.
Interestingly enough, aside from bidding in euros, potential buyers also have the option to pay in bitcoin.
The dino was found in the Morrison Formation in Wyoming in 2013. It is currently owned by a British businessman, according to reports.
NEW YORK (AP) — One reason for the steeliness in Norah O'Donnell's demeanor the morning after the sexual misconduct accusations against former “CBS This Morning” co-anchor Charlie Rose were revealed became apparent on Monday.
O'Donnell was working on a six-month investigation into sexual assault at the U.S. Air Force Academy, and the first report on what was found aired Monday on “CBS This Morning.” CBS said more than a dozen current and former cadets at the Air Force believe their cases had been mishandled and that they faced retaliation.
She said that her statement on the morning of Nov. 21 that women cannot achieve full equality in the workplace until there is a reckoning on sexual misconduct was affected by what she learned talking to the Air Force cadets.
A home is the largest purchase most people will make in their lives.
That should reinforce the importance of planning ahead, doing your research, relying on the advice of experts and not rushing through the process.
With nearly 700,000 homes purchased in Canada each year, there's no shortage of anecdotes about the issues and surprises that can arise.
While a mortgage broker can help you avoid many of the pitfalls commonly encountered during the home buying process, it's still important to be informed even before you start looking for that perfect home. Here are just a few examples:
1. Not checking your credit report before applying for a mortgage
Put simply, not knowing your credit score prior to applying for a mortgage is akin to not brushing your teeth before visiting the dentist.
Your credit score can have a huge impact on the best rate you'll be able to secure. For example, some lenders will offer a borrower with a 640 credit score rates that are a full 0.25% worse than someone with a score of 750, as we've written about previously on these pages. For conventional mortgages (those with down payments of less than 20%), the ideal target score is around 720.
You don't want to discover your credit score is sub-par in the middle of a mortgage application. Knowing this information beforehand gives you time to improve your score, or address any errors that may appear on your report. You can easily check your score through Equifax or TransUnion.
Anyone with a credit score less than 680 (the minimum credit score to get the best rates) should be prepared to pony up for a higher interest rate and will likely qualify for a smaller mortgage.
2. Thinking it's all about the rate
Let's be honest, who doesn't want the cheapest mortgage rate possible? And indeed it is important to find the best deal that meets your needs. After all, a few percentage points can make a not-insignificant difference to your interest costs over your mortgage term.
But don't be too quick to jump at the cheapest rate without making sure it has all of the features you need/want, and that it doesn't stick you with higher-than-normal penalties should you need to break your mortgage early. Some people are OK with a large penalty if it saves them money upfront on the rate. Just remember that penalties on certain “no-frills” mortgages can end up costing many thousands of dollars, nullifying any rate savings.
3. Not understanding the importance of the down payment
Many first-time buyers see a down payment as a big, almost-insurmountable obstacle to home ownership, particularly in regions where prices have skyrocketed into the stratosphere.
But when you get into the nitty-gritty of it all, there are many more considerations beyond simply coming up with the money.
Things to consider:
How big of a down payment will you/can you make? Of course you must meet the federally mandated minimum down payment: 5% for all mortgages up to $500,000, and 10% on any portion above $500,000 up to $1 million (CMHC-insured mortgage loans are only available on properties valued under $1 million). It goes without saying that as you increase the size of the down payment, you reduce the amount of interest over the lifetime of the mortgage. But you also reduce the size of the CMHC mortgage insurance premium, which runs from 0.60% on loan-to-values up to 65%, all the way up to 4% for loan-to-values of 95% (i.e. 5% down). CMHC says the average down payment in 2016 was 8%, while the average CMHC-insured loan was $245,000. Based on those figures, the average premium was $9,016. Remember, this premium is normally rolled into the mortgage, and gets paid off (with interest) over the life of the mortgage.
The source of your down payment funds. According to Mortgage Professionals Canada, about 10% of first-time buyers use the federal government's Home Buyer's Plan to withdraw up to $25,000 tax free from their Registered Retirement Savings Plan (RRSP). This can be a great tool for supplementing a down payment, so long as you're aware of the rules and the payback requirements.
Transferring the funds. No matter where your down payment funds are coming from (savings, investments, RRSP, proceeds from a prior sale), be sure to leave yourself plenty of time for the funds to clear and for a certified or cashier's cheque to be produced before the closing. It's easy to underestimate the time it may take for wire transfers to finalize, so be sure to confirm with your bank or financial institution in the event of a tight deadline.
4. Not setting (and sticking to) a budget
You're probably thinking, “but budgets can be boring and tedious.” This is not entirely incorrect, but on the other hand a budget paints a clear picture of your financial situation and lays the framework for ensuring you can afford all of the hidden (and not so hidden) costs associated with buying a home—not to mention all of the costs that follow after the closing.
It's important to plan for both the short and long term. Short-term costs include everything from:
Land transfer taxes
Legal fees
Home inspection/appraisal fees
Down payment (this is kind of a big one)
Mortgage insurance (remember, the provincial tax on your insurance premium can't be rolled into the mortgage like the premium itself, so expect this hefty expense at closing time)
Then there are the ongoing costs of home ownership. Previous owners will know what to expect, but first-time buyers may be caught off guard with sudden expenses after moving in, such as:
Appliances and furniture
Condo fees/Property taxes/Property insurance
Utility costs
Renovations/repairs (furnace replacement, new shingles, etc.)
And everything else, down to tools, and yes, even a dehumidifier. These expenses can add up
As for long-term planning—and this applies especially to today's buyers—just because you scored a great rate for your purchase, be prepared for the possibility that rates will rise and that you may need to renew into a higher rate in the future.
For every 25 bps or rate increases, adjustable-rate holders can expect to pay approximately $25 more in interest each month based on a $200,000 mortgage.
5. Not Shopping Around
Whether you plan to find your own mortgage or enlist the help of a broker, it's still important to shop around in both cases.
Most people don't buy the first car they test drive. They give themselves adequate time to research and compare their options. So why would a purchase worth many times the cost of your vehicle be any different?
As mentioned above, a mortgage broker can help you wade through these issues, plus much more. If you need help finding a qualified broker near you, Mortgage Professionals Canada offers a national listing of certified brokers.
© Mainichi
194 centimeters of snow
Disruptions from heavy weekend snow continued in Tottori Prefecture and other areas along the Sea of Japan on Feb. 13, a day after a path was cleared for someIt continued to snow on and off in many areas of western Japan along the Sea of Japan coast on Feb. 13 as a result of a wintry atmospheric pattern that has brought the coldest air of the season to the region.As of 9 a.m. on Feb. 13, the Hyogo Prefecture town of Kami had recordedThe JMA forecasts that it will likely snow in areas along the Sea of Japan coast in the Hokuriku, Chugoku and Kinki regions on Feb. 14.A 62-year-old man was found dead in a light vehicle at a residence in Miyazu, Kyoto Prefecture, at around 1:45 p.m. on Feb. 11. Police concluded that he died of carbon monoxide poisoning. Local police said snow had accumulated to a height of over 1 meter behind the car. The man was apparently taking a break in the vehicle after having cleared snow from the premises of the residence from the morning of Feb. 11. Investigators suspect that snow that had fallen from the roof blocked the muffler of the vehicle, causing exhaust fumes to flow back inside the car.Separately, a woman in her 80s was found lying in an irrigation canal in the city of Tottori at around 11:50 a.m. on Feb. 12, bleeding from her head. She was subsequently pronounced dead.
The fabulous and always-working Issa Rae is not slowing down, despite the fact that she is currently between seasons on her hit HBO show. It was just announced that she has teamed up with BET to find the next crop of emerging talent.
#IssaRae's ColorCreative (@CoCreTv) partners with BET on contest to find new, emerging voices for TV series https://t.co/uPjZTnGLnC pic.twitter.com/FQD5w8BHUT — Shadow and Act (@shadowandact) April 21, 2018
Insecure star Issa Rae is currently filming the highly-anticipated third season of her HBO series, however she has remained quite busy in the meantime. One of the projects on her plate involves giving upcoming creative voices the opportunity to work with her and BET on a new television series, according to Shadow and Act.
Via Shadow and Act:
Issa Rae's ColorCreative is partnering with BET Networks for a writing contest to find new voices for a television series. The first ColorCreative Script to Screen Contest is launched in partnership with the American Black Film Festival. Writers interested in participating are tasked with bringing an original comedy or drama pilot script to the table that, if chosen as the winner, will be fully developed and produced.
“ColorCreative's mission has always been to provide opportunities for underrepresented writers by developing and producing their work. With this latest initiative, I couldn't be more excited to be collaborating with BET Networks to help identify a fresh voice and an original idea that highlights the Black American experience,” said Deniese Davis, co-founder and chief operating officer at ColorCreative.
ColorCreative says they are looking for “creative ideas that showcase their individuality and unique point of view.” The pilot must explore an “important and/or an untapped part of the Black experience that would fit BET's programming and audience. The series can be about anything as long as you stay true to the culture and are specific about your theme and perspective.”
If you are an O.G. Issa Rae fan, you know that she got her start on YouTube, where many emerging voices have gone from unknown to superstar status, and she is always spotlighting new writers and projects on her own YouTube channel. It's nice to see her paying it forward by giving others a great opportunity.
The three finalists selected will travel to the 2018 American Black Film Festival (ABFF) in Miami from June 13-17 and have an opportunity to attend roundtable sessions with industry veterans and a private luncheon with BET and various ColorCreative executives.
Following the festival, finalists will receive feedback on the script and have time to submit a revised draft. Finally, one winner will receive a cash prize and have their pilot script produced by ColorCreative for BET.
For more details and submission guidelines, visit ABFF.com.
Check out today's Top Stories here:
Kevin Hart Roasted Over Old Tweet About Dark-Skinned Women
Lizzo Shares How Her Bare Ass Brought Her Liberation At Beautycon
Also On The Chicago Defender:
Museums are a place where people go to learn about history.
The Houston Museum of Natural Science at Sugar Land, however, had plenty of history before its doors opened in 2009. The 43,000-square-foot building that is now home to dinosaur bones, giant gemstones, and meteorites was originally built to house black inmates as part of the Central Prison Farm.
Commissioned in 1937 and opened in 1939, the Depression-era brick building reflected major improvements in prison reforms enacted in the early part of the 20th century.
“This was a huge step forward in terms of incarceration. Up until then it was pretty Wild West,” said Adrienne Barker, the museum's director.
Known as Two Camp, the building was constructed of bricks made by inmates at the nearby Jester Unit. It had seven dorms – called tanks – to house inmates plus two additional tanks for guards. Although time spent at Two Camp would be considered brutal by modern standards, Barker said the facility and treatment reflected massive improvements over prior prison conditions.
“Sanitation was a big issue,” she said.
The brick alone was a significant upgrade over wood, which didn't offer as much protection against the elements and also harbored insects and disease. Two Camp had such luxuries as indoor showers and restrooms, a kitchen, meat locker, bakery, laundry, infirmary, schoolroom, and even a recreation hall where inmates could watch movies, produce talent shows, and engage in other theatrical entertainment.
“The Central Unit was set up to self-sustaining, self-sufficient, and not a drag on taxpayers,” Barker said. “It was a model for the rest of the state.”
The prisoners grew their own food and also ran a canning operation and manufactured soap.
“They manufactured soap into the 1990s,” Barker said. “It was sold to other state institutions.”
The prisoners labored long and difficult days at Central Unit. They got time off on Saturdays for recreation, which included boxing, baseball, and for those who wanted it, school classes. Although the inmates worked on Sunday's, they had a reduced workload to allow them to attend church services and receive visits from family.
The guards were quartered in Two Camp and also worked six days a week, including alternating Sundays.
Two Camp's days of housing prisoners ended with desegregation in 1968, when the black inmates were relocated into facilities for whites. The building, however, was converted into a warehouse for storing the soap made by the inmates. In 1999, the facility was finally abandoned.
The state sold off the property and in 2003 Newland Communities purchased the land and buildings as part of its proposed Telfair development. Rather than tear down the building, the developer installed a new roof, replaced windows and did other structural upgrades. Once complete, the building was given to the City of Sugar Land, which made interior refurbishments to the building shell.
“They talked with lots of people about what it might be,” Barker said.
Ultimately, the Houston Museum of Natural Science entered into a public-private partnership agreement with the city to operate a satellite museum there. The museum's grand opening was held Oct. 3, 2009.
On May 21, museum and city officials unveiled the metal dedication plaque that had long since fallen off the building and vanished. It was returned by the family of a former guard who took it when the prison closed.
Last summer, during a museum visit with his family, Terry Fisher, who was a retired guard, and subsequent warehouse manager in the 1990s, met Barker and mentioned the marker having fallen off the wall during his watch. With the warehouse closing and the area headed to re-development, Fisher took the marker for safekeeping when he retired, believing it would be otherwise destroyed. Fisher immediately offered to return it to its original home, if it was wanted.
Barker travelled to North Texas in early September to meet Fisher and his wife, Kathy, and to pick it up. Fisher died earlier this year, before the marker was back in place, but members of his family came for the ceremony.
“As we got ready to return the plaque, Terry cleaned up, and then hand polished it to make it shine, like a new penny, as he would say. He was so excited to know the plaque would be returned to its rightful, historical place on the building. He was especially looking forward to seeing it in person, but God had other plans,” Kathy Fisher said of her husband.
Museum staff recently refinished the old double wood doors and the plaque has been returned to its original location for visitors to view.
“We very much enjoy the partnership we have with the city and expect to have a long history ourselves in the museum building,” said HMNS President Joel Bartsch. “It is great to have this area of the building complete once again.”
×
Cookie Policy
zeenews.india.com understands that your privacy is important to you and we are committed for being transparent about the technologies we use. This cookie policy explains how and why cookies and other similar technologies may be stored on and accessed from your device when you use or visit zeenews.india.com websites that posts a link to this Policy (collectively, “the sites”). This cookie policy should be read together with our Privacy Policy.
By continuing to browse or use our sites, you agree that we can store and access cookies and other tracking technologies as described in this policy.
What are Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
A cookie is a small text file that can be stored on and accessed from your device when you visit one of our sites, to the extent you agree. The other tracking technologies work similarly to cookies and place small data files on your devices or monitor your website activity to enable us to collect information about how you use our sites. This allows our sites to recognize your device from those of other users on our sites. The information provided below about cookies also applies to these other tracking technologies.
How do our sites use Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies?
Zeenews.com use cookies and other technologies to store information in your web browser or on your mobile phone, tablet, computer, or other devices (collectively "devices") that allow us to store and receive certain pieces of information whenever you use or interact with our zeenews.india.com applications and sites. Such cookies and other technologies helps us to identify you and your interests, to remember your preferences and to track use of zeenews.india.com We also use cookies and other tracking technologies to control access to certain content on our sites, protect the sites, and to process any requests that you make to us.
We also use cookies to administer our sites and for research purposes, zeenews.india.com also has contracted with third-party service providers to track and analyse statistical usage and volume information from our site users. These third-party service providers use persistent Cookies to help us improve user experience, manage our site content, and analyse how users navigate and utilize the sites.
First and Third-party Cookies
First party cookies
These are those cookies that belong to us and which we place on your device or are those set by a website that is being visited by the user at the time (e.g., cookies placed by zeenews.india.com)
Third-party cookies
Some features used on this website may involve a cookie being sent to your computer by a third party. For example, if you view or listen to any embedded audio or video content you may be sent cookies from the site where the embedded content is hosted. Likewise, if you share any content on this website through social networks (for example by clicking a Facebook “like” button or a “Tweet” button) you may be sent cookies from these websites. We do not control the setting of these cookies so please check the websites of these third parties for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
We use the following types of cookies:
Persistent Cookies
We use persistent cookies to improve your experience of using the sites. This includes recording your acceptance of our cookie policy to remove the cookie message which first appears when you visit our site.
Session Cookies
Session cookies are temporary and deleted from your machine when your web browser closes. We use session cookies to help us track internet usage as described above.
You may refuse to accept browser Cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of the sites. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will check if cookies can be captured when you direct your browser to our sites.
The data collected by the sites and/or through Cookies that may be placed on your computer will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above. In any event, such information will be kept in our database until we get explicit consent from you to remove all the stored cookies.
We categorize cookies as follows:
Essential Cookies
This cookie is essential to our site in order to enable you to move around it and to use its features. Without these essential cookies we may not be able to provide certain services or features and our site will not perform as smoothly for you as we would like. These cookies, for example, let us recognize that you have created an account and have logged in/out to access site content. They also include Cookies that enable us to remember your previous actions within the same browsing session and secure our sites.
Analytical/Performance Cookies
These cookies are used by us or by our third-party service providers to analyse how the sites are used and how they are performing. For example, these cookies track what content are most frequently visited, your viewing history and from what locations our visitors come from. If you subscribe to a newsletter or otherwise register with the Sites, these cookies may be correlated to you.
Functionality Cookies
These cookies let us operate the sites in accordance with the choices you make. These cookies permit us to "remember you” in-between visits. For instance, we will recognize your user name and remember how you customized the sites and services, for example by adjusting text size, fonts, languages and other parts of web pages that are alterable, and provide you with the same customizations during future visits.
Advertising Cookies
These cookies collect information about your activities on our sites as well as other sites to provide you targeted advertising. We may also allow our third-party service providers to use cookies on the sites for the same purposes identified above, including collecting information about your online activities over time and across different websites. The third-party service providers that generate these cookies, such as, social media platforms, have their own privacy policies, and may use their cookies to target advertisement to you on other websites, based on your visit to our sites.
How do I refuse or withdraw my consent to the use of Cookies?
If you do not want cookies to be dropped on your device, you can adjust the setting of your Internet browser to reject the setting of all or some cookies and to alert you when a cookie is placed on your device. For further information about how to do so, please refer to your browser ‘help' / ‘tool' or ‘edit' section for cookie settings w.r.t your browser that may be Google Chrome, Safari, Mozilla Firefox etc.
Please note that if your browser setting is already setup to block all cookies (including strictly necessary Cookies) you may not be able to access or use all or parts or functionalities of our sites.
If you want to remove previously-stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time from your browser settings. However, this will not prevent the sites from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your Internet browser setting as described above.
For more information on the development of user-profiles and the use of targeting/advertising Cookies, please see www.youronlinechoices.eu if you are located in Europe or www.aboutads.info/choices if in the United States.
Contact us
If you have any other questions about our Cookie Policy, please contact us at:
If you require any information or clarification regarding the use of your personal information or this privacy policy or grievances with respect to use of your personal information, please email us at response@zeemedia.esselgroup.com.
A Stockholm City worker welds shut a manhole cover in Stockholm, before U.S. President Barack Obama's visit to Sweden, September 3, 2013. REUTERS/Anders Wiklund/Scanpix Sweden
STOCKHOLM Industrial workers in Sweden will get pay rises of 2 percent a year for three years, employers and unions agreed on Friday, a deal that is likely to keep inflation pressure moderate and limit the chances for tighter monetary policy.
Factoring in pension increases, industry unions and employers said they had agreed rises of 6.5 percent over the next three years.
The agreement covers around half a million workers and provides a benchmark for wage-setting across the economy.
"The new three-year agreement is bad news for the Riksbank, and strengthens our view that any reversal of monetary policy is a long way off," banking group Nordea said in a note.
Nordea said it expected rates to remain at the current -0.50 percent until the second half of 2018.
The Riksbank expects to start raising rates gradually at the start of 2018, although it says inflation will not stabilise around the 2 percent target until the end of that year.
That forecast is based, among other things, on an expectation that total hourly wages will rise around 3.5 percent this year and next.
The Riksbank's measure covers overtime and other factors, but analysts were united in seeing the latest wage agreement as making it harder to reach the 2 percent inflation target.
The Riksbank has slashed rates and is buying up around 40 percent of the outstanding stock of government bonds in an effort to push up prices.
Inflation matched the 2 percent target in February for the first time in six years, but has been driven up by temporary factors, mainly energy prices.
Excluding those, underlying inflation was 1.3 percent.
Figures on Friday showed inflation in the euro zone fell to 1.5 percent in March, well below expectations.
(Reporting by Daniel Dickson, editing by Anna Ringstrom, Vin Shahrestani and Toby Davis)
A day after petrol and diesel prices were slashed by 1 paise per litre, the oil companies on Thursday reduced the prices further by 7 paise per litre for petrol and 5 paise per litre for diesel. The reduction in fuel prices on the second consecutive day comes after 16 days of incessant rise by oil firms.
There was confusion over the amount of reduction in the prices on Wednesday. While in morning there was an announcement about petrol prices going down by 60 paise in Delhi and 59 paise in Mumbai, and diesel prices going down by 56 paise in Delhi and 59 paise in Mumbai, it was later clarified by the Indian Oil Corporation that the reduction was of merely 1 paisa per litre.
"There was a technical glitch in posting the selling prices of petrol and diesel. The selling prices of petrol and diesel with effect from May 30, 2018 have been rectified. Today, there is a minor reduction in fuel prices," the IOC clarified shortly before noon.
With the latest dip in fuel prices, petrol stands at Rs 78.35 per litre in Delhi whereas it is Rs 86.16 per litre Mumbai. Price of diesel in Delhi is Rs 69.25 per litre and Rs 73.73 per litre in Mumbai.
Oil companies use 15-day rolling average of Singapore gasoline prices and Arab Gulf diesel prices to arrive at daily rates and so the fall in international oil rates seen in the last few days would be factored in for the revisions in the coming days.
The reduction comes after 16 consecutive price increases since May 14 when fuel retailers ended a 19-day pre-Karnataka poll hiatus to pass on a spike in global oil rates. In all, petrol price was increased by Rs 3.8 per litre and diesel by Rs 3.38 in that fortnight.
Prices vary from state to state depending on local sales tax or VAT. Delhi has the cheapest price among all metros and most state capitals.
Oops, you haven't selected any newsletters. Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again.
BEIJING (AP) — The government of an oil city near China's border with Russia said Wednesday that it was suspending an aluminum plant project following street protests by some residents over pollution fears, in the latest sign of rising environmental consciousness among some Chinese.
On Tuesday, more than 200 protesters faced off against dozens of police officers outside the Daqing government headquarters and chanted no to the plant planned by aluminum producer Zhongwang Holdings Ltd. A resident reached by phone, who asked not to be identified for fear of reprisals, said that protests had been taking place since earlier this month.
The Daqing city government and Zhongwang signed an agreement to cooperate on the plant in 2011. It is still in the planning stages and both say it would create more than 30,000 jobs.
But following the protests, the city government said in an online statement that it had agreed with Zhongwang to suspend the project and would make a decision on whether to continue “based on a broad consensus of citizens.”
Advertisement
Such environmental protests are becoming increasingly common as China's middle-class demands a cleaner environment and becomes more aware of health risks.
To contain unrest, local governments in China often announce suspensions to chemical and other projects following protests, and then quietly restart them months later.
Tackling the problem of pollution after decades of breakneck economic growth remains a serious challenge for the ruling Communist Party, with air pollution alone blamed for 1.4 million premature deaths in China every year, according to estimates by researchers at Germany's Max Planck institute.
However, Hong Kong-listed Zhongwang earlier issued a statement saying that its production processes met international environmental standards.
DUBLIN — A crowd of about 200 turned out for a GenX forum Thursday evening, and many residents voiced frustration over how slowly things are moving.
“I think it went well,” said DEQ representative Sheila Holman after the meeting. “We understand people have concerns, and I hope tonight was helpful to them.”
The forum began with comments from several elected officials, followed by reports from DEQ divisions.
“The reports you'll hear tonight are the same reports we hear in the N.C. legislature,” said N.C. House Rep. William Brisson of Dublin. “We're not hiding anything; there are no hidden reports.”
Rep.Billy Richardson urged residents to take advantage of a gift from the founding fathers.
“Chemours is set up as a dummy company so you can't get to DuPont …” he explained. “The founding fathers gave you the court system to allow the general citizen from Bladen County to stand toe to toe with the president of DuPont and have your complaint heard. You need to avail yourself of the courtroom.”
His remarks were met with applause and echoed later in the evening by an attendee who said nothing was going to be done unless people banded together in class action lawsuits to hit Chemours where it mattered — the wallet.
Director of the Division of Air Quality Mike Abraczinskas informed guests DEQ is currently taking rainwater samples. Because particles in the air — like GenX could be — would be captured by rain droplets and fall to the ground, evaluating rainwater samples would give the agency an idea of whether GenX is affecting air quality.
“This is really a central piece,” he explained. “We're building foundational knowledge that will reveal solutions that will work.”
Division of Wastewater Management Michael Scott said, to date, 505 private wells have been sampled. Of those, 151 have registered above the state's health goal; 148 have been negative; and 206 have tested positive, but below the health goal of 140 parts per trillion. Phase I involved sampling within a mile from the center of the plant. When those tests came back positive, Phase II was enacted, enlarging the radius to one mile from the borders of the plant's property. When those results came back positive as well, Phase III involved additional testing, and Phase IV is currently underway, involving 50 additional tests. DEQ will continue testing until results come back showing minimal contamination.
Scott emphasized tests are underway regarding a carbon filtration system.
“Chemours is sampling one well with 800 ppt, and data does show it does filter the compounds out,” he explained. “This is not enough data, and we have not approved this filter. We want to study this for several months.”
When Scott mentioned the Division has sent a letter to Chemours asking for interim measures, resident Kelly Hair had enough.
“This is bull—,” she said, standing up. “We shouldn't even be here asking questions. Tell DuPont to go out there and drink the water. Enough is enough.”
When Hair left the auditorium to cool off, Scott told the audience, “I don't argue her point. She obviously has questions, and we're here to answer them.”
According to Scott, the Division is also:
— Looking into whether deeper wells drilled into bedrock, as opposed to the shallow 100-foot wells common in the area, would prove to be a viable solution.
— Studying fish tissue to determine how GenX and other compounds are affecting common food sources like fish and deer.
After the reports, guests were given an opportunity to speak. Though a few had questions, some wanted to vent.
“I'm trying to understand how we devolved into Third-World living,” said Amanda Dew, whose family owns Marshwood Lake.
Veteran Jerry Ensminger recounted his own history with Agent Orange, drawing the parallel of another substance once promised to be safe but later determined to be the source of many of his own health problems, which have rendered him fully disabled.
Wilmington resident Harper Peterson encouraged guests to look at the political landscape.
“Every night when we go to bed — it doesn't matter if you're rich or poor, black, white, or Hispanic — we go to bed asking, ‘Is my water safe to drink?'” he commented. “It is a basic human right for every citizen to have clean, safe drinking water.
“No matter what you think of him, we had a governor seven months ago that asked for $2.5 million in emergency funds to deal with this. The House asked the Senate just two weeks ago for (additional funding) and the Senate wouldn't even listen to them. That's how important this is to them. That's how important you are to them. We can't take it any longer.”
After the meeting, legislators responded by saying the issue is not unimportant, but studying must be done first.
Chrysta Carroll can be reached by calling 910-862-4163 or emailing ccarroll@bladenjournal.com.
http://www.bladenjournal.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/02/web1_GenX1pic.jpg http://www.bladenjournal.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/02/web1_GenX2pic.jpg
Residents' frustrations boil overduring discussoin of water quality
Ecobank invites entries for fintech challenge
Ecobank is inviting African fintech entrepreneurs to enter its Ecobank Fintech Challenge.
Now in its second year, the initiative gives African start-ups the chance to promote their fintech solutions, and potentially to partner Ecobank in rolling-out their solutions across Ecobank's 33 markets.
Ten finalists will be selected to participate in an Awards and Innovation Fair at the global headquarters of Ecobank in Lomé, Togo in July 2018. Following a series of pitches from the finalists, a panel of judges will select the top three winners, who will receive cash prizes worth $10 000, $7 000, and $5 000 respectively.
All 10 finalists will also be conferred Ecobank Fintech Fellows and will qualify to explore opportunities to partner with Ecobank including:
* Multi-national product roll-out: the most commercially viable start-ups can launch their products in Ecobank's 33 markets across Africa.
* Service provider partner deals: start-ups with deep capabilities to become pan-African service partners within Ecobank's ecosystem.
* Mentoring and networking support: founders will be conferred as Ecobank Innovation Fellows for a year, which grants them access to networking and mentoring from Ecobank's vast global network of technology leaders, fintech experts, investors and management coaches.
Ade Ayeyemi, group CEO of Ecobank Transnational Incorporated, comments: “We, at Ecobank, believe that the current winds of change led by technology and innovation will redefine how banks do business, and indeed the relationships people have with their money. We want to be at the forefront of this change, in partnership with Africa's rising start-ups, and that is why we created the Ecobank Fintech Challenge.”
Eddy Ogbogu, Ecobank group executive for operations and technology, says: “The maiden 2017 edition of the Challenge proved that Africa has an impressive army of highly capable fintech start-ups. Ecobank is looking forward to another successful competition.”
Applications for the competition will close on 20 May, 2018.
Now that we cant stop making distasteful references to beating 'druglords' I think its time to remember Andres Escobar, shot dead by drug cartels after he scored an own goal in 1994 World Cup leading to Colombia's exit. He was just 27 years old #ENGCOL pic.twitter.com/jr8EDAsu18
© Eric Lalmand, AFP
Power cuts
Hundreds of schools closed
High winds and heavy snow in Europe on Monday stranded thousands of travelers, kept schoolchildren at home and even played havoc with international diplomacy.The snowed-over runways in Brussels on Monday provoked about 90 flight cancellations and some 100 delays, including for the plane carrying Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu back home.He tweeted a video from his plane that opened with a shot of the white tarmac at the close of his European visit marked by the US recognising Jerusalem as Israel's capital.A scheduled meeting between Netanyahu and European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker had to be called off because of the weather, officials said.Brussels airport advised passengers to stay away, as staff were trying to de-ice planes and clear snow from the runways."Heavy snowfall: do not come to the airport until further notice," the airport said on Twitter, adding that passengers should check the status of their flights.Schiphol airport, just outside Amsterdam, was forced to cancel 430 flights already by early afternoon -- about a third of all flights in or out of one of Europe's top five busiest air hubs -- while many others faced long delays.Eindhoven airport, the Netherlands' second biggest, said just after midday that "due to wintry weather conditions, the runway is currently closed".But it was not just knee-high snow that was causing trouble,Some 120,000 people were without power in France as storms that caused a ferry to run aground in Calais on Sunday continued to sweep the centre and west of the country.Brutal winds shut down ferry service between the southern Spanish port of Algeciras and Tangiers in Morocco, while also shuttering some schools in southern Spain.At the same time, Britain was recovering after heavy snow brought freezing temperatures, shutting hundreds of schools and disrupting flights for a second day.Power was restored to more than 100,000 homes, while airports tried to recover their schedules following the winter's first major snowfall -- the biggest in four years.Newspaper front pages were filled with pictures of people either enjoying the snow or stuck in gridlock on the roads.Some 32 centimetres (12.5 inches) of snow fell in Sennybridge in south Wales on Sunday.The Western Power Distribution network said it has restored power to more than 99,500 customers, while a further 7,000 were still without electricity, largely in west central England.Meanwhile disruption continued on the roads and at airports.London Heathrow, Europe's busiest airport by passenger numbers, said it was still experiencing problems."Some flights at Heathrow will be disrupted on Monday due to crew and aircraft being out of position following yesterday's weather," it said."We're working with our airline partners to return aircraft to where they need to be, and full service recovery remains the focus."Hundreds of schools were closed in western England and north Wales, while much of the kingdom was on a yellow weather warning for snow and ice.All local authority-run schools in the central city of Birmingham were also shut.AFP
Editor's note: This article was originally published on November 11, 2016, and was updated on August 14, 2017 with up-to-date pricing information.
The iPhone has a very good camera, but you can get more out of it by using an add-on lens. They can increase the amount of zoom, or they provide an effect that gives your photo more impact.
Many companies sell a set of lenses as part of a system. That system can include a wide-angle lens, a telephoto lens, and a fish-eye lens. Each system has it own way of attaching lenses to your iPhone. The lenses reviewed here work with the iPhone SE, 6s, and 6s Plus, as well as any other iPhone that has a camera bump like those iPhones, such as the iPhone 6. (We haven't tested them with the iPhone 7, but we a separate review roundup in the works for iPhone 7 lenses.)
In this roundup, we gathered several iPhone lens systems, put tested them with an iPhone 6s, and reviewed and rated each one. You'll find our top picks below if you need to make a buying decision right away. Click on the product links in the summary boxes to read the full reviews, and be sure to read on to learn how we tested and to get our impressions of the market.
Best overall: ExoLens with Optics by Zeiss
The ExoLens Zeiss lenses offer the best possible image quality with the least amount of equipment and fuss. While the lenses may seem pricey, they deliver.
Photos taken with these lens displayed colors that are perfectly in phase, crisp details, and no distortion.
The ExoLens Zeiss lenses use an aluminum bracket that fits over the iPhone, and you screw on the interchangeable lenses to the bracket. The frame has a hot-shoe mount and a tripod boss for attaching a standard tripod screw.
The ExoLens Zeiss Wide-Angle Lens Kit for the 6 Plus/6s Plus costs $199.95. It includes a wide-angle lens (18mm equivalent), a bracket, a protective aluminum lens hood, and a lens cap. You can also pick up the ExoLens Zeiss Telephoto 2.0x lens for $199.95 (lens only) in the Apple Store. (We also like the ExoLens Zeiss Macro lens, but it is no longer for sale.)
Best price/performance: Hitcase Snap
Good quality at a reasonable price Hitcase Snap Macworld rating $49.99 MSRP $49.99 View on Hitcase
The Hitcase Snap costs $50 and includes a iPhone case fitted with a TrueLux Wide Lens, a selfie stick, a tripod mount, a lens cap, and a keychain lens holder. The TrueLux Superwide Lens ($35) and the TrueLux Macro Lens 3x ($25) can be purchased separately.
The wide-angle lens, which seems to be about an 18mm equivalent, is of medium quality. It's remarkably free of chromatic aberration, with colors appearing consistent out to the edges. Photos have a high amount of blurriness outside of a broad central circle of focus.
The macro lens produces images that are less blurry around the edges, and the blurriness is also less noticeable. I don't recommend the super-wide lens, which captures neither the scope of a full fisheye, nor the realism of a wide-angle.
The lenses rotate and snap satisfyingly into place in the case, and are easy enough to remove, but can't be jarred out of place or unscrewed accidentally.
Low-price leader: Olloclip 4-In-1
The 4-In-1 ($80 MSRP, same price on Amazon) has both a 10x and 15x macro lens permanently built into a clip, and screw-on fisheye and wide-angle lens. If you want to take a lot of close-close shots, it's actually fairly stellar, especially when cropped square.
The wide-angle lens has a lot of distortion, and there's surprisingly modest aberration around the edges. Again, cropping square removes many defects.
The fisheye lens uniquely works with both the rear-facing iSight and front-facing FaceTime cameras on an iPhone. It can be useful in capturing an otherwise impossible group shot.
The macro magnification labels appear on the outer fisheye and wide-angle lens rings, so if you unscrew both, you're left testing to figure out which macro lens is which. The macro lens are fixed in place such that it's extremely difficult to clean them.
If you want a compact, versatile solution for images you upload to social media and Instagram, especially of super-close shots of plants, insects, and human artifacts, the Olloclip 4-In-1 fits the bill.
Learn more
To get all the details on our iPhone lens testing, click on a link below.
All of our iPhone lens reviews
What else have we've reviewed? See the list below and click on the product name to get more info. We'll update this list and roundup on a regular basis, so bookmark this article and come back to see what's new.
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: DELAWARE CRIME Delaware man charged in tech fraud scheme | 0:47 Justin David May, a 28-year-old Brandywine A Hundred resident, was indicted by federal authorities in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania last week. Daniel Sato/The News Journal/Wochit 1 of 7 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: DELAWARE CRIME Woman shot during Fox Point carjacking | 0:26 A 20-year-old was shot in her during a carjacking late Thursday night. 1/26/18 William Bretzger & Damian Giletto/The News Journal 2 of 7 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: DELAWARE CRIME BB gun shooter frustrates Claymont residents | 0:41 Residents in several Claymont neighborhoods found their car windows and other property damaged due to someone firing a BB gun. New Castle County police is investigating. 1/25/18 John J. Jankowski Jr. & Damian Giletto 3 of 7 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: DELAWARE CRIME Man arrested in fatal Wilmington stabbing | 0:33 Wilmington police have arrested a man they believe stabbed his girlfriend to death Saturday. It was Wilmington's first homicide this year. 1/22/18 John J. Jankowski Jr. & Damian Giletto 4 of 7 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: DELAWARE CRIME Police arrest 17-year-old in connection with five robberies | 0:36 Police arrest 17-year-old in connection with five robberies Wochit 5 of 7 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: DELAWARE CRIME Edgemoor shooting injures one | 0:24 New Castle County police say a person was injured in a shooting on Polk Dr. 1/18/18 William Bretzger & Damian Giletto/The News Journal 6 of 7 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE PLAYLIST: DELAWARE CRIME Middletown police: Two people shot Wednesday | 0:28 Police said the victims were found in different locations Wednesday afternoon after a report of gunshots on the 100 block of East Lockwood Street. No information has been released on their condition. John Jankowski Jr. / Special to the News Journal 7 of 7 Last VideoNext Video Delaware man charged in tech fraud scheme
Woman shot during Fox Point carjacking
BB gun shooter frustrates Claymont residents
Man arrested in fatal Wilmington stabbing
Police arrest 17-year-old in connection with five robberies
Edgemoor shooting injures one
Middletown police: Two people shot Wednesday
Police lights. (Photo: Stock photo)
The University of Delaware said a 42-year-old woman was found dead at the Innternationale House on the Newark campus Saturday morning.
She was located on Courtney Street, said Andrea Boyle, a spokeswoman for the university.
Emergency personnel said they believe her death was a result of ongoing medical issues, and they do not suspect foul play.
Boyle said the school encourages students who are struggling right now to reach out to counselors, who will be on campus Saturday to assist. The UD Helpline is also available 24 hours a day at (302) 831-1001.
Contact Josephine Peterson at (302) 324-2856 or jhpeterson@delawareonline.com. Follow her on Twitter at @jopeterson93.
More: Seaford man, 26, killed in single-vehicle crash
More: Ryan 'Nazi' Shover found guilty of 2013 murder in Brandywine A Hundred
Read or Share this story: https://www.delawareonline.com/story/news/crime/2018/02/03/woman-found-dead-ud-campus/303782002/
Schalke midfielder Leon #Goretzka's agent Jörg Neubauer is in Munich - for negotiations with Bavaria? [ @Sky_Torben] pic.twitter.com/rLI5q66N7h
In a future without steering wheels, you may wonder what remains for Ferrari, Bugatti, Lamborghini, and other automakers that have built their businesses on driving experience. As it turns out, supercar manufacturers are also eyeing autonomy—just not in the way that passenger-hauling firms like Uber are.
Speaking to Blackbird Automotive, McLaren's design director, Frank Stephenson, imagined a possible future use for self-driving technology in his company's cars:
“The car basically takes you around the track at the right speed, the right RPMs, the right gears, the right line, and you learn through the car showing you the best way. Then you can take over on the next few laps, and if you make a mistake, the car can intervene.”
And that view is shared elsewhere. In an interview with Wired, Lamborghini's chief engineer, Maurizio Reggiani, explains:
“You can give a threshold where you can use the car, starting to have fun, but in a condition that you'll never be scared. This can be a tool for our customers, like having a tutor.”
In other words: autonomous systems in supercars will help rich people with a need for speed crash less often—when they insist on actually driving, that is.
Dianna has been with Warm 106,9 hosting on Sundays since March 2012. She's been on the air in Seattle since 1999, when she moved up from LA to become Music Director/on-air at Smooth Jazz KWJZ. She's also a voice-over artist, passionate about using music for improved well-being, huge animal lover (and vegan), travel enthusiast, and devoted mother to her son Nathaniel.
April 13 Erne Ventures SA:
* Acquires 49 percent of Telehorse for 0.3 million zlotys ($75,194)
* In addition, as part of the letter of intent (LoI) signed with owners of Telehorse, Erne Ventures or affiliated units to invest further 0.5 million zlotys in Telehorse over the next 12 months
* Over the next 12 months it is also planned to transform Telehorse in a joint stock company and list it on a stock exchange
* Telehorse produces video games, it was set up in 2013 Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: ($1 = 3.9897 zlotys) (Gdynia Newsroom)
(Repeats to additional subscribers)
April 6 Hikma Pharmaceuticals Plc:
* Hikma enters into settlement agreement with Jazz
* Enters into settlement agreement with Jazz for sodium oxybate
* Announces that it has entered into a settlement agreement with Jazz Pharmaceuticals Plc
* Settlement that resolves patent litigation related to Jazz's xyrem (sodium oxybate) oral solution, 500mg/ml product
* Under settlement agreement, Jazz will grant Hikma, right to sell an authorised generic of xyrem in US market commencing on 1 Jan 2023 or earlier under certain circumstances
* Initial term of AG arrangement is six months and Hikma has option to extend AG term for up to a total of five years
* Jazz has also granted Hikma a licence to market generic sodium oxybate pursuant to its anda at end of AG term
* Hikma will pay Jazz a royalty on net sales of AG product, but will initially retain a meaningful percentage of net sales
* Royalty rate paid to Jazz will increase should AG term be extended beyond one year
* Specific financial and other terms related to settlement agreement are confidential Source text for Eikon: For statement from Jazz Pharmaceuticals, click on: Further company coverage: (Bangalore.newsroom@thomsonreuters.com)
