Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Paul Fahy will make his final appearance for Evesham United in Saturday's home match against Winchester City.
He is leaving the Southern League Division One West play-off chasers for a new adventure in Finland.
The former Cheltenham Saracens and Slimbridge winger is relocating to Helsinki next Monday to live with his girlfriend, who he met during a club holiday at the end of last season.
Fahy's second campaign at Evesham has been disrupted by injuries, but he has still played his part in another promotion challenge, scoring in a 5-1 away win over Bristol Manor Farm in September.
The 24-year-old has managed to arrange some trips to visit his partner, around his commitments with football and work as a labourer.
And he has already secured a job and is also planning to play football at the highest level possible in his new home country.
Woman sentenced to prison for killing boyfriend in DUI crash
AKRON, Ohio (AP) — An Ohio woman has been sentenced to prison for drunkenly running down her boyfriend with her vehicle and killing him.
The Akron Beacon Journal reports 49-year-old Gloria Lee was sentenced to four years in prison Tuesday after pleading guilty to aggravated vehicular homicide and DUI charges in connection to the death of Darrone Jones.
Police say Jones was walking toward Lee's vehicle in May 2017 in Akron when Lee sped up and hit him. The 57-year-old died at a hospital from his injuries about a month later.
Lee's blood alcohol level at the time of the crash was measured to be 0.198, more than twice the legal limit.
___
Information from: Akron Beacon Journal, http://www.ohio.com
SHARE COPY LINK A recent meeting of the Richland County election commission ended with heated words. One member asked for a police escort to her car. Paul Osmundson
A recent meeting of the Richland County election commission ended with heated words. One member asked for a police escort to her car. Paul Osmundson
May 2 Canada's WestJet Airlines Ltd on Tuesday reported a 45 percent fall in quarterly profit, as higher fuel costs squeezed margins.
The company's net earnings fell to C$48.3 million ($35.4 million), or 41 Canadian cents per share in the first quarter ended March 31, from C$87.6 million, or 71 Canadian cents per share, a year earlier.
Revenue rose 8 percent to C$1.11 billion.
WestJet, Canada's second largest carrier, also said it agreed to buy up to 20 787-9 Dreamliner aircraft from Boeing Co . ($1 = 1.3660 Canadian dollars) (Reporting by John Benny in Bengaluru; Editing by Sai Sachin Ravikumar)
Outlook users with an Amazon Echo can now make the online retailer's assistant go to work for them. Amazon quietly updated Alexa to support Outlook calendars, letting you ask the virtual assistant to add and review events on your Outlook.com calendar.
Further Reading Amazon could debut an Alexa-based speaker with a touchscreen next year Alexa previously supported only Google Calendar integration, but now an Outlook option appears in the Alexa mobile app. You can sync your Outlook account within the Alexa app and then the virtual assistant will be able to tell you events happening that day if you ask "what's on my calendar?" You can also use the command "add an event to my calendar" to create a new scheduled meeting.
Currently, only Google and Outlook calendars are supported; Apple calendar users are still in the dark. You won't have to update any Alexa-enabled devices to use this new feature—just connect your Outlook account with the Alexa app and your information will be available via the virtual assistant.
Amazon has issued a few small yet important updates to Alexa and its devices recently. Last week, for instance, the company pushed a software update to its Alexa-ready Tap portable speakers that let users summon Alexa hands-free. Previously with Tap, you had pressed the microphone button on the device before you could say anything to Alexa. Now users can just call out Alexa's name to wake the assistant up, which puts Tap more in line with Amazon's Echo and Dot devices. One good thing about this feature on Tap is that you can turn it off within the Alexa mobile app if you don't always want it to listen. Amazon claims Tap can get up to eight hours of battery life with hands-free mode turned on, but you can always turn it off or put it into sleep mode by pressing the power button.
[India], July 4 (ANI): Union Minister Dharmendra Pradhan hailed the Central government's decision to hike the minimum support price (MSP) for paddy by Rs 200 per quintal. He said by doing this Prime Minister Narendra Modi has fulfilled his promise to the farmers.
"The Prime Minister has taken a historical step for the farmers of the nation. He has fulfilled the promise he made earlier and has boosted the rural economy of the nation," Pradhan told ANI.
On Wednesday, the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs also approved the increase in MSP of 14 Kharif crops.
The MSP of paddy (common grade) has been increased by Rs 200 to Rs 1,750 per quintal, while that of Grade A variety by Rs 160 per quintal to Rs 1,750. The MSP of medium staple cotton has been increased to Rs 5,150 from Rs 4,020 earlier, and that of long staple cotton to Rs 5,450 from Rs 4,320 per quintal. In pulses, MSP of Tur has been raised to Rs 5,675 per quintal from Rs 5,450, while that of Moong to Rs 6,975 per quintal from Rs 5,575. Urad MSP has been hiked to Rs 5,600 from Rs 5,400 per quintal. Earlier, PM Narendra Modi had assured farmers that the Centre will approve the higher minimum support price for Kharif crops. Paddy is the main Kharif crop, the sowing of which has already begun with the onset of southwest monsoon. (ANI)
× 2016 plot to target New York concerts, landmarks foiled, feds say
NEW YORK — Federal officials on Friday unsealed charges against three men accused of a thwarted plot to attack concert venues and landmarks around New York City, according to court documents — a case that comes on the heels of the mass shooting at a concert in Las Vegas.
The three men allegedly used internet messaging applications to plot bombings and shootings in Times Square, the New York subway and concerts during Ramadan in 2016, according to a news release on the unsealed indictment from the acting US attorney for the Southern District of New York.
Charged in the case are Abdulrahman El Bahnasawy, 19, a Canadian citizen; Talha Haroon, 19, a US citizen living in Pakistan; and Russell Salic, 37, a Philippines citizen, the release said. According to prosecutors, all three have been arrested and El Bahnasawy has already pleaded guilty following his May 2016 arrest. Haroon and Salic have been arrested overseas, and the US is seeking to have them extradited to stand trial here.
El Bahnasawy allegedly traveled to New Jersey to carry out the attacks, purchased bomb-making materials and helped rent a cabin for building the devices, the news release said. Haroon is alleged to have planned to travel from Pakistan to New York to help and met with bomb experts in Pakistan. Salic is charged with wiring money from the Philippines to further the plot.
El Bahnasawy and Haroon allegedly communicated with an undercover officer posing as an ISIS supporter about their plot and declared their allegiance to ISIS in the communications, the release said.
First responders spent today battling an inferno.
A house set ablaze on purpose-- for fire department training.
Jonathan Brannan takes us to the action.
Independent magazine for creative inspiration, free portfolios for creatives and worldwide collective of curated artists, designers and photographers.
All images on our website and magazines are copyrighted by their respective owners.
With the sun still being visible throughout the entire eclipse as seen through Utah, it is critical that anyone looking at the eclipse has a special eclipse viewer through which it's safe to view the sun. A regular pair of sunglasses won't protect viewers' eyes, and no one should look directly at the sun. They are available at the Clark Planetarium and online at rainbowsymphony.com.
You gotta have goals. One man's dedication has earned him the highest U.S. civilian taco award. Yes, there is such a thing.
Local Sioux Falls resident, Chad Birger, rarely misses a Taco Tuesday at Taco John's. As a matter of fact, he rarely misses a Taco Bravo Thursday and Wednesday morning breakfast at the taco joint.
Thanks to his enthusiastic determination, Birger will be awarded the highest U.S. civilian taco award, The Taco John's Taco Trophy, on Tuesday, October 10 at Taco John's on 5100 S. Louise Avenue.
According to a press release, Birger has been a fan of Taco John's since 2005 and rarely misses his weekly trips to the restaurant. Taco John's appreciates Birger's patronage and every Tuesday they give away celebratory mugs for patrons who dine with him in the restaurant.
The presentation ceremony will take place at the South Louise Taco John's at 12:15 PM on Tuesday, October 10.
A state agency on Tuesday announced it is fining an oil and gas company that operates in Cook Inlet for major safety violations.
The Alaska Oil and Gas Conservation Commission (AOGCC) is imposing a $446,000 penalty on Cook Inlet Energy for operating a well with failed safety valve systems. The valves prevent fluid from escaping an oil or gas well and can help guard against a blowout.
The commission reports that in late 2013, a surface safety valve at one of the company's wells failed to work when tested. The company operated the well for 42 days despite the faulty valve.
During a test a few months later a different safety valve also failed. Cook Inlet Energy continued to operate the well for several weeks after that failed test, as well. The commission originally proposed a penalty of more than $800,000, but the fine was reduced after a multi-year review.
The incidents did not harm the public or the environment, the commission reports.
Cook Inlet Energy was a subsidiary of Tennessee-based Miller Energy Resources, both of which filed for bankruptcy in 2015. Cook Inlet Energy has since reorganized and it and its parent company now operate under the name Glacier Oil & Gas.
Glacier Oil & Gas CEO Carl Giesler said the company acknowledges the violations took place. But Giesler, who joined the company after the incidents, said Glacier is now under new leadership that prioritizes safety.
“We are trying to play by not only the spirit, but frankly, the letter of the law,” said Giesler. “The AOGCC is trying to do their job and we're trying to do ours in concert with them.”
“I think we've built a pretty decent track record — I have to say an enviable track record — for the two-plus years this management team has been in place,” Giesler added.
Late last year, Cook Inlet Energy filed an application with the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to drill an exploration well in Cook Inlet. Giesler says the company is also completing four new production wells in Cook Inlet this spring.
Construction industry, meanwhile, is cautiously optimistic about how the project will look
Site C work camp construction nears completion in April 2016. Called Two Rivers Lodge, the camp cost $470 million to build and operate and is a self-contained community with an 800-seat dining room, hair salon, gym, movie theatre and private room accommodations. (B.C. Hydro)
Environmental groups denounced Premier John Horgan as he announced Monday the province would continue to build the Site C dam.
The Wilderness Committee told Black Press they were “massively disappointed” with what they called the NDP's “flip-flopping” on the now-$10.7-billion northern B.C. megaproject.
“We can only come to the conclusion that Horgan was lobbied extensively by some of the construction unions,” said national campaign director Joe Foy.
READ: Site C dam goes ahead, cost estimate now up to $10.7 billion
According to the organization, the Site C dam could flood 83 kilometres of the Peace River from near Fort St. John upstream to Hudson's Hope, contaminating fish stocks, and remove farmland from the Agricultural Land Reserve.
Foy took issue with the province's claim that it would have cost $4 billion to halt the project, as well as Horgan's stance that that money could not be paid back over time.
“We believe that is grossly overestimated,” he said. “All that dam can do, unlike the hole in the ground which just sits there, is lost us hundreds of millions of dollars every year it operates.”
He said the NDP's decision could change B.C.'s political landscape as NDP voters who may feel betrayed move away from the party. Horgan had campaigned earlier this year on a promise to review, not kill, the dam, but he had criticized the BC Liberals' approach to the project in the past.
More lawsuits expected
Court challenges, Foy said, are likely coming both from environmental and First Nations groups.
“I think rolling over First Nations in this way is unacceptable,” he said. “I think we will begin to see the effects of protests.”
Amnesty International called Horgan's decision “a blatant betrayal of his government's commitments to uphold the rights of Indigenous peoples.”
The group called foul on the province's claim that it was too late to stop the project and said the West Moberly and Prophet River First Nations will continue their legal efforts.
‘We are relieved'
Meanwhile, the Independent Contractors and Businesses Association celebrated the thousands of jobs they believe will be kept and created by continuing work on Site C.
Spokesperson Jordan Bateman said all the extra time the NDP government took to have the dam reviewed was unnecessary, only to have Horgan ultimately go forward.
READ: BC Utilities Commission completes Site C report
Bateman said he also doesn't buy the province's new $10.7-billion estimated price tag. When it was approved by the then-Liberal government in 2014, the project was estimated at $8.8 billion.
“You have one analysis done in six weeks that says it could run over budget,” he said. “Frankly, the overruns that the NDP are planning for here are going to be caused by the NDP.”
@katslepian
katya.slepian@bpdigital.ca
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Catalan regional police chief Josep Luis Trapero gets into a car after leaving the national court in Madrid, Spain, Friday, Oct. 6, 2017. Spain's National Court is questioning two senior officers of Catalonia's regional police force and the leaders of two pro-independence civic groups who have been placed under investigation for sedition, a case over preparations for an Oct. 1 referendum on independence. Paul White AP Photo
IT's the house with it all — six bedrooms, a billiard room and a pool — and there were plenty of bidders.
But still the McMansion at 28 Connelly Way, Kellyville , which was the most viewed property in the state on realestate.com.au during the campaign, passed in at today's auction for $2.03 million.
The auction was one of 173 scheduled around Sydney today, the first test of the Sydney property market for 2018. With 115 of the results in by this evening, CoreLogic put the clearance rate at a lacklustre 61.74 per cent. See attached results for the full week across the state.
https://www.realestate.com.au/auction-results/nsw
“Buyers have come back this year looking for bargains ... trying to find blue-chip property at penny prices,” the Ray White Castle Hill agent, Robbie Awad, said.
He had seven registered parties — all upgrading families.
Camera Icon 28 Connelly Way, Kellyville, features a highly desirable pool. Picture: Supplied
Bidding started off at $1.65 million, quickly rising in $50,000 increments up to $1.9 million.
Then there were a range of $25,000, $10,000 and $5000 bids.
There were cheers — and a sigh of relief — when the bidding rose above the $2 million mark.
Auctioneer James Curley managed to extract a few more bids, but the market's verdict failed to meet the vendor's expectations.
The property will now revert to private treaty and Mr Awad said he's had a number of inquiries since the 11am auction.
Camera Icon The Kellyville home has extensive outdoor living areas. Picture: Supplied
There had been no specific price guide offered for the property, but a six-bedroom home in the street had sold for $2.3 million last year. Yet many vendors seem to want the same prices this year, ignoring the fact the market has changed.
Other agents in the neighbourhood are having more success with private treaty sales.
Sunny Gandhi of Murdoch Lee sold a five-bedroom home at 5 Lemonwood Pl, Castle Hill for more than $1.95 million during the week.
Camera Icon 5 Lemonwood Pl, Castle Hill, sold for more than $1.95 million. Picture: Supplied
“We had 75 groups through the home and the owner was very clear — she didn't want an auction.
“But we ended up with six offers on the table and the owners were presented with an offer they couldn't refuse.”
The asking price had been $1.9 million.
He said the result set a record in the neighbourhood, with the buyers a young family coming from Carlingford. They were attracted by the much-respected public school, Castle Hill High.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
The new Ford GT delivers 647 horsepower (482 kilowatts) and comes with a whopping price tag of $500,000 – but not even it can compare to the significance of the vehicle pictured here. This is the first Ford GT40 Roadster ever built, and the last one to remain completely original from the factory. Now it's up for sale.
Available through Classic Driver by way of Girardo & Co., the 1965 GT40 wears an off-white paint job with an appropriate set of blue racing stripes down the middle. It's one of just six roadster prototypes ever built, and the only example that has kept its originality, including its original 4.2-liter V8. It was driven by F1 world champion Jim Clark, and inspected and documented by GT40 expert Ronnie Spain, further cementing its heritage.
Assembly of the GT40 in question kicked off on November 2nd, 1964. It wears the chassis number 108 opposed to the "P" designation found on most production models, and is one of just 12 early prototypes to do so. The chassis is made entirely out of steel, and completed construction in March of 1965.
Along with the off-white and blue exterior, the GT40 wears a set of Borrani wire wheels, 6.5 inches at the front, and eight inches at the rear, wrapped in Goodyear racing tires. The car was tested extensively at Silverstone circuit following its completion, driven by Sir John Whitmore, 1961 British Touring Car champion, and Richard 'Dickie' Attwood, a 1970 Le Mans winner.
The car was later handed over to Shelby American for a few minor repairs, and specifically noted to be used for "temporary importation for test purposes." Eventually the GT40 was brought into the U.S. on a full time basis, and used extensively on the show circuit, making its debut at events like the South Course Concours d'Elegance in Newport Beach, California, and the Detroit Auto Show.
The car was sold in 1969 to its first private owner, George Sawyer of Detroit, and changed hands a number of times following. The GT40 was eventually taken into ownership by John McCaws in 1989, who set about commissioning a substantial mechanical refresh, as well as an inspection by Ronnie Spain. Now, the car is looking to change hands once again. The seller, Girardo & Co., doesn't list a price on its website, but as the old saying goes, if you have to ask…
Source: Classic Driver
BRIEF-Jiayuan International Group updates on contracted sales for Month of May
* For period from 1 May 2017 to 31 May 2017 contracted sales of group was approximately RMB699.0 million Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
A leader of the Arizona teacher strike scheduled for Thursday has urged his colleagues on Twitter to teach political activism to their students and to discuss with them gun control, white supremacy, and anti-capitalism.
Yet, Arizona elementary music school teacher Noah Karvelis states teachers are engaging in the strike because “students deserve better”:
This is why we fight. Our students deserve better! https://t.co/shJGMKL6N8 — Noah Karvelis (@Noah__Karvelis) April 21, 2018
Karvelis, who is heading up the teachers' movement #RedForEd, is a student of “critical pedagogy,” a teaching approach inspired by the Frankfurt School, or critical theory, and other radical philosophies that aim to develop Marxism.
Last November, he recommended to his colleagues the book A Pedagogy of Anticapitalist Antiracism: Whiteness, Neoliberalism, and Resistance in Education by Zachary A. Casey:
This one is a must-read for any teacher, but especially critical pedagogues. One of the best contributions I've come across. 🙌👏🙌👏 pic.twitter.com/grPD5c6Ntl — Noah Karvelis (@Noah__Karvelis) November 28, 2017
Karvelis teaches music – specializing in hip hop – at Tres Rios Service Academy in Tolleson, Arizona. His curriculum vitae states he served as campaign manager to elect Democrat Kathy Hoffman for Arizona Superintendent of Public Instruction and was also a volunteer for Bernie Sanders' presidential campaign.
“Teaching is political and silence is complicity,” he posted to his Twitter account in December 2017. “Things more educators should discuss (especially if they work with young (white) men in the classroom in 2018: gender, feminism, and #MeToo, race, gun violence”:
Things more educators should discuss (especially if they work with young (white) men) in the classroom in 2018: 1. Gender, Feminism, & #MeToo
2. Race
3. Gun Violence Teaching is political and silence is complicity. — Noah Karvelis (@Noah__Karvelis) December 10, 2017
Karvelis's alternate narrative after the Parkland school shooting and the concern about the mental health issues of accused shooter Nikolas Cruz was: “Emphasize gun control; emphasize toxic/violent masculinity; emphasize whiteness/white supremacy”:
Emphasize gun control.
Emphasize toxic/violent masculinity.
Emphasize whiteness/white supremacy. We have to face uncomfortable topics to stop this. https://t.co/b2Ck6ypqDb — Noah Karvelis (@Noah__Karvelis) February 16, 2018
Karvelis uses Black Lives Matter ideology in his teaching which, he tweets, allows him to connect “black identity” to political “activism” for his students:
#BlackLivesMatterAtSchool for our class means 1. Using @kendricklamar and Lauryn Hill to discuss black identity 2. Connecting this identity to activism and 3. Removing my voice as much as possible and letting the students and the culture speak. #HipHopEd — Noah Karvelis (@Noah__Karvelis) February 7, 2018
He cites as an accomplishment of his political activism discussions with his students the fact that “last year students petitioned the gendered school dress code”:
Last year, we studied the intersectionality of Lauryn Hill's life/work. Then, wrote raps centered upon feminist issues. Several of the 8th-grade women then extended the work/consciousness into a petition against the sexism of the school dress code. #HipHopEd — Noah Karvelis (@Noah__Karvelis) February 28, 2018
Connecting Tricia Rose's work on the representation of black women in hip-hop with the lives of young women and the actions of young men can be powerful. Last year students petitioned the gendered school dress code because of Lauryn's example. #HipHopEd — Noah Karvelis (@Noah__Karvelis) February 7, 2018
Karvelis tweeted in March that #RedForEd has allowed him to have discussions with students in his classroom about “workers' rights, labor movements, civil disobedience, and fighting for necessary social change”:
Two personal favorite parts of #RedForEd so far: 1. Seeing educators so empowered. 2. The incredible discussions this has started with my students on workers' rights, labor movements, civil disobedience, and fighting for necessary social change. — Noah Karvelis (@Noah__Karvelis) March 25, 2018
This month, Karvelis gave an interview – while sitting in his public-school classroom with students present – about #RedForEd to Radio Sputnik, which is owned and operated by the Russian government. During the course of the interview, listeners can hear the school bells — which are noted by the host — and Karvelis himself admits students are present in his classroom.
The Daily Beast reported in February that “internal documents show that guests never make it onto [Radio Sputnik's] airwaves without the approval of a state-owned media organ close to Russia President Vladimir Putin.”
“We're seeing Arizona continue to escalate actions,” Karvelis said during the interview, stating that teachers in his state are among the lowest-paid in the nation. “We're organized now, we're mobilized, we have a group of over 40,000 members organized within a group we're calling Arizona Educators United, and we're continuing to take action, formalizing our demands, all sorts of things.”
Anger Management programmes being touted for schools and communities
DPI, Guyana, Friday, October 06, 2017
The current trend of domestic violence and murders are said to be as a result of several factors including depression, early parenting and the manner in which persons are nurtured, relationships that have soured and the lack of anger management control.
This was disclosed by Minister of Public Security Khemraj Ramjattan on Friday. To this end, his ministry is working towards crafting anger management programmes for communities and schools countrywide.
“Anger management might be something we will have to bring to many communities and even teach at schools,” Minister Ramjattan underscored.
As it relates to the tardy response of officers to domestic violence reports, the Public Security Minister disclosed that some policemen are unaware of how to deal with these situations, since they have only been exposed to rudimentary training on the issue.
Minister Ramjattan noted oftentimes persons would make changes to reports of domestic violence, or recant statements, thus causing hesitation and “hamstringing” among officers. “But indeed, every report ought to be investigated, and that is now the instruction,” he emphasised.
Referring to the recent murder of 39-year-old Sergeant, Kennesha Sheriff-Fraser of Number 30 Village, West Coast Berbice, Minister Ramjattan lamented, “It's a terrible thing and our society is bleeding too much, too often and with an intensity these days.”
He explained that as it relates to the recent murder of the police sergeant, there is no record of reports lodged at the station.
“The silence of domestic violence is making it more complicated and then our recruits are not with that capability,” he said.
Minister Ramjattan added while the administration has been equipping the force with additional resources and training, there are plans to implement anger management courses as it relates to domestic violence.
By: Crystal Stoll
Children in Stroud have been warned to be on their guard after a boy was approached by a man in an alley on his way home from school.
Archway School headteacher Colin Belford sent a letter to all parents at the comprehensive, after the incident when the man was reported to have said 'Hello little boy' to the pupil.
Death of brother at just 36 will spur on sister and team of half marathon runners
"Please remind children to be aware of stranger danger on their way to and from school, particularly if they are on their own," Mr Belford wrote in a letter to parents today.
"Yesterday a male student was approached by a man whilst on his way home from school.
"The incident was reported to the police by his parent. We will be reminding students of our advice regarding stranger danger in tutor time next week, and police advice remains that anyone being the victim of inappropriate behaviour should report the matter to them."
A police spokesman said the boy was in an alley near Jack Russell Close yesterday when the incident happened at around 3.30pm.
"A man in the alley said 'Hello little boy' and followed him," said a police spokesman. "The boy carried on walking and went straight home and his parents contacted us. They also went to look for the man but he had gone."
The man, who is believed to have walked off in the opposite direction, was described as 5ft 2in to 5ft 3in tall, aged around 50, with short grey hair, was wearing a grey Regatta-type anorak, and may have been carrying a bag.
Anyone who can help police identify the man should call 101, quoting incident number 312/6/10.
Stranger danger advice is also available on the force's website.
Carleton University's Sprott School of Business will soon have a new $48-million dollar home in the heart of the campus.
Carleton's board of governors officially approved construction of the 100,000-square-foot Nicol Building, named in honour of Ottawa entrepreneur, Tartan Homes founder and Carleton alumnus, the late Wesley Nicol.
“This new building will take the Sprott School of Business to the next level so that we can keep up with rising enrolment and continue to attract outstanding students who will be the leaders of tomorrow,” said Chris Carruthers, chair of the board of governors.
The Nicol family's $10-million donation in 2014 kickstarted the funding for the new building, and Carleton has set aside funds to cover the remaining costs.
The sustainable building design was completed last month by Hariri Pontarini Architects in Toronto. The building will be located on Campus Avenue next to the University Centre, the Architecture Building and the new Health Sciences Building.
Construction is expected to begin in 2018, with the building opening in 2020.
Watch Kevin Hart try to give himself a First Avenue star
Sponsor
Sponsor
When you think of Minneapolis music venue First Avenue, comedian Kevin Hart isn't exactly the first person who comes to mind.
Kevin Hart Presents: Hart of the City, which airs on Comedy Central, follows Hart during a stand-up circuit in cities across America. The Twin Cities were recently featured on season two of the show. As the Star Tribune notes, Hart's Minneapolis episode spotlights Minnesota comedians of color.
To promote this episode, Comedy Central posted a skit on their Facebook page that has Hart attempting to place a star of his own amongst the famed musicians displayed on the exterior of First Avenue.
With Hart standing directly below Prince's gold star, the joke revolves around the fact that Hart is not a musician, therefore he can't qualify for a star. They must not have noticed Dave Chappelle's star. See the full list of First Avenue stars here.
The real reason Hart's not eligible for a star is that he's never actually played First Avenue — but he'll be right across the street at Target Center on Feb. 2 for a stop on “The Irresponsible Tour.”
JOHANNESBURG - President Cyril Ramaphosa will lead a South African delegation to the 10th Extraordinary Summit of Heads of State and Government of the African Union (AU) in Kigali, Rwanda, the Presidency said on Monday.
The 10th Extraordinary Summit of Heads of State and Government of the AU is scheduled to take place on Wednesday, and the theme under which its Summits will be held, is: "Winning the Fight against Corruption: A Sustainable Path to Africa's Transformation".
The AU session will be preceded by an extraordinary session of the executive council from March 18 - 19, to consider the African Continental Free Trade Area (AfCFTA) legal instruments and launch the agreement establishing the African Continental Free Trade Area.
The Summit is expected to consider and conclude issues related to the AfCFTA and adopt the Agreement on the Establishment of the AfCFTA.
Leaders of Africa's 55 countries will make history when they come together to sign an agreement that will launch the African Continental Free Trade Area (the AfCFTA). The AfCFTA will make the continent the largest free trade area created since the formation of the World Trade Organisation.
Moussa Faki, the chairperson of the AU Commission says the AfCFTA will also strengthen Africa's position in global trade.
"AfCFTA will make Africa one of the largest economies in the world and enhance its capacity to interact on equal terms with other international economic blocs," Faki said.
South Africa is committed to the establishment of an AfCFTA that will boost intra-Africa trade in accordance with the aspirations of the AU's Agenda 2063.
The Presidency said that Ramaphosa will be accompanied by the Minister of International Relations and Cooperation, Lindiwe Sisulu, Minister of Trade and Industry, Rob Davies and Deputy Minister of Trade and Industry, Gratitude Magwanishe.
African News Agency/ANA
IT CAN BE a lonely crusade, this golf business. Travelling the world playing professionally ought to be the dream, but, beneath the surface, it can quickly unravel.
Talent will only bring you so far, because at the top level it is a game which requires incredible mental fortitude, and the ability to pick yourself back up off the canvas more often than you find yourself standing on top of it.
Gavin Moynihan will compete at his sixth Irish Open this week. Source: Ross Kinnaird
Gavin Moynihan has experienced his fair share of knockout blows during his rookie season on the European Tour having struggled to find form and consistency, leading to a run of results which has chipped away at his confidence and left him searching for a spark to ignite his faltering campaign.
A tie for sixth place at the SSE Scottish Hydro Challenge last month broke a sequence of 14 consecutive missed cuts across the European and Challenge Tours, and opened his account for the year with a cheque for €7,300.
It has been a steep learning curve.
Victory at the GolfSixes event alongside Paul Dunne in May had provided a brief reprieve, and a considerable boost for his bank account in the form of €100,000 payday, but the cut-throat nature of life on Tour has been a real eye-opener for the 23-year-old.
“When you're missing those cuts, it's never nice,” he tells The42. “It did get me down a bit a few months ago.”
The thing about golf is that it can offer you an olive branch of confidence one week, and snap it just as quickly the next.
Moynihan has already endured those highs and lows, the fleeting moments of self-assurance only to find himself back at square-one again.
He came out of nowhere to finish tied for 14th at last year's Irish Open in Portstewart, carding a stunning final-round 64 on the links having received a sponsor's invite three days beforehand.
It was a major fillip, not just because he left €85,000 richer, but because he was able to channel and lean on the confidence gained from such an encouraging performance to win a European Tour card for this season via the unforgiving Qualifying School system.
After a couple of hit-and-miss years in the pro ranks, it was the big moment Moynihan had waited for, but eager to get going he launched straight into a busy, and demanding, schedule over the Christmas and New Year period.
“This year probably has been the toughest,” he admits. “I didn't really have any time off. I played seven or eight weeks in a row then I got two weeks off for Christmas and I was gone again. That was a bit new and it does take getting used to.”
It was a tough start. T120, T100, T130, T70, T114, T135, T90, T134, T126, T96, 88, 156, T90, T90. No weekends, no cheques, no fun. And then doubts reverberate, you question yourself, you question your swing, you question everything.
The 23-year-old during today's practice round at Ballyliffin. Source: Ross Kinnaird
Moynihan became all too familiar with the fine margins between success and failure because as difficult as those results are to read over, he always felt he was never too far away.
But it just wasn't happening.
Perhaps it was his inexperience, or a chink in his mental armour, but a momentary lapse in concentration, or a poor decision, or poor shot, began to define his rounds. 70s were turning into 75s, positions of promise were turning into positions of frustration and it became a mental challenge more than anything else.
Every golfer knows it's so easily done, but at the top it's the difference between sinking and staying afloat. And Moynihan was struggling to find his feet when the world was moving at a million miles an hour around him.
“It has been an eye-opener, and looking back it's just one or two holes every round that were killing me,” he continues. “I was making doubles from nowhere or getting a plugged lie in the bunker and making a triple or missing putts.
“It's not that I've been playing particularly badly, it's just one hole — the standard is so high, one hole will do you in. Last week in Scotland I played lovely, it was the first time I've had four solid rounds and it was nice to get a bit of confidence there. Just mentally it was good for me really.
“It's really never nice missing cut after cut but I knew my game wasn't far away. I just needed one round to trigger something and hopefully that week in Scotland can do that. Golf can be one round or one tournament that gets you back on track and hopefully that's the case now.”
The hope was that his victory for Ireland alongside good friend Dunne would be the catalyst for a surge in form, but he struggled to replicate that level of performance the following week as he missed another cut in Austria.
Back on the canvas again.
With a stacked schedule ahead, including a sixth Irish Open appearance this week, Moynihan made the decision to take 10 days off before his last event in Scotland and enjoy a break from the sport. He needed it.
The Malahide native didn't use the time out of competition to work on his swing, or search for incremental improvements on the range in the hope it would translate onto the course, but instead put the clubs away and didn't touch them for that 10-day period. To clear his head.
He then pitched up at the Macdonald Spey Valley Golf Club, played nine holes on the Tuesday, the pro-am on the Wednesday and then produced the best and most consistent golf since his success at Q-School the previous November.
“It was the best thing I did,” he laughs. “It just shows you.”
It would be somewhat ironic if the story of Moynihan's season paradoxically turned for the better because he scaled things back, or essentially stopped caring so much.
That's his approach this week, anyway.
Moynihan won the GolfSixes event with Paul Dunne back in May. Source: Getty Images
Not that he doesn't care, but a last-minute invite to join the field at Ballyliffin means it is very much bonus territory for the world number 465, who is hoping to seize this opportunity ahead of a crucial period which will see him vie to retain his Tour card for next season.
With the eyes of the home support on the likes of Rory McIlroy, Shane Lowry and Pádraig Harrington, Moynihan is happy to go under the radar again and play with the freedom a late invite brings. There is no pressure, no expectations.
“It's always a fun week, and this will be my sixth Irish Open as I played three as an amateur,” he says. “I've played nicely the last two years and I'm relaxed and just going to enjoy it.
“I'll obviously be nervous but it's a win-win for me. I have been struggling a bit this year so it's a chance to try and just have a good week at home. It was good to show a bit of form in Scotland and I'm just glad to be here.
“I only found out three days before last year that I was playing and finished top 15 so it'll be fairly relaxed again. If I have a good week, great but if I don't it's one of those things, I'm not going to be too stressed over it.”
He adds: “I'm not expecting anything, and I think that's a good space to be in. Last year I expected nothing because I played nicely the first few days and had a good Sunday, so it's just the same approach this week. I'm starting to hit the ball a bit better and I'm looking forward to it which is good.”
After giving up hope of an invite and then only finding out he would be playing at the back-end of last week, Moynihan wasn't able to secure accommodation along with the other Irish players, but will instead stay with a family friend who is a member of Ballyliffin and lives 10 minutes from the course.
It is an ideal situation, he says, as familiar faces and surroundings have helped make it a relaxed and low-key build-up to Thursday's first round, as he prepares to tee off alongside Canadian Austin Connelly and Dean Burmester of South Africa at 12.50pm.
Moynihan is one of several young Irish golfers afforded the chance to gain further experience at such a high-profile event this week, with the likes of Cormac Sharvin, Ruaidhri McGee and Neil O'Briain also among the field.
While the last seven months have been challenging, big things have always been expected of Moynihan and he stood out from the rest by winning the Irish amateur championship either side of victory at the Scottish amateur during his formative years.
A promising hurler and footballer with St Patrick's in Donabate, he reluctantly gave up both to concentrate on golf in secondary school and it soon became obvious that he had the talent to forge a professional career for himself.
“Golf wasn't in my family,” he explains. “My Dad played a bit and my Grandad socially but nothing serious. My Dad brought me up to the local course in Donabate when I was seven and I caddied for him. Then I started playing and got lessons from Hugh Jackson [who finished eighth at the 1970 Open at St Andrew's].”
Moynihan became the youngest home winner of the Irish amateur open at the age of 17 and after completing his Leaving Certificate, continued to add to his impressive CV whilst studying at the renowned University of Alabama. As the years rolled by, so too did the accolades.
Moynihan is hoping to replicate his performance at last year's Irish Open. Source: Ross Kinnaird
He top-scored for Europe at the Junior Ryder Cup in Chicago in 2012, helped Great Britain and Ireland to Walker Cup success in 2013 and 2015 and then turned pro in 2015.
“When you win those tournaments, you know you're good enough. The likes of Shane and Paul [McGinley] tell you; if you're winning those big amateur events, you can make it as a pro.”
A technically-brilliant short game is often cited as one of Moynihan's strengths, but his level-headed temperament, laid-back demeanour and general golfing intelligence cannot be overlooked in his rise up the ranks either.
Even when results haven't been going his way, Moynihan has maintained that composure and in his assessment of the season to date, knows he is getting closer to hitting his straps and performing the way he — and everyone — knows he can.
“I don't really say to myself I have to finish top 10 this week, or top 20 this week. I just go in relaxed and whatever happens, happens. I'm not really one to set goals. Just enjoy the new challenge and see how it goes because I know I'm good enough, it's just getting over that line and putting a few good rounds together. I feel my game is coming along nicely.”
After this week, the focus will mainly be on the Challenge Tour as he bids to climb the rankings — currently 110th — and retain his card for 2019 without having to go back to Q-School.
“If I can produce some consistent golf, I'll fly up the rankings like I did last year,” he says.
“That's my goal; just to find consistency in my game and if I can do that, I feel I can get my Tour card for next year no problem. It's close, I know it.”
As for this week in Donegal. It wouldn't be a bad place to kickstart his season, and pro-career.
“Yeah, it'd be nice to play well,” he smiles. “The big thing I took from last year is that I can compete with the big lads. I always believed it but when you do it, it's a big thing.
“I'll just go out, play golf and see what happens. I've nothing to lose.”
The42 is on Instagram! Tap the button below on your phone to follow us!
Amazon added a new delivery location to the ever-growing number of spots it can leave your packages: inside your car. The company announced an expansion of its Amazon Key in-home delivery service that now lets Prime members get packages deposited in their cars at no extra cost. The service is available today in 37 cities across the country for Prime members with eligible vehicles and active subscriptions to connected car services.
The in-car delivery service only requires the Amazon Key app and a car of recent vintage. Before placing an order on Amazon, Prime members can choose the "in-car" delivery option at checkout. On the day of delivery, customers can check if their car is parked in-range of the delivery location in the Amazon Key app.
Before couriers gain access to the customer's car, Amazon uses an "encrypted authentication process" to make sure the right courier is present in the right location with the right package. After authorization, the car is unlocked so the courier can deliver the package inside. As with most Amazon delivery services, customers receive alerts when a package is about to be delivered and after the package has been left in their car.
Remote unlock
No special, one-time access codes are required for in-car delivery, as the car is remotely unlocked at the time of delivery and then immediately locked afterward. Amazon does this through the user's connected-car service that's paired with the Amazon Key app. Currently, compatible 2015 or newer Chevrolet, Buick, GMC, and Cadillac vehicles with active OnStar accounts can receive in-car deliveries, as can 2015 or newer Volvo vehicles with active Volvo On Call accounts.
Services like OnStar and On Call have had the power to remotely unlock cars for years, which comes in handy when drivers panic after realizing they've locked themselves out of their vehicles. Now, a feature like that can be used to make a customer's day more convenient in addition to helping out when a situation turns dire. Those who spend a lot of time at work but aren't allowed to get personal mail in their office could use their cars as a secure delivery receptacle.
But anything associated with Amazon Key will raise eyebrows if the word "secure" is uttered. Launched at the end of the last year, Amazon Key began as an in-home delivery service that allows Amazon couriers to drop off packages inside your home using a special security camera and smart lock hardware. Many customers were skeptical about allowing a stranger into their home, and some will likely feel the same way about giving a stranger access to their vehicles.
However, users may be more open to trying in-car delivery than the alternative. Users may have more peace of mind knowing that OnStar, On Call, and other services can restrict unlocking to only one part of the car (like the trunk), limiting the access that a courier has. There's also precedent for such a service: in 2015, Audi teamed up with Amazon and DHL to offer in-car deliveries in Munich, Germany to a select number of Audi drivers. The success of that program likely encouraged Amazon to give a similar service a shot in the states.
In general, there appears to be less of a stigma around giving a delivery person access to your car as opposed to your home. That mental and societal distinction between home and car has given companies leeway to experiment with convenience programs that require remote access to vehicles. In 2016, Volvo announced a trial concierge service that allows Bay Area S90 and XC90 owners to get their cars refueled, serviced, or valeted through a smartphone app. Using a one-time access code, car owners can give authorized personnel access to their vehicles for a limited time so the customers can go about their day while someone else fills up the gas tank, gets the car serviced, and more.
Amazon is determined to give Prime customers as many perks as possible, and the company keeps trying new ways of securely dropping off packages. In-car delivery is just another way for Amazon to make its overall delivery system faster and more convenient. With more delivery options comes more customers willing to shop on Amazon, knowing that they can get their package quickly and securely no matter where they are.
From Florida, across Alabama, Mississippi and into Louisiana, early explorers established what is now America.
Through time, people traveled by boat, horse, rails and by the 20th century automobiles.
A new book details what became known as the Old Spanish trail.
The meetings will bring US President Donald Trump's administration together with Asian officials for the first time since Vice President Mike Pence said “the era of strategic patience” with North Korea "is over."
The South Korean Ministry of Defense announced the meetings on Monday as saber-rattling continues over Pyongyang, which views war games by Seoul and Washington as a dress rehearsal to invade the North. The discussions will entail “various ways of cooperation” between the three military allies, South Korea's Yonhap News reported Monday.
© AP Photo/ Ahn Young-joon Apocalypse Sooner: South Korea Speeds Up Preparation of Ballistic Arsenal
Currently in Seoul to meet with acting South Korean President Hwang Kyo-ahn, US Vice President Pence is slated to visit Tokyo, Jakarta and Sydney on a tour through the Western Pacific. In addition to the military delegation, the US has relocated two more aircraft carriers to join the USS Carl Vinson and the US Navy's First Carrier Strike Group.
The carriers, the USS Ronald Reagan and USS Nimitz, will make their way into the Sea of Japan by next week, Sputnik reported Monday.
From Beijing's perspective, even though nuclear chaos was not unleashed over the weekend, the Korean Peninsula remains "highly sensitive" and poses "high risk" to regional and possibly global security, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said on Monday. Any "provocative" action could "pour oil on the fire," Lu said.
At the DTT, officials may discuss the results of recent drills held in preparation for the threat of North Korea launching a nuclear projectile. On April 13, Sputnik noted that Japan was sending its helicopters to the USS Carl Vinson to practice landing and communication drills. On Sunday, US National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster said Washington was exploring all options "to try to resolve this peacefully," referring to hostilities near North Korea.
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov noted that North Korea's "reckless nuclear and missile actions' are unacceptable and violated international law, but that Washington should refrain from unilateral actions "in the same way by using force," referencing Pence's hawkish comment that the US might strike pre-emptively instead of playing the waiting game, Sputnik reported Monday.
All they have is a photo from the 1970s, a nickname, and social media – but the veterans from one Vietnam War platoon are hoping that will be enough to track down the buddy they called “Louisiana.”
Posting from her husband's Vietnam reunion earlier this month, Susan Waldrop Garvin posted the photo of the man, taken in 1970 or 1971 when his friends estimate he was 18 to 20 years old, and what his buddies remembered about him: his dark curly hair, the necklace he wore along with his dog tags, the fact that he had so many nicknames they don't even know if they ever knew his real name—and that, due to his main nickname, they think he may have hailed from Louisiana.
“He was a grunt on the ground in Vietnam. ARMY infantry; D Company; 2/8th CAVALRY; Range platoons in Vietnam,” she wrote, pleading for anyone who might recognize him to come forward
The post also included a video (viewed more than 170, 000 times so far, Garvin says) of three of his buddies talking about how much they miss him and want to track him down.
Garvin's husband Jim, who took the photograph, says he takes it to every reunion he attends and everyone remembers Louisiana, but no one has been able to identify him. That post has been shared more than 130,000 times, and Garvin has made subsequent posts as news organizations have picked up the story.
“We just remember that the picture represents the beautiful grin that he had almost all the time,” Jim Garvin tells WBRZ. To WWL-TV, he adds that Louisiana was “a very jovial and lighthearted person and kind of lifted the spirits of the rest of the troops.” ”
He was just a very happy-go-lucky, very positive individual,” he tells NBC DFW. He adds that attending reunions can be “healing” for vets, and he hopes Louisiana can make it to one.
More From Newser
At a cost of thousands of dollars per pound, truffles are an expensive food. The fungi are prized for their distinctive aroma, and many foods claim truffles or their aromas as ingredients. But some of these foods may actually contain a much less pricey synthetic truffle compound. To help detect food fraud, researchers report in Analytical Chemistry that they have developed a technique that discriminates between these natural and synthetic compounds.
White truffles (Tuber magnatum Pico) are the most valuable species of the fungus, and researchers have previously identified bis(methylthio)methane as the key compound responsible for white truffle aroma. Synthetic bis(methylthio)methane, produced from petrochemicals, has been approved by the World Health Organization as a food additive, yet some foods made with this cheaper compound may still command a premium price if consumers believe that they contain authentic white truffles. Current methods cannot reliably discriminate between natural and synthetic bis(methylthio)methane. To help fight food fraud, Luigi Mondello and colleagues wanted to develop a new approach.
The researchers exploited the differences in carbon isotope ratios between plant- and petroleum-derived versions of bis(methylthio)methane. After optimizing the technique of multidimensional gas chromatography coupled to combustion-isotope ratio mass spectrometry, they used the method to compare the carbon isotope ratios of bis(methylthio)methane from 24 genuine white truffles harvested at different locations in Italy, two commercial intact truffles and 14 commercial samples of foods flavored with truffles or truffle aroma. The approach could clearly discriminate foods that contained synthetic truffle aroma or a mixture of synthetic and natural aromas, and it could distinguish among products containing white truffle and those containing other species of the fungus. The researchers conclude that the improved technique can help validate foods that claim to contain truffles or natural truffle aroma.
###
The abstract that accompanies this study is available here.
The American Chemical Society, the world's largest scientific society, is a not-for-profit organization chartered by the U.S. Congress. ACS is a global leader in providing access to chemistry-related information and research through its multiple databases, peer-reviewed journals and scientific conferences. ACS does not conduct research, but publishes and publicizes peer-reviewed scientific studies. Its main offices are in Washington, D.C., and Columbus, Ohio.
To automatically receive news releases from the American Chemical Society, contact newsroom@acs.org.
Follow us on Twitter | Facebook
WOOLWORTHS is said to be aisles ahead of its competitors after analysts forecast the Australian supermarket giant's sales would continue to grow for the next two years.
Citi analysts upgraded their outlook for Woolworths as their shares hit their highest level in more than two years yesterday.
Woolworths experienced an intraday high of $27.75 on Friday and closed at $27.70 — the highest they have been since October 2015, while Coles owner Wesfarmers traded in a narrow range around the $44 mark.
A note written by Citi retail analysts Bryan Raymond and Craig Woolford has said that Woolworths is now likely to maintain the lead in crucial like-for-like sales growth over the next 24 months.
Since the second quarter of 2016/17, Woolworths' sales have been growing at a faster pace than Coles — a major sign it is winning customers over after pouring more than $1 billion into lowering prices and boosting customer services.
Camera Icon A shopper entering a Woolworths supermarket at Christmas, one of its busiest times. Picture: Supplied, Supplied.
“The momentum in the Australian grocery industry remains clearly with Woolworths,” the note said.
“Coles and Aldi (on the eastern seaboard) are generating limited like-for-like sales growth as independents continue to decline.”
Citi has forecast Woolworths' like-for-like sales to grow by 4.2 per cent for the full-year, ahead of its 1.0 per cent forecast for Coles.
They also expect Woolworths to deliver double-digit earnings growth in the current financial year — and in the 2019 and 2020 financial years — as grocery earnings margins return to normal levels and the group's discount department store Big W returns to break even.
Mr Raymond also said online sales were growing for Woolworths, adding about 2.7 per cent of its sales this year compared to two per cent at Coles.
“Woolworths has prioritised online as a long-term growth strategy while Coles has attempted to grow the channel profitably,” Mr Raymond said.
Camera Icon ALDI is refurbishing its. (AAP Image/David Swift) Picture: News Corp Australia
Citi's note comes as Aldi Australia told News Corp Australia that its expansion will continue across the nation this year, as it opens 32 new stores in nearly every state.
But contrary to its rivals Coles and Woolworths, it would not be investing in setting up an online shopping website, click and collect, After Pay or home delivery service in Australia.
An Aldi spokesman told News Corp Australia that they are focused on delivering the “best possible in-store experience”.
“We constantly review our business operations and processes to ensure we continue to deliver exceptional value to our customers,” he said.
“This includes eliminating many of the costly extras associated with traditional supermarkets.”
The news about Aldi comes as UBS analysts Ben Gilbert and Aryan Norozi cut their profit forecasts for Coles based on feedback from suppliers in the investment bank's latest supermarket survey.
Camera Icon Coles staff at the Coomera City Centre in Queensland. Picture: Supplied
UBS cut its profit forecast for Coles by 3 per cent in 2018 and 6 per cent in 2019 and forecast that its earnings are unlikely to recover in the June-half.
They say Coles has “lost its way” and needs to change its strategy or facing falling further behind Woolworths.
They said prices at Coles and Woolworths were not a problem. They were actually “broadly on par” with each other.
However, Coles' staff calibre and morale were much lower than Woolworths. It also ranked lower on its quality of produce, shopping experience, customer service and branding
“Coles' strategy has become reactionary, with an over-reliance on price-based promotions and not enough focus on other value measures (including quality), albeit this is changing,” their research note said.
“Staff calibre and morale are near all-time survey lows, customer-facing metrics (such as on-shelf availability and promotions) are deteriorating and its marketing strategy is not as effective.”
Camera Icon Woolworths and Coles continue their supermarket war. Picture: AAP
“We believe Coles needs to shift its strategy, which will likely require further incremental (operating expenditure and capital expenditure) investment,” it said.
The survey conducted among more than 2000 of Coles' 45 suppliers is conducted twice a year. It rates Coles and Woolworths on 26 topics including on-shelf availability of products, marketing, promotions, price, quality of fresh food, store presentation, strategy and tactics, culture and staff morale.
Camera Icon Coles supermarkets have slashed their prices of fruit and vegetables. Picture: News Corp Australia, Toby Zerna
But the UBS report warned that Coles should not be modelling itself too closely on Aldi either.
“Suppliers have commented to us that Coles' focus on cutting range and price and growing private label is seeing the model shift away from (Woolworths) and towards discounters (Aldi).
“The discounter model is not one cole and Woolworths can compete head to head on (per UK experience) given the higher cost-structure.”
Instead, UBS said that Coles and Woolworths should be focusing on differentiation through evolving ranges (organics, ready-made, health food), offers and clearer messages that are resonating with shoppers.
The Indianapolis Colts announced on Tuesday that wide receiver Reggie Wayne will be inducted into the team's Ring of Honor at Lucas Oil Stadium on Nov. 18 during the club's game against the Tennessee Titans.
Wayne resides in 10th place in NFL history in both receptions (1,070) and receiving yards (14,345). The six-time Pro Bowl selection also had 82 touchdowns while playing in a franchise-best 211 career games over 14 seasons (2001-14) since being selected by Indianapolis with the 30th overall pick of the 2001 NFL Draft.
"I'm blessed to be in there, man. It's the elite of the elite in Colts history," Wayne said in a recent interview with NFL.com. "You see, I'm finally cemented into Indianapolis - the state of Indiana. I'm in there. No taking me out."
Wayne recorded 43 100-yard receiving games and was a member of the Colts' Super Bowl XLI championship team following the 2006 season. He sparkled in the postseason, catching 93 balls for 1,254 yards with nine touchdowns in 21 games.
"No one is more of a true Colt than Reggie Wayne," Colts owner Jim Irsay said in a statement in February. "He embodies everything about the Horseshoe and is much beloved by Colts fans everywhere.
"He was also one of the greatest players in NFL history, and chants of 'REG-GIE, REG-GIE' will forever echo through our stadium along with memories of many amazing catches and exciting plays. I could not be more proud and honored to induct Reggie Wayne into the Colts Ring of Honor."
Wayne will become the 15th honoree in the Ring of Honor, joining owner Robert Irsay (1996), wide receiver Bill Brooks (1998), head coach Ted Marchibroda (2000), offensive lineman Chris Hinton (2001), quarterback Jim Harbaugh (2005), "Colts Nation" (2007), head coach Tony Dungy (2010), wide receiver Marvin Harrison (2011), running back Edgerrin James (2012), running backs Eric Dickerson and Marshall Faulk (2013), center Jeff Saturday (2015), general manager Bill Polian (2016) and quarterback Peyton Manning (2017).
VILNIUS (Sputnik) —According to the ministry, ground forces, special operation forces and military police will join NATO missions.
"About 400 Lithuanian troops with arms and military equipment will begin their service in NATO Response Force (NRF), NATO Very High Readiness Joint Task Force (VJTF). Lithuanian troops will also join the newly reorganized UK-led Joint Expeditionary Force (JEF)," the statement read.
© AFP 2016/ JANEK SKARZYNSKI Over Dozen States to Contribute to Four NATO Battalions in Baltics, Poland
The JEF is comprised of seven countries, Denmark, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, the Netherlands, Norway and the United Kingdom and was created to deal with crises.
In the end of December 2016, Lithuanian Defense Minister Raimundas Karoblis said Lithuania was aiming to spend on defense more than the minimum required by NATO, which is 2 percent of the country's GDP, and set 2.2 or 2.4 percent as a goal.
In 2016, NATO increased military presence on the border with Russia, in Baltic countries, including Lithuania. The Kremlin has repeatedly stressed that Moscow was not a threat, but would have to respond to actions that are potentially dangerous to its security.
Dallas Cowboys Owner Jerry Jones, says that President Trump told him the anthem issue “is a very strong, winning issue” for him, and that he was not going to let it go.
The comments come as the first transcripts from Jones' testimony in the Kaepernick collusion case become public.
According to the Wall Street Journal's Andrew Beaton, Trump told Jones, “This is a very winning, strong issue for me. Tell everybody, you can't win this one. This one lifts me.”
Without confirming or denying the quote, a White House official told Beaton, “The majority of the American people agree with the president, love our country, love our flag and believe it should be respected.”
While the quote from Jerry Jones' telephone conversation with Trump is news, the fact that the president was a force in the NFL's decision to alter its anthem policy, is not news.
Last week, several NFL executives told Sports Illustrated's Albert Breer that Trump played a significant role in the decision to change the rule.
While the NFL refuses to comment on whether Trump's non-stop attacks on the anthem protesters contributed to the rule change, some players think it did.
Baltimore Ravens tight end Benjamin called the rule change a “capitulation” to the President.
“It has been the unfettered venomous attacks from the most powerful office in our republic that has widened the divide, stifled attempts at understanding and in a twist of irony led to the recent capitulation of several NFL owners to move from tepid support to creating a new policy forcing players and personnel present on the sidelines in pregame to stand,” Watson wrote on his Facebook page.
Eagles defensive end Chris Long believes making players stand for the National Anthem isn't something you do in a free country.
“This is not supposed to be a country, where you are forced to do things you don't want to do,” Long said. “This is a free country.”
But while it's a free country, it's also a country with free-market economy, and while the President might have had some impact on the new rule, economics likely were a bigger factor.
Beaton reports that three owners – Jones, Miami's Stephen Ross and Houston's Bob McNair believe the protests were hurting the NFL fiscally.
Indianapolis Colts COO Pete Ward recently admitted that anthem protests hurt their season-ticket renewals.
Now, it's possible Trump's constant attacks of the protesting players led some people to watch and attend fewer games. He could have contributed to some in his base boycotting the NFL, with tweets like this from September, “If a player wants the privilege of making millions of dollars in the NFL, or other leagues, he or she should not be allowed to disrespect…. … …our Great American Flag (or Country) and should stand for the National Anthem. If not, YOU'RE FIRED. Find something else to do!”
So the new rule could have been driven by lost profits, Trump or both.
RICHLAND, Wash. - In the future, public health workers could monitor trends on social media to quickly identify a rise of influenza, depression or other health issues in a specific area, thanks to research at the Department of Energy's Pacific Northwest National Laboratory.
Public health trends on social media are more nuanced than looking for spikes of "I feel sick" or "flu." To truly tap this source of public data, researchers at PNNL sought to understand patterns of how people behave differently on social media when they are sick. The researchers uncovered the expression of opinion and emotion as a potential signal on Twitter, as reported in the journal EPJ Data Science.
"Opinions and emotions are present in every tweet, regardless of whether the user is talking about their health," said Svitlana Volkova, a data scientist at PNNL and lead author of the study. "Like a digital heartbeat, we're finding how changes in this behavior relate to health trends in a community."
From millions of anonymous tweets, a digital heartbeat
At a time when corporations mine information from social media accounts for targeted advertising and financial gain, researchers at PNNL asked how they could use this data to benefit the public. One of those areas is public health. It takes health workers weeks to discover influenza trends the traditional way: by monitoring how many sick people visit clinics. By discovering trends in real time, social media could be the game-changing solution public health workers have been looking for.
But can tweets replace a health exam for detecting a rise in the flu or other health threats? Volkova's research suggests so.
The research team studied 171 million tweets from users associated with the U.S. military to determine if the opinions and emotions they express reflect visits to the doctor for influenza-like illnesses. They compared military and civilian users from 25 U.S. and 6 international locations to see if this pattern varies based on location or military affiliation.
For privacy, the tweets used in this study were anonymized. The goal of the research is to discover generalized public health trends, not diagnose the health status of individual users.
Overall, they found how people behave significantly varies by location and group. For example, tweets from military populations tend to contain more negative and less positive opinions, as well as increased emotions of sadness, fear, disgust and anger. This trend is true regardless of health.
The baseline is fuzzy, and that should be no surprise. People behave differently based on the world immediately around them. To that end, the researchers identified location-dependent patterns of opinion and emotion that correlate with medical visits for influenza-like illnesses. And a general trend did appear: Neutral opinions and sadness were expressed most during high influenza-like illness periods. During low illness periods, positive opinion, anger and surprise were expressed more.
Next, the research team will study whether these behaviors can be used to predict a change in health trends before they happen. If this method works in real time, public health workers could look into the future by asking "How are your tweets feeling?"
###
This research was funded by the Defense Threat Reduction Agency.
Researchers at Pacific Northwest National Laboratory assigned more than 171 million anonymous tweets an opinion and emotion, such as "positive" and "joy." When visits to a certain health clinics for flu-related illnesses rose, the researchers found that opinion and emotion expressed by Twitter users in those regions also changed. Health workers could one day use this method to get real-time information about health trends.
Jake Bentley talks fashion and yoga
USC quarterback Jake Bentley, expounds on fashion, bow ties, conditioning and yoga on the "red carpet" at the 2017 Gamecock Gala that was held at Colonial Life Arena Monday for the student-athletes.
5 Surprise Romantic Getaways In The USCelebrate Valentine's Day or any other romantic occasion by visiting any of these five American destinations.
America's 5 Best Comfort Food SpotsFive of the nation's traditional and very special places where comfort foods are served. Diners find such menu favorites as steak and potatoes, mac and cheese, burgers and fries, and old fashioned baked pies.
Take A Trip Back In Time To See The BeatlesIn the English city where they were born and rose to fame, tourists can take a trip back in time to meet "The Beatles."
Best Tropical Destinations For Travelers On A BudgetA closer look at five of the best tropical or subtropical destinations in the world for the budget-minded traveler.
April 28 Virtus Investment Partners Inc
* Virtus investment partners announces financial results for the first quarter 2017
* Q1 earnings per share $1.62
* Q1 adjusted earnings per share $1.16
* Virtus investment partners inc- assets under management of $48.0 billion at March 31, 2017 increased $2.7 billion, or 6 percent, from december 31, 2016
* Qtrly revenues $79.8 million versus $80.3 million
* Qtrly revenues, as adjusted $64.7 million versus $62.4 million
* Q1 earnings per share view $1.62, revenue view $69.6 million -- Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Germany's top court on Monday rejected a Muslim woman's request to suspend a ban on driving while wearing a face veil.
The woman had argued that the face veil ban for drivers violated her religious freedom.
The Karlsruhe-based court found the woman, who has worn the niqab for seven years, failed to explain how the law violated her religious freedom or why she faced harm driving unveiled.
Read more: Europe's top court upholds Belgian full-face veil ban
Recent change to traffic rules
According to traffic laws, drivers must have "unhindered all-around visibility" in order to protect other drivers and may "not cover up or obscure their face so that it is no longer recognizable."
The law, which was approved in September last year, also aims to help police identify and prosecute drivers for traffic violations.
Read more: German Bundesrat approves 'burqa ban' for drivers, beefs up road-race sanctions
The decision means the woman won't be able to complete her driver's license, because she cannot finish the required driving lessons or do the test. The woman said she needed the driver's license because she is a single mother and lives in a rural area.
Burqa, hijab or niqab? What is she wearing? Hijab Most Islamic scholars agree that the hijab, which covers the head and neck, and comes in any number of shapes and colors, must be worn by Muslim women. American teen Hannah Schraim is seen wearing one here while playing with her brother.
Burqa, hijab or niqab? What is she wearing? Chador The chador, which is usually black, is a body-length outer garmet often worn in Iran and among modern-minded women in the Gulf States, as here in Saudi Arabia. It is not fastened with clasps or buttons and therefore has to be held closed by the wearer.
Burqa, hijab or niqab? What is she wearing? Niqab A niqab is a veil and scarf that covers the entire face yet leaves the eyes free. It covers a woman's hair as it falls to the middle of her back and some are also half-length in the front so as to cover her chest. Here it is being worn by women attending a rally by Salafi radicals in Germany.
Burqa, hijab or niqab? What is she wearing? Abaya An abaya is a loose-fitting, full-length garment designed to cover the body. It may come in many different styles, as seen here at an Arab fashion show, and is often worn in combination with hijab or niqab.
Burqa, hijab or niqab? What is she wearing? Burqa The burqa is the most extensive of all Muslim garments, covering the entire body from head to toe. It traditionally has a woven mesh area around the eyes to allow women to see. In this case enabling them to cast their ballots in Pakistani parliamentary elections.
Burqa, hijab or niqab? What is she wearing? No veil Queen Rania of Jordan says that Islam does not coerce women to wear any head coverings, and that it is more important to judge a woman by her ethics and values, rather than what she wears. She is seen here meeting with refugees in Greece. Author: Jon Shelton
cw/se (AFP, epd)
Every evening at 1830 UTC, DW's editors send out a selection of the day's hard news and quality feature journalism. You can sign up to receive it directly here.
This crime of opportunity was a little harder to assemble. In the end nothing was taken, meanwhile one person was arrested with one suspect still loose.
Sioux Falls Police Public Information Officer Sam Clemens says the victim was intending to buy a car in Sioux Falls and had cash with him. There were three women who were part of the entourage, but one of the women was sending messages to an accomplice to set up a heist. Clemens says it took place about 10:00 PM on Sunday in the area of 12th Street and Williams Avenue.
“At one point they were at a house. The victim goes to leave. The suspect threatens the victim with a knife. One of the other women got involved and started yelling and may have hit the guy with a purse. The suspect ran away.”
Additionally Clemens says the woman who helped set up the robbery fled the scene but was quickly found by police. She is a 33-year old woman from Sioux Falls who was named by police, but is presumed innocent until proven guilty of the charges of aggravated assault and first degree robbery. She also has outstanding warrants against her. Police know the identity of the other suspect and is still searching for him.
No charges were filed against the other two women in the group as they were not part of the conspiracy.
See Also:
© AP Photo/ Ebrahim Noroozi Do You Know Everything About Deliveries of S-300 From Russia to Iran?
–
MOSCOW (Sputnik)The deliveries of Russia's S-300 missile systems to Iran reflect the trust level in the countries' bilateral defense cooperation, Iranian Ambassador to Russia Mehdi Sanaei said Tuesday.
Sanaei said at a reception marking Iran's national Army Day that the 2015 signing of a military cooperation agreement "determined the scope of this cooperation."
"Since then, important steps have been taken to strengthen bilateral relations in the area of defense. One such step was the delivery of S-300 missile systems to Iran. This is an indicator of mutual trust in defense cooperation," Sanaei said.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak spoke about his favorite technology devices on CNBC's Squawk Box today.
“‘As far as technology that I love today — my Chevy Bolt,' says Wozniak, speaking at the eMerge technology conference in Miami on Monday. Wozniak himself owns two electric cars, a Tesla and a Chevy Bolt, General Motors' electric car,” Catherine Clifford reports for CNBC. “While the Tesla comes with the cool factor of any Elon Musk product, Wozniak says there are a couple of very crucial ways that the Chevy Bolt has an advantage over the Tesla… ‘Tesla is a fine car. It's just high price,' Wozniak says… Wozniak says that if Elon Musk were to ask him for his recommendation on how to improve the Tesla, he would change the center touch screen. ‘I hate [it],' says Wozniak. ‘I am sure a lot of accidents have been caused by people just trying to hang up their phone and hit the right button on that big screen. A nice little knob like in Mercedes or something to get through menus even while you are driving.'”
“In addition to the Bolt, Wozniak's other favorite tech is his Apple Watch,” Clifford reports. “‘I just love it. I love every time I use it. It helps me. I love it so much,' says Wozniak. ‘Not having to grab a phone out of a pocket. I don't like to be one of those people who pull phones out of pockets.'”
Read more in the full article here.
It's official! K-Pop stars BTS will be performing during the Billboard Music Awards. In fact, the performance will mark the world TV premiere of a new single from the insanely popular band.
They're familiar with the Billboard Music Awards. The group stole the show during last year's ceremony when they beat out pop stars like Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez to win the Top Social Artist of the year.
This will not mark the band's first performance during an American awards show. The group actually performed during the 2017 American Music Awards.
As we reported yesterday, Shawn Mendes, Dua Lipa, and Camila Cabello will also perform during the show. More performers are expected to be announced in the coming weeks. Additionally, Kelly Clarkson will be hosting this year's show.
The 2018 Billboard Music Awards, which will take place at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas, will air live on NBC on May 20. The live telecast begins at 8pm ET/5pm PT.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
WATERBURY, Conn. -- Christmas is around the corner, but for Jaspal Singh the cheer came a little bit sooner.
"In the spirit of the holiday I want to do something special," Singh told WTIC.
Singh has been working in Waterbury for around five years. In that time he says the community has embraced him as one of their own. Singh observed how many of his surrounding community members go to sleep hungry.
So he did something about it.​
On Saturdays Singh rents out a food truck from Frankie's Hot Dog King and feeds the needy. Hundreds line up outside the truck to eat free hot dogs, hamburgers and french fries.
“Before they go to bed, they should have food in their belly," Singh said. "That's my only wish."
Next he plans to offer blankets and clothing to those who need it through the winter months.
Singh says the feeling is priceless.
“Over time I see somebody smiling I say thank you God," Singh said. "I just want to do something so I could give smiles to more people."
In a business and a league where there is so much roster turnover from year to year, the Ottawa Redblacks have managed to maintain continuity on an offensive line that continues to do much of the team's dirty work.
SirVincent Rogers. Jon Gott. Jason Lauzon-Seguin. Tommie Draheim. Nolan MacMillan. Alex Mateas. All are back from a group that has provided the protection while quarterbacks Henry Burris and Trevor Harris have been slinging the football for huge chunks of yardage the past couple of seasons.
Gone from last season is J'Micheal Deane. The Redblacks are fortunate to have the depth to replace him.
Out for what could be two months with a knee injury is the versatile Matt Albright.
“It's tough,” said Redblacks offensive line coach Bryan Chiu. “A Canadian guy with Matt's kind of experience, he's been the ultimate sixth man. He's always been able to step in without missing a beat. It definitely affects your depth with his injury, and you lose guys like Randy Beardy and Pierce Burton (both were also injured in the pre-season game against Hamilton) from last week. But guys are stepping up and learning new positions, we'll see how it goes. We've got guys who can play all over the place. Guys like Jason and Tommie, these guys can play four of the five spots.”
In the mix for playing time is Evan Johnson, the Redblacks' first-round draft pick out of the University of Saskatchewan.
“Evan is exactly what we expected,” said Chiu. “He's a very talented kid. He's smart, he understands schemes. He's starting to adapt to the speed of the game a lot better. We see good things ahead for him.
Ultimately, we drafted him in the first round for a reason — he can play. If you surround him with guys like SirVincent, Jon and Nolan, he'll be able to adapt pretty quickly.”
“The experience has been great,” said Johnson. “As far as adjustment — it's bigger, faster and stronger guys and a bigger playbook to try and pick up right out of the gate. The message the coaches echo all the way down is ‘Get better, each day. Leave better than when you came in.' “
Speaking about Johnson, Redblacks coach Rick Campbell said: “He's athletic, we really liked him coming out of college. He did well in the (pre-season) game. I don't think the game's going to be too big for him, he's not going to be intimidated by it. I think he's going to be a guy who's going to continue to improve as he gets used to this level of competition and what we're doing offensively scheme wise.”
Having players like Rogers and Gott around is a huge bonus for an offensive line coach.
“They're like a fine wine, they just keep getting better with age,” said Chiu. “It makes my life so much easier. I can go through drills with the players, but a coach can only do so much.”
Through their five years of drafting, the Redblacks have placed a heavy emphasis on the hogs — the guys up front. It's proven to be a good formula. MacMillan, Mateas and Lauzon-Seguin were all first-rounders.
“That's why there's such a focus on offensive linemen in the CFL Draft,” said Campbell. “There are only a certain amount of them out there. We want to have as much depth as possible on our O-Line so we can withstand losing a couple of guys. That's why we have a focus on collecting Canadian O-linemen.”
For Chiu, it's not about worrying a birth certificate.
“I'll leave that up to the people above me, but, for me, I just want the five guys with the best chemistry,” he said.
MOSS BY THE NUMBERS: It didn't work out for Douglas Moss a year ago in training camp when he was cut by the Redblacks. But after spending time as an accounting intern back in Springfield, Mass., he's hoping it all adds up this time around.
“I'm good with numbers, I'm good with math, but I like playing football more,” said Moss, who will start at defensive half Thursday in Montreal. “(Getting released) hurt. But it gave me time to go back home, focus and really work on my craft. I reassessed and watched film. The things I wasn't good enough at, my weaknesses, I worked on to improve.
“I'm very optimistic. It's been great so far. I have a lot of vets in front of me helping me out. I'm in a great mindset for (Thursday). We get to hit somebody else, we're ready to fly around.”
THE END AROUND: Bodog, a betting site, has listed the Redlacks at +700. Translation, a $100 bet would get you $700 if the Redblacks were to win the 2017 Grey Cup. The Calgary Stampeders are favoured at +350 … The Edmonton Eskimos released former Redblacks DL Aston Whiteside Tuesday. Then on Wednesday, they signed former Redblacks WR Scott Macdonell … You can meet Redblacks receivers Greg Ellingson and Brad Sinopoli Saturday, from 2-5 p.m., in the Centre Court at St. Laurent Shopping Centre … QB Darian Durant, acquired by the Alouettes in the off-season, is supposed to make his Montreal debut vs. Ottawa Thursday.
RILEY WILSON HOPES REDBLACKS CONSIDER HIM A GOOD CATCH
Signed as an undrafted free agent by the Ottawa Redblacks, former Regina Rams pass-catcher Riley Wilson hopes the powers-that-be think he's ready to play in the CFL.
“I think I can play CFL football,” said the 6-foot-3, 22-year-old Wilson, who made three catches for 16 yards a week ago in a pre-season win over Hamilton. “I got a taste of the game. Practice is one thing, but going into a game and having some success is a different thing. Based on the last game and how I felt out there, I think I can hang with these guys.”
The Redblacks football ops folks have some tough decisions ahead. Thursday night's pre-season game in Montreal, with many veterans left behind to give the newbies one last opportunity, could provide some answers.
“It's going to be different than the first game,” said Wilson. “A lot of rookies and first-year guys are starting and playing the whole game. It'll have a bit of a different feel, the playbook won't be as intense. I think they're basically just letting us go out there and show our stuff without the heavier mental aspect.”
Wilson has stepped into camp and performed well.
“It's been a grind, for sure, mentally and physically,” he said. “But this is what I came for. It's been long, but it's been a really good experience overall.
“I was physically ready — I wasn't really ever gassed. I knew the mental aspect would be a step up from the CIS. One thing I really did as an adjustment every day after practice was to make sure I was looking over my plays from that day and from the next day to make sure I was on top of things.”
As for what happens when the Redblacks try to sort out the logjam of players at receiver, Wilson said: “It's tough to say (what's going to happen). The cards will play out however. I'm just going to go out and work as hard as I can.”
Twitter: @TimCBaines
Last week, County Executive Steve Schuh, Police Chief Tim Altomare and other county officials broke ground on the new Anne Arundel County Police Department Police Training Academy.
“A first class police department deserves a first class police academy and training center,” said Schuh. “With every brick we lay to build this crucial public safety asset, we demonstrate how important public safety is to Anne Arundel County and its citizens.”
The new police academy project is an $18.8 million, 30,000 square foot facility that will train new recruits to the Anne Arundel County Police Department, as well as personnel from the Sheriff's Office and other regional law enforcement agencies.
“This is a historic day for our department,” said Chief Altomare. “At last, Anne Arundel County will have a first-rate training facility to support the best public safety professionals in the state.”
The County Executive first proposed funding for feasibility, design, and construction for the new Academy in in his FY2016 capital plan. Construction is slated to be complete by the spring/summer of 2019.
The state of the art facility will be named in honor of Charles “Butch” Troyer, a retired county police officer who heroically prevented a hijacking at Baltimore Washington Thurgood Marshall International Airport in 1974.
The capital project was made possible through the Jump start Anne Arundel capital project financing program. Enacted in 2015, the capital plan embraces a 30-year bond financing option. This reform has allowed Anne Arundel County to expand its capital funding program and make critical school, public safety, road, and quality of life infrastructure improvements from Brooklyn Park to Pasadena to Annapolis to Odenton.
Related
Category: Crime News, Local News, NEWS
FILE PHOTO: A sign with the TAKATA logo is seen outside the Takata Corporation building in Auburn Hills, Michigan
This follows the commission referring four charges against Takata Corporation and Takata South Africa to the tribunal for prosecution in March.
The latest charges involve collusion related to tenders issued between 2006 and 2011 by BMW, Toyota and VW tenders for the manufacture and supply of a variety of automotive components, including airbags, seat belts and steering wheels. The four charges referred to the tribunal in March involved price fixing, market division and collusive tendering on tenders issued for Honda, BMW and Toyota vehicle models.
The commission was not seeking penalties against other global players and their local affiliates implicated with Takata.
These include Autoliv Inc, Autoliv SA, TRW Automotive Inc and TRW Occupant Restraints South Africa IncTRW was first to apply for immunity from prosecution, which was granted. Autoliv, one of the world's largest manufacturers of airbags, seat belts and steering wheels, signed a settlement agreement with the commission, which was confirmed by the tribunal last year. In terms of that agreement, Autoliv agreed to pay a fine of R149.96 million for engaging in a number of prohibited anti-competitive practices in tenders issued by BMW and Volkswagen for the manufacture and supply of airbags, seat belts and steering wheels.
Tembinkosi Bonakele, the competition commissioner, said yesterday that the uncovering and prosecution of this international cartel confirmed the commission's position as one of the elite global anti-cartel enforcers. “The cartel on car parts is one of the most extensive global cartels affecting most vehicle models and therefore a significant number of consumers globally, including South Africa.
“The affected vehicles are among the most popular in our market. Its effect would have been a price increase in the prices of affected motor vehicles,” he said.
The Competition Commission in March this year approved, with conditions, a proposed merger in terms of which Joyson KSS Holdings No 2 and Joyson KSS Automotive Safety SA intended to acquire Takata Corporation.
The conditions were imposed to ensure payment of any fines imposed on Takata by the tribunal. Sipho Ngwema, the head of communications at the commission, said at the time the conditions imposed on the proposed transaction would ensure the preservation of any claims the commission may have against Takata in the event that an administrative penalty was levied against Takata. Ngwema confirmed that apart from commission concerns about the merger enhancing collusion in the market, it was concerned the proposed transaction might be used to shield Takata from any possible administrative penalty that may be levied on Takata if it was found guilty of contravening the Competition Act.
He said the commission believed acquisition of control by Ningbo Joyson over the Takata business that was alleged to be involved in cartel conduct, resulting in Takata being absorbed by Ningbo Joyson, would result in uncertainty about which firm would be liable for the administrative penalty flowing from the cartel investigation in the event that an administrative penalty was imposed.
- BUSINESS REPORT Takata has admitted to cartel conduct in other jurisdictions. The company is undergoing bankruptcy proceedings in various jurisdictions. It was part of the largest-ever car safety recall following the incidents in which its airbags exploded, resulting in injuries and some deaths.
JOHANNESBURG - The Competition Commission has referred an additional 17 collusive tendering, price-fixing and market division charges against bankrupt global airbag and seatbelt manufacturer and supplier Takata Corporation of Japan and its local arm, Takata South Africa, to the Competition Tribunal for prosecution.
New research on the teeth of fossilized dinosaur embryos indicates that the eggs of non-avian dinosaurs took a long time to hatch--between about three and six months. The study, led by scientists at Florida State University, the American Museum of Natural History, and the University of Calgary, was published today in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences and finds that contrary to previous assumptions, dinosaur incubation is more similar to that of typical reptiles than of birds. The work suggests that prolonged incubation may have affected dinosaurs' ability to compete with more rapidly generating populations of birds, reptiles, and mammals following the mass extinction event that occurred 65 million years ago.
"We know very little about dinosaur embryology, yet it relates to so many aspects of development, life history, and evolution," said study co-author Mark Norell, Macaulay Curator of Paleontology at the American Museum of Natural History. "But with the help of advanced tools like CT scanners and high-resolution microscopy, we're making discoveries that we couldn't have imagined 20 years ago. This work is a great example of how new technology and new ideas can be brought to old problems."
Because birds are living dinosaurs, scientists have long assumed that the duration of dinosaur incubation was similar to birds, whose eggs hatch within 11 to 85 days. The research team tested this theory by looking at the fossilized teeth of two extremely well-preserved ornithischian dinosaur embryos on each end of the size spectrum: Protoceratops--a pig-sized dinosaur found by Norell and colleagues in the Mongolian Gobi Desert, whose eggs were quite small at 194 grams, or a little less than half of a pound--and Hypacrosaurus, a very large duck-billed dinosaur found in Alberta, Canada, with eggs weighing more than 4 kilograms, or nearly 9 pounds. First, the researchers scanned the embryonic jaws of the two dinosaurs with computed tomography (CT) at the Museum's Microscopy and Imaging Facility to visualize the forming dentitions. Then they used an advanced microscope to look for and analyze the pattern of "von Ebner" lines--growth lines that are present in the teeth of all animals, humans included. This study marks the first time that these growth lines have been identified in dinosaur embryos.
"These are the lines that are laid down when any animal's teeth develops," said lead author and Florida State University professor Gregory Erickson. "They're kind of like tree rings, but they're put down daily. And so we could literally count them to see how long each dinosaur had been developing."
Using this method, the scientists determined that the Protoceratops embryos were about three months old when they died and the Hypacrosaurus embryos were about six months old. This places non-avian dinosaur incubation more in line with that of their reptilian cousins, whose eggs typically take twice as long as bird eggs to hatch--weeks to many months. The work implies that birds likely evolved more rapid incubation rates after they branched off from the rest of the dinosaurs. The authors note that the results might be quite different if they were able to analyze a more "bird-like" dinosaur, like Velociraptor. But unfortunately, very few fossilized dinosaur embryos have been discovered.
"A lot is known about growth in dinosaurs in their juvenile to adult years," said co-author Darla Zelenitsky, from the University of Calgary. "Time within the egg is a crucial part of development with major biological ramifications, but is poorly understood because dinosaur embryos are rare."
The study also has implications for dinosaur extinction. Prolonged incubation exposed non-avian dinosaur eggs and attending parents to predators, starvation, and environmental disruptions such as flooding. In addition, slower embryonic development might have put them at a disadvantage compared to other animals that survived the Cretaceous-Paleogene extinction event.
###
Florida State University graduate student David Kay also is an author on this paper.
This work was funded, in part, by the U.S. National Science Foundation, grant # EAR 0959029, the Macaulay Family, and the Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada, grant # 327513-09.
AMERICAN MUSEUM OF NATURAL HISTORY (AMNH.ORG)
The American Museum of Natural History, founded in 1869, is one of the world's preeminent scientific, educational, and cultural institutions. The Museum encompasses 45 permanent exhibition halls, including the Rose Center for Earth and Space and the Hayden Planetarium, as well as galleries for temporary exhibitions. It is home to the Theodore Roosevelt Memorial, New York State's official memorial to its 33rd governor and the nation's 26th president, and a tribute to Roosevelt's enduring legacy of conservation. The Museum's five active research divisions and three cross-disciplinary centers support approximately 200 scientists, whose work draws on a world-class permanent collection of more than 33 million specimens and artifacts, as well as specialized collections for frozen tissue and genomic and astrophysical data, and one of the largest natural history libraries in the world. Through its Richard Gilder Graduate School, it is the only American museum authorized to grant the Ph.D. degree and the Master of Arts in Teaching degree. Annual attendance has grown to approximately 5 million, and the Museum's exhibitions and Space Shows can be seen in venues on five continents. The Museum's website and collection of apps for mobile devices extend its collections, exhibitions, and educational programs to millions more beyond its walls. Visit amnh.org for more information.
Follow
Become a fan of the Museum on Facebook at facebook.com/naturalhistory, and follow us on Instagram at @AMNH, Tumblr at amnhnyc, or Twitter at twitter.com/AMNH.
The biggest Google Home is finally on its way to stores. The $399 Google Home Max was announced at Google's October 4th hardware event alongside the Google Home Mini, Pixel 2, and tons of other hardware. The Max doubles down on the Home's music capabilities, offering a more powerful sound system in a form factor about the size of a bookshelf speaker.
With pretty much zero fanfare, the Google Home Max has started popping up at stores. Online listings are live at Best Buy and Verizon, with both showing a ship day of "today." The Google Store doesn't seem quite ready yet, and still shows a "join waitlist" button instead of a actual "buy" link. Don't bother checking Amazon, which refuses to sell Google products like the Google Home and Chromecast, in part because they don't support Amazon Prime Video.
The Google Home Max features dual 4.5-inch high-excursion woofers and custom 0.7-inch tweeters. Google claims it is 20 times more powerful than the original Google Home. The speaker can sit horizontally or vertically, has an auxiliary input jack, and a "smart sound" feature will measure the sound profile of the room and adjust itself accordingly.
With the release of the Max, Google now has a pretty comprehensive family of smart speakers. The Max slots in above the $50 Google Home Mini and the $129 Google Home. Third parties are allowed to make Google Assistant speakers too, with Sony, Panasonic, JBL, and Sonos all on board to eventually ship Google's smarts in their own speakers.
Eventually the $399 Google Home Max will have to do battle with Apple's Siri speaker, the Homepod. The $349 Apple Homepod was originally scheduled to come out in time for the holidays, but it has been delayed until next year.
The proposed plebiscite on whether Calgary should pursue a bid for the 2026 Winter Olympic and Paralympic Games could take place in November.
City of Calgary officials have earmarked then as the most likely time for the vote over the future involvement in the bid.
The plebiscite will only move forward, however, should the Council agree to continue pursuing the Olympic bid.
Evan Woolley, chair of the City's Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games Oversight Committee, claimed earlier this month that the result of the public ballot would be binding.
Councillors are due to hold another vote on whether to proceed in June after studying more details about the potential financial implications of hosting the Winter Olympics for the first time since 1988.
A decision has yet to be taken on the question which will be asked to voters, however a proposal has been floated.
The proposed questions are: "Do you support or do you oppose The City of Calgary's participation in hosting the 2026 Olympic and Paralympic Winter Games?"
Potential answers would be either "Yes, I support The City of Calgary's participation" or "No, I oppose The City of Calgary's participation".
The Canadian city is also seeking to secure local input for its potential bid, with officials considering public hearings.
Mayor Naheed Nenshi opposed the idea of holding the hearings, but other means of gathering feedback are expected to be considered.
Calgary hosted the Winter Olympics back in 1988 ©Getty Images
"If we're doing the plebiscite, the public hearing is just window dressing," Nenshi said, according to CBC.
"It's a lot of time, it's a lot of work, it's a lot of money to organise that.
"It's very difficult for people who are working to come down to the city.
"So you never get a full cross-section of people."
In 2017, the Bid Exploration Committee, which has so far spent CAD$5.2 million (£3 million/$4 million/€3.5 million) on exploring the possibility of a bid, estimated that the Games would cost $4.6 billion (£2.6 billion/€3.6 billion/€3 billion).
That budget could be revised next month, however, when an update is expected to be given.
Sion in Switzerland, Graz in Austria, Sapporo in Japan, Erzurum in Turkey and Stockholm in Sweden are among the other contenders for the 2026 Games, as well as a joint Italian bid from Milan, Turin and Cortina d'Ampezzo.
Sion in Switzerland must also face a referendum.
A host city is due to be chosen by the International Olympic Committee in 2019.
CHICAGO – Grammy award-winning singer and member of The Temptations Dennis Edwards has died, his wife, Brenda Edwards, confirmed to the St. Louis Post-Dispatch.
Edwards was 74 years old.
His wife told the Post that the Motown legend died at a Chicago area hospital after suffering complications related to meningitis.
“My uncle Dennis Edwards passed away this morning,” Edwards' nephew, Jason Quebec, posted on social media Friday. “Please keep my family in prayer.”
Edwards was a long-time resident of Florissant, Missouri. He was a Lifetime Achievement recipient in 2013.
The Temptations were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1989. The band's best-known hits include “Papa was a Rollin' Stone,” “Ain't no Mountain High Enough,” “My Girl” and “I Can't Get Next to You.”
February 3 would have been the singer's 75th birthday.
POLICE were forced to use batons after they were unable to contain a melee outside a Berwick nightclub in the early hours of Saturday morning with pepper spray.
Emergency services were called to High St in Berwick just after midnight on Friday after they received reports of a group fighting outside Lava Lounge.
When police arrived, a number of people were fighting on the street.
“Police deployed OC spray which was not effective and the group continued fighting,” police spokeswoman Melissa Seach said.
“Police were then required to resort to using batons to stop the fighting and separate the parties.”
A 21-year-old woman was assaulted in the brawl.
Eyewitness Danny Wells told Seven News he saw the incident unfold.
“I have seen a couple of chicks get hit and thrown to the ground and then a few bouncers came out and try to stop it and then they lost control,” he said.
Footage uploaded to social media shows police yelling at the revellers.
“Get back now, get back now,” police can be heard saying.
Witness Kieran told Nine News the thought police were heavy handed.
“It didn't feel right, these people were laying on the ground and they were holding their faces in their hands,” he said.
“They shouldn't have been getting hit anymore.”
A number of people received infringement notices for being drunk in a public place.
Lava Lounge advertises Friday nights as an over 28s night. A current ad promoters revellers to “get your party on.”
Police are investigating the circumstances surrounding the incident.
Anyone with information is asked to contact Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000.
brianna.travers@news.com.au
@briannatravers
Scroll for more content...
Trump administration officials and members of Congress addressed some of the nation's hottest political issues on the Sunday morning shows this week, talking about the Trump administration's plan to denuclearize North Korea, the White House's strategy to nominate a new Supreme Court justice, and calls to abolish US Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE).
North Korean denuclearization
On CBS's "Face the Nation," White House national security adviser John Bolton said North Korea's nuclear arsenal could be dismantled in a year if Pyongyang cooperates, adding that the program would require "full disclosure of all [of North Korea's] chemical and biological, nuclear programs, ballistic missile sites." He also disclosed that the plan has not been put into action yet.
Maine Republican Sen. Susan Collins on CNN's "State of the Union" reacted to a Washington Post report that North Korea is working on concealing nuclear weapons: "This is a very troubling report. There's no doubt about it. And North Korea has a long history of cheating on agreements that it's made with previous administrations. ... But there's no doubt that, in order to achieve that goal, we need verifiable, unimpeded, reliable inspections. And without those inspections, we can have no guarantee that North Korea is not cheating once again."
Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-South Carolina, told NBC's "Meet the Press" that if the Post report was true "nobody should be surprised." He added that if officials in Pyongyang "play Trump like they've played everybody else, they're going to regret it."
Supreme Court vacancy
After Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy announced last week that he would retire soon, the Trump administration signaled an eagerness to get a nominee confirmed to the court before the upcoming midterm elections.
Collins also told "State of the Union" that she is not comfortable with President Donald Trump's list of 25 potential Supreme Court nominees. "Now, some of the people on the list, I have not vetted at all at this point. One of them, I voted against years ago. And I would have to do a great deal more work on many of them."
Graham on "Meet the Press" called Trump's list of 25 judges "highly qualified. He challenged concerns that a new Supreme Court justice appointed by Trump would lead to the overturning of Roe v. Wade. "You don't overturn precedent unless there's a good reason," he said. He also said he'd like a justice who is "conservative, not crazy."
Both Democratic Sens. Tammy Duckworth of Illinois on "State of the Union" and Amy Klobuchar of Minnesota on ABC's "This Week" agreed that the nomination should be delayed until after midterm elections in four months.
One concern for some senators, Sen. Maria Cantwell, D-Washington, said, is being edged out by voting against the Supreme Court nominee. She told "Meet the Press": "My colleagues on both sides of the aisle know that this vote could be one of the key votes of their entire career. ... If they vote for somebody who's going to change precedent, it could be a career-ending move."
Some Democrats, including Senate Minority Whip Dick Durbin and Connecticut Sen. Richard Blumenthal, say the clearance of the judicial short list through the Federalist Society precludes them from Democratic support. Durbin told "Fox News Sunday" that the Federalist Society is "looking for someone on the court who will make sure that they rule that the Affordable Care Act's protection of those with pre-existing conditions is unconstitutional." Blumenthal said on "Face the Nation" that the organizations doing the vetting made it a condition that the nominee "commit to rolling back protections for health insurance."
Calls to abolish ICE
Over the weekend, several Democratic lawmakers joined protests across the country calling to abolish ICE.
Duckworth, on "State of the Union," relayed that she does not support calls from some Democrats to abolish ICE: "If you abolish ICE as it is, as an executive agency, it reflects the policies of the White House, of the President. You abolish ICE now, you still have the President with the same failed policies. Whatever you replace it with is just going to still reflect what this President wants to do."
Klobuchar on "This Week" expressed similar sentiments: "I think what has to change are the policies, and the people that are making these policies are making horrendous decisions like separating kids from their parents. We are always going to need immigration enforcement."
(Adds March 30 comment from central banker, paragraph 3)
MONTEVIDEO, April 5 Consumer prices in Uruguay rose 0.68 percent in March, the government said in a statement on Wednesday, bringing the country's 12-month inflation rate to 6.81 percent.
It was the first time since December 2010 that Uruguayan inflation was within the country's 3 percent to 7 percent target range.
Central bank chief Mario Bergara said on March 30 that Uruguay would re-enter its target range "sooner rather than later", after the government reported that February's 12-month inflation rate was 7.1 percent. (Reporting by Malena Cristaldi; writing by Hugh Bronstein; Editing by Chris Reese and David Gregorio)
A statue of a rough collie looks out the front door window of the Pomona home now owned by Ray (left) and Michelle (right) Adamyk. Former child actor and Lassie star Jon Provost, along with his wife Laurie, toured his childhood home in Pomona on Sunday, July 1, 2018 prior to a dedication of the refurbished home now owned by Ray and Michelle Adamyk. It was the first time Provost has been inside the home since 1959 when he was 9 years old. (Photo by Will Lester, Inland Valley Daily Bulletin/SCNG)
Former child actor and Lassie star Jon Provost stands inside the upstairs master bedroom as he speaks with homeowner Michelle Adamyk during a tour of his former childhood home in Pomona on Sunday, July 1, 2018 prior to a dedication of the refurbished home now owned by herself and husband Ray Adamyk. It was the first time Provost had been inside the home since 1959 when he was 9 years old. (Photo by Will Lester, Inland Valley Daily Bulletin/SCNG)
Sound The gallery will resume in seconds
Former child actor and Lassie star Jon Provost, along with his wife Laurie, toured his childhood home in Pomona on Sunday, July 1, 2018 prior to a dedication of the refurbished home now owned by Ray and Michelle Adamyk. It was the first time Provost has been inside the home since 1959 when he was 9 years old. (Photo by Will Lester, Inland Valley Daily Bulletin/SCNG)
Former child actor and Lassie star Jon Provost signs a copy of his book for the owners of his former Pomona childhood home Sunday, July 1, 2018 prior to a dedication of the refurbished home now owned by Ray and Michelle Adamyk. It was the first time Provost has been inside the home since 1959 when he was 9 years old. (Photo by Will Lester, Inland Valley Daily Bulletin/SCNG)
Former child actor and Lassie star Jon Provost (left) looks out a kitchen window along side homeowner Ray Adamyk Sunday, July 1, 2018 in Pomona prior to a dedication of the refurbished home now owned by Ray and Michelle Adamyk. It was the first time Provost had been inside his childhood home since 1959 when he was 9 years old. (Photo by Will Lester, Inland Valley Daily Bulletin/SCNG)
Pictures of former child actor and Lassie star Jon Provost (right) sit on a book case as he looks around a room in his childhood home in Pomona on Sunday, July 1, 2018 as homeowner Ray Adamyk (left) looks on prior to a dedication of the refurbished home now owned by Ray and Michelle Adamyk. It was the first time Provost has been inside the home since 1959 when he was 9 years old. (Photo by Will Lester, Inland Valley Daily Bulletin/SCNG)
Pictures of former child actor and Lassie star Jon Provost are displayed in Provost former childhood home in Pomona on Sunday, July 1, 2018 prior to a dedication of the refurbished home now owned by Ray and Michelle Adamyk. It was the first time Provost had been inside the home since 1959 when he was 9 years old. (Photo by Will Lester, Inland Valley Daily Bulletin/SCNG)
Former child actor and Lassie star Jon Provost (left), along with his wife Laurie (right), greet “Timmy” a rough collie during a tour of his former childhood home in Pomona on Sunday, July 1, 2018 prior to a dedication of the refurbished home now owned by Ray and Michelle Adamyk. It was the first time Provost has been inside the home since 1959 when he was 9 years old. Timmy was the name of his character in the Lassie television show. (Photo by Will Lester, Inland Valley Daily Bulletin/SCNG)
Former child actor and Lassie star Jon Provost (center), speaks with homeowners Ray and Michelle Adamyk during a tour of his former childhood home in Pomona on Sunday, July 1, 2018 prior to a dedication of the refurbished home. It was the first time Provost has been inside the home since 1959 when he was 9 years old. (Photo by Will Lester, Inland Valley Daily Bulletin/SCNG)
Former child actor and Lassie star Jon Provost stands inside the upstairs master bedroom during a tour of his former childhood home in Pomona on Sunday, July 1, 2018 prior to a dedication of the refurbished home now owned by Ray and Michelle Adamyk. It was the first time Provost had been inside the home since 1959 when he was 9 years old. (Photo by Will Lester, Inland Valley Daily Bulletin/SCNG)
Lassie came home, in the original novel and 1943 movie. And on Sunday, Timmy came home too.
Jon Provost, the child actor who played Lassie's pal Timmy Martin on TV from 1957-1964, returned to see 1195 Washington Ave. in Pomona, the house where he had lived from 1954-1959, and participate in its dedication as the Lassie House.
I was standing in the driveway when Provost and his wife, Laurie Jacobson, walked across the street from Kingsley Elementary School. “I got to park in the principal's spot. I've come up in the world,” Provost said dryly.
As in the Timmy days, Provost was dressed in a red-checkered long sleeve shirt and blue jeans. The 68-year-old also wore a mustache, an earring stud and hearing aids, the better to hear Lassie barking.
Provost, who lives in Santa Rosa, had not been inside the house since his family moved to Beverly Hills. He and his wife had stopped by on a visit in 2010 but hadn't felt comfortable knocking. The house was fenced and gated. “It looked sad and forlorn,” Jacobson recalled.
That wasn't the case Sunday. While the yard is down to dirt, the home's exterior has been painted and the property is now open to the street, part of a renovation that's already cost $500,000.
We went inside for a private tour with owners Ray and Michelle Adamyk. Docents preparing for the public tour were asked to leave. “We want to make this special for you,” Ray told the couple. (This newspaper, thankfully, was part of the specialness.)
Right inside the front door, with the living room to the right and the staircase to the left, Provost was hit by a memory. “Oh, this looks verrrrry familiar,” he said. “That's where I found out there was no Santa Claus.”
He was about 7, he said, on the morning when his older siblings, Bill and Fran, awakened him to suggest they watch Santa Claus putting their presents under the tree. They sneaked downstairs and Jon found his parents instead. He started crying. His siblings laughed at him. Ah, childhood.
Indicating the fireplace, Adamyk said he's seen a photo of Jon and a puppy posed there. “That was my 8th birthday,” Provost said. He had been told by Lassie trainer Rudd Weatherwax that if he behaved himself during the first season — such as by not pulling Lassie's tail or trying to ride him — that he'd get a Lassie pup. He named him Rudd.
He added: “After I had my puppy, of course, I did whatever I wanted.”
Upstairs, Provost recalled a small play area off the top of the stairs and said that's where the family TV was — once they got one, during “Lassie's” second season. “Sundays we'd go to grandma's house down the street to watch the show,” Provost said. Finally his mother put her foot down and the family got its own set.
Given that he left the house at age 9, Provost's memories are imprecise, and alterations over the decades further blurred matters. But he knew he and his brother shared the bedroom on the right-hand side of the hall, while his sister had the left-hand room. His parents had the master bedroom, beyond which was a screened-in sleeping porch used on especially hot nights.
“There was a laundry chute to the kitchen,” Provost said by a hall closet. “There was a little fat kid who lived up the street who got stuck in it.”
He and Jacobson marveled at the upgrades to what he had always described as an old farmhouse. Provost recalled 20 acres of orange groves, which he liked to play in, and a culvert in which he used to hide and pitch rocks at cars — until the day he hit the car of Kingsley's principal and got in trouble.
Young Jon was something of a pill, which he readily admits. Kids would follow the star around at Kingsley, which he attended intermittently from kindergarten to second grade.
Classmate Kathy Reed Young, there with husband Simeon Young, brought a little postage stamp-sized photos from that era to show Provost, including one of Jon planting a kiss on her cheek, arms around her tiny shoulders. “He was my first kiss,” she said.
Former babysitter Sharon Paine attended as well. So did Jack Gingold, who remembers helping Provost down from a neighbor's roof around age 5. “I don't know how he got up there,” Gingold said.
Penny Dooley Popov introduced herself to Provost as a subsequent resident of the house. Her parents, Betty and Kay Dooley, bought it from the Provosts and lived there until 1972.
She was among those who greeted Provost and his wife after the home was opened for tours. A steady stream of visitors stopped to say hello or pose for photos with the couple and a rough collie, the same breed as Lassie, named Maxx.
“Are you Timmy?” one woman asked. “I never missed an episode.”
“I wish they had this kind of shows now,” another said fervently. Provost replied: “At least they're in reruns.”
The dedication took place by a newly constructed mock well in the front yard. It's a play on “Timmy's in the well again,” a joke about any recurring problem. On “Lassie,” Timmy often got into scrapes that required rescue by Lassie.
Child actor Jon Provost returns to his childhood home in Pomona for its dedication as the Lassie House. Plaque is by a mock well. Timmy did not fall in. pic.twitter.com/NBsZGbyOvS — David Allen (@DavidAllen909) July 1, 2018
“Timmy actually never, ever fell in a well,” Ray Adamyk pointed out, and he's right. Which didn't stop Provost from titling his memoir “Timmy's in the Well: The Jon Provost Story.”
Thus the plaque designating the 1900 home as the Lassie House was installed by the well. After remarks by Mayor Tim Sandoval — who joked of his first name, “Timmy is alive and well. He's a little bit more Mexican,” and said the city could use a Lassie to help with its challenges — Provost and Adamyk pulled off a sheet to expose the plaque.
Provost seemed genuinely pleased. “It's so important to keep our history,” he told the audience of more than 250 under the hot sun. “Ray and Michelle, thank you so much for your willingness, and your heart, to do this.”
In a private moment later, I asked Provost half-jokingly if he was offended that it's the Lassie House, not the Timmy House.
“Gosh, no,” Provost said. “That was the name of the series. Lassie was the star. I knew that.”
David Allen writes Wednesday, Friday and Sunday, three rough columns. Email dallen@scng.com, phone 909-483-9339, visit insidesocal.com/davidallen, like davidallencolumnist on Facebook, follow @davidallen909 on Twitter and buy “Getting Started” and “Pomona A to Z.”
Wild bear that entered Idaho zoo is captured
POCATELLO, Idaho (AP) — An eastern Idaho zoo reopened Tuesday after wildlife officials captured a wild black bear that somehow made it past a perimeter fence and climbed a large tree.
Officials with the city of Pocatello say wildlife officers with the Idaho Department of Fish and Game captured the bear and put on a collar and ear tag for tracking.
Zoo Idaho Director Peter Pruett says the bear climbed a Ponderosa tree and was about 50 feet off the ground at one point.
Pruett says the zoo already has two black bears and doesn't need another.
Officials say the bear is likely a young male looking for new territory.
SYRACUSE, N.Y. – It goes without saying that when you order something custom-made, you expect to receive exactly what you imagine.
However, for Malexa Maeweather, an 18-year-old from Syracuse, New York, a made-to-order prom dress had some unexpected and disastrous results.
According to Seventeen Magazines, Maeweather reached out to a local designer, Kia Wagner, in the hopes that she could create a one-of-a-kind prom dress. Instead, she said she got an absolute dress fail. Even worse, Maeweather didn't get to see the dress until the night before prom.
Maeweather told WGN, “I was so upset and very aggravated. I didn't know what I was going to do.”
It wasn't just Maeweather who was disappointed with the results of the dress. In fact, Maeweather's mother, Dee Lewis, told Seventeen that Wagner never updated her daughter on the progress of the dress, which left the teen in tears when it finally arrived. Having already put down a $100 downpayment for the dress priced at $300, Lewis took to Facebook to express her discontent.
“So Kia Wagner called my daughter Malexa Maeweather THE NIGHT before prom to pick up her dress which she charges $300 for. Are you serious…was I wrong for wanting my DEPOSIT BACK.”
In response to Lewis, Wagner also posted on Facebook stating, “the reason [Lewis] will not get her $100 deposit back is because I was simply following the instructions she agreed and decided to she had a variety of fabric selections to choose from and as well as several of fittings where i asked her numerous of times if this was the look she was going for…”
Nevertheless, with help from her mother and close friends, Maeweather was able to find and purchase a new dress to salvage her prom day.
SAN JACINTO COUNTY, Texas – A mom and her 14-year-old son are safe after their boat flipped on Lake Livingston, leading to an overnight search.
The mom and son were found floating, wearing life vests, a few miles from where their boat was located.
The San Jacinto County Sheriff's Office says the mom and son were with the mom's boyfriend in a boat when bad weather moved in around 7 p.m. The boat flipped, throwing all three into the water. The boyfriend started swimming to shore to try and get help, but he was picked up by a fellow boater.
Two search boats and the Coast Guard were called in to search for the mom and the teen, but they couldn't be immediately found.
Early Wednesday morning they were located safe, however. They were taken to a marina on the south side of the lake to get checked out.
© Exclusive to KHOU
A man is in custody after leading officers on a chase that ended in an officer-involved shooting.
OHP says a traffic stop led to shots fired after police attempted to pull over Christopher Sells for failure to signal near the Hard Rock Casino around 11:30 p.m. Friday night.
Troopers say the chase ended when Sells lost control of his vehicle and ended up on a grassy shoulder after exiting the Will Rogers Turnpike near Verdigris.
Troopers say the Sells was not shot but treated for a minor injury at the scene before being booked into the Rogers County Jail.
He was arrested on multiple complaints, including possession of methamphetamine, resisting arrest, assault and battery on a police officer and driving under the influence.
OHP says no troopers were injured.
Editor: Robert Birsel + 65 6870 3815
Picture Desk: Singapore + 65 6870 3775
Graphics queries: + 65 6870 3595
(All times GMT/ET)
TOP STORIES
North Korea warns against U.S. "hysteria" as it marks founder's birth
PYONGYANG - North Korea warns the United States to come to its senses and end dangerous "military hysteria" or face retaliation as a U.S. aircraft carrier group steams towards the region amid fears the North may conduct a sixth nuclear weapons test. (NORTHKOREA-USA/ (WRAPUP 2, PIX, TV, GRAPHICS), moving shortly, by Sue-Lin Wong and Damir Sagolj, 600 words)
+ See also:
- PENCE-ASIA/ (moved), by Roberta Rampton, 473 words
- NORTHKOREA-USA/JAPAN, moved, 446 words
"Right time" to use huge bomb in Afghanistan - U.S. general
KABUL - The top U.S. military commander in Afghanistan says the decision to deploy one of the largest conventional bombs ever unleashed in combat was purely tactical and made as part of the campaign against Islamic State-linked militants. (USA-AFGHANISTAN/BOMB (UPDATE 7, PIX, TV, GRAPHIC), moved, by Hamid Shalizi and Josh Smith, 1,000 words)
See also:
+ USA-AFGHANISTAN/BOMB-VILLAGE (PIX, TV, GRAPHIC, moved, 565 words)
+ USA-AFGHANISTAN/MOAB (PIX, TV), by David Brunnstrom, 771 words
In historic referendum, Turkey's Erdoğan faces the biggest test
ISTANBUL - Much like the vast mosque he commissioned atop one of Istanbul's higher hills, President Tayyip Erdoğan's supporters hope a referendum on Sunday will be the crowning achievement in his drive to reshape Turkey. (TURKEY-REFERENDUM/PREVIEW (TV, PIX, GRAPHIC), moved, by Nick Tattersall and Humeyra Pamuk, 923 words)
+ See also:
- TURKEY-SECURITY/ISLAMIC STATE (UPDATE 1), moved, 263 words
- TURKEY-REFERENDUM/ (FACTBOX), moved, 464 words
Trump administration says no U.S. trading partners manipulate currency
WASHINGTON - U.S. President Donald Trump's administration declines to name any major trading partner as a currency manipulator in a highly anticipated report, backing away from a key Trump campaign promise to slap such a label on China. (USA-TRUMP/CURRENCY (UPDATE 2, GRAPHIC), moved, by David Lawder, 535 words)
MIDDLE EAST
Palestinian fatally stabs British woman on Jerusalem train -Israeli police
JERUSALEM - A Palestinian man fatally stabs a British woman on Jerusalem's transit network, Israeli police say, as Christians mark Good Friday and Muslims hold prayers at respective holy sites nearby. (ISRAEL-PALESTINIANS/VIOLENCE (UPDATE 2, TV, PIX), moved, 340 words)
Iranian President Rouhani to run for second term, faces conservative challenge
ANKARA - Iranian President Hassan Rouhani registers to run for a second four-year term, state television says, buoyed by Tehran's 2015 nuclear deal with world powers but facing a hard-line conservative challenge over his economic record. (IRAN-ELECTION/ROUHANI (UPDATE 3, PIX, TV), moved, by Parisa Hafezi, 400 words)
+ See also:
- IRAN-ELECTION/ROUHANI (NEWSMAKER, PIX, TV), moved, by Parisa Hafezi, 675 words
Syrian rebels, Shi'ite villagers evacuated from towns under swap deal
BEIRUT - Buses evacuate thousands of people from two rebel-besieged Shi'ite villages in northwest Syria while hundreds of rebels left a town near Damascus with their families, under a deal between the government and insurgents. (MIDEAST-CRISIS/SYRIA-EVACUATION (UPDATE 4, PIX), moved, by Laila Bassam and John Davison, 575 words)
UNITED STATES
Hackers release files indicating NSA monitored global bank transfers
Hackers release documents and files that cybersecurity experts say indicate the U.S. National Security Agency has accessed the SWIFT interbank messaging system, allowing it to monitor money flows among some Middle Eastern and Latin American banks. (USA-CYBER/SWIFT (UPDATE 3, by Clare Baldwin, 842 words)
Trump White House will not make visitor logs public, break from Obama policy
PALM BEACH, Fla. - The Trump administration will not make public White House visitor logs, the records that detail who has visited President Donald Trump and his staff on official business, his office confirmed, in a departure from a practice that was established under former President Barack Obama. (USA-TRUMP/VISITORS (moved), by Ayesha Rascoe, 364 words)
Ex-NFL star Aaron Hernandez cleared of 2012 double murder
BOSTON - A Boston jury finds former New England Patriots football star Aaron Hernandez not guilty of murdering two men outside a Boston nightclub in 2012, following what prosecutors described as a dispute that began over a spilled drink. (USA-CRIME/HERNANDEZ (UPDATE 2, PIX), by Scott Malone, 506 words)
California judge questions Trump's sanctuary city order
SAN FRANCISCO - A California federal judge strongly questions the U.S. Justice Department over whether to suspend an order by President Donald Trump to withhold federal funds from so-called sanctuary cities for immigrants. (USA-IMMIGRATION/SANCTUARY (UPDATE 1), moved, by Robin Respaut, 397 words)
EUROPE
French presidential race tightens as vote nears
PARIS - France's presidential race looked tighter than it has all year on Friday, nine days before voting begins, as two polls put the four front-runners within reach of a two-person run-off vote.(FRANCE-ELECTION/ (UPDATE 3, PIX, TV, GRAPHIC), moved, by Sudip Kar-Gupta and Sarah White, 500 words)
Turkey says may suspend EU migrant deal if no progress on visas
ANKARA - Turkey could re-evaluate or suspend all agreements under its migration deal with the European Union if the bloc does not give a positive response on visa-free travel for Turks, Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu says. (TURKEY-EU/MIGRANTS (UPDATE 1), moved, 407 words)
Russian newspaper fears for staff after Chechen clerics vow vengeance
MOSCOW - Russia's most famous campaigning newspaper says it has appealed to the Kremlin to protect its staff after Chechen clerics warn the paper faces "retribution" for alleging that gay men in Chechnya were being tortured and killed. (RUSSIA-CHECHNYA/NEWSPAPER-THREAT, moved, by Andrew Osborn, 469 words)
AFRICA
Two suspects in Congo murder of UN workers arrested; one escapes
KINSHASA - Congolese authorities arrest two people suspected of involvement in the murder of two U.N. workers in central Democratic Republic of Congo, but one of the prisoners has escaped, a senior prosecutor says. (CONGO-VIOLENCE/ (UPDATE 2), moved, by Amedee Mwarabu Kiboko, 416 words)
ENTERTAINMENT
Next 'Star Wars' feature to feature new female character
ORLANDO, Fla. - The largely testosterone-fueled Star Wars movie franchise has added an important new female character in the eighth film, "Star Wars: The Last Jedi", director Rian Johnson said on Friday at a fanfest in Orlando. (FILM-STAR WARS/ (moved), by Barbara Liston, 365 words)
See also:
+ (DISNEY-STARWARS/COLLECTORS (moved), by Lisa Richwine, 769 words)
Carphone Warehouse has some cracking deals on at the moment - but hurry; the offers only last until 11 July.
If you want a SIM-free phone, you can save a whopping £130 on the Google Pixel 2. It's available from £499, or get the Pixel 2 XL at the reduced price of £549 for 64GB and £649 for 128GB, down from £629 and £729 respectively.
You can also get a great deal on the Huawei P20 Lite, available for £249 (an £80 saving), as well as the Honor 9 Lite which is £149 (£50 saving) when purchased online.
As for pay monthly deals, you can save up to £200 on the Samsung Galaxy S9, available on an EE pay monthly plan for £36 per month with a no upfront cost. Carphone also has an exclusive on the Titanium Grey colour.
You're also able to save £150 on the Huawei P20. Get it for £24.99 a month with iD or the P20 Pro for £36.99 a month on EE, both of which come offer 500MB of data per month and no upfront cost.
And if you want the iPhone 8, you can get it with 30GB data for £44 a month (£79.99 upfront cost) from O2.
Carphone Warehouse's network iD Mobile also has some great value SIM-only 4G data plans, including £8 for 4GB and 10GB for £10 a month. Check out iD's SIM-only offers.
[India], May 31 (ANI): The counting of votes in Karnataka's Rajarajeshwari Nagar Assembly constituency election will be held today.
Tight security arrangements have been made to ensure safe and fair counting and the results for the same are expected to the declared by afternoon.
RR Nagar recorded around 53 percent voter turnout in all 471 polling stations on May 28.
Earlier, the constituency was scheduled to go to polls on May 12 with 222 other constituencies of Karnataka but was postponed in light of the alleged fake voter ID scam. Hence, the elections in the constituency were conducted on May 28.
A total of 14 candidates are in the fray in the constituency. Contesting for the seat are Munirathna from Congress, BJP's Muniraju Gowda, Janata Dal (Secular) candidate G. H. Ramachandra and 11 other candidates. Before the May 12 polling for Karnataka assembly polls, 9,746 voter ID cards were found from a flat in SLV Park View Apartment in Bengaluru's Jalahalli locality by Election Commission (EC) officials on May 8. Following the recovery of the voter IDs, a political slugfest had broken out between the Congress and the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), both accusing each other of being involved in the scam. Taking the decision, the Election Commission (EC) countermanded the polling in the constituency. The Janata Dal (Secular) has not fielded their candidate from this constituency and supported Congress candidate Munirathna. (ANI)
Disy head Averof Neophytou tabled on Friday a bill providing for the write-off of overdue tax not exceeding €100.
Neophytou, who tabled the bill at the House plenum session, said that around 36,000 persons owe, on overage, €60, and that the administrative costs for collecting these small amounts make the recovery procedure unprofitable.
The aim of the bill is the amendment of procedures followed for settling overdue tax to allow the cabinet to be able to approve the finance minister's suggestion of the finance minister to write off debts not exceeding €100. The list of debtors will be suggested to the minister by the tax commissioner.
The proposal stipulates that for the write-off of such a debt, the debtor will not be required to file an application.
Shania Twain is moving on from the sound created by her ex-husband and former producer Robert John 'Mutt' Lange.
The country star, 51, has not released a studio record since 2002, a delay that in part is down to the turmoil in her professional and personal life caused by her break-up from her husband Robert John ‘Mutt' Lange, who doubled as the producer of all her albums.
The couple's 2010 divorce came after Robert admitted an affair with Shania's best friend Marie-Anne Thiebaud. Shania ended up getting close with Marie-Anne's betrayed husband Frederic Thiebaud, and the pair wed in 2011.
She is planning to release a new album this spring, and says she told those working on her record, including One Direction producer Jake Gosling and Bruce Springsteen collaborator Ron Aniello, to erase all her previous work from their minds.
“I told anyone getting involved musically to forget about my other records,” the musician tells Rolling Stone. “I didn't want it to be related to Mutt's productions at all. I wanted a more organic approach.”
When Robert was her producer Shania sold 85 million records and became country music's biggest pop crossover star, but she now wants to move away from her pop roots.
“Most of them started off quite melancholy and a lot darker,” she explains of her new songs.
However she's philosophical about how her split from the man she shared her life and music with has affected her.
“I'm a different singer now,” she shares. “There was a lot of coming to terms with that. It's been one of the obstacles in my life I've just had to learn to live with.”
The country veteran's new album is yet to receive an official title, but tracks include Swinging With My Eyes Closed, and Who's Gonna Be Your Girl?, a ballad about the breakdown of her marriage.
Ringworm is a common fungal infection of skin. Tinea is the medical term used for ringworm. The infection is caused by skin fungi called dermatophytes. Ringworm infection can cause scaly, red, and round patches on skin. It can also cause patches of hair loss, itching, blisters, and scaling of scalp. The infection can affect various areas such as skin of scalp, feet, beard, and groin. Ringworm is highly contagious and can be transmitted through animals. The infection can be treated successfully with certain antifungal and over-the-counter medicines.
Request Report Brochure @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=39386
The global ringworm treatment market is expected to grow at a rapid pace. High incidence and prevalence of skin disease are the major factors driving the global ringworm treatment market. Increase in prevalence of bacterial and viral infections boosting R&D activities, rise in awareness about antifungal treatment, and novel treatment for diseases also propel the global market. Furthermore, affection toward pets leading to transmission of disease, increase in combination therapies, rise in health care funding, and promising pipeline are anticipated to drive the global ringworm treatment market during the forecast period. However, lack of awareness in some developing countries about antifungal treatment and complication during the regulatory approvals are the factors likely to restrain the global ringworm treatment market during the forecast period.
The global ringworm treatment market can be segmented based on drug class, route of administration, distribution channel, and region. In terms of drug class, the global market can be categorized into steroids, antifungals, anti-infectives, and others. The antifungals segment is expected to dominate the market during the forecast period due to specificity and effectiveness of the drugs on the infection. Based on route of administration, the global ringworm treatment market can be bifurcated into oral and topical. The topical segment is expected to hold a major share of the global market during the forecast period due to increase in sale of over-the-counter topical medicines for treatment. In terms of distribution channel, the global market can be divided into hospital pharmacies, drug stores, retailers, and e-commerce.
Enquiry for discount on this report @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=D&rep_id=39386
Geographically, the global ringworm treatment market can be segmented into North America, Latin America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and Middle East & Africa. North America is projected to dominate the global ringworm treatment market in terms of revenue, followed by Europe. Factors such as rise in incidence of skin diseases, increase in adoption of pets in the region, growth of the health care sector, and increase in awareness drive the ringworm treatment market in the region. Furthermore, the prominent players are focusing on Europe to strengthen their positions. The market in Asia Pacific is anticipated to expand at the fastest growth rate during the forecast period due to rise in health care expenditure, increase in geriatric population, surge in disposable income, prevalence of chronic diseases, focus of global pharmaceutical companies on Asia Pacific, increase in adoption of exotic pets leading to transmission of the disease, and unhealthy lifestyle in the rural areas.
Key players operating in the global ringworm treatment market have adopted various strategies such as launch of products that are cost effective and efficient, mergers and acquisitions, geographical expansion, and strategic alliance. Prominent players in market are Perrigo Company plc, Novartis AG, GlaxoSmithKline plc, Teva Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Taro Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd., and Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Inc.
Request for the TOC of the Report @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=T&rep_id=39386
About Us
Transparency Market Research is a next-generation market intelligence provider, offering fact-based solutions to business leaders, consultants, and strategy professionals.
Our reports are single-point solutions for businesses to grow, evolve, and mature. Our real-time data collection methods along with ability to track more than one million high growth niche products are aligned with your aims. The detailed and proprietary statistical models used by our analysts offer insights for making right decision in the shortest span of time. For organizations that require specific but comprehensive information we offer customized solutions through adhoc reports. These requests are delivered with the perfect combination of right sense of fact-oriented problem-solving methodologies and leveraging existing data repositories.
TMR believes that unison of solutions for clients-specific problems with right methodology of research is the key to help enterprises reach right decision.
US Office Contact
90 State Street, Suite 700
Albany, NY 12207
Tel: +1-518-618-1030
USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453
Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com
Website: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com
German ministry says disagrees with regional bans on diesel cars
BERLIN, June 14 Germany's federal government is against individual states and cities banning cars with diesel engines to reduce pollution, a transport ministry spokesman said on Wednesday following reports that local authorities in Munich are considering such a step.
HSBC to keep best lending rate at 5 pct in Hong Kong
HONG KONG, June 15 HSBC Holdings Plc will maintain its best lending rate at 5 percent in Hong Kong, the bank said on Thursday, after the territory's defacto central bank raised its discount window base rate.
BECKLEY, WV (WOAY)- Although Christmas is far away, one local organization known as Operation Christmas Child has started looking for volunteers.
Since 1993, the organization has delivered over 157 million shoeboxes to more than 160 countries.
But, in order to accomplish that mission they must have volunteers to help.
Volunteers can be any age- the youngest being thirteen.
If you are interested in volunteering you can contact Lisa Belcher at 304-809-2655.
Comments
OAKLAND, Calif. — Maryland's Kevin Huerter declared for the NBA draft thinking that it was going to be an exploratory mission, one that might prepare him to go pro next season.
Turns out, he's ready now.
Huerter said Wednesday that he is forgoing his final two seasons of college eligibility and staying in the draft, after a strong showing at the pre-draft combine in Chicago earlier this month and some subsequent workouts and interviews with NBA clubs. Wednesday was the deadline day for underclassmen to say whether they're staying in the draft or going back to school.
In the end, he decided to not risk losing this opportunity.
"This year is guaranteed," Huerter said from his parents' home in Clifton Park, New York. "Next year is not."
It's widely believed he will be a first-round pick.
The 6-foot-7 wing impressed scouts at the combine not just with his ability to shoot the ball, but also his passing and athleticism. He was near the top of the charts in several testing categories at the combine.
He averaged 14.8 points on 50 per cent shooting for the Terrapins this past season, shooting 42 per cent from 3-point range.
"This was pretty tough," said Huerter, who wavered several times on the decision in the past couple of days. "Everything happened pretty fast. When I declared I didn't really expect to be leaving. This was a pretty tough decision and when things started happening there came a time when I actually had to start really thinking about things."
This has been a rapid ascent for Huerter. In 2015, he led Shenendehowa High to a New York state basketball championship. A year later, he led Shenendehowa to a state title in baseball.
From STAFF REPORTS
A Daniel Boone High School senior is among the list of eight students who have been named the newest members of the Roan Scholars Leadership Program at East Tennessee State University.
Connor McClelland of Boone will become part of the Roan Scholars Class of 2021 and will receive a scholarship that includes both a financial award and four years of customized experiences and opportunities, including international travel and study abroad, internships, workshops and seminars, alumni and community leader interaction, and other unique programs, all of which are focused on equipping students for leadership excellence and making a positive impact. In return, Roan Scholars are expected to seek and serve in leadership roles, and, after college, to continue leading and making a significant impact both in their chosen professions and in their communities.
“The Roan looks for young men and women with the capacity, desire and drive to become exceptional leaders – individuals who take initiative to identify, learn about, and address needs in their communities and mobilize others to join them in those efforts,” said Roan director Scott Jeffress. “Members of this newest Roan class embody those qualities and we are confident that for many years to come they will positively impact ETSU, this region and the world. “
“This incoming class of Roan Scholars has already made a tangible positive impact on their schools and communities,” scholarship founder Louis H. Gump said. “They exemplify the character and leadership talent we want to attract. We look forward to working with them and our other Scholars to enhance their skills so that they can have additional positive influence on ETSU, our area and the places where they will live.”
McClelland will join fellow scholars Katie Barlowe of A.C. Reynolds High School in Asheville; Tiffany Cook of Cherokee High School in Rogersville; Larissa Copley of Grainger High School in Rutledge; Cierra Linka of South Greene High School in Greeneville; Austin Ramsey of Sullivan Central High School in Blountville; Iris Rubi Estrada Romero of Avery County High School in Newland, N.C.; and Adam Rosenbalm of Tri-Cities Christian High School in Blountville as they add their numbers to the 22 returning Roan Scholars on campus this fall.,
This year's class of Roan Scholars was selected from a pool of nearly 100 outstanding students nominated by more than 60 high schools in 27 eligible counties throughout our region, including, for the first time, Buncombe County, North Carolina. Five of the eight students are the first from their high schools to be selected for the Roan program.
A student's potential for leadership excellence and lifelong impact is the distinguishing factor in his or her selection as a Roan Scholar by the Roan Steering Committee. The Roan, which is funded primarily by private donations, was established in 1997 by Louis H. Gump to attract the region's most promising young leaders and develop each student's unique leadership potential.
The Roan Program now has 50 alumni serving throughout the region and the world in education, government, business, medicine, non-profit work, the military and other fields.
Gump added, “Our sincere gratitude goes to all participating high schools, our Roan Staff, and the community members who make the Roan Scholars Leadership Program such a vital part of our Region.”
Here are a few more details about the members of the Roan Class of 2021:
• “I would love to be a United States senator,” said Connor McClelland, a senior at Daniel Boone High School, when asked who he would choose to be for a day. “I have a great interest in legislative politics, because even though they are often underappreciated, they are the most influential part of the American system.” McClelland has already had a taste of politics through his participation in Tennessee American Legion Boys State last summer. He served as lieutenant governor and, more recently, assumed the responsibilities of acting governor. He is also Student Council president and an Eagle Scout. For his Eagle Scout project, he spent five months surveying, plotting and mapping the 200-year-old cemetery of the Fall Branch United Methodist Church. McClelland has “terrific interpersonal skills” and is a “high-energy person with a strong, uplifting personality,” according to Regina Cox, McClelland's high school counselor. “I would go so far as to say he will be a political force in his lifetime.”
• During her freshman year at A.C. Reynolds High School, Katie Barlowe developed a new awareness of the plight of hunger in her community. Moved by that need, Barlowe founded the annual MANNA Student Food Drive, which raises money and food for a local food bank. Barlowe also sought to support her fellow students by founding and leading a chapter of Campus Life ministry at her high school, and she brought attention to the issue of sex trafficking by starting a chapter of the North Carolina-based “Youth 4 Abolition” organization in Asheville. Barlowe's school counselor, Laura McCreary, said, “In every facet of life, Katie shows up as a leader; (she) naturally discerns the needs of her community, views the gaps in resources as a challenge and feels called to use her skills to meet the needs.”
• Tiffany Cook, a senior at Cherokee High School, has a unique perspective on education in Tennessee. She currently serves as the only student member of the Tennessee State Board of Education and is also a student member of the Hawkins County Board of Education. Cook played a significant role in Cherokee's designation as a Safe Sport School by the National Athletic Trainers' Association, an award that recognizes secondary schools that take “crucial steps to keep their athletes free from injuries.” Only nine secondary schools in Tennessee currently hold this designation. According to Tommie Loudy, one of Cook's advisors, her “dedication, perseverance and ability to overcome challenges and communicate effectively with school leaders” were critical to the initiative. “I feel certain,” Loudy added, “that without her leadership, Cherokee High School would never have been designated a Safe Sport School.”
• A senior at Grainger High School, Larissa Copley is well-known among her classmates as a class officer and vice president of Beta Club. Each week, though, she also serves fellow students in a way that is largely unseen: she helps school staff pack and distribute items confidentially to students in need. She has packed thousands of items, from food to soap, shampoo, toothpaste, and toothbrushes. “My work for the Students in Need program would have to be my most impactful community contribution,” she said. Copley hopes to extend this service work by starting a clothing closet at her high school for students in need before she graduates. Dr. Amanda Johnson, a school counselor, also notes Copley's service to students through tutoring: “Larissa is oftentimes called upon by the Counseling Department to help tutor and has never turned down a student that she could help.” Copley, according to Johnson, “epitomizes ‘servant leadership.'”
• “The desire to influence change is what motivates me,” states Cierra Linka, a senior at South Greene High School. Linka has participated in numerous high school activities, including Students Against Destructive Decisions, Future Farmers of America, the “Move 2 Stand” anti-bullying initiative and Greene County Youth Leadership. Linka has balanced this high level of involvement with working two jobs to provide for her needs and to save for a school trip to Europe to learn about the Holocaust. She is “one of the most natural leaders I have ever had the privilege of working with in our program,” states Karen Hartman, who has grown to know Linka through the Tusculum College Upward Bound Program. “She is going to change the world.”
• It is the rare high school senior who can already claim the title of serial entrepreneur – but that is the case for Austin Ramsey, a student at Sullivan Central High School. As a middle school student, Ramsey created a business focused on providing DJ services. He then went on to create a computer consulting business, and, most recently, started a business venture providing dronography services. “From working with computer clients each day to working with seniors at the nursing home, I cherish these moments as I gain insight about their past and improve their future,” he said. Ramsey is also the youth leader of the National 4-H GIS Leadership Team and has competed and spoken at state and regional GIS conferences. In 2016, the Sullivan County Local Emergency Planning Committee awarded Ramsey the Community Impact Appreciation Award for his use of technical skills to benefit emergency planning in the county. “Austin has remained genuine and sincere, constantly striving to do his best and finding opportunities that can impact others,” said Brittany Jones, his school counselor. “Austin will be a driving force for whichever company he ends up working with.”
• Iris Rubi Estrada Romero has directed her efforts at Avery County High School toward a specific goal: to get more Latino students involved in clubs and school activities. Estrada herself is the first and only Latino member of her high school's Student Government Association and the first Latino president of the school's National Honor Society. To reach and encourage her fellow Latino students, Estrada believed that she also had to reach their families. To that end, she has spoken at a parents' meeting about the importance of school involvement, made personal phone calls to the homes of rising freshmen about freshman orientation day, and volunteered to participate in a college information session for the Latino community. “I get an amazing feeling when I know that I helped someone; the joy I find through service cannot be found anywhere else,” said Estrada. Libby Gragg, her college and career counselor, noted that Estrada has brought about change at her school – and in herself. “By senior year, Rubi has evolved into a humanitarian, a leader, an innovator and a motivator of the student body,” said Gragg.
• “Be genuine with everyone and show love in all situations.” That's what Adam Rosenbalm, a senior at Tri-Cities Christian School, said he strives for every day in his numerous leadership roles, including serving as president of his school's Honor Society, senior class president and captain of both the varsity men's basketball and soccer teams. Rosenbalm identifies his work on several mission trips to Belize as one of the most impactful activities he has participated in during high school. “The opportunity to provide a fundamental need to a group of people left a huge impact in myself as well as this community,” he said. Cindy Beal, Rosenbalm's guidance counselor, said that he “has the respect of his teammates, peers in class, faculty and staff.” She added, “He has an exemplary character, compassion, a desire to help others who may be struggling, is an encourager and leads with action.”
For more information about the Program, contact the Roan office at 423-439-7677 or RoanScholars@etsu.edu or visit the Roan website at www.RoanScholars.org.
× Car parts found in swollen river could belong to missing San Diego couple
SAN DIEGO – Car parts found in a swollen river near Fresno may belong to a missing San Diego couple. And in a bizarre twist, evidence has led authorities to search for the couple in the same area where two exchange students' bodies are still stuck in a car that crashed into a river in late July.
Yinan Wang, 31, and his 30-year-old wife, Jie Song, were last seen around 2 p.m. at Crystal Caves in Sequoia National Park on August 6.
The couple had planned to stay the night in Fresno before driving to Yosemite National Park and then returning to San Diego on August 9, according to the Fresno County Sheriff.
Wang and Song, who were reported missing by family members on Friday, were last seen driving a 2012 white Ford Focus with a California license plate of 6XMM431.
A deputy watching news coverage on the recovery of an unrelated car crash involving a red car in the Kings River noticed a license plate in the brush that read 6XMM431.
The deputy knew it did not belong to the red car in the river, which is believed to have been carrying two University of South Florida exchange students from Thailand.
A records check showed the plate belonged to a 2012 Ford Focus.
The sheriff's office passed along its information about the license plate to the California Highway Patrol, but its significance wasn't realized until three days later when Wang and Song were reported missing.
On Saturday, the Sheriff's Office and CHP flew their helicopters above the canyon where the red car remains in the river to see if there are any signs of a white car.
Some vehicle parts were located in the water about 40 yards upstream from the red car, but no bodies were found. Authorities said they are not yet able to determine if the parts belong to the white Ford Focus.
The sheriff's office is now conducting a “parallel investigation involving the Ford Focus” as they continue to develop a plan to retrieve the red car and bodies that are assumed to be inside.
Rangers and deputies continue to search for Wang and Song.
Anyone with information is asked to contact the Sheriff's Office at 559-600-3111.
By SEÁN O'DONOGHUE
Managing Editor
CHARLESTON - Governor Jim Justice addressed lawmakers in the annual State of the State address, last week, with the focus of his remarks being the budget for the year set to begin on July 1, 2017. Lawmakers were gaveled into session, earlier the same day, Wednesday, February 8, 2017. The 60-day session will see legislators tackle a range of issues; however, the state's financial troubles are expected to dominate proceedings at the Capitol.
Justice literally took to the floor of the House of Delegates for his address. Traditionally, the governor of the day has addressed the joint sitting of lawmakers from a lectern in front of the House speaker's chair. Justice used a high stool when he sat, at time, at the lectern on the floor of the House, and moved to a white dry-erase board a number of a time to deliver his points with a black marker. The governor did not appear to be relying heavily on prepared remarks, choosing instead to deliver his address in a less staid manner than previous chief executives; in fact, despite the generally bleak financial scenario facing the state, Justice managed to pepper his presentation with many moments of good humor.
It was the first State of the State for freshman Delegate Zack Maynard (R-Lincoln). Also representing Lincoln County in the chamber were Delegate Jeff Eldridge (D-Lincoln), Delegate Carol Miller (R-Cabell), and Delegate Sean Hornbuckle (D-Cabell), all of whom were re-elected last November. It was a familiar setting for Delegate Chuck Romine (R-Cabell), who was returned to the Capitol by the voters of Lincoln and Cabell after a break of several cycles. Lincoln County's senators were also on hand for the speech, including newly elected Senator Richard Ojeda (D-Logan) and Senator Ron Stollings (D-Boone).
"We've got issues. We've got real problems. So I want to tell you this. I don't mean this in any bad way, because I'm the one that signed up to run for Governor. But we've got an 18-carat dog's mess, don't we? We do. I didn't create the dog's mess. I have inherited the dog's mess. And I am telling you, you have to have real direction and real ideas and real cooperation together to be able to get out of this," Justice said near the beginning of his remarks to a packed House chamber.
Taking to the dry-erase board, Justice began to describe his proposals. "Now I'm going to come around here and write. Here's what you gotta do. You gotta cut all that we can possibly cut. I've got to have everybody in this state pay a half of a penny in additional sales tax. There is no way around it. I've got to have you pay instead of $30 in DMV fees, I've got to have you pay 50. The other thing is this, in trying to be fair, in trying to just be fair. The people are here. Here is your people. Here's your people. Here's your businesses. I've got to have our businesses -- there are lots of different ways to look at this -- pay two-tenths of one percent in a tax that would be equivalent to a B&O tax. It is a tax that Ohio charges 25 percent -- or 25 hundredths. We would charge 20. And the other last thing I will talk to you about is I've got to have ten cents a gallon on gasoline. Now, I am telling you: If you don't do this, you're dead. You're dead beyond belief," said the governor.
The governor also focused on education. "Now, as far as testing, we are testing our kids t-totally to death. For what? I mean, here's the bottom line. Think about it. If we were knocking it out of the park -- you see, I'm all results oriented. If we were knocking it out of the park, you could argue with me we're doing the right thing. But for crying out loud, we're dead last. It doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure this out. We got to be doing something wrong. That's all there is to it. As far as the testing goes, I am going to propose we throw Smarter Balance in the trash can and we go to ACT testing," said Justice. He also made a pledge to get rid of the A to F rating for schools, rolled out last fall for the first time by the West Virginia Department of Education. Despite the focus on cuts and the need for new avenues of revenue, the governor also urged lawmakers to approve a pay increase for educators. "Here's what I would do. I would submit a bill, and I will immediately, to eliminate any of the unnecessary bureaucracies that we have. We have got to return education back as much as we possibly can to a local level. I have put in my budget a 2 percent raise for all classroom teachers, and I am ashamed -- I'm ashamed that we can't do more," said Justice.
The governor directed a portion of his remarks to how some state employees appear." A lot of times our inspectors show up, and they show up -- and I hate to say this, because you're going to probably think, boy, has he really lost it now, but they show up with a T-shirt on and a pair of old jeans. They maybe haven't shaved forever. And they got a badge in their pocket. Now, listen, I think they ought to look like something. And the other thing -- and they will look like something, or we'll have them tending to Grisly Adams. But the other thing is just this. No matter what the request may be, I think that the first words out of their mouths should be: We're going to try with all in us to do what you want to do," said the governor.
With regard to tourism, the governor spoke of the potential the sector could deliver. "Tourism is so important to our state. We can knock it out of the park, back double triple. We probably need to reorganize the entire Tourism Department. There are ways to do that. And the other thing you just got to simply put more money in it. We better find a way to market ourselves. I said it a million times. I said it in the inaugural speech. For crying out loud, every time you turn the TV on it says: Come to Michigan. Every time. I said in the inaugural address, I said: Who in the world wants to go to Michigan? I mean, really? You know, what if I called up tomorrow and said, I tell you what let's do, let's get a bus and let's go to Detroit. But do we market us? We don't. We don't. We got to do that," said Justice. He also referred to the potential for furniture making in the state. "I will be submitting with Senator Capito and Senator Manchin immediately -- and I think that there's a real shot -- I will be submitting whatever the form of a bill may be to some way, somehow, try to drive furniture manufacturing, flooring manufacturing, cabinetry, back right in our lap to West Virginia. It can truly be done. We've got to do it through an environmental subsidy. That's what has to be done. You see I'm the agronomy end of our agriculture stuff. I know about trees. I know about how they eat all the carbon. And I know how when we take a piece of wood like this to a dry kiln, the carbon is right here. And I know when the tree falls on the ground and eventually the carbon will be released back in the sky, especially if you have a fire. And I know we only cut one-third of our growth in West Virginia. We are the perfect candidate for what President Trump wants to do in bringing manufacturing back to the United States, that today -- today all of our furniture manufacturing is in Vietnam, China and Mexico. I love Vietnam China and Mexico. From a distance. I want stuff for us," said Justice.
The governor rounded out his remarks on an optimistic note. "Now, it was folksy. It was just plain talk," he said of his speech. "That's all I know. We have an incredible, incredible obligation and an unbelievable opportunity. Now I would say with all these great people, all of you, together, with this great body, you can have my heart and soul. I will work with you with every ounce of being that I have," Justice promised. "Now, let me tell you just this and then I'll end. My basketball teams, a lot of times they say two words coming out on the floor. And they scream them. And do you know the other night Tom Brady led a comeback that was unbelievable, didn't he? Unbelievable. No one could have possibly imagined it. And you know what he did? He took the Super Bowl trophy -- I watched him do this -- he stood on that podium and he screamed, "Let's go!" After he had won. Well, I'd say to you: Let's go! God bless you all. Thank you," concluded Justice.
By: Will Burchfield
@burchie_kid
He wasn't worried about it, Jalen Reeves-Maybin said, and it doesn't bother him now that it's begun.
But the backlash he's experienced since kneeling during the national anthem each of the past two weekends is vicious.
“People DM (direct message) me all the time, comment on my pictures, little hate mail here and there,” said Reeves-Maybin, a rookie linebacker for the Lions.
Reeves-Maybin was one of eight Lions to kneel during the anthem in Week 3 in protest of Donald Trump's critical comments about NFL players, and, more fundamentally, racial inequality in the U.S. He later posted a photo of the moment on Instagram, with the caption “FDT. RIP Trayvon Martin. #PleaseUnfollowMeIfYouAintWithTheMovement.”
(FDT is an acronym for ‘F**k Donald Trump.')
The photo incited a vitriolic exchange in the comments section, and one person accused Reeves-Maybin of shaming his alma mater.
“Some VFL (Volunteer For Life) you are! You are a joke just like your senior season at UT! Can't believe these owners are paying losers like you to play a game. Just glad we have men and women that stand up for our freedoms. You are a disgrace to Tennessee and this Nation. Good rookie move Idiot,” the commenter wrote.
But that's benign compared to some of the other messages the 22-year-old Reeves-Maybin has received.
“People saying, ‘I hope you get CTE.' Or, ‘I hope you can't play with your kids when you're done playing (in the NFL),'” he said.
The N-word, he said, is thrown at him all the time.
Reeves-Maybin lets it all roll of his back: “I can handle it,” he said.
“I don't really care. Most of the time I just kind of laugh at it,” he added. “I'm pretty sure the people writing it have way more anger or put way more energy into something the claim they don't even want to put energy into. I think when you get those kinds of things it makes you really realize how far away you are from what it really should be like.”
After their protest two weekends ago, the Lions held a team meeting in owner Martha Ford told the players she would donate money toward causes of their choosing if they stood for the anthem going forward.
“She could have just turned a blind eye to it or she couldn't have made a decision. For her to come out and say she supports us,” Reeves-Maybin said, “that's a big step in the right direction.”
Still, during the national anthem before Detroit's game last weekend, Reeves-Maybin was one of two Lions who remained on a knee. (Steve Longa was the other.)
“I still looked at it as an individual decision that everyone has to make, and everyone has to be okay with what they do. That was just my decision,” Reeves-Maybin said.
He was never worried about blowback from his teammates, and there wasn't any. Nor was he concerned about backlash from strangers, and there was plenty.
“It doesn't bother me,” he said.
Reeves-Maybin said he hasn't spoken personally with Ford about his decision to kneel, but feels he has the full support of the organization.
“Yeah, I do, but I think we're still kind of looking something we all can do together. I know it'll probably be the best thing if we're all doing something together,” he said.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CHICAGO — The death of a 19-year-old whose body was found in a walk-in freezer at a hotel near Chicago has been ruled an accident, the Cook County Medical Examiner said Friday.
Kenneka Jenkins' cause of death has been deemed to be hypothermia due to cold exposure, the medical examiner said.
Alcohol and topiramate, a medication used to treat epilepsy and migraines that Jenkins was not prescribed but which was found in her system, were "significant contributing factors" in her death. Her blood alcohol level was .112 -- significantly higher than the .08 figure used to determine that a drinker is too drunk to drive.
"When combined, the effect of either or both drugs is enhanced. Topiramate, like alcohol, can cause dizziness, impaired memory, impaired concentration, poor coordination, confusion and impaired judgment," the medical examiner said in the statement.
Jenkins entered an unused kitchen at the Crowne Plaza Hotel in Rosemont, Ill., about 3:30 a.m. on Sept. 9, video surveillance shows. Her body was found in the walk-in freezer 21 hours later, investigators said.
No one was seen entering the kitchen area with Jenkins and there's no evidence there was any kind of altercation prior to her death, the ME said. The autopsy revealed no evidence of any so-called date-rape drugs and "no other evidence of external or internal trauma."
THE Mandurah Christmas lights cruises are now so popular, they are attracting families from across the country.
Hundreds of families queue each night to get on the special canals cruise which run until January.
Camera Icon The popular Mandurah Christmas Lights cruise. Picture: Seven News.
The cruise has been running for more than 10 years, but it is the homeowners who up the ante each year.
One couple, aged in their 70s, spent three weeks putting together their elaborate lights display this year – and converted an entire bedroom that includes more than 20 timers and even more power boards.
Camera Icon The canal-front homeowners spend weeks getting their displays ready. Picture: Seven News.
For most homes, it takes teams of electricians to decorate the canal-front properties, and it is all for a good cause with donations from a nearby wishing well going to Mandurah charities.
The cruises, run with a fleet of eight twice a night, are the region's biggest drawcard during the festive season.
Camera Icon Some homeowners even light up their boats. Picture: Seven News.
The Calloways, who are visiting from Tasmania, said they'd travelled to Mandurah especially for the Christmas display.
The Christmas light cruises cost $35 for adults and $20 for children. Children under the age of three are free.
The fourth and final teaser for the production-ready Kia GT (name not confirmed) is also the most revealing to date as it gives us the chance to check out more of the exterior and interior details. While in the previous clip we saw the hood vents, this latest video also reveals car will have side vents, which isn't all that surprising taking into account the 2011 GT concept also had them. Another connection between the two cars will be at the front where the road-going model will also feature a pair of vertical vents, albeit much better executed than what the concept had.
We should point out the car being teased here is the range-topping version, so the lesser models are not going to look as sporty as this. The crown jewel of the range will feature quad exhaust tips and a plethora of glossy black accents all over the body, including on the upper half of the side mirror caps and on the aforementioned hood vents.
The attached clip also reveals the flagship version will be powered by a turbocharged engine, although its identity is not being disclosed. Our money is on the biturbo 3.3-liter V6 from the Genesis G90 where it 365 horsepower (272 kilowatts) and 376 pound-feet (509 Newton-meters), but we won't be surprised if it will be massaged to deliver more punch in the road-going GT.
Kia's latest teaser also reveals the spicy model's engine will be hooked up to an automatic transmission, and we already know this combo will create the brand's fastest-accelerating model ever. It will cover the sprint from 0 to 62 mph (100 kph) in as little as 5.1 seconds and max out at 151 mph (244 kph), according to the first teaser.
Depending on version, Kia will sell the newest entry in its growing portfolio with rear- and all-wheel drive layouts, while lesser trims will pack four-cylinder engines. The Europe-bound GT is expected to get a thrifty diesel as well, and chances are a six-speed manual is in the offing as well.
The wraps will finally come off on Sunday at 18:00 EST and the car is going to be exhibited in Detroit at the North American International Auto Show.
Source: Kia
Vice President Mike Pence said Monday President Donald Trump “will continue to be clear” in condemning white supremacist hate groups — even though the President himself has not actually done so in the wake of a white supremacist terrorist attack during a hectic rally in Charlottesville, Virginia that left one counter-protester dead.
Pence also echoed Trump's language that “many sides” of the white supremacist rally were worth condemning. Pence said he believed “we're going to see these extremist voices on the far right and on the far left marginalized as they should be as Americans come together around our shared values.”
In an interview with Pence Monday, NBC's Peter Alexander asked: “Do you have any concern, even if it's not the President's intention, that he, in fact, by not condemning white supremacists by their names, is dividing Americans?”
“Peter, we talked about that very extensively yesterday,” Pence responded. “The President made it very clear in his statement this weekend that we condemn all forms of hate and violence, and particularly condemn, as we did yesterday — we condemned the hate and the violence and the bigotry of organizations that showed up in Charlottesville like the KKK and white supremacists.”
“The President was clear on that and will continue to be clear,” Pence said.
Except Trump wasn't. He condemned “hatred, bigotry, and violence on many sides.” Only later Sunday did an anonymous White House official say that “of course” Trump's condemnation included “white supremacists, KKK Neo-Nazi and all extremist groups.” But Trump still hasn't said so himself.
Pence continued: “But I think you'll also see this President call our country to move beyond these fractious times and come together around the values that we share — the values that we share, frankly, with most nations across this hemisphere and with free nations around the world.”
“I truly believe that under President Trump's leadership we're going to continue to see more unity in America and we're going to see these extremist voices on the far right and on the far left marginalized as they should be as Americans come together around our shared values,” he concluded.
It's unclear which “far left” groups Pence meant to condemn. So called “antifa” groups — short for anti-fascist — are not shy about their advocacy of violence against white supremacists, and were in attendance in Charlottesville. But the man accused of second-degree murder and other charges for ramming his car into a group of counter-protesters Saturday had earlier appeared in a photo with American Vanguard, a white supremacist group.
Leonida Guao, an alleged finance officer of the New People's Army, is arrested at Barangay Bading over a murder case
Published 8:12 AM, February 03, 2018
DAVAO CITY, Philippines – An alleged finance officer of the New People's Army (NPA) was arrested in Butuan City on Friday, February 2, the military said.
Leonida Guao was arrested Friday afternoon at Barangay Bading over a murder case, which was the basis of a warrant of arrest issued by the Regional Trial Court Branch 7 of Bagugan City.
Brigadier General Franco Nemesio Gacal, commander of the military's 402nd Infantry Brigade, confirmed this in a statement, which implicated Guao in extortion activities in Caraga region.
"We hope that she will cooperate with the investigating team in identifying individuals, business establishments and organizations that are providing financial support to the CPP (Communist Party of the Philippines)-NPA terrorists," Gacal said.
Guao is said to have carried different aliases, including Leah, Ligaya, and Laya, and is known to have served as finance officer of the CPP-NPA Komisyon Mindanao (KOMID), according to Gacal.
The officer said the arrest was carried out by joint forces of the 402nd Brigade, 401st Brigade, Criminal Investigation and Detection Group and the Police Regional Office 13. – Rappler.com
BP's Dudley seen reigning for years to restore major's might
LONDON, June 15 When BP boss Bob Dudley clinched a final deal to settle litigation over the deadly Deepwater Horizon disaster, many oil industry executives and investors thought his mission was accomplished.
April 24 (UPI) -- The California Highway Patrol gave a police escort to a family of geese found walking across the San Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge.
CHP's San Francisco-area station tweeted a video of a patrol cruiser giving an escort to the geese as they walked on the shoulder of the bridge toward Treasure Island.
The CHP said Trainee Officer Torres and Field Training Officer Ratto escorted the geese for several miles to make sure they made it to the other side of the bridge safely.
The highway patrol said the escort made for a "feel good Earth Day story."
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set his sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of his long coaching career.
For the past two decades, we've all had the chance to romp around in the retro-future post-apocalyptic world of the "Fallout" series. A teaser trailer released today by Bethesda Softworks for a new installment, "Fallout 76" all but ensures that we will have another round of exploring a wasteland chock full of characters and subplots, ultimately plumbing the depths of America's Cold War fears made real. Here it is:
"Fallout 76" will mark the sixth game in a series that stretches back more than two decades. After watching this teaser, you wouldn't be blamed for feeling... a sense of exhaustion? Déjà vu? The signs are all there: A vault, a Pip-Boy, a blue and gold jumpsuit and a distinct lack of people. You've been here before! Just how much more is there to discover?
The series's first installment in 1997, an isometric turn-based western RPG developed by Interplay, combined a novel setting with fantastic writing and a deep combat system. It was a cool see an an RPG — a genre then traditionally rooted in Tolkien-inspired fantasy settings — set in a nuclear wasteland of mutants, energy weapons and power armor. A solid follow-up a year later, this time developed by Black Isle Studios , established "Fallout" as one of PC gaming's iconic franchises, among the likes of "Diablo," "Quake" and "Starcraft."
A decade later, and after a failed attempt to modernize the series by Black Isle in 2003, Bethesda revived the "Fallout" series with "Fallout 3" in 2008. Unlike the previous two titles, with "Fallout 3" Bethesda took what they knew worked, the first-person open-world RPG format of their "The Elder Scrolls" series, and grafted on the world of "Fallout." Subsequent games in the series brought improved the writing ("Fallout: New Vegas") and expanded the scope and depth of the game's mechanics ("Fallout 4"), but arguably did little to progress the notion of what a "Fallout" game is.
For those who have yet to play a modern "Fallout" game, here is roughly what happens. You're thrust into a menacing wasteland with nothing but the clothes on your back. You spend hours wandering the wasteland collecting weapons and supplies, making allies or enemies of the various factions. You help the various inhabitants of the wasteland out, you kill others. There's a main story mission you can progress through, and hundreds of smaller self-contained side-quests you can tackle at your leisure. Eventually after spending dozens of hours doing whatever you feel like, you make the decision to finish off the story and move onto other things in your life.
After watching the teaser trailer for "Fallout 76" it's difficult to come away feeling like this is going to be a welcome departure. Based on mentions of Vault 76 in other "Fallout" games, there's nothing terribly special with Vault 76 — it was designed to open 20 years after nuclear war. Ostensibly, you will start in Vault 76. You will leave Vault 76 and venture into, if the trailer's song is to be believed, post-apocalyptic West Virginia.
For comparison, "Fallout 3" starts with the player growing up in a Vault, and then venturing out to find your father. "Fallout: New Vegas" puts you into the shoes of a messenger who doesn't start out in a vault, but is shot, left for dead, and revived by a local who sets you on a quest to... venture out into the wasteland to find the person who tried to kill you. "Fallout 4" puts you into the shoes of a father who finds refuge for his family in the local vault, and then awakens 200 years later to... venture out into the wasteland to find his wife and child. Do you see a pattern here?
Sure, it might be a fool's errand to read too deeply into a pre-E3, 90-second teaser trailer, but there is one detail, one single detail that might suggest how "Fallout 76" might diverge from the established formula of "Fallout" games. It's a date.
Assuming the clock is right on this Pip-Boy, "Fallout 76" will take place around 100 years before the events of "Fallout 3," "New Vegas" and "Fallout 4." More importantly "Fallout 76" is set 25 years after the major defining event in the "Fallout" universe: The Great War. Essentially, an energy crisis and an increasingly militaristic and isolationist America drove global tensions to the point of provoking an all-out nuclear war with China, plunging the planet into the apocalyptic wasteland players have now enjoyed for the better part of 20 years.
Which, who knows, this could be a big deal! Maybe setting the game just after the series-defining nuclear apocalypse means the player will need to contend more with radiation! Maybe setting it far from a major metropolitan center will force the player to reckon with the local mutated flora and fauna — leading to more of a lonely, atmospheric survival experience rather than one where you're mostly navigating the politics of warring factions. Maybe the harsh environs means that instead of wandering, you'll be using Vault 76 more as a home base rather than a starting point.
All this speculation will most likely be made moot by the time E3 rolls around in two weeks. But hey, maybe this will finally be the time that war actually changes?
At GDC, Microsoft announced a new feature for DirectX 12: DirectX Raytracing (DXR). The new API offers hardware-accelerated raytracing to DirectX applications, ushering in a new era of games with more realistic lighting, shadows, and materials. One day, this technology could enable the kinds of photorealistic imagery that we've become accustomed to in Hollywood blockbusters.
Whatever GPU you have, whether it be Nvidia's monstrous $3,000 Titan V or the little integrated thing in your $35 Raspberry Pi, the basic principles are the same; indeed, while many aspects of GPUs have changed since 3D accelerators first emerged in the 1990s, they've all been based on a common principle: rasterization.
Here's how things are done today
A 3D scene is made up of several elements: there are the 3D models, built from triangles with textures applied to each triangle; there are lights, illuminating the objects; and there's a viewport or camera, looking at the scene from a particular position. Essentially, in rasterization, the camera represents a raster pixel grid (hence, rasterization). For each triangle in the scene, the rasterization engine determines if the triangle overlaps each pixel. If it does, that triangle's color is applied to the pixel. The rasterization engine works from the furthermost triangles and moves closer to the camera, so if one triangle obscures another, the pixel will be colored first by the back triangle, then by the one in front of it.
This back-to-front, overwriting-based process is why rasterization is also known as the painter's algorithm; bring to mind the fabulous Bob Ross, first laying down the sky far in the distance, then overwriting it with mountains, then the happy little trees, then perhaps a small building or a broken-down fence, and finally the foliage and plants closest to us.
Much of the development of the GPU has focused on optimizing this process by cutting out the amount that has to be drawn. For example, objects that are outside the field of view of the viewport can be ignored; their triangles can never be visible through the raster grid. The parts of objects that lie behind other objects can also be ignored; their contribution to a given pixel will be overwritten by a pixel that's closer to the camera, so there's no point even calculating what their contribution would be.
GPUs have become more complicated over the last two decades, with vertex shaders processing the individual triangles, geometry shaders to produce new triangles, pixel shaders modifying the post-rasterization pixels, and compute shaders to perform physics and other calculations. But the basic model of operation has stayed the same.
Rasterization has the advantage that it can be done fast; the optimizations that skip triangles that are hidden are effective, greatly reducing the work the GPU has to do, and rasterization also allows the GPU to stream through the triangles one at a time rather than having to hold them all in memory at the same time.
But rasterization has problems that limit its visual fidelity. For example, an object that lies outside the camera's field of view can't be seen, so it will be skipped by the GPU. However, that object could still cast a shadow within the scene. Or it might be visible from a reflective surface within the scene. Even within a scene, white light that's bounced off a bright red object will tend to color everything struck by that light in red; this effect isn't found in rasterized images. Some of these deficits can be patched up with techniques such as shadow mapping (which allows objects from outside the field of view to cast shadows within it), but the result is that rasterized images always end up looking different from the real world.
Fundamentally, rasterization doesn't work the way that human vision works. We don't emanate a grid of beams from our eyes and see which objects those beams intersect. Rather, light from the world is reflected into our eyes. It may bounce off multiple objects on the way, and as it passes through transparent objects, it can be bent in complex ways.
Enter raytracing
Raytracing is a technique for producing computer graphics that more closely mimics this physical process. Depending on the exact algorithm used, rays of light are projected either from each light source, or from each raster pixel; they bounce around the objects in the scnee until they strike (depending on direction) either the camera or a light source. Projecting rays from each pixel is less computationally intensive, but projecting from the light sources produces higher quality images that replicate certain optical effects accurately. Raytracing can produce substantially more accurate images; advanced raytracing engines can yield photorealistic imagery. This is why raytracing is used for rendering graphics in movies: computer images can be integrated with live-action footage without looking out of place or artificial.
But raytracing has a problem: it is enormously computationally intensive. Rasterization has been extensively optimized to try to restrict the amount of work that the GPU must do; in raytracing, all that effort is for naught, as potentially any object could contribute shadows or reflections to a scene. Raytracing has to simulate millions of beams of light, and some of that simulation may be wasted, reflected off-screen, or hidden behind something else.
This isn't a problem for films; the companies making movie graphics will spend hours rendering individual frames, with vast server farms used to process each image in parallel. But it's a huge problem for games, where you only get 16 milliseconds to draw each frame (for 60 frames per second) or even less for VR.
However, modern GPUs are very fast these days. And while they're not fast enough—yet—to raytrace highly complex games with high refresh rates, they do have enough compute resources that they can be used to do some bits of raytracing. This is where DXR comes in. DXR is a raytracing API that extends the existing rasterization-based Direct3D 12 API. The 3D scene is arranged in a manner that's amenable to raytracing, and with the DXR API, developers can produce rays and trace their path through the scene. DXR also defines new shader types that allow programs to interact with the rays as they interact with objects in the scene.
Because of the performance demands, Microsoft expects that DXR will be used, at least for the time being, to fill in some of the things that raytracing does very well and that rasterization doesn't: things like reflections and shadows. DXR should make these things look more realistic. We might also see simple, stylized games using raytracing exclusively.
The company says that it has been working on DXR for close to a year, and Nvidia in particular has plenty to say about the matter. Nvidia has its own raytracing engine designed for its Volta architecture (though currently, the only video card shipping with Volta is the Titan V, so the application of this is likely limited). When run on a Volta system, DXR applications will automatically use that engine.
Microsoft says vaguely that DXR will work with hardware that's currently on the market and that it will have a fallback layer that will let developers experiment with DXR on whatever hardware they have. Should DXR be widely adopted, we can imagine that future hardware may contain features tailored to the needs of raytracing. On the software side, Microsoft says that EA (with the Frostbite engine used in the Battlefield series), Epic (with the Unreal engine), Unity 3D (with the Unity engine), and others will have DXR support soon.
KNOX COUNTY, Ind, (WTHI)- Donald Wilson is a Captain at the Knox County Jail. He has been doing this for 18 years. He says out of those years flu outbreaks haven't been an issue.
Scroll for more content...
"I mean you'll get the occasional cold or something like that but never like a flu outbreak. You'll get one or two people who may have it and then they treat, our medical staff will treat their symptoms," Wilson.
That's because jails like Knox County have been doing what they can to keep the facility flu-free. Features like video visitation with inmates help prevent the spreading of germs.
The jail staff has been making sure to take care of themselves as well. Sheriff Mike Morris says it has been a high priority to reducing the risk of an outbreak.
"The staff, the 30 some correctional officers to take the flu shots. We maintain cleanliness throughout the facility," said Sheriff Morris.
The jail stresses the importance of keeping their inmates healthy because if there is a flu outbreak, it could cost taxpayers money.
"It takes a stress on staff as well as medical staff that it does cost money to do that and if it does become an outbreak of substantial notice, then I would have to go back to the county council and request more money," said Morris.
As of this year, they haven't had any major flu issues. That's why Captain Wilson will continue staying healthy to prevent a flu outbreak disaster.
"I hope that the staff and the inmates stay healthy and we don't get sick and be down for an extended period of time," said Wilson.
The sheriff's department also told news ten inmates can also ask for the flu vaccine.
A whopping 252 million years ago, Earth was crawling with bizarre animals, including dinosaur cousins resembling Komodo dragons and bulky early mammal-relatives, a million years before dinosaurs even existed. New research shows us that the Permian equator was both a literal and figurative hotspot: it was, for the most part, a scorching hot desert, on top of having a concentration of unique animals. Here, you could find some of the first tetrapods to emerge from the water and live on land, living right next to newly evolved, dinosaur and crocodile-like reptiles. Many of these species were wiped out after an extinction which changed life on the planet forever.
In a paper published in Earth-Science Reviews, paleontologists studied fossil sites all over the world from the late Permian to get an idea of what lived where. They found an unusual assortment of species near the equator, and one that is comparable to the modern tropics--except that the array of large, carnivorous reptiles would look very out of place anywhere on Earth today.
"The tropics act as a diversity center--stuff that has gone extinct elsewhere is still alive there, and there's new stuff evolving," explains Postdoctoral Researcher Brandon Peecook, co-author of the paper. While it makes sense that the warm, wet rainforests we see now have incredible diversity, it seems counterintuitive that these fiery, hot deserts were home to an exceptional range of species, especially because diversity at the equator fluctuates so much historically.
These findings about the late Permian beg the question, "Why are we seeing so much biodiversity at the equator?" This is something scientists have yet to answer, but it shows us that biodiversity at the tropics isn't intuitive, and isn't consistent. What scientists know for sure is that regardless of desert or rainforest, climate change negatively impacts living things.
This unequaled comparison of Permian climate and species distribution to modern events shows us that while many changes are natural and we see them throughout our planet's history, drastic changes like this can be triggered by something much larger--volcanic activity likely caused this in the Permian, and human activity is the suspected culprit today. After the Permian extinction, "it was almost as though the slate had been wiped clean, and all the ecosystems had to rebuild," says Peecook. This event altered life permanently and while new animals evolved and thrived, the process of recovery took millions of years, and the animals that were lost never returned.
"If we want to know how Earth's systems work, what's expected and what's normal, we need to look to the past," and the fossil record is the best measure of ecosystem stability. As we already begin to face extinctions and carbon levels similar to those before the Permian extinction, examining these patterns over time gives us the evidence we need to measure and minimize our impact on climate, preventing further permanent damage to our planet's ecosystems and animals.
###
Russian intelligence officials made repeated contact with members of President Trump's campaign staff, according to new reports that cite anonymous U.S. officials. American agencies were concerned about the contacts but haven't seen proof of collusion between the campaign and the Russian security apparatus, the reports say.
Law enforcement and intelligence agencies intercepted the calls at the same time as they investigated Russia's attempts to tamper with the presidential election, according to The New York Times, which first reported the contacts.
According to CNN, "The communications were intercepted during routine intelligence collection targeting Russian officials and other Russian nationals known to U.S. intelligence."
Both CNN and the Times cite multiple current and former U.S. officials as the sources for their stories.
Reporter Matt Apuzzo, part of the Times team that broke the story, tells NPR's Morning Edition that while officials said they haven't seen proof of collusion — "just the flurry of contacts was enough, and the timing of the contacts, was enough to get them very concerned."
U.S. agencies are still working to determine the reasons behind the contacts, officials tell both news outlets.
President Trump called the reports "conspiracy theories" early Wednesday, in response to the stories:
"The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred," the president wrote. He then added that MSNBC and CNN are "unwatchable," while the Fox News program Fox & Friends "is great."
The Kremlin had a similar response, with Russian Presidential Spokesman Dmitry Peskov saying, "Let us not believe in what media say, for nowadays it is very difficult to tell actual news from fake ones."
That's according to state-run Tass media, which adds that Peskov also criticized the use of anonymous sources by the media.
Allegations about Trump's involvement with Russia have ranged from reports last month of a dossier that alleged collusion between the then-candidate and Russian President Vladimir Putin to a public call from the candidate himself last July, when he urged Russian agents to "find" Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton's emails and release them.
The FBI has been investigating contacts between Trump aides and Russia; in Congress, there are also calls for public investigations. Last month, the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence announced it would investigate allegations that Russia meddled in the U.S. elections.
But there is resistance among Republicans in Congress to go after one of their own, particularly as the new president is settling into the White House.
Republican Rep. Mike Johnson of Louisiana, who's on the House Judiciary Committee, tells Morning Edition, "I don't think we need an independent investigation here, I think we need to let the Intelligence and the Judiciary committees do their work."
That work, he said, includes receiving classified briefings about the new allegations. Johnson also raised questions about leaks in the government — particularly of information that's drawn from surveillance that swept up the communications of U.S. citizens.
"There are some serious legal implications here," Johnson said, "but it has nothing to do with partisan politics. I mean, the leak of highly classified information by what is apparent here — a number of individuals inside our intelligence community — is the illegal act that I think we need to review."
Johnson also faulted intelligence agencies for not doing more to protect the identity of Americans — such as former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn — whose communications with a foreign national were monitored.
New reports of contacts between the Trump campaign and Russia follow the exit of a third member of Donald Trump's inner circle in the past 12 months amid allegations of inappropriate contact with the country:
Michael Flynn resigned as national security adviser this week over the handling of his contacts with Russia's ambassador to the U.S.;
Paul Manafort, resigned as Trump's campaign chairman last August amid reports of his attempts to align Trump's policies with Russian interests;
Carter Page removed himself as a foreign policy adviser last September, as reports emerged about a visit to Russia and other potential contacts.
Manafort and Flynn were among the senior Trump team members who were "regularly communicating with Russian nationals," CNN reports.
In an interview with the Times, Manafort called the officials' account "absurd" and said he had never had anything to do with Putin's government.
Manafort told the newspaper, "It's not like these people wear badges that say, 'I'm a Russian intelligence officer.'"
More Videos 3:15 Cyclist forgives driver who hit, almost paralyzed him Pause 1:23 Frank Martin says there are different ways to be a leader. Who will step forward? 0:43 Columbia secretly pays $224,000 in dispute over clear-cutting 2:18 Las Vegas shooting victims remembered at service 1:19 SC mother recalls 11-year-old son's encounter with would-be kidnapper 1:58 USC vs. Arkansas a bigger physical or mental challenge? 0:57 Look inside the new LulaRoe distribution center 1:18 What's next for South Carolina's offense 3:11 Game preview: Difficult tasks await USC against Arkansas 2:15 Josh Kendall: The good news, bad news from USC's 3-1 start Video Link copy Embed Code copy
Facebook
Twitter
Email
Police officers rescue German Shepherd abandoned on side of highway Troopers from Totowa Station responded to the report of two dogs on the shoulder of Interstate 280 in Newark. One was a Pit Bull that was deceased. The other, a German Shepherd, was rescued and taken back to the station. Troopers from Totowa Station responded to the report of two dogs on the shoulder of Interstate 280 in Newark. One was a Pit Bull that was deceased. The other, a German Shepherd, was rescued and taken back to the station. New Jersey State Police
Troopers from Totowa Station responded to the report of two dogs on the shoulder of Interstate 280 in Newark. One was a Pit Bull that was deceased. The other, a German Shepherd, was rescued and taken back to the station. New Jersey State Police
Share. Before the Storm is all about relationships. Before the Storm is all about relationships.
Life is Strange: Before the Storm does not feature any supernatural powers. There will be no rewinding in Chloe Price's 16-year-old life, no alternate realities or time-bending. This is not Life is Strange 2, which DontNod is quietly working on in Paris.
Instead, Before the Storm is a prequel developed by Colorado-based Deck Nine Games, and it's focused on Chloe Price and her relationship with Rachel Amber. And relationships, says Deck Nine, are what fans loved from the original.
It's certainly what I loved from the original, and what I've seen from Before the Storm, it's going to offer all the wonderful angst that comes from close teenage friendships, or indeed, romantic relationships. Chloe and Rachel's relationship was ambiguous in the original Life is Strange, which opened up a lot of options for exploring what it might have looked like in the prequel.
Playing as Chloe looks very similar to playing as Max, minus the time-travelling (she even has her own version of photography in graffiting). What's markedly different is her attitude, and the more mischievous options that are available to her in Arcadia Bay.
The beginning of the hands-off E3 demo, for example, saw Chloe sneaking into an illegal rock concert in an old mill at the edge of town. She spots a t-shirt vendor leaning against a car trying to sling band tees for 20 bucks, which she does not have. Walking around to the driver's side of the car, Chloe is given the option to release the handbrake. She does, the vendor goes flying, and Chloe steals both the t-shirt and the $200 bucks resting under it.
More chaotic choices like this are peppered throughout the demo, and Deck Nine reminds us that these choices have consequences, both in the short and long term. Chloe goes on to spend the money on weed (from Frank Bowers, returning from the original), and, glancing at a dartboard, mutters “reminds me of the way I make important life choices.”
Our demo of Life is Strange: Before the Storm ends with a couple of quieter scenes, reminding us that underneath the tough girl veneer Chloe is just a 16 year old girl searching for meaning in her life. A fight with an uncharacteristically moody Rachel sees her struggle with words as she tries to tell her how much she means to her, as either ‘a friend', or ‘something more'. The direction that relationship takes is entirely up to you.
Lucy O'Brien is an editor at IGN's Sydney office. Follow her ramblings on Twitter.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
PLYMOUTH, Pa. -- A pregnant cat is recovering after someone shot her in the leg over the weekend – yet another act of animal cruelty in a Pennsylvania borough where residents are trying to track down the person responsible.
The friendly shorthaired cat named Pandora had already lost a lot of blood before she was found near an intersection in Plymouth Saturday, according to WNEP. She was rushed to Pittston Animal Hospital where Dr. Inayat Kathio and the veterinary staff managed to save her life.
"(The) bullet…fractured the cat's long bone and a tendon and cut some blood vessels," Dr. Kathio explained. "It was infected, too, and if I didn't perform surgery, gangrene would've set in and the cat would have lost its leg and ultimately lost its life."
Dr. Kathio, who did emergency surgery on Pandora, is offering a $1,000 reward for more information on who shot Pandora.
"Do you realize the pain when the bullet hits bone and hit the tendon?" Dr. Kathio said. "The animal can feel the pain like we can feel the pain."
Dr. Kathio told WNEP he has treated six cats suffering from gunshot wounds this year, including three from Plymouth. He hopes the reward will lead to justice for Pandora and the other cats.
"One was shot with an arrow from here, came out from the other side. Another cat's jaw was blown off."
Meet Pandora, found this weekend under a car with a bullet in her leg. After life-saving surgery this pregnant cat is recovering in Luzerne County.
Now there's a $1,000 reward for info. Full story later. pic.twitter.com/GZYodD16I3 — Allen Vickers (@AllenWNEP) May 29, 2018
Mary Fromel and Jeff Hollock are a part of "Whisker's World," a nonprofit animal rescue group. They were visiting family when they first saw the cat under a car.
"I stretched the leg out to see what kind of wound it was and the light so happened to catch a bullet sticking out of the leg," Fromel said.
The cat was found just under a car next to a tan brick wall on Parrish Street.
"I am angry," said Mary Fromel. "I am very angry that someone would go to this extent to harm an animal."
Pandora continues her post-surgery recovery at Pittston Animal Hospital, and Dr. Kathio said she's already able to walk, despite the severe injury.
Officials with Whisker's World tell WNEP they along with the SPCA are investigating this incident.
On this Thursday, Aug. 24, 2017, photo, Phil Wiggett, right, a recruiter with the Silicon Valley Community Foundation, looks at a resume during a job fair in San Jose, Calif. On Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, the U.S. government issues the September jobs report. Marcio Jose Sanchez AP Photo
5 Best Ski Lodges In The U.S.A look at five of the very best ski lodges in the United States.
Five Must-See Destinations In ParisWithin the 41 square miles of Paris, France there are over 60 main attractions for visitors to discover ranging from Museums, Churches, Monuments and Squares as well as examples of contemporary and traditional architecture. This is far too many sites for the average tourist to attempt to visit during a short stay in the city of lights. Thus a list of the five most famous and must see attractions is in order.
Five Essential Planning Tips For Your European VacationNothing beats traveling abroad. It's educational, invigorating and just plain fun. With the Pound and Euro inching closer to the value of the U.S. Dollar there has never been a better time to explore new lands. In order to get the very best experience out of your trip it is essential that you put a lot of thought and planning in your preparation. The more pre-planning that you do, the fewer hassles during your travels. Here are some basic tips to get you started on your next “Trip of a Lifetime!”
Vacation With Your Valentine: America's Most Romantic RetreatsAn introduction to five of America's best romantic retreats to celebrate Valentine's Day
Your long layovers just got a bit more bearable.
The Chicago Department of Aviation is stepping into the future and making some much-needed changes.
Instead of the 30-minute limit previously provided for travelers, they will now offer access to UNLIMITED Wi-Fi, along with streaming capabilities. The only caveat is that there will be rolling ads every 45 minutes.
Those who want faster internet speeds can still purchase a one-day or monthly subscription.
Both O'Hare and Midway are undergoing modernization efforts and well, the ability to connect to the internet and stream media is part of that process.
Will this make traveling a bit easier for you?
Researchers at the University of Rochester Medical Center have developed a new imaging technique that could revolutionize how eye health and disease are assessed. The group is first to be able to make out individual cells at the back of the eye that are implicated in vision loss in diseases like glaucoma. They hope their new technique could prevent vision loss via earlier diagnosis and treatment for these diseases.
In a study highlighted in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, Ethan A. Rossi, Ph.D., assistant professor of Ophthalmology at the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine, describes a new method to non-invasively image the human retina, a layer of cells at the back of the eye that are essential for vision. The group, led by David Williams, Ph.D., Dean for Research in Arts, Sciences, and Engineering and the William G. Allyn Chair for Medical Optics at the University of Rochester, was able to distinguish individual retinal ganglion cells (RGCs), which bear most of the responsibility of relaying visual information to the brain.
There has been a longstanding interest in imaging RGCs because their death causes vision loss in glaucoma, the second leading cause of acquired blindness worldwide. Despite great efforts, no one has successfully captured images of individual RGCs, in part because they are nearly perfectly transparent.
Instead of imaging RGCs directly, glaucoma is currently diagnosed by assessing the thickness of the nerve fibers projecting from the RGCs to the brain. However, by the time retinal nerve fiber thickness has changed detectably, a patient may have lost 100,000 RGCs or more.
"You only have 1.2 million RGCs in the whole eye, so a loss of 100,000 is significant," said Williams. "The sooner we can catch the loss, the better our chances of halting disease and preventing vision loss."
Rossi and his colleagues were able to see RGCs by modifying an existing technology - confocal adaptive optics scanning light ophthalmoscopy (AOSLO). They collected multiple images, varying the size and location of the detector they used to gather light scattered out of the retina for each image, and then combined those images. The technique, called multi-offset detection, was performed at the University of Rochester Medical Center in animals as well as volunteers with normal vision and patients with age-related macular degeneration.
Not only did this technique allow the group to visualize individual RGCs, but structures within the cells, like nuclei, could also be distinguished in animals. If Rossi can achieve that level of resolution in humans, he hopes to be able to assess glaucoma before the retinal nerve fiber thins - and even before any RGCs die - by detecting size and structure changes in RGC cell bodies.
While RGCs were the main focus of Rossi's investigations, they are just one type of cell that can be imaged using this new technique. In age-related macular degeneration, cone photoreceptors that detect color and are important for central vision are the first to die. AOSLO has been used to image cones before, but these cells were difficult to see in areas near Drusen, fatty deposits that are the most common early sign of the disease. Using their multi-offset technique in age-related macular degeneration patients, Rossi was able to assess the health of cones near Drusen and in areas where the retina had been damaged.
"This technique offers the opportunity to evaluate many cell classes that have previously remained inaccessible to imaging in the living eye," said Rossi. "Not only RGCs, but potentially other translucent cell classes and cellular structures."
Rossi and his colleagues warn that their study included a small number of volunteers and an even smaller number of age-related macular degeneration patients. More studies will be needed to improve the robustness of the technique and ensure their results are reproducible before it can be widely used in the clinic. Rossi is now setting up his own laboratory at the University of Pittsburgh and plans to continue working with Williams' group in studying this technique and its ability to detect changes in retinal cells over the course of retinal diseases.
###
“Too much traffic on the roads to clear the snow”
11/12/17 - Flanders isn't used to heavy snowfall like on Monday. Many drivers set out to brave the elements. Veva Daniels of the Roads Agency explains that snowploughs had to wait until there were fewer vehicles on the road before clearing the snow.
VRT ???media.video.type.mz_vod???
“Too much traffic on the roads to clear the snow”
11/12/17 - Flanders isn't used to heavy snowfall like on Monday. Many drivers set out to brave the elements. Veva Daniels of the Roads Agency explains that snowploughs had to wait until there were fewer vehicles on the road before clearing the snow.
JOHANNESBURG - SAs rand bounced back over 1 percent on Wednesday as the dollar fell from nearly seven month highs seen on Tuesday.
Stocks fell for another session as emerging market stocks fell to five month lows.
At 1516 GMT, the rand was up 1.16 percent to the dollar at 12.5550.
The greenback eased off its recent rally as first quarter GDP growth data released on Wednesday was at 2.2 percent, lower than forecast.
The dollar was down 0.50 percent.
“The rand has been quite resilient against its emerging market peers because our fundamentals are looking a bit better,” said Andre Botha, currency trader at Treasury One.
Botha said that April trade data being released on Thursday was expected to be upbeat and positive for the rand. The trade balance was in surplus for the previous two months.
The yield for the government bond due 2026 was barely changed, up 1 basis point to 8.540.
Stocks ended lower, extending the losing streak to the third straight session in line with emerging markets peers as investors fret over Italy's political crisis.
The benchmark JSE Top-40 index fell 0.7 percent to 49,287 and the broader All-share index was off 0.6 percent to 55,601.
Among movers, Gold Fields lost 2.4 percent as the price of bullion faltered. On the upside, Spar and Nampak gained 2.3 percent and 2.9 percent, boosted stronger earnings reports.
-Reuters
SINGAPORE, April 13 Crude oil futures slid for a second session on Thursday, moving away from a one-month high touched in the last session as rising U.S. inventories stoked worries about global oversupply.
Benchmark Brent crude futures slid 24 cents, or 0.4 percent, to $55.62 a barrel in early Asian trade. The market climbed to a one-month high of $56.65 on Wednesday before losing ground.
U.S. West Texas Intermediate crude futures were down 23 cents, or 0.4 percent, at $52.88 a barrel. They touched their highest since March 7 at $53.76 barrel in the last session.
Traders focused on preliminary U.S. production estimates in the weekly Energy Information Administration (EIA) report that suggested domestic output is still climbing. The report also showed stockpiles at the U.S. crude hub at Cushing, Oklahoma, rose 276,000 barrels in the week.
"U.S. oil production rose to the highest level in over a year, leaving oil prices weaker on the day after the U.S. EIA released its data," ANZ said in a note.
"U.S. production rose 36,000 barrels per day, the most since January 2016 and the Baker Hughes rig count of 672 is the highest since August 2015."
Brent and WTI have rallied in recent sessions after Saudi Arabia was reported to be pushing fellow OPEC members and some rivals to prolong supply cuts beyond June.
OPEC and other producers, including Russia, agreed late in November to curb output by around 1.8 million barrels per day in the first half of 2017 to rein in oversupply.
The U.S. data followed bullish reports from OPEC nations, which said they had cut March output beyond measures they had promised, according to figures the group published in a monthly report, as it sticks to an effort to clear a glut that has weighed on prices.
However, OPEC also raised its forecast for supplies from non-member countries in 2017 as higher prices encourage U.S. shale drillers to pump more, reducing demand for OPEC's oil this year. (Reporting by Naveen Thukral; Editing by Joseph Radford)
An Ottawa teen who carried out a “week-long assault” — spray-painting racist graffiti on targeted religious buildings just weeks shy of his 18th birthday — will not be sentenced as an adult, a judge ruled Monday.
Ontario Court Justice Peter Griffiths was satisfied that a youth sentence would be enough to hold the teen accountable and dismissed the Crown's application to have the teen sentenced as an adult.
The teen was less than one month from becoming an adult in the eyes of the law when he was charged with the offences committed in November 2016. The offences were planned and deliberate and the teen extensively researched his chosen targets. The teen knew what he was doing was illegal and would cause “considerable consternation and upset in the community,” Griffiths said.
The teen, with a short beard and closely cropped light brown hair, wore a black hoodie and stared at the floor throughout nearly all of the morning's proceedings.
After his arrest, the teen didn't see the value of counselling his racist ideologies, had minimal interaction with staff and peers at his youth detention facility, continued to use racist symbols and had gotten into two fights with others in custody. In June, he attacked a Muslim youth as he finished his prayers.
Dr. John Fedoroff, the forensic psychiatrist who assessed the teen, testified that the teen may be in the early stages of developing paranoid schizophrenia but could not say for certain. If that diagnosis is accurate, it would fully develop in the next two years. That same doctor said that jailing the teen with adult criminals would increase his risk of adopting further criminal behaviours.
On social media, prior to his arrest, the teen was brazen with his racist beliefs. “I kill n—— for breakfast, Muslims for lunch, c—– for dinner,” he wrote.
Yet there is no evidence that he belongs to any organized group or movement.
“He is an alienated loner in all things, including his radical beliefs,” Griffiths said.
Since being in custody, the teen's relationships have improved, he's completed the last of the credits he needed to get his high school diploma and has met with a counsellor weekly since December. He's also started looking into how to cover up the racist tattoos he etched into his body and is making strides in a trades program where the coordinator considers him a “hardworker” who is “eager to assist staff.”
Moving him into the adult criminal justice system would “endanger” the progress and relationships the teen has managed to make, Griffiths said.
The teen is set to be sentenced on Aug. 28.
syogaretnam@postmedia.com
twitter.com/shaaminiwhy
TUESDAY, July 3, 2018 (HealthDay News) -- A triple whammy of genetics, smoking, and exposure to paints and solvents at work puts a person at extremely high risk of developing multiple sclerosis, Swedish researchers report.
On its own, any one factor elevates the risk for the central nervous system disease substantially, the investigators said. But when all three factors line up, the risk jumps 30-fold.
"This is a novel finding" that suggests combined risk is much higher than the sum of its parts, said study author Dr. Anna Hedstrom.
But why? Chronic lung irritation is the likely common denominator, she said, adding that ultimately it is the "immune response that results in MS, primarily in those with a genetic susceptibility to the disease."
Hedstrom works in the department of clinical neuroscience with the Institute of Environmental Medicine at the Karolinska Institute in Stockholm.
Multiple sclerosis is an often disabling disease of the central nervous system. Though the study did not prove cause and effect, and the exact cause of MS remains unclear, the U.S.-based National Multiple Sclerosis Society cites a number of possible environmental factors. Those include low vitamin D levels, childhood obesity, smoking and viral/bacterial exposure.
On the genetic front, MS experts stress that the disease is not itself an inherited illness. However, about 200 genes have been linked to MS risk.
That means that "people with a family history of MS may have a genetic susceptibility to the disease," Hedstrom said.
In fact, she noted that the gene most strongly associated with MS is quite common, carried by an estimated 30 percent of the general population.
That said, the MS society pegs the overall risk for developing MS at roughly 1 in every 750 to 1,000 people. That means that MS is rare, "and most people do not develop the disease," Hedstrom said.
In the study, Hedstrom's team collected and analyzed blood samples from just over 2,000 MS patients, alongside nearly 3,000 healthy participants.
In addition to smoking histories, all MS patients were asked to detail occupational exposure to a list of organic solvents, painting products and varnishes.
Genetic testing was done on blood samples to identify those people carrying one of two genes -- one that elevates MS risk and one that lowers it.
On average, MS patients had been 34 when first diagnosed. Those citing solvent exposure were more likely to be painters, printers and chemical engineers, said Hedstrom.
Ultimately, the researchers determined that such exposure upped MS risk by 50 percent, relative to those with no exposure.
Among those with a genetic predisposition and organic solvent exposure, MS risk rose sevenfold. About 60 percent of all the MS cases seen fell into this category.
Yet the highest MS risk by far was seen among those who also had a history of smoking. The triple threat drove up MS risk 30-fold.
The study was published Tuesday online in the journal Neurology.
"More research is needed to understand the mechanisms behind our findings," said Hedstrom. "But what you can do to reduce the risk of MS, especially if you have MS in the family, is avoiding smoking and unnecessary exposure to organic solvents, and especially the combination of these exposures."
That advice was seconded by Dr. Gabriele DeLuca, an associate professor in the department of clinical neurosciences at John Radcliffe Hospital in Oxford, England. He wrote an editorial accompanying the study.
While calling for more research, DeLuca said, "in the meantime, avoidance of cigarette smoke and unnecessary exposure to organic solvents, particularly in combination, would appear reasonable lifestyle modifications to reduce the risk of MS, especially in those with a family history of the disease."
There's more about multiple sclerosis at the National Multiple Sclerosis Society.
Copyright © 2018 HealthDay. All rights reserved.
UPDATE 3-Nestle takes food price rises in its stride
ZURICH, Aug 9 Nestle expects pressure from the rising price of ingredients for its products such as chocolate bars, coffee and soup to ease, helping it meet its target for increasing sales despite tough markets.
Despite winning the scoring battle in the first and fourth quarter, the Washburn Ichabod women's basketball fell to Emporia State, 73-61, on Tuesday at Schendel Court at Lee Arena.
Washburn (16-9, 9-7 MIAA) grabbed and early 5-2 advantage thanks to consecutive buckets from Alyxis Bowens , who tallied 16 points during the first half. Emporia State (21-4, 12-4 MIAA) then responded with a 10-4 run pushing to retake the lead at 12-9. Bowens and Erika Lane then combined for an 8-0 run to give WU a 17-12 advantage before Addie Lackey trimmed the margin with a buzzer beating 3-pointer.
The Ichabods took their largest lead of the night and extended their advantage to seven as they scored the first four points of the second to make it 22-15. The Lady Hornets then overwhelm WU beginning with a 9-0 run to make it 24-22 before closing the period with a 18-5 run to take a 42-27 advantage into halftime.
After allowing the first basket of the new half, Washburn went on 12-6 run to narrow the margin to 50-39 following a pair of free throws from Reagan Phelan to make it 50-39. The 11-point margin was the closet the Ichabods got the rest of the way.
Washburn outscored Emporia 17-13 during the final period including a 7-0 run to end the game but the late effort was not enough to overcome ESU's 19-point margin.
Except for a cold shooting second quarter (3-of-11), the Ichabods shot well as they finished 23-for-56 from the field for a 41.1 percent mark while Emporia State finished 49.1 percent from the floor. The Lady Hornets also edged out WU in rebounding, 33-32.
Bowens added 10 points during the second half en rout to finishing with a game-high 26. She also led all players in rebounding with eight. Jharian Bowen and Reagan Phelan followed with 12 and 11 points respectively, while Bowen pulled down six boards.
Washburn continues its season-ending homestand on Saturday when it welcomes Southwest Baptist to Lee Arena. Saturday's contest will tip off at 5 p.m. and will the team's annual WBCA PinkZone Night to help continue the fight and raise awareness against breast cancer.
By ANDY WOLF
STAFF WRITER
Brock Reinhard put himself through the ringer just to get back into pole vaulting form.
So far, all of his hard work has paid off.
The Elmwood senior endured an injury-plagued junior year that prevented him from even competing last spring.
Now, he's back on course.
Reinhard will compete for the last time Friday at the Division III state meet at Ohio State's Jesse Owens Memorial Stadium in Columbus. The boys pole vault begins at 4 p.m.
After picking up a regional title last week in Tiffin, he's one of seven vaulters seeded at 14 feet or better. Ansonia's Brock Shellhaas and Covington's Jett Murphy share the top mark of 14-8.
“My main goal was to get on the podium at state,” Reinhard said. “I'd like to set my goals high and get on top of that podium.”
Reinhard made it to the regional stage as a freshman and as a sophomore.
The potential was evident.
Then came one of the toughest stretches of injuries imaginable.
Reinhard, projected to be the Royals' starting quarterback for football, broke his collarbone a few weeks before the season opener.
Once healthy for basketball season, he tore his ACL two days before Christmas during the seventh game of the season.
Reinhard was out of physical activity until June.
“I did everything I could,” Reinhard said. “I built my legs up. Football season came up and I decided not to play.
“It was tough letting my team down, obviously, but I knew everything I wanted to do was right here.”
Reinhard did go out for basketball his senior season.
During the season, he also went to a pole vaulting camp in Bellevue each Sunday under the coaching of Shawn Beamer.
“We started from the basics,” Reinhard said. “Going into that, I hadn't jumped for about a year and a half.”
Reinhard finished the camp and the basketball season fully healthy.
His focus on staying confident got him through it.
“Don't try to baby my right leg because if you're babying that leg, something else could happen to your left leg,” he said.
Towards the end of his vaulting camp he was clearing 13-foot bungees.
But abysmal weather kept him grounded at 11-6 in his first meet of the season.
He's stayed at 13-even or better ever since.
“Working my way into this year, it's obviously fell right where I wanted it to go,” he said.
Reinhard peaked at 14-6 earlier in the season and has cleared at least 14-0 in his last five meets.
He earned conference (14-0), district (14-3) and regional titles (14-0) in the process and has yet to be beat in a meet.
Reinhard feels 15-0 might put him on top of the podium at Columbus.
Either way, the competition excites him.
“One thing that I love to think about is all of the competition that I'm going to have,” Reinhard said. “Performing at that meet, at that time, has to happen.”
Reinhard does keep track of his state-wide competition.
He correctly knew three Division III vaulters have surpassed the 15-foot threshold at some point this year.
Defending state champ and Newcomerstown's Ryan Stevens won it last year at 15-2 but failed to advance out of districts with no height this year.
His teammate Hunter Garretson has the top Division III mark of 15-1 according to track and field website milesplit.com.
“I'm definitely just going to jump my jumps,” Reinhard said. “Wherever those heights take me is where I'm going to be happy with.”
Wolf, 419-427-8496,
Send an E-mail to andywolf
Comments
comments
Leinster MFC round five
Offaly 1-11 Louth 2-12
Louth minors made it two Leinster Championship wins in a row with a well-earned four-point victory over Offaly in Tullamore on Tuesday night.
The victory perhaps poses the question of what might have been for the Malcolm McDonnell/Tom Rooney-managed Reds following their two successive wins after the exams break - last week's three-point triumph against Westmeath having been their first of the competition.
Their main issue in the earlier losses to Dublin and Meath, but particularly in the draw with Wicklow, was conceding goals and while they don't look to have eradicated that frailty altogether, their forwards were well up for the challenge last night as they ended Offaly's hopes of reaching the semi-final of the main competition.
Instead, their year is over - Louth having pipped them to the final Shield semi-final place courtesy of their fourth and fifth placed finishes in the six-team group. The Wee County will face Longford there, with Dublin opposing Wexford.
In terms of last night's game, Cathal Flynn's early goal for the hosts had them in the ascendancy for much of the first half. And though they led 1-5 to 1-4 at the break, Craig Lennon's three-pointer for Louth toward the end of the half gave them a fighting chance entering the second period.
The Reds were seven in arrears in Mullingar in round four, before prevailing by three, and while not as spectacular, their second half turnaround here was impressive. A nip and tuck half saw the teams level at 1-11 apiece entering injury time, at which stage St. Fechin's clubman Ryan Walsh struck for the match-winning goal. Cathal Fleming's six points after the break were also crucial to Louth's victory.
Offaly: Seán O'Toole; Aaron Brazil, Kieran Dolan, Briain Nolan; Ed Cullen (0-1), Rory Egan, Harry Balsiger; Cathal Donoghue, Morgan Tynan (0-1); Peter Bennett, Seán Courtney, Mikey Cunningham (0-2); Jack Bryant (0-3), Aaron Kellaghan (0-2, one free), Cathal Flynn (1-1)
Subs: James Nolan for Bennett (40), Daniel Lowry (0-1) for Courtney (43), Cormac Delaney for Cunningham (50), Luke Egan for Donoghue (53)
Louth: James McGillick; Finbarr Lynch, Paul McEvoy, Tom Jackson; Rúairí Hanlon, Craig Shevlin (0-1), Gabriel Bell (0-1); Ryan Walsh (1-0), Joe Mee; Bobby Butterly, Dáire Nally, Cathal Fleming (0-6, four frees); Seán Healy, Conal McCaul (0-3), Craig Lennon (1-1)
Sub: Conor Quigley for Mee (53)
Referee: Darragh Sheppard (Dublin)
Lake Country - The farm has its sights on Old Vernon Road
The Kangaroo Creek Farm wants to move out of Lake Country.
The Regional District of the Central Okanagan gave its support to the farm's proposal to move from Lake Country to Old Vernon Road near the airport, during a regular district meeting May 28.
The proposed site on Old Vernon Road is currently undeveloped and has not been used for agricultural purposes for years, according to a report which was presented to the regional district.
Kelowna International Airport staff has no objections to the proposal and Kelowna engineering staff has also given its support pending the driveway's location remains opposite of Postill Drive, there's sufficient on-site parking and there's no off-site parking on Old Vernon Road.
Related: Animals hopping for Easter
The new site will allow for increased parking space, as well as room to expand as the kangaroo farm continues to grow, owner Caroline MacPherson said.
The farm will use 11 of the 55-acre property. The proposed site can also house up to 400 cars.
At the farm's current location, about 400 people walk through the site per day during its shoulder months. During peak season, the farm experiences as many as 4,000 people per day, the report said. The updated parking spaces will allow for future growth and will accommodate larger vehicles like buses and campers.
The lease that accounts for three-quarters of the current farm's location is also for up for sale for development, and there's no guarantee that the parking near the A&W or the district-owned parking spots will be available in the future, MacPherson said.
“Even with the issue of the land being sold wasn't in the mix, we would still be in a tenure situation and we would be still looking to move,” she said. “It was land of the right flavour, one of the things that people appreciate is that it's rural.”
The new property already has a farmhouse, which will be revitalized as part of a picnic area. The new location will also have multiple pastures with a picnic area.
It's is also ideal for easy access to the highway with multiple points of access along Old Vernon Road, she said.
Although noise concerns were brought up by the airport in the report, MacPherson believes the animals won't be affected.
“We get almost as much noise where we are now because of the flight paths with the planes directly overhead.”
Lake Country residents have been supportive, she said.
“While they're sad to be leaving the community, it's only going to be five minutes down the street.”
The proposal will have to be approved by the Agricultural Land Commission before the farm can move.
MacPherson said the goal is to move the farm before May long weekend in 2020.
@carliberry_
carli.berry@kelownacapnews.com
Like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Beautiful today. Increasing clouds tonight with a chance for rain and thunderstorms Friday. - Eric
“When Steve Wozniak co-founded Apple with Steve Jobs in 1976, the two Steves assumed it would last forever,” Jon Swartz reports for USA Today. “Woz still believes that's true. In fact, he's convinced Apple, Google and Facebook will be bigger in 2075, the theme of next weekend's Silicon Valley Comic Con (SVCC) , ‘The Future of Humanity: Where Will We Be in 2075?'”
“‘Apple will be around a long time, like IBM (which was founded in 1911),' Wozniak said in an interview on Friday. ‘Look at Apple's cash ($246.1 billion, as of the end of its last fiscal quarter). It can invest in anything. It would be ridiculous to not expect them to be around (in 2075). The same goes for Google and Facebook,'” Swartz reports. “Deserts could be ideal locations for cities of the future, designed and built from scratch, according to Wozniak. There, housing problems will not exist and people will shuttle among domed structures. Special wearable suits will allow people to venture outside, he said.”
Read more in the full article here.
2:05 USC students and homeowners share neighborhoods in 2015 Pause
1:19 A love story for the ages
0:54 North Carolina and South Carolina schools get a C-
0:47 Beaufort wife: I wanted him to have 'best kidney he could possibly have'
1:24 Dramatic footage of New Orleans tornado as it tears through warehouse
1:35 Martha Stewart's advice to her younger self
2:00 Jeff Sessions sworn in as U.S. attorney general
1:00 Soldier surprises wife her during basketball game at Limestone College
0:59 Tombstone set up for former major leaguer gunned down in Lancaster
× Trump administration puts the brakes on Obamacare birth control mandate
In a blow to Obamacare's controversial contraceptive mandate, employers may now have more leeway to withhold birth control coverage on religious grounds, according to new rules issued by the US Department of Health and Human Services on Friday.
The rules would let a broad range of employers — including nonprofits, private firms and publicly traded companies — stop offering free contraceptives through their health insurance plans if they have a “sincerely held religious or moral objection,” senior agency officials said on a call about the implementation and enforcement of the new rules.
This could apply to the roughly 200 entities that have participated in about 50 lawsuits over birth control coverage, according to the agency, which said that “99.9% of women” who currently receive birth control through the contraceptive mandate would not be affected. At the time of the call, it was unclear how the administration arrived at this data point.
But policy experts argue that this could open the door to hundreds of employers dropping coverage.
This is the latest in a series of moves that undermine an Obamacare mandate requiring that birth control be covered with no co-pay as a preventive essential health benefit.
Over 55 million US women have birth control coverage with zero out-of-pocket costs, according to the National Women's Law Center. The mandate saved women an estimated $1.4 billion on birth control pills alone in 2013, according to the center.
“There is no way to know how many women will be affected,” said Alina Salganicoff, director of women's health policy at the Kaiser Family Foundation, a nonprofit that focuses on health policy research and communications.
“HHS leaders under the current administration are focused on turning back the clock on women's health,” Dr. Haywood L. Brown, president of the American Congress of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, said in a statement. “Reducing access to contraceptive coverage threatens to reverse the tremendous progress our nation has made in recent years in lowering the unintended pregnancy rate.”
Brown said that weakening contraception coverage could also take a toll on maternal mortality, community health and economic stability of women and families.
The move comes more than three years after the US Supreme Court ruled that “closely held corporations” — in that case, Hobby Lobby — could be exempt from providing certain kinds of birth control to their employees.
What has been a limited exemption for churches and religious organizations now broadens to include a number of nonprofit and for-profit organizations that object to contraceptive coverage on religious and moral grounds.
The latest announcement builds upon an executive order in May claiming “to protect and vigorously promote religious liberty” by providing “regulatory relief” for organizations that object on religious grounds to Obamacare coverage requirements for certain health services, including contraception.
“We will never, ever stand for religious discrimination. Never, ever,” President Donald Trump said at the time.
Before the girls birthday dinner in Vegas! I felt so girly & cute in my lil pink @whiterunway dress! I got a lot of compliments on it, what do you guys think? @whiterunway
A post shared by Olivia Pierson (@oliviapierson) on Feb 12, 2017 at 5:17pm PST
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Much-loved teacher Tobias Hamer drowned in a tragic kayaking accident despite heroic efforts by strangers to save him, an inquest has heard.
Tobias, 23, who was originally from Gloucester but most recently lived in Milton Abbas in Dorset, where he taught at Milton Abbey Boarding School, was an experienced kayaker who had enrolled on a two-day advanced white water safety and rescue course at the River Dart Country Park in Devon.
But the "young man with a real zest for life" tragically died on the morning of December 7 after his kayak became stuck on a branch from a fallen tree, which was blocking the river.
A major rescue operation involving Dartmoor Search and Rescue, swift water rescue specialists, fire crews, police and paramedics took place at the time, but it was too late, the inquest heard.
The Gloucester-born teacher was in a party of six, all strangers to him, who had arranged to meet beforehand to kayak down the river, the hearing was told.
(Image: Fireball Sailing UK)
Simon Westgarth, who was leading the safety course, invited Toby, along with everyone else enrolled on the two-day course, to meet him that morning via email.
In a statement read out by the coroner's assistant on behalf of Mr Westgarth, who is experienced water sports instructor, it was heard the instructor had asked Toby if he was comfortable kayaking the water conditions, and made sure to assess his ability, so that he too felt comfortable.
The statement said: "[Toby] said he was very happy with it and had completed it under the same conditions previously. I was more than happy with his ability whilst watching him. As he continued down the river, I was advising about the best points to take."
When the group reached Sarah's Pool, they took the left channel of the river where it split into two. During the autumn a tree fell blocking that part of the river, which Simon said he "took a sharp left to avoid the remains of the stump".
Simon was the first in the group, followed by five others, including Graham Milton, Toby, and Edward Cornfield, the inquest heard.
The statement continued: "I heard shouting coming from behind me and I immediately got out my kayak and ran up the river bank. Toby had got stuck.
"I could see that he was trying to take a breath but his kayak was on its side."
Edward Cornfield, whose statement was also read out in the coroner's court, said: "The [fallen] tree is quite obvious, however it has a lower branch below which can normally be seen when the water levels are lower."
(Image: Dartmoor Search and Rescue)
Mr Cornfield also got out of his kayak when he was alerted to the problem, the court heard.
He said he could see a "person and kayak pinned by the tree, and the person submerged under the water".
The statement added: "I couldn't see who the person was, it immediately looked very serious. I jumped onto the bank and I grabbed a throw line, I could see hands moving just above the surface."
Graham Milton, who was closest to Toby, said he became stuck on something in the water.
"Toby's kayak then hit mine and I was knocked slightly clear," Graham said in the statement. He added that he didn't know if Toby purposely helped unwedge him, or if it was an accident.
Mr Milton said that when he looked behind him, he saw "Toby's body facing downstream" with the kayak on its side.
The group of five then made over 20 different attempts over a two-hour period to rescue Toby, "risking their own lives".
Mr Cornfield said that in the beginning when they could see Toby's hands, they made several attempts to chuck him a rope so that he could grab onto it and be pulled from the river.
At first, Toby was able to grab onto the rope but he “couldn't keep hold and let go”.
"It became apparent that Toby was severely pinned,” it was read out in Mr Cornfield's statement.
In an attempt to save Toby, Mr Cornfield entered the fast-flowing river attached to a clip rope on the back of his harness. The inquest heard that the kayak was two to three feet underwater at this point.
Mr Cornfield said: "I made three to four attempts, but was unable to grab the boat. Throughout these attempts I noticed that Toby's arms had stopped moving. The boat was completely submerged. I realised things were not good.
"At this stage, we were so close to grabbing the boat and Toby, but due to the water flow we kept being pushed past, unable to grab Toby."
At around 9.20am, Mr Cornfield said two other kayakers arrived and "by chance" he knew them both and they joined the rescue. The group made multiple attempts to rescue Toby, but "the current was too strong to access him".
The group of men realised that they had been trying to rescue Toby for over an hour and realised that now "it was a recovery rather than a rescue”.
"I felt Toby was very unlucky,” the statement concluded. “Toby appeared to have been having a ball. As if it was the best day of his life."
Emergency services arrived on the wrong side of the river at first, around 11am, the inquest heard.
DC Tim Lavercombe, officer in charge of the investigation, said there was no suspicious involvement and that after interviewing those involved, it was agreed Toby was a “competent” kayaker who would not have struggled with conditions on that day.
Assistant Coroner, Stephen Covell, concluded: "In my view it was a dreadful accident with no one to blame. The cause of death is […] drowning."
Mr Covell added: "I have to say that I feel that their [the kayaking group] attempts to try and rescue Toby are heroic. The risk to which they put their own lives in danger.
"I offer my heart-felt condolences to Toby's family, and to those who knew him."
If this bill becomes law, be sure to read every page of your insurance contract
So you went out, told an insurance agent what you wanted and got your policy in the mail, complete with a cover sheet of what coverage you have.
Now if lawmakers get their way, you'll have to read that whole multi-page contract to be sure that you're getting what you want.
Legislation awaiting Senate action would spell out in statute that it would not matter what's on that cover sheet and synopsis of benefits. Instead, only what is actually in the contract would govern – even if that page of declarations clearly says otherwise.
And there's something else in HB2045, which cleared the House last week on a 35-23 party-line vote. If there are differences between the English version of the contract and any version in a foreign language your agent gives you, the English version governs.
Rep. David Livingston, R-Peoria, is pitching the measure as one of consumer protection.
He said insurance companies are afraid to provide contracts in languages other than English for fear that something might not have been translated correctly and a policyholder could claim that he or she is entitled to coverage based on the Spanish-language version.
And Rep. Mark Finchem, R-Oro Valley, said that's only proper given that a state constitutional amendment makes English the official language.
“We spend hundreds of millions of dollars in our public education system on something called ‘English language learning,'” he said. “Yet, we are making excuses for people to not learn the English language.”
But Rep. Mitzi Epstein, D-Tempe, said that focus on foreign language misses the key point of the legislation: Policyholders would no longer be able to rely on that cover page to determine if they got the insurance they wanted.
“This is about that declarations page… and looking out for consumers,” she said.
“If we leave the law alone, they can trust the declarations page,” Epstein argued. “If we change this, all of our constituents will have to read every single word of their contracts in order to trust what's going on in their policy.”
Rep. Isela Blanc, D-Tempe, questioned Livingston during a floor debate about the change, noting his comments that it is good for insurance customers. She wanted to know whether the changes are actually requested by those who buy policies.
“Citizens of the state of Arizona asked me to run this bill,” Livingston replied.
But that answer clearly did not satisfy Blanc.
“These so-called citizens, are they connected to insurance agencies, companies, groups, special interests related to insurance?” she asked.
“Yes,” he finally conceded.
Blanc said that proves HB2045 has nothing to do with consumer protection and will lead to policyholders being misled. And she cited her own practices as an insurance consumer.
“I have home insurance. I have car insurance,” she said. “I trust that my insurance company, in the one- or two-page sheet has covered me. And I do not go through the contract.”
Blanc said she presumes that's the case with most policyholders.
But it wasn't only the issue of consumer protection that resulted in all House Democrats voting against the change. Rep. Eric Descheenie, D-Chinle, pointed out to Republican legislators that they could eventually come to regret the idea that the majority should determine what the official language of Arizona is and that documents in other languages have no legal force.
“It's a statistical certainty that in our lifetime the Latino community, the Hispanic community, is going to become the most populous race amongst us,” he told his House colleagues. “I would like to think we would begin to shift away from English version in terms of institutionalizing some of these discussions and these bodies of law, given where we're headed.”
Descheenie said he comes from an area where the majority speaks neither English nor Spanish. And he said that's not just reflecting the Navajo language but also the Hopi.
“Mind you, there are 22 recognized tribes in the state,” he continued.
The city of Houston and Harris County animal shelters are both seeing a spike in the number of animals they've taken in.
BARC has space for 550 animals but as of Wednesday morning, it had taken in almost 750 cats and dogs.
Adriane Fadely with BARC said the overpopulation of animals in Houston is undeniable.
“It's constant,” Fadely said. “We're taking anywhere between 80 to 150 a day sometimes.”
Space is running low at BARC. Everywhere you look there's a pair of eyes looking back at you begging for a forever home.
Fadely said BARC has taken in more than 10,000 animals this year.
She said, “We are probably on track to maybe go over 27,000 this year so we're hoping that maybe we can prevent that by educating our community.”
At the Harris County Animal Shelter the numbers are just as staggering.
Dr. Michael White, Director of Harris County Veterinary Public Health Division, said last year the shelter took in 18,000 animals.
This year he said intake numbers are up 24 percent. If it the trend continues the shelter could peak at over 22,000 animals.
Both shelters believe strays and surrenders are part of the problem but there are other reasons for the area's severe animal problem.
Dr. White said, “Part of it is community. They're perception of what is proper care of animal and we do promote responsible pet ownership.”
He said the weather can play a factor.
“In this area it doesn't get very cold in the winter so there are litters of puppies and kittens born all year round,” he said.
According to the American Veterinary Medical Association, other major cities like Dallas, Los Angeles and Las Vegas have adopted mandatory spay and neuter ordinances that help control the pet population.
The Houston City Council considered an ordinance in 2008 but it did not gain any traction.
We reached out to Mayor Sylvester Turner's office for comment on the possibility of a city ordinance mandating spaying and neutering.
His office stated the Department of Administration and Regulatory Affairs, which runs BARC, doesn't recommend addition animal control ordinances to the mayor because they believe educating pet owners about their options, and the alternatives to abandonment, would have a better outcome.
Dr. White said, “I would like to see mandatory spay and neuter. Now a city can write ordinances that a county cannot. This county is an extension of state government and we can only do what the state government allows us to do.”
Fadely adds people often times can't afford spaying and neutering their animals.
“We're asking that people take advantage of day low cost spay and neuter programs or free programs that may be in their local area,” Fadely said.
BARC officials said after Hurricane Harvey so many people came forward to foster but foster homes are now tapped out and tired because it's the same people fostering over and over.
© 2018 KHOU
The Holyoke Police Department announced Monday the results of Operation Full Throttle, a multi-department sting that is now in it's fourth year.
Scroll for more content...
Investigators said that this year's operation was even more successful than in the past.
"Operation Full Throttle IV was a complete team effort to bring to bear all our resources, and our other law enforcement partners, on those that would prey on others," said Holyoke Police Chief James Neiswanger.
Today, Neiswanger announced a very productive month of June for officers involved in this year's Operation Full Throttle, which is a large-scale crackdown that has resulted in hundreds of arrests.
In all, there were 446 arrests during Operation Full Throttle IV and part of that end result is these 446 mugshots adorning the Holyoke Police Department's wall.
Holyoke Police Lt. Albert announced Monday afternoon that 28-year-old Jose Laboy was also arrested as a result of Operation Full Throttle IV.
Laboy is facing up to 34 counts of distribution of heroin or cocaine. Lt. Albert said Laboy was previously arrested in March of this year for distribution of heroin, and is currently on probation for nine counts of distribution of narcotics in 2015.
"Given the numerous times he's been charged with Distribution of Heroin and Cocaine over the past three years we are hoping that the Courts will see fit to place significant bail on this suspect as he is a clear and present danger to the citizens of Holyoke," Lt. Albert wrote.
The chief said that these mugshots are putting a face on the dangerous, some committing acts that could have led to the death of others.
"The ones that are distributing this poison, we'd like to see locked up and stay locked up. They're killing people directly and indirectly. The same with the gun offenders," Neiswanger explained.
Western Mass News, looking through the items seized, found items including:
Six handguns
Two rifles
450 grams of cocaine (including 129 bags of powdered cocaine, 502 bags of crack cocaine, and nearly half a kilogram (391 grams) of powered cocaine)
50 grams of heroin
Three motor vehicles
$11,000 in cash
Several walkie-talkie radios, digital scales, and packaging materials
If we break down those 446 arrests by the numbers, they look like this:
Nine prostitution arrests
One-armed robbery suspect
109 state arrest warrants
Three federal arrest warrants
Two arrests for trafficking a Class B substance (cocaine) - 200+ grams
Two arrests for trafficking a Class A substance (heroin) - 18 to 36 grams
Two arrests for trafficking a Class B substance (cocaine) - 18 to 36 grams
34 arrests for distribution of a Class A substance (heroin)
11 arrests for distribution of a Class B substance (cocaine)
16 arrests for possession of a Class A substance (heroin) with intent to distribute
Nine arrests for possession of a Class B substance (cocaine) with intent to distribute
117 arrests for possession of a Class A substance (heroin)
89 arrests for possession of a Class B substance (cocaine)
Some like Haniel Valera-Malpica are a familiar face to police. Before this operation began, he was arrested on drug charges and "just this past Friday, we arrested him again in the same general area on 26 counts of distribution of heroin and cocaine," Neiswanger said.
The chief added that plenty has already posted bail and are back in the public.
"It can be frustrating to the men and women of the Holyoke Police Department and officers everywhere," Neiswanger explained.
The bottom line, the chief said, is that this operation works and compared to years past, this wall of mugshots has grown.
Holyoke Police conducted the operation with assistance from:
Hampden County Narcotics Task Force
FBI Western Mass. Gang Task Force
ATF
DEA
Hampden County Sheriff's Department
Mass. State Police Gang Unit
Mass. State Police Commonwealth Interstate Narcotics Reduction Enforcement Team
Easthampton Police K-9 Unit
Mass. State Police Violent Fugitive Apprehension Team
A 49-year-old man is facing charges after four banks were robbed in Moncton.
New Brunswick RCMP say the robberies happened between August and September, as well as an attempted robbery on Thursday.
Police say the suspect was arrested following Thursday's attempted robbery near the Omista Credit Union on Cornhill Street.
Terry Dean Leger appeared in Moncton provincial court Friday to face four counts of robbery, attempted robbery, and committing an indictable offence while having his face masked.
Police say Leger was sent for a 30-day psychiatric assessment and is scheduled to appear in court again on Nov. 3.
The participation of women in science has risen significantly in the United States since the 1960s. A new meta-analysis reviewed five decades of "Draw a Scientist" tests to determine whether children's drawings have mirrored that change. The study found that U.S. children and adolescents today draw female scientists more often than in earlier decades, but overall, female scientists are still depicted much less frequently than males in children's and youths' drawings.
The study, conducted by researchers at Northwestern University, appears in the journal Child Development, a publication of the Society for Research in Child Development.
In the 1960s and 1970s, less than 1% of U.S. children's drawings depicted a female scientist. In the 1980s and later, that percentage had risen to 28. "These findings shed light on how children learn to associate science with men and how they respond to changes in their cultural environment such as increases in women's representation in science," says David I. Miller, Ph.D. candidate in psychology at Northwestern University, who led the study.
The researchers used literature databases such as Google Scholar to identify 78 studies of U.S. "Draw a Scientist" tests over the last 50 years. The studies included more than 20,000 children in kindergarten through 12th grade. While the first study included in the analysis collected data from 1966 to 1977, all of the other studies collected data from 1985 to 2016.
In conducting their meta-analysis of U.S. children's gender-science stereotypes linking science with men, the researchers hypothesized that these stereotypes would weaken over time as women's representation in science grew stronger and media increasingly depicted females as scientists. They found that children depicted female scientists more often in later decades.
The study also found that children did not draw significantly more male than female scientists until ages 7-8; in kindergarten, they drew approximately equal percentages of male and female scientists. During elementary and middle school, the tendency to draw male scientists increased rapidly with children's age. These developmental differences suggest a growing awareness of gender differences and greater exposure to male than female science role models in school and mass media.
"Given these results, girls today may develop interests in science more freely than before because children's stereotypes of scientists have become less masculine over time," explains Alice H. Eagly, professor of psychology at Northwestern University, who coauthored the study. "But because stereotypes remain, teachers and parents should present children with multiple examples of female as well as male scientists across many contexts such as in science courses, on television shows, and in informal conversations."
###
The study was supported by a National Science Foundation graduate research fellowship.
Summarized from Child Development, The Development of Children's Gender-Science Stereotypes: A Meta-Analysis of Five Decades of U.S. Draw-A-Scientist Studies by Miller, DI, Nolla, KM, Eagly, AH, and Uttal, DH (Northwestern University). Copyright 2018 The Society for Research in Child Development, Inc. All rights reserved.
Recent news:
AIG reserve charge points to slower RoE growth
Catrin Shi 15 February 2017
AIG will probably take longer to achieve its target of a low-60s core loss ratio in its commercial business, and therefore its key 9 percent return on equity (RoE) target, following its $5.6bn fourth quarter reserve charge, according to Morgan Stanley analysts.
The giant adverse reserve development, which was far greater than the approximate $1.5bn-$3bn charge anticipated by analysts, helped send AIG to a $2.79bn loss for the fourth quarter.
Following the insurer's retroactive reinsurance agreement with National Indemnity Company...
If you are a non-subscriber but would like to be able to view this article, then please go to our Publications page for further information on joining our readership
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
President Donald Trump stepped into office amid a groundswell of populism and economic nationalism met with high expectations.
He also faced fierce resistance from a political and financial establishment in Washington, D.C. and Wall Street that had been knocked back on its heels by an election result they failed to foresee.
The president's trip to Wisconsin will test the strength of that resistance–including resistance from within Trump's inner circle–as well as the strength of Trump's resolve to live up to the expectations of his supporters.
“Today we are not transferring power from one administration to another, or from one party to another, but we are transferring power from Washington, D.C. and giving it back to you, the people,” Trump announced in his inaugural address.
In recent weeks, however, that transfer of power has become harder to discern. The White House's attention has been focused on events in Syria and North Korea, while the rejection of the bill to repeal and replace Obamacare set off a power struggle within the executive branch. Trump reversed himself on his support for the Export-Import Bank, his evaluation of Fed Chair Janet Yellen, and on the question of whether China is a currency manipulator. A coterie of advisers from New York City, including former Goldman Sachs president Gary Cohn, has reportedly taken the helm at the White House.
Trump's travels to Wisconsin on Tuesday present an opportunity for the president to restore a sense of balance–even a sense of mission–to his administration. According to White House officials, Trump plans to tout his call to “buy American and hire American” during a stop at the headquarters of Snap-on Inc, a Wisconsin-based tool manufacturer. Whether the president can still summon the spirit of his fiery campaign speeches may be key indicator of whether or not the man who came to drain the swamp has been drained himself.
Wisconsin is, in many ways, the perfect place for the president to demonstrate his independence from the financiers and long-time GOP stalwarts who appear to have recently gained so much sway over him. Manufacturing jobs are central to the state's economy, accounting for 16 percent of the workforce. But the state was hard hit by the Great Recession, losing tens of thousands of manufacturing jobs. And although its unemployment rate is still quite low, manufacturing has yet to recover to pre-recession levels. And manufacturing job creation has stalled, barely rising over the past two years.
In other words, this is a state that is far from being “tired of winning.” It could use quite a few more wins on trade and taxes, wins that could restore the good jobs destroyed during the Great Recession. This will be Trump's first trip to Wisconsin since taking office.
Snap-on was founded in Wisconsin in 1920. Its stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol SNA. The company has a market cap of around $9.4 billion, according to data from MarketWatch.
Trump was the first Republican presidential candidate since Ronald Reagan's 1984 landslide to carry the state. But it is hardly “safe terrain” for the president. He carried the state by a mere 23,000 votes, less than a full percentage point. Already, Wisconsin Democrats have been taking aim at the president, accusing him of being “full of empty promises.”
“We don't even see the glimmer of an agenda from him,” Martha Laning, chairwoman of the state's Democratic party, told the Associated Press.
It likely will take more than rhetoric and promises to keep Wisconsin–and by extension, many Americans in areas where the local economy is still suffering from years of misguided or neglectful policies–in the Trump column. Trump will need to unveil concrete pro-jobs policies in Wisconsin if he is going to shine through the muck of the swamp that many fear now clings to his presidency.
Search engine optimization utilizes keywords to get you at the top of the list for those using search tools. Do extensive keyword research, and insert keywords into your website's content to rank high on search engines. Search engine optimization can be a very arcane process, but this article will help make the procedure a little more clear.
Optimize your presence on search engines by getting other (reputable) sites to link to your site. If other legitimate sites are linking to you, search engines will see that you are an established presence online. Seeing that you are more in demand, the search engines place your site in a higher position.
To optimize your website for search engines, always use a unique internet protocol address. When your website shares an IP address with another website, if that other website breaks the terms and conditions of a search engine and is de-indexed from search results, all of your website's pages will also be de-indexed.
Spend the money on a pay-per-click (PPC) advertising campaign. It's often said you need to spend money to make money, and PPC is one of the necessary spends. Bid on keywords that are relevant to your industry. This technique can help position your website in the search engines, especially for terms where you may not currently hold the best organic ranking.
Show your consumer why they need your products. This may seem obvious, but many people don't realize why your products could make their lives easier! Use video, blogs, step-by-step instructions, and live demonstrations. Make it clear to them that your product is necessary to help them in their daily lives.
Optimizing your website for search engines will improve the profitability of your affiliate marketing programs. By focusing on certain keywords and tweaking the contents of your web pages, you can significantly improve your website's ranking on search engine results pages. This will direct more visitors to your site, increasing your own exposure and pulling in more potential customers for your affiliates.
To make your content online more visible, post new information during off-peak hours. This means that if other bloggers or website owners are all posting their new stuff in the morning and evenings after work, then you should aim for the afternoons. Posting at these times will mean there is less competition for peoples attention and a greater chance they will see your stuff.
Make sure that the text on your website is not too large. Large text usually will take away from the look of your site and appears very elementary. Try to stick to size 12 font that is clear and very easy to read. This will help to yield happy customers.
Even if you do not sell anything directly from your website, you should still pay attention to your ranking in search results. Do not assume that all the people who visit your website look for it deliberately. With a popular website, you could attract media coverage or find new suppliers and employees.
If you have a Twitter account, make sure that you occasionally tweet about other products or brands, to increase your loyalty to other companies. In turn, you should receive positive feedback and potentially free advertisement as repayment for the service that you provided. This can lead to extra profit, especially if you promote large organizations.
While content is key to any successful search engine optimization, it's important to remember that ultimately you are writing for other people, not the search engines. High-quality, readable and informative content is going to ultimately win you more visitors than text packed with keywords. Quality wins out over quantity in the end.
When starting a search engine optimization campaign the keywords and keyphrases you choose are important, but did you know that the where you position these keywords on your webpage is also very important? This can help lead searches your way. Take some time and do it right and you will have many quality external links coming back to your webpage.
It's common for search engine spiders to look for new content, so when you're regularly adding new posts through a blog, you're giving the spiders a reason to visit your site. Well-written articles will often be shared. After an article is shared, it starts to bring in higher levels of traffic.
With a few tweaks to your website, you can help the major search engines find and rank your site. You've put the effort into building a quality site, so make sure that people can see it. Incorporate these tips into your site, and you will see the results sooner than you think.
BRIEF-Spectranetics announces election of new chairperson of the board of directors
* Spectranetics announces election of new chairperson of the board of directors
The snow will be moving in from the north-west, sweeping slowly but surely to the south-east in the coming night. It will probably fall on a frozen surface, which can trigger dangerous situations for those venturing out by foot or using other ways of transport.
It may just be sleet in some areas like the western provinces, but if it is snow, it is not clear how long it will stay. The further away from the coast and the higher up, the longer the snow can remain, but it is expected to melt away during the course of the day. Positive temperatures are expected later on, climbing to a maximum of 5 degrees Celsius (41 Fahrenheit). The situation is different for the Belgian Ardennes, where the snow should create a white carpet.
Cool sea air will see maximum temperatures around 5 Celsius later during the week.
JOSE Mourinho has criticised the atmosphere at “quiet” Old Trafford on Alexis Sanchez's home debut.
The Chile forward, who joined last month from Arsenal, netted the second goal in a 2-0 victory over Huddersfield in the English Premier League on Saturday. Mourinho says “the atmosphere is a bit quiet and there is not very” much enthusiasm.
He wants United fans to emulate the atmosphere at former Premier League club Portsmouth, which is now in the third tier.
Mourinho says Fratton Park is “such a small stadium, the atmosphere was absolutely incredible.” Mourinho managed at Portsmouth during a previous Chelsea reign.
Romelu Lukaku and Sanchez were on the scoresheet as Manchester United scrapped their way to victory.
After a tough-tackling first half, Lukaku sent United on their way in the 55th minute before Sanchez scored his maiden United goal on his home debut to finish off the determined visitors.
Camera Icon Manchester United's French midfielder Paul Pogba (C) comes on for Jesse Lingard (L) Picture: AFP
It was a forgettable contest, dominated more by concerns about the performance of referee Stuart Attwell than any moments of true class but Lukaku's opener gave them some breathing space before Sanchez put the icing on the cake with 22 minutes left.
United were missing Marouane Fellaini, Phil Jones, Eric Bailly and Zlatan Ibrahimovic but were buoyed by Manchester City's 1-1 draw with Burnley in the early Saturday kick-off.
As United looked to close the 16-point gap on City, out-of-form Huddersfield were the perfect side to face.
David Wagner's side went into the contest on the back of four straight Premier League losses, with their impressive start to the season, including a 2-1 win over United on home soil, long forgotten.
Ahead of kick-off, an impeccably observed minute's silence was held to commemorate the 60th anniversary of the Munich Air Disaster.
United made the most of the early running and although Huddersfield began the contest with the second-worst defence in the top-flight, they held firm as Juan Mata and Jesse Lingard probed down the right wing.
Lingard had the game's first real chance after eight minutes after Sanchez did well to put him through on goal but his tame left-foot shot was comfortably saved by Jonas Lossl.
The game picked up an extra edge after 19 minutes when United youngster Scott McTominay was clattered in an aerial challenge by Terence Kongolo inside the Huddersfield box.
McTominay carried on but Huddersfield were lucky that Attwell deemed the challenge to be fair when many other officials would have given a penalty.
That soured the atmosphere and the game became increasingly bad-tempered as both sides looked for a decisive opening.
Sanchez showed fine skills to dribble clear of trouble and fire a shot at Lossl after 26 minutes and then went down weakly in the box 60 seconds later in search of a penalty that was rightly waved away.
Shortly afterwards Kongolo kicked the ball into touch, thinking Sanchez was injured after another foray forward but United played on from the throw-in rather than giving the ball back to the Terriers.
Camera Icon Manchester United's Chilean striker Alexis Sanchez celebrates scoring Picture: AFP
After the interval, United seemed certain to take the lead when Sanchez found himself unmarked six yards out but a stunning covering last-ditch block by Huddersfield captain Tommy Smith kept the score at 0-0.
However, Huddersfield's resistance finally crumbled when Mata delivered an inch-perfect cross for Lukaku, who volleyed home from five yards out on his favoured left foot.
The game became more pedestrian and a Huddersfield comeback appeared remote, something confirmed when Michael Hefele fouled Sanchez in the box midway through the second period.
Sanchez dusted himself down and although his spot-kick was saved, he bundled home the rebound to grab United's second and ensure Huddersfield would fall into the relegation zone for the first time this season.
Like a scene from the movie Alien, insect parasitoids inject their eggs into unsuspecting hosts, their offspring grow and eat from within, eventually bursting out leaving dead, empty host vessels. These tiny predators, many of them wasps, can have major ecological and economic impacts. For example, wasps in the genus Melittobia attack pollinating bumblebees. Parasitoid wasp larvae feed on the pupae of nesting bees, and their fast reproduction can destroy entire colonies with barely a trace of the preceding carnage.
Understanding how parasitoids and hosts interact, and how their interactions change with human influence, is critically important to understanding ecosystems. New research by an international team of researchers finds mathematical models can predict complex insect behavioural changes using a simple description of insect preferences. The research, published in the journal Nature Communications on October 6, was able to predict parasitism rates after deforestation without the need for extensive field data.
"Collecting field data is necessary but expensive, so it's great to show we can use mathematical models to help focus efforts and make data collection more efficient," Phillip Staniczenko, Ph.D., lead author and research fellow at the National Socio-Environmental Synthesis Center (SESYNC). "Faced with all the complicated relationships among species, and between species and the environment, it's amazing we can identify simple patterns that, although not perfect, describe how humans might be affecting parasitism in the same way at different places all over the world."
Staniczenko set out to see if recorded changes in a particular type of parasitic interaction, between parasitoids and their hosts, shared similarities between data sets from different countries, and, therefore, might be predictable. Staniczenko and colleagues analysed data on bees, wasps and their parasitoids collected using trap nests. Joining this research effort were Staniczenko's former adviser, Felix Reed-Tsochas, Ph.D., at the CABDyN Complexity Centre at the University of Oxford's Saïd Business School, Owen Lewis, Ph.D., professor of ecology at the University of Oxford, Jason Tylianakis, Ph.D., professor of ecology at the University of Canterbury in New Zealand, Matthias Albrecht, Ph.D., researcher at the Institute for Sustainability Sciences in Switzerland, Valérie Coudrain, Ph.D., researcher at the Mediterranean Institute of Marine and Terrestrial Biodiversity and Ecology in France, and Alexandra-Maria Klein, professor of ecology at the University of Freiburg in Germany.
They based their findings on host-parasitoid interaction data collected in Ecuador, Indonesia, and Switzerland, at field sites located in a diverse range of ecosystems, including tropical forest and agroforest, temperate meadows and plains, as well as human-modified habitats, such as pasture land and rice paddies. Because parasitoids can attack multiple hosts, interaction data can be combined to build networks that describe, in one mathematical object, the relative rates of parasitism among multiple species at a field site. Given these data, the researchers first designed a way of extracting parasitoid preferences for each host from ecological networks.
"A lot of information about behaviour and species' responses to the environment is contained in ecological networks, but the question is how to make this information useful for prediction," Staniczenko said. "Eventually, we realised the answer was interaction preferences, which quantify how much more or less parasitoids attack their hosts compared to a baseline expectation that they attack every time a parasitoid randomly encounters one of its possible hosts."
Co-author Lewis added, "It would be very difficult and time consuming to study the feeding behaviour of all these species in the field -- particularly in high diversity ecosystems like tropical rainforests. Fortunately, it turns out that using interaction preferences might allow us to skip that step."
Staniczenko continued, "We found that when interaction preferences changed, they did so in the same way in each country. This meant we could design models that captured systematic shifts in interaction preferences to make predictions at new locations, without needing to collect lots of new interaction data."
"Adding preference data to interaction networks is a big step forward because it allows refinement of the interaction map from a simple list of who-eats-whom to measures that actually provide information on the relative intensity of those interactions. Preference data are clearly a great boon to prediction and an important target for inclusion in future studies," commented Bill Fagan, Professor and Chair of Biology at the University of Maryland, who was not involved in the project.
Staniczenko and colleagues focused on deforestation, but their new mathematical approach will be valuable for understanding the consequences of many types of human-driven environmental changes. "Interactions among species are the gears that keep the engine of ecosystems working to provide us with resources for our survival. Changes to the environment caused by human activities have disrupted these interactions, and it has previously been difficult to predict changes before it's too late," co-author Tyliankis said.
"We're a long way from predicting the consequences of every human activity," Staniczenko concluded, "but at least now we know it's possible."
###
Sophie Yorke is hoping to bring down the curtain on her junior career in style when she lines up for the Great Britain Under 20s team for the final time on Wednesday, writes Kevin Fahey.
The 19-year-old Cheltenham & County Harrier sprint hurdler pulls on the GB U20 vest for the last time in the Manchester International at the SportCity Stadium next door to the Etihad, home of Manchester City.
“I am really looking forward to it as I have been feeling good in training,” said Yorke.
“I took a week off after the European Under 20 Championships in Italy (in which she finished fifth in the 100m hurdles) so wasn't sure how I would be coming back but I am feeling really good about this meeting.
“It will be my last competition of the summer as well as my last as an under 20. I can't believe how quickly it has all gone.”
Yorke has been extremely consistent his summer after deciding to switch from the 100m to the specialist hurdles discipline.
She improved her lifetime best to 13.47secs in finishing runner-up in the England U20 Championships – putting her second in the UK Under 20 Rankings - and has also run inside 13.60secs five times, including a very windy 13.31secs that sadly won't count as a personal best.
“I have always been one for aiming to get consistency as against a wide variation in times and Sophie has done that this summer,” said coach David Warner.
“She will be looking to end her season with another good performance and, if conditions are favourable, a fast time that will take her into the winter training period and the indoor season.”
Joining Yorke on the start line in Manchester will be her Cheltenham Harrier clubmate and occasional training partner Mollie Courtney.
Courtney will be racing in the colours of Northern Ireland as she seeks to run inside the 2018 Commonwealth Games qualifying standard of 13.45secs for a second time this summer.
“For Mollie Wednesday is all about getting that qualifying standard for a second time and nothing matters apart from that,” added Warner, who also coaches her.
“She took a break from racing recently as she had been doing so many competitions and hopefully that has refreshed her for Wednesday. Again so much will depend on the conditions and, in particular, whether it is windy or not but there is nothing we can do about that.”
Another local athlete in action at the Manchester International will be Gloucester shot putter Gareth Winter, who has been selected to represent Wales.
Posted by admin on February 2, 2018
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Your weekend just got batter as Morrisons have created the ultimate Yorkshire pudding and pizza comfort food.
To celebrate Yorkshire Pudding Day, the supermarket has created a Yorshire Pudding Pizza and we can't wait to grab a slice of the action.
The dish, which combines two of the nation's favourite foods, comes complete with a 6.5 inch pudding base crammed with tomato sauce and mozzarella, reports The Mirror.
There are two flavours – classic pepperoni, and meat feast, which is topped with meatballs, pepperoni, spicy beef, and jalapeños. Just like mama used to make, right?
The creation celebrates Yorkshire Pudding Day on Saturday February 3.
(Image: PA)
A cheesy hybrid
We imagine Morrisons may well have been inspired by the northern restaurant chain Rub Smokehouse and Bar, which last year created a Yorkshire pudding pizza full of sausage meat.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Jenny Dixon, Yorkshire Pudding Expert (this is her real title – yes, we love it too) at Morrisons, said: "Everyone loves Yorkshire Pudding and everyone loves pizza, so we are combining the two to create the ultimate comfort food for Yorkshire Pudding Day.
(Image: PA Wire)
"The crust is made the same way as a typical Yorkshire Pudding and is topped the same way as one of our pizzas. We're looking forward to hearing what customers think but we hope that they'll love it!"
The pizzas will be available until February 20 and cost £3. Morrisons sells more than a million Yorkshire Puddings every week.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Four separate incidents are causing delays for Gloucestershire motorists this lunchtime.
A lorry has got stuck between houses in a narrow lane in Nailsworth.
It happened in Butcher Hill's Lane at the junction with the B4058 Old Bristol Road.
Reports suggest it has left the road and gone into the building at around 1pm.
Two vehicles crashed on the A417 at the Air Balloon roundabout, at around the same time, causing congestion and very slow traffic back to Cowley.
There has also been a two-vehicle crash on the A433 at Cirencester, at the junction with the A429 Tetbury Road, which is affecting traffic between Cirencester and Tetbury. This happened at around 12.15pm.
While two lorries have crashed on the B4077 at Ford, by the Plough Inn, which is affecting traffic travelling between Tewkesbury and Stow-on-the-Wold, at around 12.55pm.
There have also been delays on the M5 heading south and north out of Gloucestershire.
OTTAWA, April 5 Toronto home sales and prices surged in March, the Toronto Real Estate Board said on Wednesday, fueling fears of a bubble in Canada's largest city.
The industry group said the average home price rose 33.2 percent in March to C$916,567 ($684,823) from a year earlier, while sales increased 17.7 percent, and new listings climbed.
The federal government has repeatedly tightened mortgage lending rules to cool the nation's housing markets, but Toronto remains red-hot. Even mainstream Canadian economists have said a bubble is developing in that city.
Developers and other market observers expect the next attempt to cool the market will come from the province of Ontario, or perhaps the city of Toronto itself, probably in the form of a foreign buyers tax like the one Vancouver imposed in August.
($1 = 1.3384 Canadian dollars) (Reporting by Andrea Hopkins; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn)
ITALIAN FOOTBALL FEDERATION (FIGC) chiefs on Tuesday confirmed talks had taken place with Carlo Ancelotti concerning the vacant Italy coaching job but insisted there was no front-runner yet.
Ancelotti, who was sacked by Bayern Munich last September, met with FIGC commissioner Roberto Fabbricini and sub-commissioner Alessandro Costacurta in a Rome hotel on Monday.
It was reported the 58-year-old has been offered a two-year contract, with the only sticking point financial terms which would be less lucrative than his previous deal with the German champions.
But Fabbricini insisted the meeting was not an official one. “Ancelotti has a fairly serious family problem, and that's why he was in Rome,” Fabbricini told Italian radio.
“Costacurta, having a strong friendship with Ancelotti, met him and I also took part in that meeting.
“We talked about a future scenario though, but we still have a coach (Luigi Di Biagio) under contract.
“I don't think a coach can a priori rule out a prestigious job like leading Italy. The Azzurri bench is always an objective for any coach.
“But of course there are other factors which affect the decision – the desire to work every day for example.
“No-one is in pole, we want to respect the date of May 20 because the national team will play on May 28 (friendly against Saudi Arabia).”
Italy have been without a permanent coach since Gian Piero Ventura was sacked after the four-time champions failed to qualify for the World Cup for the first time in 60 years after losing to Sweden in a two-legged playoff in November.
Costacurta – who was coached by Ancelotti at AC Milan in the 1980s – was appointed to find a successor to Ventura and insisted the deadline remained May 20.
Among the other names being touted are Zenit St Petersburg coach Roberto Mancini, Chelsea boss Antonio Conte and former Leicester coach Claudio Ranieri, now in charge of French club Nantes.
“Carlo was in Rome for personal reasons, the chosen hotel was the one where I always stay myself and we found ourselves there at the same time,” Costacurta told Sky Sport Italia.
“We didn't talk about the Italy bench, we only joked about the opportunity, we could not talk about the programme and the financial part. We are loyal to the rules.
“If there will be an official meeting? Yes, but I still do not know when. We need people to make themselves available, we can't get close to contracted coaches.”
Ancelotti, who has also managed Chelsea, Real Madrid, AC Milan, Juventus, Roma and Paris Saint-Germain, has three Champions League titles to his name as a coach. He has also won the league in Italy, France, Germany and England.
The FIGC budget for a new coach and his staff is five million euros ($6.1 million) per year, which would be a big drop from the reported 12 million euros plus bonuses that Ancelotti earned at Bayern Munich.
Ancelotti joined Bayern in 2016 and won the Bundesliga title in his first season but was sacked following a 3-0 defeat to Paris Saint-Germain in the Champions League.
Costacurta was reported to have offered Ancelotti, who has also been linked with former club Chelsea and the soon-to-be-vacant manager's job at Arsenal, a free hand in choosing his staff.
Ancelotti's son Davide, who was his assistant at Bayern, could play a role as well as former stars such as Andrea Pirlo, Gianluigi Buffon and Paolo Maldini.
Italy's under-21 coach Di Biagio has been filling the position on an interim basis.
– © AFP 2018
Graphic shows results of AP-NORC Center poll on attitudes toward pro athlete protests during the national anthem; 2c x 7 inches; 96.3 mm x 177 mm;
WASHINGTON | Most Americans think refusing to stand for the national anthem is disrespectful to the country, the military and the American flag. But most also disapprove of President Donald Trump's calling for NFL players to be fired for refusing to stand.
The NFL protests began last season with quarterback Colin Kaepernick, who knelt during the national anthem to bring more attention to the killings of black men by police officers. The protests spread this season, as the former San Francisco 49er was unable to sign on with another team, Seattle Seahawks defensive end Michael Bennett said he was racially profiled by Las Vegas police and then Trump sounded off.
According to a poll by The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research, 52 percent of Americans disapprove of professional athletes who have protested by refusing to stand during the national anthem, compared to 31 percent who approve. At the same time, 55 percent of Americans disapprove of Trump's call for firing players who refuse to stand, while 31 percent approve.
In the poll, African-Americans were far more likely to approve of the players' protests.
“I don't see kneeling while the anthem is being played as being disrespectful,” said Mary Taylor, 64, a retired law librarian from Olympia, Washington. “Somebody has to stand up. Right now, it's black football players.”
Taylor, who is white, said she supports police but understands why players are protesting. And her personal politics also factor in.
“I'm for it because Donald Trump is against it,” she said.
The form of the protest seems to matter. According to the poll, Americans are more likely to approve than disapprove of players who, instead of kneeling, link arms in solidarity during the anthem, 45 percent to 29 percent.
“People don't want to be confronted with their racism in any form. If they are confronted with it, they want it in the mildest form possible,” said DeRay Mckesson, a Black Lives Matter activist who has protested police actions since the 2014 killing of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri.
The NFL protests got more attention and morphed into a bigger debate about patriotism after Trump told a crowd at an Alabama rally last month: “Wouldn't you love to see one of these NFL owners, when somebody disrespects our flag, to say, ‘Get that son of a bitch off the field right now! Out! He's fired. Fired!'”
That prompted dozens of NFL players, and a few team owners, to join in protests. They knelt, raised fists or locked arms in solidarity during pre-game ceremonies when the anthem was played.
Broken down by race, 55 percent of African-Americans approve of players refusing to stand for the anthem, and 19 percent disapprove, the poll found. Among whites, 62 percent disapprove and 25 percent approve.
Seventy-nine percent of blacks disapprove of Trump's call for players to be fired, while just 8 percent approve. Among whites, 48 percent disapprove and 38 percent approve.
Thomas Sleeper of Holden, Massachusetts, said he considers the protests to be freedom of expression protected by the First Amendment — and pre-game protests are likely the best stage for them because “individually protesting is not going to get as much press.”
“They want people to know that the country isn't living up to its full standard,” said Sleeper, 78, who is white. “This is a way to get noticed, and possibly get some action taken.”
Chandler, Arizona, business owner Larry Frank, 67, said the protests are inappropriate and disrespectful to military veterans. Trump's response, he said, was “dead-on.”
“We should keep politics out of our sports,” said Frank, who served in the Air Force. “We pay them to come out and play games and entertain us. Using this medium is not the right way to do it. Do it off the field. Let's not interfere with the process of a good business and a fun sport.”
The poll shows that overall, about 6 in 10 Americans agree with the assessment that refusing to stand for the anthem is disrespectful to the military, and most also think it's disrespectful to the country's values and the American flag. About 6 in 10 blacks said they did not consider it disrespectful.
Just 4 in 10 Americans overall, and about half of African-Americans, think refusing to stand for the flag can be an act of patriotism.
Frank, an avid Arizona Cardinals fan who is white, said he plans to boycott watching football on Veterans' Day to show his disgust with the players' protest, part of a larger campaign being promoted on social media.
Thomas Peoples of New Brunswick, New Jersey, said the protests are a personal decision for each player. He doesn't think their actions are meant to disrespect the country or the military.
Still, he would not participate in such a protest.
“It's not my approach to resolve a problem,” said Peoples, 66, who is black. “I'm not a protester. But they're expressing their feelings about how some Americans are treated in this country.”
The AP-NORC poll of 1,150 adults was conducted Sept. 28-Oct. 2 using a sample drawn from NORC's probability-based AmeriSpeak panel, which is designed to be representative of the U.S. population. The margin of sampling error for all respondents is plus or minus 4.1 percentage points. The poll includes a total of 337 black respondents, who were sampled at a higher rate than their proportion of the population for purposes of analysis. The margin of sampling error among blacks is plus or minus 5.7 percentage points. For results reported among all adults, responses among blacks are weighted to reflect their proportion among all U.S. adults.
___
Follow Whack and Swanson on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/emarvelous and http://www.twitter.com/EL_Swan
Online:
AP-NORC Center: http://www.apnorc.org/
Biloxi's historic Saenger Theater is now closed for restoration work. The announcement of the closure came as a shock for event organizers who had the venue booked for performances.
Germany's Merkel says EU ready to negotiate Brexit, no change seen
MESEBERG, Germany German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Wednesday the European Union was ready to start negotiating with Britain about its exit from the EU on June 19, as planned, saying she assumed that the talks would proceed despite last week's parliamentary election in Britain.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Police are appealing for information after an unprovoked assault at the Cheltenham Festival left a 22-year-old man needing facial surgery.
The assault happened on the last day of The Festival, on Friday, March 16. The victim was on his phone in the open area of the Best Mate enclosure at Cheltenham Racecourse when he was approached by an unknown man and punched in the face.
The incident happened at approximately 5.15pm and the victim, who is from Bristol, suffered a fractured cheekbone which required surgery.
At the time of the incident he was wearing a distinctive light pink suit (pictured) and was in a crowded area.
Police have exhausted all other lines of enquiry and are now appealing for the public's help to identify the offender.
The suspect is believed to be around 35 to 40-years-old, with short dark hair and of a medium build.
Police are asking for anyone who witnessed this assault to call police on 101 quoting incident 459 of March 16.
SM Juniors Sheer Cap Short Sleeve Tee SKU: 170102-50774-1
Part No: BLE108
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: cotton
100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable T Shirt
Condition: New
Size Chart SM Juniors Sheer Cap Sleeve V-Neck Cotton Tee SKU: 170102-50774
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: cotton
100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable Juniors V-Neck T Shirt
Condition: New
Size Chart Size 4 Juvenile Short Sleeve Tee SKU: 170102-50774
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: cotton
100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable Juvenile Short Sleeve T Shirt
Condition: New
Size Chart 2T Toddler Short Sleeve Tee SKU: 170102-50774
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: cotton
100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable T Shirt
Condition: New
Size Chart SM Youth Short Sleeve Tee SKU: 170102-50774
Weight: 1 lbs
Material: cotton
100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable T Shirt
Condition: New
Size Chart SKU: 170102-50774-1Part No: BLE108Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: cotton100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable T ShirtCondition: NewSKU: 170102-50774Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: cotton100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable Juniors V-Neck T ShirtCondition: NewSKU: 170102-50774Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: cotton100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable Juvenile Short Sleeve T ShirtCondition: NewSKU: 170102-50774Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: cotton100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable T ShirtCondition: NewSKU: 170102-50774Weight: 1 lbsMaterial: cotton100% Cotton High Quality Pre Shrunk Machine Washable T ShirtCondition: New
Product Types: Juniors & Kids
Genres: Action | Martial Arts
Studio: Trev
This item can only be shipped to U.S. addresses.
Visit our main page for additional items Here.
Details
Here we have a slick black, white and red design featuring Bruce Lee in a signature pose. This style is perfect for fans of Bruce and fans of unique design apparel.
Related Items
Categories
Action | Juniors & Kids | Martial Arts | Trev
The Chinese government warned this weekend that it will use “military pressure” against the United States if it does not “correct its mistake” of passing the Taiwan Travel Act, a law that encourages Taiwanese government officials to visit America and vice versa.
China considers Taiwan a secessionist province with no legitimate federal government. The United States operates under the “One China” policy as interpreted in the Taiwan Relations Act, which recognizes the existence of only one nation called “China” but also maintains friendly relations with the sovereign government of Taiwan. While China has incessantly objected to any ties between Taipei and Washington, the Taiwan Travel Act has triggered greater outrage than usual because it grants special status to members of the Taiwanese government that implies a recognition of the legitimacy of that government.
President Donald Trump signed the Taiwan Travel Act into law on Friday, allowing high-level diplomatic engagement between Taiwanese and American officials and opening the way for unrestricted travel to the U.S. for Taiwanese officials.
The Global Times, China's most bellicose English-language government newspaper, cited “experts” who predicted China would react militarily to the news. “China will and should take timely countermeasures against the U.S. and all ‘Taiwan independence' secessionist forces through diplomatic and military means,” the Times claimed that “Chinese observers” were arguing.
“The passing of the act is a serious political provocation, as it has crossed the ‘red line' and will thoroughly undermine relations,” a retired Chinese general, Xu Guangyu, told the newspaper.
Another “expert” told the newspaper that China will respond to any elevated clamor for independence from Taiwan with “military probes circling the island and send more military vessels and airplanes to patrol the Straits.”
The Chinese Foreign Ministry did not threaten military action, as it has no control over the People's Liberation Army, but in a statement, it did demand Washington “correct its mistake.”
“We urge the US side to correct its mistake, stop pursuing any official ties with Taiwan or improving its current relations with Taiwan in any substantive way,” Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said in a statement. “As has been pointed out many times by China, the relevant clauses of the act, though not legally binding, severely violate the one-China principle and the three joint communiques between China and the United States.”
The nation's Defense Ministry also weighed in, accusing the United States of having “interfered in the internal affairs of China and injured the environment for the development of relations between the two countries' militaries.”
Conversely, the Taiwanese government has applauded the law, calling it a “friendly move” and expressing gratitude for the recognition from Washington.
“The relationship between Taiwan and the US is close, and has been consolidated after efforts by both sides in recent years,” Taiwan's Foreign Affairs Ministry said in a statement. “The US executive branch has sent more senior officials to Taiwan since Trump has come to office.”
The Trump administration has improved diplomatic ties with Taiwan in the past two years. President Trump broke years of informal protocol by speaking to Taiwanese President Tsai Ing-wen on the phone following his election, as the fellow head of state called to congratulate him on being elected president. Tsai also briefly visited the United States in October, a layover in Hawaii that Beijing called “deplorable.”
China has also escalated its rhetoric regarding Taiwan's independence as Xi Jinping has asserted himself as totalitarian ruler on the mainland. Included in Xi's sprawling three-hour speech to the Chinese Communist Party Congress in October was a warning to Taiwan, Hong Kong, and other semi-independent entities that he would end their autonomy, a threat Taiwan responded to resolutely.
“The Republic of China is a sovereign state and we will protect our sovereignty,” Chiu Chiu-cheng, deputy head of Taiwan's Mainland Affairs Council, said in a statement that month in response to Xi's speech.
Since then, Chinese embassy minister, Li Kexin, speaking in the United States, has threatened to invade and colonize Taiwan if the United States bonds too closely to Taiwan militarily.
“The day that a US Navy vessel arrives in Kaohsiung is the day that our People's Liberation Army unifies Taiwan with military force,” he stated, referring to a port city in southwestern Taiwan.
Louisiana State Attorney General Jeff Landry spoke with Breitbart News Daily SiriusXM host Raheem Kassam on Wednesday regarding Attorney General Jeff Sessions' testimony before the Senate Intelligence Committee.
“After watching the Comey testimony and Sessions',” said Landry, “I think that both of those put together should bring everyone in the country to the conclusion that there was nothing there as far as collusion between the Russians and the Trump campaign or those involved in the Trump campaign.”
Landry added that he thought “Sessions did a wonderful job of basically putting that to rest and showing that this whole thing has been some sort of circus or witch hunt dreamed up by the Democrats.”
Breitbart News Daily airs on SiriusXM Patriot 125 weekdays from 6:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. Eastern.
LISTEN:
There is work happening at the future Mississippi Aquarium site in Gulfport. Here to talk about the progress, Mississippi Aquarium President and CEO David Kimmel.
Posted by admin on April 18, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
The advance of nationalist sentiment across Europe is currently a major threat to women, democracy and human rights, a radical feminist Swedish party struggling to make its parliament debut has stated. According to them, feminism is nationalism's archenemy and is thus the best solution to the "problem."
The growth of nationalist parties across Europe represents a major threat to all good in humanity, Feminist Initiative party leader Gudrun Schyman has claimed in a joint opinion piece penned with fellow party member Soraya Post published by Europaportalen.
The Feminist Initiative claims that support for parties with xenophobic and nationalist ideologies is increasing in Sweden and the rest of Europe. At present, 13 percent of all members of the European parliament are from right-wing and euro-skeptic parties, they wrote, citing Viktor Orban's nationalist Fidesz party that strives to "preserve Hungary's homogeneity" and the Freedom Party of Austria as the most "blatant" examples.
According to Schyman and Post, the nationalist parties want to "turn back the clock," reversing society to "traditional roles" for women and restrict women's right to decide over their own body.
"Their policies exclude ethnic and religious minorities, refugees and asylum seekers, LGBT people, feminists and human rights activists — virtually anyone who does not fit in their mall," Schyman and Post wrote, calling it a "threat to our democracy and the idea of everyone's equal right to participation."
According to Schyman and Post, nationalism affects women's rights across the EU in a negative way. Among other things, they claim, "traditional values" are now prioritized over gender equality throughout Europe. They single out Poland for wanting to introduce harsher abortion laws.
The Feminist Initiative also claimed that women's movements in the EU are increasingly suffering financing troubles, noting that women's rights activists are silenced, exposed to hatred and threatened with sexual violence.
The authors hinted that the threat of nationalism is currently at such a high level that Europe risks revisiting the previous experience of Nazism from the 1930's.
"We have already witnessed the cruel consequences of nationalism in Europe, what the 'we and them' type of rhetoric and the dehumanization of a group of people can lead to," Schyman and Post wrote.
READ MORE: Too Few Women in Power: Feminist Sweden Schools NATO on Gender Equality
According to the party, democratic alternatives, anti-racist organizations and feminism, which is "nationalism's archenemy" are preferable solutions.
Sweden's incumbent red-green coalition government has labeled itself "the world's first feminist" one and never misses an opportunity to make a stand for equality and women's rights.
The Feminist Initiative is a self-described radical Swedish party that has advocated "completely open borders." Formed in 2005, it received only 3.1 percent of the vote in the 2014 general election, falling below the electoral threshold, and has yet to enter parliament.
By contrast, the right-wing Sweden Democrats party from the opposite side of the political spectrum has, according to opinion polls, cemented its position as Sweden's third largest party after only traditional heavyweights the Social Democrats and the Conservatives.
READ MORE: Gender Bender? Swedish Sexual Equality 'Robot' Mocked Online
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Escape Room Experience (Photo Credit: Ilya S. Savenok/Getty Images for Spotify)
Getting up from your desk and moving around from time to time is an important component of a healthy lifestyle. However, many employees stay seated at their desks for hours at a time, which has recently been shown to have a detrimental effect on your health. If your company routinely engages employees in team building activities, try making them active to encourage employees to move on a regular basis. Here are some fun team building activities that will allow employees to get to know one another while staying active.
Escape room
Recently, many employers have been putting groups of employees in a room together and locking them in. These escape rooms are taking place at popular facilities. Escape rooms are a great activity, because they not only encourage team members to move throughout the room to find clues, but these rooms also make each member of the team work together to solve the problem of how to get out. Some escape rooms feature situations designed to amp up the pressure, including zombie-themed rooms, monsters and even a simulated plane crash, which may not be appropriate for an employee with a fear of flying.
Rope courses
If your team can afford a few hours to spare, take them to a ropes course, which has become increasingly popular in larger parks and with private providers. Courses are available for people of many skill levels, and many of them have professional guides to help employees who may be less comfortable with the course. This activity also builds trust and support among colleagues, and it can help enhance creativity and problem-solving skills.
Volunteer
Not only does volunteer help foster a sense of pride in giving back to the community, but it can also be a great way to build up the team. Many volunteer activities enable employees to move around, including building and restoring trails, volunteering for Habitat for Humanity or a similar organization, signing up for a fun run or a host of other activities. Your employees can work together to establish and meet fundraising goals, developing communication skills and bonding.
Blindfold maze
If building trust is your goal, having your employees navigate a blindfold maze is one way to accomplish it while also encouraging employees to move. In this activity, one person is blindfolded, and their teammate talks them through a maze, helping them to get out. Much like the escape room, blindfold mazes require employees to communicate and work together to solve the problem at hand, and walking through the maze is a fun way to stay active.
Scavenger hunt
Make team building fun by having employees compete in small teams to win prizes. A scavenger hunt builds teams by allowing them to collaborate to solve clues. You can encourage team building by making clues relevant to different team members so that the team has to get to know one another to move on to the next clue. The scavenger hunt can also consist of activities, including taking the stairs to find the next clue. Make it fun for everyone by offering different tiers of prizes.
Not only does team building foster a sense of community among employees, but it can also help contribute to an active lifestyle by allowing them to move around. Encourage them to stay active regularly throughout the day as well.
To learn more about affordable healthcare plans for your small business, visit Health Alliance Plan.
For more tips and inspiration for small business owners, visit Small Business Pulse Detroit.
New York • Stocks that moved substantially or traded heavily Wednesday:
• Biogen Inc., down 8.05 to $253.37
The drugmaker's chief financial officer is leaving to take the same role at Alexion Pharmaceuticals.
• H&R Block Inc., up $2.14 to $29.13
The tax preparer had a stronger fourth quarter than analysts expected.
• Southern Co., up 16 cents to $51.22
High-dividend stocks including utilities and real estate investment trusts climbed Wednesday as bond yields fell.
• GameStop Corp., down 35 cents to $21.63
The Commerce Department said retail sales fell in May as people spent less at electronics retailers and department stores.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The focus shifted from league to cup this weekend as clubs in the Cheltenham League, sponsored by Bristol Street Motors Cheltenham Ford, competed in the third round of the Senior Charities Cup competition, writes Rob Morrison.
The weather had a pronounced impact on fixtures last week and there were just two league games in Division 1, one of which saw leaders Cheltenham Civil Service increase their lead at the top to 14 points following a 2-1 win over bottom club Whaddon United Reserves.
While not as pronounced, the rain once again had an impact with fixtures being cancelled.
After an easy route to this weekend game, a 10-0 in the previous round against Division 4 opposition, Service travelled to second division Bredon Reserves looking to avoid being on the end of a cup upset.
Sitting in mid-table in their respective division Bredon proved to be limp opposition as Service hit 13 without reply including a Stu Midwinter hat-trick and doubles from Dan Wills, Joe McCauley and Josh Goodhall.
2018 is looking like being the year of the cup for Bishops Cleeve III who are still in three competitions. They too faced Division Two opposition in the shape of Prestbury Rovers. It has not been a great season for Rovers who started the day just three points off bottom spot. With an opportunity to make something of their season Rovers were unable to force a win as Cleeve took the tie 4-2.
Pittville United are another team who are struggling in Division Two. Propping up the table they faced Wayne Bakers Newton who although sitting in the middle of Division One are capable of beating anyone on their day. Showing why they are in the division above Newton eased to a 4-1 win.
St Paul's have grabbed plenty of headlines since their formation although FC Barometrics III have now taken their ‘invincibles' tag after knocking them out of the County Cup.
St Paul's were due to play in probably the most intriguing tie of the round against RSG. Now an established Division 1 club, it has not been a season to write home about for RSG.
St Paul's on the other hand have gone from strength to strength since their formation last season and a division 1 scalp seemed a real possibility. However they weren't given an opportunity to flex their muscles after RSG were unable to raise a team.
After being beaten to the title last season, AFC Renegades are still hoping to pip St Pauls to the Division 3 title and they too looked to cause an upset against Division One opposition.
Tewkesbury Town moved into third last week when they beat Dowty Dynamos and were favourites to progress. Renegades however had other ideas and stunned their opponents by progressing with a 4-2 win
Whaddon United Reserves are ten points adrift at the foot of Division One and their chances of avoiding bottom spot look grim. They gave Service a good run for their money last week but close defeats are no substitute for points.
The cup represents a great opportunity to add some sparkle to their season although Division Two Southside Star FC were not going to be a pushover. And so it provides as Star won by the odd goal in seven to take the tie.
The final cup match involving Division One teams saw Shurdington Rovers face Brockworth Albion Reserves.
While Rovers did not have a great start to the season, results have picked up in recent times and Albion would need to be firing on all cylinders if they were to get something from the game. In cup games it is all about the result and Rovers 1-0 win was enough to take through to the next round.
With many teams in cup action there were just two league games, one of which featured a title contenders Upton Town. The gap to leaders Civil Service may have been 14 points at the start of the day but with three games in hand Town have an opportunity to put real pressure on the leaders.
Town faced a Dowty Dynamos team who have had an horrendous start to 2018, beating in all their outings. Looking to stop the rot, Dowty pulled off one of their best results to date as they stunned Upton and took the points with a 2-1 win to take their first points of the calendar year.
In the other game, Kings faced Andoversford. While Kings will hope than a 12 point margin over the bottom club is enough to remain safe they will welcome any points that come their way. They were unable to add to their total this week however as they were beaten 2-1.
With four of the six Division Two team looking to take the title of giant killers against Division 1 opposition, the remaining cup game featuring second divisions clubs was an all Division Two affairs as FC Barometric Reserves faced Gala Wilton Reserves.
Neither of the teams have set the league alight this season and relative league positions suggested it would be a close affair. Despite this Baro's proved to be stronger, winning 4-0 to move into the next round.
In addition to the cup matches three league games were schedules although the two which featured the divisions front-runners, The Beeches and Cheltenham Civil Service Reserves both fell foul of the weather.
That left one match which pitted two top five teams against each other as Fintan hosted Hanley Swan. While a top two finish looks beyond them at this stage they are both handily placed should Service or The Beeches start to drop points. The game ended with a 3-1 win for Fintan who moved within three points of swan with a game in hand.
With Divisions Three's cup representatives all facing Division One opposition the rest of the division were in league action.
FC Lakeside Reserves find themselves in an unusual position, propping up the table, and they were looking to remedy that against Charlton Rovers Reserves. Rovers will feel they are in with a great chance of taking third spot and were keen to ensure they didn't drop points against one of the divisions strugglers.
At full time the match ended with the Rover keeping up the pressure at the top following a 3-1 win.
Cheltenham United were just a point above Lakeside and hosted Cheltenham Civil Service III in the early kick off. Services form has improved as the season has progress and they were going to prove stern opposition for United. And so it was as Service took the points with a 3-1 win.
Kings are another team who have improved after a disappointing start and although they are only four points above Lakeside they were hoping their improved form would continue against Leckhampton Rovers.
If anything, Rovers form as been the inverse of Kings, a strong start which has tailed off. They are however capable of giving any team a run for their money and are the only team to have held St Pauls in the league.
On the day it was the teams current form that continued as Kings added three points to their total with a 5-3 win.
The final game saw Dowty Dynamos Reserves face Falcons Reserves. While Dowty's are comfortable in mid-table, Falcons will feel a five point gaps between them and bottom spot is a little too close for comfort. They may have had a greater need for points however it was Dowty who took all three after a 3-2 win.
A full league programme was planned in Division Four including leaders Prestbury Rovers Reserves who travelled to Fintan Reserves. Looking to protect their 100% record Rovers made it eleven wins from eleven games with a 1-0 win.
Defeat last weekend saw Woodmancote United drop from second to fourth and they were looking to get back to winning ways against Winchcombe Town Reserves. Town are in a comfortable mid-table position and were unable to overcome their opponents, losing 2-1.
Just three points separate Bishop's Cleeve Development Reserves from their opponents Andoversford III. With both teams looking to climb into mid-table victory would make a difference to both teams.
Despite their proximity in the table there was nothing close about the score as Cleeve strolled to an 8-1 win to record one of their best results of the season.
Malvern Vale FC move into second last week and although they are just a point behind Prestbury they have played five more games.
They travelled to Gala Wilton III who started the game four points behind their opponents. With a fairly congested top half Vale's 4-1 win kept them well placed to press for a top two finish.
Malvern Vale FC Academy are another team in the congested top half. They played a Cheltenham Saracens team who have slipped down the table. It would be a real surprise if Saracens came out of the game with anything and so it proved as Vale won 5-1
Welland Reserves are another team pushing for a top three finish although their run was checked last week when they were beaten 4-1 by Malvern Vale FC Academy.
They would have expected to claim maximum points against bottom club Charlton Rovers III, a team who are yet to claim a point.
In a game that saw 10 goals Welland took all three points although Rovers would have been buoyed to have scored four.
A majority of students who responded — 72.2 percent — said the issue of sexual misconduct was either “not at all” or “a little” problematic at UVU. But female respondents were at least twice as likely to have encountered written and verbal harassment, sexual gestures, behavior that made them feel fear and unwanted physical contact than their male peers.
MP Motorsport‘s Ralph Boschung feels disappointed to grab no points in the streets of Monaco in FIA Formula 2.
The Swiss driver suffered a difficult weekend in both feature and sprint races where he retired for both races following a crash and a mechanical issue.
Boschung was set to score points following a decent qualifying position and start in the feature race but due to a battle with Lando Norris which led to the MP driver crashing out, after the Carlin Motorsport driver made contact, Boschung was disappointed to retire with great pace where he felt a podium was possible.
“After a great start, we opted to go for the alternative strategy,” said Boschung.
“We pitted early and had Sean Gelael – who went onto finish second – just ahead, with Norris behind me. He touched the back of my car a number of times and on the final occasion it put me into the wall.
“It was a shame as we had great pace and after seeing where my team-mate finished, I'm convinced we would have been on the podium and maybe even challenged for the victory.”
Boschung started in sixteenth for the sprint race and had another strong start to get into the points, but a mechanical failure prevented him for scoring, suffering another Formula 2 weekend with no points scored.
Reflecting over his weekend, Boschung feels disappointed over not scoring but hopes luck will come his way in the next round in France.
“Starting from the back I was determined to make up some places,” Boschung continued.
“We had another strong start and ultimately it's likely we would have finished in seventh or eighth. It was the same issue as in Baku and I had no other choice but to stop and retire.
“It is very disappointing, but the fact that the title contenders were unable to make up positions like I did show that we have very good pace. Now we just need the luck, which hopefully will come when we head to Le Castellet.”
Apple is reportedly taking a big step toward making its own displays, and it isn't using the technology you may be most familiar with. According to a Bloomberg report, a secret facility in California close to Apple Park houses engineers developing microLED displays for Apple mobile devices. While Apple has been making its own chips for its mobile devices for a few years, this would be the first time the company has attempted to build its own displays.
MicroLED technology is still in its infancy, particularly in its application in consumer electronics. We last saw microLEDs show up in Samsung's gigantic, 146-inch TV dubbed "The Wall," which it debuted at CES in January. Making microLED displays is no easy task since the panels are made up of individual pixels that need to be individually calibrated. Each pixel is self-emitting as well, meaning microLED displays do not require individual backlights. But microLEDs produce displays that are incredibly bright, with deep blacks and high contrast ratios; they are also slimmer and don't require as much power as their LCD counterparts.
Due to the complexity of microLED display development and application, Apple is reportedly still in the experimental phases when it comes to these panels. The company reportedly has about 300 engineers working on the initiative, codenamed "T159n," which is being overseen by Lynn Youngs, who helped develop touchscreen display technology for the original iPhone and iPad. Apple also gleaned some intellectual property about microLED development when it acquired the screen-tech startup LuxVue back in 2014.
An Apple-made microLED display could first appear in an Apple Watch, but we are likely a few years away from that happening. The Apple Watch currently uses an OLED panel made by LG, and Apple gets all of its other display panels from manufacturers like LG and Samsung. An Apple Watch with a microLED display has the potential to be bolder and brighter than the current models and possibly have a better battery life considering the low-power nature of microLED technology. However, since microLED technology is so new, it's unclear if it will be noticeably better in Apple's wearables than current OLED tech.
If Apple successfully creates and implements its own microLED panels, it could hurt other screen manufacturers. However, Bloomberg's report suggests that Apple's California facility is not equipped to mass-produce these displays—rather, the space is only suitable for development and testing. Apple may develop the technology for its devices and then seed that tech to its partners, leaving the manufacturing complexities for them to figure out.
Is he on the way?
Peta Murgatroyd and fiancé Maksim Chmerkovskiy are seemingly about to welcome their son into the world, judging from a photo Chmerkovskiy posted on Instagram Monday morning.
“But first … a little makeup,” he wrote next to a photo of Murgatroyd, 30, applying mascara from her hospital bed.
Want all the latest pregnancy and birth announcements, plus celebrity mom blogs? Click here to get those and more in the PEOPLE Babies newsletter.
But first…a little makeup 😝 A photo posted by @maksimc on Jan 2, 2017 at 7:10am PST
An hour earlier, the dad-to-be, 36, posted a caption- and audio-free video of what seemed to be the couple driving to the hospital, either late at night or in the early-morning hours, judging from the inky sky outside and street lamps they passed while zipping down the road.
A video posted by @maksimc on Jan 2, 2017 at 5:24am PST
RELATED VIDEO: It'll Be a Boy for Maksim Chmerkovskiy and Peta Murgatroyd
“I come from a dirt broke family. I just started to be able to afford things in 2005 when [Dancing with the Stars] started,” Chmerkovskiy told PEOPLE in October about taking paternity leave. “For me to be able to take time off in this way … [to have] what we have to enjoy and be proud of, that's anybody's dream.”
Added Chmerkovskiy, who will not be returning for the show's 24th season, “I'm doing exactly what I set out to do. That's why I worked my butt off.”
Today is their son‘s due date. This will be the first child for the engaged couple, who plan to tie the knot this year.
Microbes that 'grow up' in lakes with excess nutrients are less able to absorb added nitrogen, phosphorus and carbon with implications for water quality, climate
Bacteria in lakes play a key role in maintaining water quality by absorbing excess nitrogen and phosphorus. They also help store carbon, which has implications for our climate. But, as it turns out, their ability to do these tasks varies depending on the makeup of the lake in which they live, according to a new study by University of Minnesota researchers that was funded by the National Science Foundation. In short, location matters most.
Phosphorus and nitrogen are two nutrients that, when added to lakes through runoff, cause them to become overgrown with algae and have other water quality problems. The study, published in ISME Journal, found that lakes with lots of nitrogen and phosphorus seem to have bacteria in the water that are less responsive to additional nitrogen, phosphorus and carbon.
"In some ways, adding too much phosphorus and nitrogen to lakes is similar to what happens with Type II diabetes--our lakes are becoming less able to respond to increasing carbon just as humans with diabetes become less able to respond to insulin in their body," says study author Jim Cotner, a professor at the University of Minnesota. "Too much of a good thing can lead to metabolic dysfunction that can be catastrophic."
Cotner and co-author Casey Godwin, a postdoctoral researcher at the University of Michigan, collected individual bacterial species from 35 lakes throughout Minnesota. They investigated the characteristics of the bacteria present in each lake and examined variables linked to how bacteria in lakes might respond to increased phosphorus and a warming planet.
Other work has shown that lakes with more phosphorus and nitrogen have different species of microbes, plants, insects, and animals than more pristine lakes, but this is the first study to show that the species in polluted lakes are less able to respond to further added nutrients and perhaps more importantly, carbon. If more of the CO2 we produce is absorbed by microbes and plants in lakes, oceans, and other ecosystems, that means less CO2 will accumulate in Earth's atmosphere.
"When we compared the bacteria from the most phosphorus rich lakes to bacteria from lakes that were more pristine, one of the big differences was that the microbes from lakes with lots of phosphorus were less able to remove carbon from the water" says Godwin. As humans burn more and more coal and gas, we are releasing more carbon dioxide (CO2) to our atmosphere, yet the Earth's ecosystems have a limited capacity to absorb these increasing concentrations.
###
The University of Minnesota College of Biological Sciences seeks to improve human welfare and global conditions by advancing knowledge of the mechanisms of life and preparing students to create the biology of tomorrow. Learn more at cbs.umn.edu.
PORT Adelaide midfielder Sam Powell-Pepper has been suspended by the AFL for a further week following an alcohol-fuelled incident at an Adelaide nightclub.
An AFL investigation has found the 20-year-old engaged in conduct "unbecoming for an AFL player by being intoxicated in a public place and by making inappropriate contact with a female" earlier this month.
He will be free to resume playing at AFL level in next week's game against West Coast, having accepted a three-game suspension which includes the two he missed while the investigation was ongoing.
Powell-Pepper served a one-game club ban in round four for breaking team rules by being drunk in a public place and out past curfew.
He also chose to sit out last weekend's match against Geelong.
Because his transgressions were off-field, however, Powell-Pepper was given the all-clear to play for Port Adelaide's SANFL team in their Anzac Day game against Sturt.
The Power issued a brief statement on Wednesday acknowledging the completion of the AFL's investigation.
Port chief executive Keith Thomas will respond to the sanction at a press conference on Thursday afternoon.
Club president David Koch on Monday vented his frustrations with the AFL, claiming the integrity unit's report had been completed last week but club officials had only been given a summary.
"We are stumped by that. We are frustrated by that ... so frustrated because it is putting enormous pressure on this young man," he said.
"If there's evidence of any serious sexual abuse then we would throw the book at any player.
"(But) our vision of what happened on the night bears no resemblance to any of that.
"They're alleging inappropriate behaviour. We don't even think it goes that far."
The AFL noted in its statement on Wednesday that it had made "no other findings" in relation to the Powell-Pepper incident.
0:54 Dabo Swinney and Clemson's 5 goals Pause
4:22 Dashcam video of Rep. Chris Corley arrest
1:55 Godspeed, John Glenn: 1921-2016
1:02 The importance of South Carolina's Electoral College and how it works
2:54 Dylann Roof confesses to Charleston shooting, explains motive
5:37 Fork&Goal: Latin flavors inspire Game Day tailgating recipes for the Birmingham Bowl
4:53 Dawn Staley talks about performance over Alabama
2:29 Meet George: The first mature male great white shark tagged by OCEARCH
1:53 911 call from domestic incident involving S.C. legislator Chris Corley
Game details Developer: 11 bit Studios
Publisher: 11 bit Studios
Platform: Windows
Release Date: April 24, 2018
ESRB Rating: M for Mature
Price: $30
Links: Steam | Official website
One part survival game and one part city builder, Frostpunk doesn't give you time to play around. The citizens of this frozen, alternate-history England are cold, hungry, restless, and despairing. Your job is to manage these four societal factors—though not necessarily fix them.
Nobody is ever really happy in the world of Frostpunk. The world has already come to an icy end, after all. This reality is reflected in a series of political and technological upgrade trees that usually trade one pro for another con. Ordering the cookhouses to liquefy food rations into soup will feed more people, for instance, but it will also raise discontent. Another option is to cut the gruel with sawdust, though that might make residents (aka potential workers) sick.
That latter option won't seem so clever, either, when those sick workers can't collect the coal that fuels the city generator that keeps everyone from freezing to death or the wood and steel needed to build new structures. Loyal, placated citizens are a resource just like anything else in this grim take on the usual city-management simulation.
This is not a slow and relaxing sort of playground like SimCity or Cities: Skylines. Nor is it a creative exercise in making the most aesthetically pleasing city possible. True to developer 11-Bit's pedigree (This War of Mine), Frostpunk wants you to confront what you're willing to sacrifice to keep on living. And to do that, it constantly hits you with choices between two bad options.
Making it fit
That's not to say you can't enjoy the horizon you sculpt. As the game's name hints, there's a steampunk-in-progress art style that starts with generally believable structures and culminates in coal-fueled spider mechs and iron limbs that put amputees back to work at the end of the tech tree. There's a sweat-of-the-brow beauty under the layer of sleet. Unlike so much other steampunk, though, this mechanized Victorian vision doesn't ignore the human cost of industrialization. You can literally imperil the lives of an entire generation of youth by putting a child labor law on the books.
Nearly every structure you raise, from hunters' huts to propaganda centers, is fit into semi-circular “wedges” that radiate out from the central generator. The asymmetrical pie graph look this generates is a good fit for Frostpunk's already unique style.
What's less appealing are the unavoidable strips of useless land that pop up in between wedges as you get farther from the city's center. Better civic planning can alleviate some of this problem, but the strictly sized wedges leave some unavoidable wasted space sitting between usable zones.
Aesthetically, the loose-fitting zones always make my pedantic eyes bulge. But it's also a practical nuisance, since un-upgraded structures are better heated the closer they are to the generator. Not being able to place a medical facility in a toasty district is incredibly frustrating, especially when it's because the game's own built-in zoning is off by just two pixels.
The uneven construction isn't the only UI nuisance, either. Frostpunk will show you what areas of your crater city are heated when assembling architecture. It won't, however indicate if enough of the building you want to place is in the warmth to benefit from it. I've arranged countless tents so that they're touching a spare corner of heating, only to cancel construction after the fact when I found that heat wasn't sufficient.
UI annoyances
I'd also appreciate more granular control over the game's real-time crawl. The flow of time pauses and slows itself down when certain projects are complete, when new laws and research can be assigned, and when scripted events occur. But for some reason, the game doesn't give much warning (besides a quick audio cue) when expeditions are ready to be managed.
These exploratory squads of workers are vital to progressing the story and to acquiring resources outside the city. So it's a real kick in the shins when you realize they've been waiting on orders for several in-game days.
If I could auto-pause the game when they're idle and ready, Civilization-style, I'd feel a lot more on top of things. Likewise, I don't need time to always slow down when a new day's work shift is about to start. Not being able to customize game-flow details like these feels like a real oversight.
Further Reading One main mystery makes survival in Subnautica worthwhile These distractions can't completely drown out what is otherwise a very satisfying process of turning your city into a well-oiled complex. That kind of slow accumulation of self-sufficiency can serve as a great core for telling a larger story, as recent survival game Subnautica ably proved.
Frostpunk doesn't go to quite the narrative lengths as Subnautica. It does, however, have a trickle of scripted problems that add character to your city and the people who live in it. And smaller crises, like sending your authoritarian regime to crack down on graffiti artists, or dealing with a grieving widow after you decided to store her spouse's corpse for future use, add a sense of choice to the ghastly atmosphere and make your particular nightmare scenario unique.
Two additional scenarios—one that gives you a very limited population to work with and one focused on the haves versus the have-nots—only spin the tough choices and motivate you toward civic efficiency further. These scenarios are nice, but I wouldn't mind a choice-free “free mode” to see what I could make from the polar populace without all the impending narrative threats.
The main menu does promise another scenario coming soon, at least. I only hope that more scenarios aren't all that's coming. Frostpunk might not be the open-ended city builder to revitalize that genre, but its linear focus on specific undertakings could be nearly perfect with a few tweaks. As it is, I'll likely keep on coming back to the last city on Earth, convinced that this time I've got the perfect build order to keep its residents happy and fed. Tough choices be damned.
The good:
Satisfying upgrades to help your city become a well-oiled machine
Tough choices create a fancifully grim city-building story
Pseudo-steampunk style makes for good-looking structures under the ice
The bad:
Buildings don't always “fit” the farther they get from the center
It's tough to tell if you're using heat zones correctly
You should be able to set when the game auto-pauses and auto-slows
The ugly:
Creating an authoritarian regime because you really like its upgrade tree
Verdict: Frostpunk is a city builder focused on story and setting over creativity. Minor issues hold it back but not enough to ruin its grim vision of alternate history. Buy it.
By Nick Coit
ncoit@abc6.com
In high school boys basketball action Monday night, Deyshawn Tengbeh scoring 18 points to help lead East Providence past Juanita Sanchez in nonleague play, 64-55.
In a cross-state matchup & season opener for the Warriors, Seekonk runs past Mount St. Charles, 60-25. Mitch Blanchard scoring 16 points for the home team in the victory.
(WOMENSENEWS)– When teen activist Bryn Healy sat down to talk to Musimbi Kanyoro she was awestruck. As the head of the Global Fund for Women and a Kenyan-born activist, Kanyoro has a long career of elevating girls and women through leadership and philanthropy. This career of advocacy is Healy's dream.
In this first of three video conversations between Bryn, 15, and Kanyoro, talk about the roles girls have in making a society that is safe for everyone. “Your own behavior is the first place you begin,” says Kanyoro. “When you are able to identify with other people, it is the beginning.”
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — Daesh recaptured Palmyra last December and the terror group's gains in the historic city prompted the Syrian army to launch an offensive to retake it. Russia's General Staff stated on Saturday that the Syrian army has been advancing toward the city.
"The [US] Department of Defense is not coordinating airstrikes with the Russian military in Syria," Operation Inherent Resolve spokesperson said on Tuesday.
The spokesperson also noted that the Defense Department "maintains a channel of communication with the Russian military focused solely on ensuring the safety of aircrews and de-confliction of airspace."
The US-led coalition against Daesh has been carrying out strikes against terrorists' positions in the city.
On February 10, nine coalition strikes near Palmyra engaged seven Daesh staging areas and destroyed two tactical vehicles, according to the US Central Command. Another strike on February 12 destroyed an anti-air artillery system.
"Coalition strikes conducted in Palmyra and other enemy locations are based upon assessments from various intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance platforms which builds situational awareness and feeds information to commanders, intelligence centers, strikes cells, and pilots," the spokesperson said.
Daesh, outlawed in Russia, first seized Palmyra in the spring of 2015 before being forced out by Syrian government troops with air support from Russian jets in March 2016.
The militants later made multiple attempts to retake Palmyra culminating in a major assault in early December when Syrian forces retreated to Tiyas.
Here's THE RED ZONE forecast for this evenings High School Football games.
Looking very nice with fair to partly cloudy skies, light southerly winds and mild temperatures throughout the evening. Starting out at about 80 degrees at Kick-Off, then cooling nicely throughout the game. Enjoy!!!
Copyright 2017 KLTV. All rights reserved.
By: Will Burchfield
@burchie_kid
Continuing a season-long trend, Andre Drummond and Reggie Jackson have popped back up in trade rumors.
With the usual caveat: They're probably not going anywhere.
The latest comes from ESPN's Zach Lowe, who, in light of Drummond's stalled development and Jackson's diminishing role, examines the trade market for each player:
Detroit has quietly explored the trade market for each of its franchise centerpieces, according to sources across the league, and come away disappointed with the potential return. (Van Gundy himself has said anyone is available for “the right price.”)
In regard to Drummond, Lowe points to a points potential rift with coach Stan Van Gundy.
They have their tense moments. Both are close with Tom Gores, the Pistons' owner, and each freely admits they talk with Gores about the other in terms that might not always be the most flattering.
“Whatever we talk about with the owner is between us,” Drummond said. “But Stan and I leave nothing unspoken.”
“I think we like each other personally,” Van Gundy said. “Like most young bigs, he needs to be pushed really hard. Sometimes, he's more willing to hear hard coaching than others.”
Van Gundy addressed his relationship with Drummond in an interview with 97.1 The Ticket last month.
“Look, here's the thing on coach-player relationships that I think is the most important: These are business relationships that need to result in performance,” he said. “Thats what matters. If the performance is good, the relationship is good; if the performance is not good, the relationship's not working. So it's not a matter of how much people get along or like each other, it's whether or not it works.”
Drummond's numbers have regressed in his third season under Van Gundy. After averaging 16.2 points and 14.8 rebounds and making the All-Star Game in 2015-16, the 23-year-old center is down to 14.7 and 13.9 in 2016-17.
“This year he hasn't been bad,” Van Gundy said, “he's pretty well just leveled off.”
But the coach still seems to be pleased with Drummond's development.
“I think Andre, even though he didn't make the All-Star team this year, has certainly taken a jump forward in the time we've been here,” Van Gundy told 97.1 The Ticket. “That relationship works. I think people miss the point on coach-player relationships.”
Transitioning back to Lowe's report, he calls a deadline deal involving Drummond an “extreme longshot.” Here's more:
Any Drummond move now would be a shocker. There aren't many teams with a glaring long-term need at center. Phoenix may face one if it lets Alex Len, but the Suns wouldn't include (Devin) Booker in any package for Drummond. Ditto for Portland and C.J. McCollum.
Jackson is a more interesting candidate to be traded. The 26-year-old point guard is in his worst stretch of play as a Piston, was infamously called out in a players-only meeting in December (“a few guys hammered Jackson for his desultory play,” according to Lowe), and has more often looked like sludge in the team's offense than fuel.
Since Jackson returned from a knee injury on Dec. 4, the Pistons are 14-20.
“Reggie came back,” Van Gundy said, “and we've struggled ever since.”
Per Lowe, “Jackson moves are more plausible, since Detroit would settle for a lower return.” Lowe lists Denver's Emmanuel Mudiay, Orlando's Elfrid Payton (or D.J. Augstin), New Orleans' Jrue Holiday and Minnesota's Ricky Rubio as players the Pistons could seek in return for Jackson:
Mudiay is available, per several league sources, though it appears Denver has no interest in Jackson. Orlando remains an intriguing fit; Rob Hennigan, the Magic GM, was part of the Thunder front office that drafted Jackson, and the team is starting freaking C.J. Watson over Payton.
Jrue Holiday could ignite another point guard shuffle if he indicates he won't re-sign in New Orleans; the Pelicans have kicked the tires on Jackson, league sources say, though nothing ever got serious.
All of which brings the Jackson rumors back to square one. Per Lowe, “Rubio may be the only semi-comparable starter they could get for him.” Of course, Van Gundy squashed that idea less than a month ago.
Lowe speculates the Pistons could deal Marcus Morris and fill his spot in the lineup with the improving Stanley Johnson, but figures the organization isn't in the right position to do so:
A team less hell-bent on making the playoffs might even think about promoting Johnson, and seeing what sort of future assets (Marcus) Morris — working on a crazy good contract — might fetch at the deadline. The Pistons, with a new arena to sell, are not that team.
Here's how Lowe concludes:
The Pistons will likely hold off on any major moves until the draft. They aren't in severe distress; they're a .500-ish team in the playoff hunt, with a young roster that can still grow. They regard the playoffs as a must; they won't make any move that amounts to a huge in-season downgrade.
…
"Growth Institute will be an exhibitor at this event and there will be a strong focus on providing the youth with alternative tertiary options, allowing the youth to be work ready within one year," the institute said.
"Growth Institute will exhibit at the Work Readiness Village at Nasrec, and the company will participate in events at the Tshepo One Million Village (youth skills empowerment initiative by Gauteng provincial government)."
The Growth Institute said the key message to the youth of Gauteng was that there were professionally accredited programs that prepared the youth to become self-reliant young professionals providing services to SMMes.
"In addition, in line with government's policy about growing more entrepreneurs, 'Innopreneurship through Skills' will be an important message from Growth Institute."
It added that in a country where jobs were scarce, the youth had to be shown how to create their own work through Innopreneurship, the coming together of entrepreneurship and innovation.
- African News Agency
JOHANNESBURG - The Growth Institute announced on Tuesday that the Gauteng Provincial Government would be hosting the fourth annual Youth Jobs, Career, and Entrepreneurship EXPO next month.The event will be taking place from 9-17 June at the Nasrec expo centre.
12A-5A Coast to Coast with George Noory
5A-6A America in the Morning
6A-7A “This Morning, America's First News,” with Gordon Deal
7A-9A Early Morning Show with Dakota Tucker – News – Sports –Obits, Entertainment
8:30-9A “Ask the Expert Show” hosted by Steve Webster. Guests include Dr. Dan Quillen from Advanced and Progressive Therapy in Great Bend, Larned and Hays.
9A-10A Trading Post with John O'Connor
10A-11A Agri-Talk with Mike Adams – Could tax reform drastically change 1031 exchanges? The AgriTalk Panel will take a look.
11A-11:30 “Viewpoints”
11:30-12P “Room 428” hosted by Cole Reif. Guests include Brian Hutchinson from Great Bend High School and Vicki McCaulley from Eisenhower Elementary, outgoing Kansas Teachers of the Year.
12P-12:25 KVGB Noon Report – News, Sports, Weather, and other information
12:25-1P “Sports Day” with Steve Webster & Cole Reif
1P-4P Dave Ramsey Show
4P-5P “Market Rally” hosted by Chip Flory
5P-6P KVGB 5pm Report – News, Sports, Weather, and other info
6P-6:30 ESPN Radio “Jalen & Jacoby”
6:30-10:30 Royals Baseball – San Francisco Giants @ Kansas City Royals
10:30-MID ESPN Radio “Freddie & Fritz”
© AP Photo/ Sergei Grits Bilateral Talks on Bolstering Syria Truce Underway in Astana
–
ASTANA (Sputnik)Participants of the Syrian ceasefire talks in Astana hope to limit negotiations to one day on Wednesday, a source close to the process told Sputnik.
"We hope to make it in one day. Today we hope to agree the technical details," the source said of the negotiations that got underway earlier in the day and previously expected to last into Thursday.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
Freeport, Bahamas – Grand Bahama's future leaders are heading back to school in style thanks to a donation of backpacks and schools supplies from BTC.
The company joined forces with the Kingdom Living Church to Sponsor their annual back to school event under the theme: “EMPOWERING CHILDREN TODAY FOR LEADERS OF TOMORROW”.
Each student received a BTC branded backpack containing all their Back to School essentials; from pens and pencils to rulers and notebooks. BTC representatives Davina Rutherford (Left) and Lateasha Lord (Right) are pictured along with event coordinator Senator Jasmine Turner-Dareus.
It's hard to believe that with all the anticipation over the summer the total solar eclipse is now just one week away. For one man this wait has truly been a long time coming and he's determined to make the most of this big event.
What may look like an old homemade telescope, isn't just some old relic of the past. It's a piece of history, connecting a father and son, to the future.
Bartt Brick was in junior high when he found his grandfather's telescope mirror in his garage. One the man with no formal education had ground himself, in the hopes of building a telescope.
Bartt Brick recalls, "I looked at dad and I said, 'I don't know how to build a telescope.' I was 15. Dad said, 'Well I don't either but hey we are Bricks we can figure this out that's half the fun.'"
Bartt and his dad Gene Brick worked for months to build the masterpice, and set their sights on the Ring Nebula.
"We were up to what two in the morning I think?" Bartt Brick asks his dad. "Yeah," the older Brick replies. "And we finally found it and we were so excited because we knew it would work," Bartt Brick says.
Now they've upgraded to a newer telescope and have their sights set on another astronomical wonder, a total solar eclipse.
The last one passed through the older Brick's area in 1979, but unfortunately Gene didn't get to see it.
"It came all of a sudden on us and I missed it," Gene Brick says.
The older Brick was cutting logs into lumber inside, and had to hear from his coworkers about the wonder he missed outside.
"They were telling me about it," Gene Brick recalls. "I guess night here in the middle of the day."
But the older Brick has no regret, only gratitude.
"Well it was a chance of a lifetime and I'm still in my lifetime," Gene says. "I lived long enough to see this thing and I am really happy for it."
Now at 92, Gene Brick will get a second chance to experience nature's wonder, with four generations in his front yard, and his father in his heart.
"This whole thing should've been done with my dad," Gene says. "Yeah. I hope I can do him justice."
© AP Photo/ Marcio Jose Sanchez Rigged Searches? Google Faces $9B Fine in Europe For Manipulating What Users See
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — US-based tech giant Google may not have to pay 1.6 billion euros ($1.8 billion) in unpaid taxes to France due to company's lack of so-called permanent establishment in the country, local media reported Wednesday, citing a state representative in Paris administrative court.
"Google France does not have permanent establishment in France, it applies both to income and value-added taxes," the representative was quoted as saying by Le Monde newspaper.
The French fiscal authorities, as a result, have no right to recover the shortfall in taxes from the company, the court's spokesperson said.
In February 2016, media reported that French authorities suspected Google of tax evasion in the amount of about 1.6 billion euros. In May, the headquarters of the Internet giant in Paris were searched. Following the investigation, the French Finance Ministry demanded 1.6 billion euros in unpaid taxes from the company. The court will rule on the Google case by mid-July.
In May, reports emerged, claiming that Google had agreed to pay over $330 million to settle its year-long tax dispute in Italy. Google also closed a $185-million deal with the United Kingdom last year.
A permanent establishment (PE) is a fixed place of business, which generally gives rise to income or value-added tax liability in a particular jurisdiction. The term is defined in many income tax treaties and in most European Union Value Added Tax systems.
“Apple today seeded the first beta of an upcoming macOS High Sierra 10.13.6 update to developers for testing purposes, which comes as macOS 10.13.5, an update that's expected to include Messages in iCloud, is still in testing,” Juli Clover reports for MacRumors.
“The new macOS High Sierra 10.13.6 beta can be downloaded through the Software Update mechanism in the Mac App Store with the proper profile installed,” Clover reports. “It likely focuses on bug fixes and performance improvements for issues that were not able to be addressed in macOS High Sierra 10.13.5.”
Clover reports, “Work on macOS High Sierra is wrapping up, with Apple now shifting focus to the next-generation version of macOS, macOS 10.14, which will be unveiled next week at the Worldwide Developers Conference.”
Read more in the full article here.
White Knoll players watch from the dugout against Byrnes during the first game of the South Carolina Class 5A softball state championship series on Monday, May 15, 2017, at White Knoll High School in Lexington, S.C. Byrnes defeated White Knoll 13-1 to get a jump on the best of three series. Sean Rayford Special to The State
Fed presses ahead with details on gradual bond-trimming plan
NEW YORK, June 14 The Federal Reserve pressed ahead with plans to shrink its $4.5 trillion in bond holdings, outlining on Wednesday a very gradual plan for trimming securities that came in at the low end of Wall Street estimates.
SYRACUSE, N.Y. – It goes without saying that when you order something custom-made, you expect to receive exactly what you imagine.
However, for Malexa Maeweather, an 18-year-old from Syracuse, New York, a made-to-order prom dress had some unexpected and disastrous results.
According to Seventeen Magazines, Maeweather reached out to a local designer, Kia Wagner, in the hopes that she could create a one-of-a-kind prom dress. Instead, she said she got an absolute dress fail. Even worse, Maeweather didn't get to see the dress until the night before prom.
Maeweather told WGN, “I was so upset and very aggravated. I didn't know what I was going to do.”
It wasn't just Maeweather who was disappointed with the results of the dress. In fact, Maeweather's mother, Dee Lewis, told Seventeen that Wagner never updated her daughter on the progress of the dress, which left the teen in tears when it finally arrived. Having already put down a $100 downpayment for the dress priced at $300, Lewis took to Facebook to express her discontent.
“So Kia Wagner called my daughter Malexa Maeweather THE NIGHT before prom to pick up her dress which she charges $300 for. Are you serious…was I wrong for wanting my DEPOSIT BACK.”
In response to Lewis, Wagner also posted on Facebook stating, “the reason [Lewis] will not get her $100 deposit back is because I was simply following the instructions she agreed and decided to she had a variety of fabric selections to choose from and as well as several of fittings where i asked her numerous of times if this was the look she was going for…”
Nevertheless, with help from her mother and close friends, Maeweather was able to find and purchase a new dress to salvage her prom day.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DALLAS -- Roses were red, so she must have been near, but when we called the new Bachelorette what did we hear?
Well, it was just her voicemail at work giving us the normal "Leave your name and number" song and dance.
Guess we've already been rejected by the nation's new rose queen, Dallas' Rachel Lindsay.
Jimmy Kimmel made the announcement on his show Monday night, bringing out Bachelor series host Chris Harrison before welcoming Lindsay to a loud applause.
It was bizarre timing. Lindsay, a Dallas lawyer, got the first impression rose this season from current Bachelor, Nick Viall, and she actually hasn't been eliminated yet, being one of just four remaining women on the show.
Spoiler alert! She's not winning, y'all, because she's the next Bachelorette!
Rachel's the second Dallas gal in a row to look for love, following Jojo Fletcher last year, and she's the second lawyer. Andi Dorfman was the first in 2014.
She won't play second fiddle at one thing, though.
She'll the 34th lead on the series and the first of those who's black. There's a bit of a history of The Bachelor playing out like a scary movie. In one, black people always seem to die first, and on the other, their quest for love always ends early.
Not this time, though! Shooting starts in two weeks so there won't be much office time in the near future for the lovely lawyer. That's okay. Instead of taking on cases, it's time to take on those fellas.
President and First Lady dance to 'Thriller' for White House trick-or-treat
VIDEO: Gun Control - Voices From Both Sides
2:06
The Santa Monica Conservancy's annual fall tour “Sacred Places” offers a rare opportunity to explore the history, culture and architectural beauty of 15 places of worship in Santa Monica this Saturday, Oct. 7, from 1 to 5 p.m.
The tour features churches, chapels and a synagogue that were selected for their historical significance and cultural diversity.
“Few places have had such significance in the city's character and development as places of worship and community gathering,” said Ruthann Lehrer, tour chair.
First United Methodist and First Presbyterian were established in 1875, just months after Santa Monica's founding. Both began as small wooden chapels downtown and later evolved into major modern architectural landmarks.
Also, downtown at Fourth and Wilshire, St. Augustine's rose from the ashes of a disastrous fire in 1966 that destroyed the orig- inal 1887 wooden church.
Nearby, St. Peter and St. Paul Coptic Orthodox offer a glimpse into ancient Eastern Orthodox traditions.
Phillips Chapel, the city's oldest African-American church, was founded in 1906. The church reused a former school building, later remodeled in the 1940s to include commemorative stained-glass windows. It was designated as a Santa Monica landmark in 2005 to honor its centennial.
The large scale of Calvary Baptist Church, also serving African-Americans, reflects its former mid-city population base prior to construction of the 10 freeway.
A father of three victims of Larry Nassar rushed toward and tried to attack the disgraced former sports doctor during a sentencing hearing Friday, after the judge declined his request for "five minutes" alone with Nassar in a locked room. He was quickly tackled by bailiffs.
Two of the man's daughters had just addressed the court, saying they and another sister had been sexually abused by Nassar under the guise of medical treatment. Their father, Randall Margraves, then told Judge Janice Cunningham he was a "distraught father."
He looked at Nassar, shook his head and called him a "son of a b----" while speaking at the courtroom podium. The judge cautioned Margraves against using profanity. He then made a request to the judge.
"I would ask you to, as part of this sentencing, to grant me five minutes in a locked room with this demon," Margraves said to Cunningham. "Would you do that? Yes or no."
"No, sir, I can't do that," the judge said.
"Would you give me one minute?" Margraves asked.
"You know that I can't do that," Cunningham said. "That's not how our legal system--"
The father then lunged at Nassar, who was sitting nearby.
WATCH: The father of victims of ex-USA Gymnastic doctor Larry Nassar lunges at Nassar in court after saying to judge, “I would ask you to as part of the sentencing to grant me 5 minutes in a locked room with this demon.” https://t.co/KltZISbi1m pic.twitter.com/Am0N4gZzsT — CBS News (@CBSNews) February 2, 2018
Crying could be heard in the courtroom as Nassar was escorted out. Assistant Attorney General Angela Povilaitis told families in the courtroom to "use your words," not violence.
Hours later, while Margraves was making a court appearance, Cunningham said a punishment for him wasn't appropriate based on the crimes committed by Nassar and the anguish felt by families. But she also said it's wrong to "combat assault with assault."
Margraves apologized to the court and the officers who restrained him. He said he "lost control" and was embarrassed by his actions.
"I'm not here to upstage my daughters," he said. "I'm here to help them heal."
Immediately following the incident, Assistant Attorney General Angela Povilaitis told families in the courtroom to "use your words," not violence.
"This is letting him have this power over us," she said. "We cannot behave like this. I understand this is a remarkable situation. But you cannot do this. This is not helping your children. This is not helping your community. This is not helping us."
The incident occurred during the third and final sentencing hearing for Nassar on sexual abuse charges. The charges in this case focus on his work with Twistars, an elite Michigan gymnastics club. The hearing resumed after about 25 minutes.
More than 30 victims have given statements so far. During a similar hearing that ended last week, more than 150 girls and women came forward to say Nassar abused them under the guise of medical treatment.
More victims are expected to speak. The proceedings are likely to extend into next week.
© 2018 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Visual Science and the RAS Institute of Ethnology and Anthropology, with support from the All-Russian Science Festival "Nauka 0+", have reconstructed the faces of the Sungir people -- Homo sapiens who lived 30,000 years ago in Central Russia and are believed to be ancestors of today's Northern and Eastern Europeans. The new virtual reality 3D animation brings the Sungir people to life. Scientifically accurate visualization is based on skeletal remains from the Sungir site, one of the northernmost Paleolithic settlements in Europe, as well as data from previous efforts to reconstruct the Sungir people appearance.
What is Sungir?
Located in the Vladimir region of central Russia, Sungir is by far the northernmost prehistoric settlement of early modern humans in Europe. It was first excavated by archaeologists in 1956.
More than 80,000 cultural and household artifacts have been found at the site, which is believed to have been a seasonal hunting camp. Many are made from mammoth bones, Arctic fox canines and stone. Beads, pendants, zoomorphic figurines, engravings and clothing have been among the findings.
Remains of nine people have been discovered at the site. The best-preserved belonged to two siblings, aged approximately 10 and 13. These were used to create the VR 3D animation.
Decades of research on the Sungir site have advanced our understanding of human development, migration, and the cultures of Paleolithic Europe.
To create the visualization, two Sungir skulls were laser-scanned and photographed in high definition. The data was then run through state-of-the-art 3D modeling software, where existing data and modern facial reconstruction techniques were applied. The VR animation outlines the steps involved, from marking reference points on the skulls to reconstructing the soft tissues of the head, nose and ears cartilages, to creating the final "living" 3D portrait.
The VR animation is based on contemporary research as well as earlier sculptural reconstructions of Sungir people made by Mikhail Gerasimov's method.
"In the mid-20th century, Soviet archaeologist and anthropologist Mikhail Gerasimov created the first scientifically accurate method for anthropological facial reconstruction based on a person's skull. Previously, scientists noted that there is a dependency between the shape of the skull and the elements of appearance. The anatomical and radiographic research methods used by Gerasimov allowed scientists to not only determine standards for the thickness of soft tissues along the face profile line, but also to reveal patterns in the distribution of the soft tissues' thickness, depending on skull surface morphology development. The structure of particular facial elements was determined by individual morphological features of the skull. Gerasimov's successors developed techniques to restore the nose and ears. The degree of reconstruction authenticity was determined by a number of facial reconstruction projects that used the skulls of modern people, whose lifetime portraits were available. The methodology was tested mainly on forensic material. The Gerasimov method is still in use in Russia, Europe and the United States. In recent years, reconstruction has become easier due to the introduction of ultrasound scanning and computer tomography." -- Sergey Vasilyev, Head of the Department of Physical Anthropology at RAS Institute of Ethnology and Anthropology.
"As a scientist, I find this project extremely interesting. This is a meeting of multiple scientific disciplines - history, archaeology, cutting- edge computer technology. The result is a work of the highest order, which will find an audience both among the Festival attendees, who will be able to immerse themselves in the world of the Paleolithic, and among pedigreed scientists, who will find confirmation of hypotheses that had been put forward earlier" -- Viktor Sadovnichiy, rector of Moscow State University and the co-chairman of the All-Russian Science Festival "Nauka 0+".
Museums and schools around the world can access the visualization for free using Android apps compatible with Google Cardboard or any other VR headset at 4K resolution.
"Cutting-edge science combined with computer graphics is a powerful tool for promoting science among children and inspiring young people to learn about history and the natural world. The Sungir site is a global treasure. Special clothing and decorative elements suggest an amazingly high level of cultural development among Homo sapiens living 30,000 years ago. By visualizing these details with scientific rigor, we're able to share Sungir with the widest possible audience." -- Ivan Konstantinov, CEO of Visual Science.
"I like Sungir VR-animation because the reconstruction was made with high precision and attention to details. The physiognomy of the children, shown in the visualization, recalls Dolni Vestonice 15 -- remains found at upper paleolithic site in the Czech Republic" -- Professor Jiri Svoboda, Sc.D., Head of Research Centre for Palaeolithics and Paleoanthropology at the Institute of Archaeology of the Czech Academy of Sciences.
###
About Visual Science
Visual Science is an award-winning scientific visualization, communication and education studio. Founded in 2007, it develops 3D animations, educational videos, medical illustrations, interactive science apps, and more.
Visual Science has completed hundreds of projects for companies and organizations around the world. They include Nobel Prize laureates, leading scientific publishers (Wiley, Elsevier, Macmillan Publishers, Springer), educational institutions (Cambridge University, Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, Monash University), top-20 pharmaceutical and biotech companies (Johnson & Johnson, Takeda, Novo Nordisk, Roche, Nycomed), advertising agencies, museums, and broadcasting companies.
Since 2010, our projects have attracted millions of views from 148 countries, and have been featured in The New York Times, Los Angeles Times, Nature, PBS, New Scientist, Mashable, National Geographic, Popular Science, Wired, Spiegel and other media outlets.
Visual Science created the first complete, scientifically accurate model of the HIV virus at the atomic level. The company's 3D models of the HIV and Ebola viruses were awarded "Best Illustration" (2010) and "Honorable Mention - Infographics" (2011) respectively by Science Magazine and the National Science Foundation.
The company has an extensive network of expert consultants, including more than 70 scientists at world-leading research centers across the globe, from Harvard University (USA) to HKUST (Hong Kong).
Children's charity Barnardo's is appealing for volunteers to throw a lifeline to young people at risk of homelessness in North Tyneside.
It is looking for people with a spare bedroom to open up their home to a vulnerable young person and support them, so they can move on to independent living.
Operating from The BASE Centre in Whitley Bay, the Barnardo's Supported Lodgings Service supports young people across the North East – mostly those leaving care, who have been homeless or are at risk of homelessness.
Supported Lodgings Service lead, Carol Preston, said: “We urgently need people to consider opening up their homes to young people who are in desperate need of accommodation.
“It is a really rewarding role, as you can help a young person to get back on track and move on to a brighter future.
“Seeing that young person grow in confidence and then move on to live independently is a fantastic feeling.”
Barnardo's helps supported lodgings provider applicants through the assessment process to make it as quick and straightforward as possible.
A weekly amount of approximately £150 is paid and training and on-going support are given.
For more information, call Carol on 0191 2532127 or email carol.preston@barnardos.org.uk
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
The Flash Premiers Oct. 10 at on CW33 at 7PM!
Hey Flash Fans! It's Richard from Zeus Comics with my insight on the Season 4 of Flash
Quick recap on the finale because it was a bit messy - Unknown to the Flash Squad, HR used his transmorgrifier to take Iris' place, so our season long flash forward of Savitar killing Iris has now been changed with HR's death, not Irises.
This also changes the timeline giving Flash no reason to create the time remnants of which an evil one becomes Savitar.
In the end, it's Iris with a repaired time canon that shoots Savitar. With Jay Garrick also now out of the speed force, a sudden solution to time quakes hitting Central City at the end of the episode is for Barry to take Jay's place in the speed force bringing us to our season 4 opener.
The trailer brings us a Central City without BarryAllen/Flash but we are given Team Iris, Cisco, Wally and Joe taking on threats to the city.
But never fear fans, we're not long without Barry as he reappears in episode on a resolution ending even faster than Flashpoint plot in Season two.
So what can we expect from Season three?
Lighter Tone
The producers have heard our issues with the brooding, emo Barry and the dark tone of season three and have promised to bring back the fun into season three.
Part of this change includes not giving us a season long speedster villain like season one through three. Instead the fastest man alive will get a season long big bad with the fastest mind alive - the Thinker!
Thinker
Teased last season by Savitar, Clifford Devoe "The Thinker" makes his debut in our first episode.
In the comics the Thinker is a former district attorney who makes a deal with a mob boss but his eventual imprisonment by the Flash sets the stage for them to become enemies. It was through a device Devoe created called the Thinking Cap that gave the Thinker telekinesis and mind control.
The Mechanic
Joining Devoe is the Mechanic.
There's not much about the Mechanic in the comics but in the show she's described as Devoe's right hand as a brilliant engineer designing devices for him.
Elongated Man
Long time comics fans have oft speculated the red, black and yellow painting scheme inside Star Labs prison cells suggest the hidden hero Plastic Man.
Well season 4 will give us a plastic man of, sort of. One of my favs: the Elongated Man!
In the comics Ralph Dibny is a detective with a nose for mystery. His powers come from the gingo plant, allowing him to stretch and make his form malleable. The Elongated Man also eventually served alongside Flash in the Justice League.
According to the producers for our Flash Squad, Ralph is supposed to bring much needed levity.
Trailer Absences
In the trailer, Barry, Wally, Joe, Cecile, Iris and Cisco are shown. Noticeable absent are Caitlyn, Julian,Tracy Brand and Harrison Wells – any version of him.
Producer Andrew Kreisberg has said if you're a fan of Caitlyn Snow you'll be happy and if you're a fan of Killer Frost you'll be happy too so we can't count Caitlyn out.
With the death of HR last season, there's no apparent Harrison Wells from any universe shown in the opening.
From villainous mentor in season one, to reluctant dour father figure in season two to comic relief in season three, I'm eager to see what version, if any, actor Tom Cavangh gets to play this season.
But the status of time cannon creator and love interest Tracy Brand is still unknown.
With Tom Felton, our Julian Albert not in as a season regular we can probably assume the Cailtyn-Julian romance built up in the finale is on ice. But we are getting Gypsy back as the romance continues between her and Cisco
Poster
But hey what's this?!
A poster sneak for the four super-show crossover?! Happening during the eighth episode of all four shows this poster by superstar artist Phil Jimenez gives us Flash, Vibe, Killer Frost and a wedding!
Is this wedding of Barry and Iris? Is this the basis for the crisis? Plus who's missing on this poster – Wally? And who's that dark Flash shown - Thawne? Zoom? Or maybe Barry?
It's full speed ahead as Flash Season four races to the CW October 10th with our season opener Flash Reborn!
The Nunes memo is finally public.
Scroll for more content...
So what does the eponymous memo, named for House Intelligence Chairman Devin Nunes, R-California, actually prove about the FBI, the Justice Department and the roles senior officials in both of those organizations played in the 2016 election?
By my reading, precious little.
The memo's biggest claim is that then-Deputy FBI Director Andrew McCabe told the House Intelligence Committee that no FISA warrant would have been issued relating to one-time Trump campaign adviser Carter Page without the so-called Steele dossier -- the work of a former British spy named Christopher Steele that was being secretly funded by the Democratic National Committee and Hillary Clinton's campaign. The House Intelligence Committee was not made aware of the financing behind the Steele dossier during its investigation.
That could be a big deal. Except, we don't know for sure that the timeline of events -- and the reporting on who said what when -- in the Nunes memo correlates with the objective truth. Why? Because the actual FISA court warrants are classified. And because Democratic sources familiar with the Intelligence Committee testimony suggested Friday that McCabe did not, in fact, say that the FISA warrant would have never been issued if not for the Steele dossier. The sources also said McCabe did disclose to the committee that the Steele dossier was paid for by Clinton and the DNC.
If you are inclined to believe -- as President Donald Trump is -- that there is a widespread deep state conspiracy within the Justice Department actively working against you, then you see all sorts of wrongdoing here.
"The memorandum raises serious concerns about the integrity of decisions made at the highest levels of the Department of Justice and the FBI to use the Government's most intrusive surveillance tools against American citizens," White House press secretary Sarah Sanders said in a statement Friday afternoon.
McCabe admitted to reliance on the Steele dossier -- portions of which have never been confirmed by the FBI! And he didn't tell the Intelligence Committee who was paying for the memo! And a bunch of Justice Department officials -- including current Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein -- signed off on one of these FISA warrants!
Trump made his own views on this crystal clear on Friday morning, before the memo was even public.
"I think it's a disgrace," he said. "What's going on in this country, I think it's a disgrace." He added, "A lot of people should be ashamed of themselves and much worse than that."
It might be! But, here's the thing: We -- and Trump -- have no way of knowing that because, not to beat a dead horse, but a) The FISA warrants in question are still classified and b) We don't know for sure that what Nunes said McCabe said is the full picture.
What's difficult about getting to the bottom of what McCabe really said -- and what the FISA warrants really looked like -- beyond the two facts above is that the entire Nunes memo has transformed into a political football.
The hashtag #releasethememo has been a steady drumbeat for Republicans convinced, like Trump, that something's rotten in the Justice Department. Democrats have, on the other hand, lined up in unanimous opposition to the release of the memo -- suggesting it represents not only a break with the apolitical way in which the Intelligence Committee has operated in the past but also creates a real threat to the country going forward.
Sen. Mark Warner, D-Virginia, the ranking minority member on the Senate Intelligence Committee, called the release "reckless" and said it "demonstrates an astonishing disregard for the truth."
But amid all of the partisan sniping, we have the FBI and the Justice Department. And this is where I run intro trouble with the memo -- and what it apparently "proves."
The FBI is run by a man named Christopher Wray. He was Trump's hand-picked successor after the President fired James Comey. Rosenstein, who is tasked with overseeing the investigation into Russia's attempted meddling in the 2016 election because Attorney General Jeff Sessions recused himself, is, like Wray, a pick of Trump's Justice Department.
And yet, both men opposed the release of the Nunes memo.
"With regard to the House Intelligence Committee's memorandum, the FBI was provided a limited opportunity to review this memo the day before the committee voted to release it," the FBI said in a statement on Wednesday. "As expressed during our initial review, we have grave concerns about material omissions of fact that fundamentally impact the memo's accuracy."
Read that again. "Grave concerns about material omissions of fact that fundamentally impact the memo's accuracy."
So. The FBI, which is run by a man Trump hand-picked to run it, says the memo commits the sin of omission and, by doing so, doesn't present a totally accurate picture.
I haven't heard a good explanation from conservatives for that fact. Is Wray also part of the deep state conspiracy against Trump? If so, why did Trump pick him? If not, why didn't Trump listen to him?
As I have noted before, there was never really any debate within the White House about whether or not to release the Nunes memo because it validated all of the beliefs that Trump already had and, therefore, must be true.
The memo also appears to give Trump what he believes is the leverage he needs to jettison Rosenstein. Asked Friday morning whether he still had confidence in Rosenstein, Trump responded, "You figure that one out."
You don't need an advanced degree in reading between the lines to see what Trump is driving at there.
Which is all well and good. As President, Trump does have the power to fire the deputy attorney general -- and the AG too -- if he so chooses.
But, to pin those firings -- or Trump's broader conspiracy about the deep state -- on the Nunes memo is to do a disservice to the actual facts as we know them. That doesn't mean Trump won't do just that -- he absolutely will -- but a facts-first focus simply does not yield that conclusion.
CORRECTION: This story has been updated to correctly state Trump's response to reporters when asked if he still has confidence in Rosenstein.
The proportion of geriatric population amongst the total population continues to grow and is the single largest driver for the growing global geriatric care services market. Changing family structure in most developed countries has resulted in decrease in time family caregivers can provide. This factor has been crucial in developing and shaping of geriatric care services market. Furthermore, the industrial development and improved job opportunities in the emerging nations of Asia-Pacific have resulted into more people working away from home. This has further led to unavailability of family caregivers which is incentivizing formal care providers. Along with this a large fraction of geriatrics today wish to continue their professional lives but require moderate support from care services. The market in the region has begun developing and returns from geriatric care business in the region are expected to grow in the coming years. The global geriatric care services market was valued at USD 560.4 billion in 2012 and is expected to reach USD 850.0 billion by 2019, growing at a CAGR of 5.9% during the forecast period 2013 to 2019.
View Report: https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/geriatric-care-services-market.html
The global geriatric care services market is broadly categorized into home care services, adult daycare services, and institutional care services. The institutional care services market constituted the largest segment in the global geriatric care services market while home care services market is expected to witness the fastest growth amongst all the segments during the forecast period 2013 to 2019. The freedom to stay at home and cost containment are the prime reasons which explain the emergence of home care services market in the overall geriatric care services market. This segment of market provides unique advantages such as less expensive, desired stay at home and more independence which is helping to gain traction in the steadily growing global geriatric care services market. The shortage of other available options such as nursing homes and assisted living communities in the developing regions is also propelling the growth of global geriatric home care services market.
Request a Brochure of the Report @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=2558
In 2012, North America was the largest market for geriatric care services contributing to larger proportion of the global market followed by Europe region. These two regions are expected to maintain their leading positions in the global market during the forecast period from 2013 to 2019. Although the market for senior care services in the developed nations of North America and Europe is structured, it is yet in a developing phase. Moreover, the market is absolutely in budding stage in other parts of the world, particularly in countries such as China and India where the situation of elderly care is expected to become grave in the coming years. The market dynamics in China are more rapidly changing relative to India since it has more elderly population while India is still known to be a young country. China will be an attractive destination for the international industry players such as Home Instead Senior Care, Inc., as the government has decided to allow private investments in country's elderly care services market.
Enquiry for Discount on this Report @ https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=D&rep_id=2558
Brookdale Senior Living, Inc., Extendicare, Inc., Genesis HealthCare Corp., Gentiva Health Services, Inc., GGNSC Holdings, Home Instead Senior Care, Inc., Kindred Healthcare, Inc., Senior Care Centers of America, Skilled Healthcare Group, Inc., and Sunrise Senior Living, Inc. are some of the major companies operating in the global geriatric care services market.
A former dance teacher is facing multiple charges of statutory rape after a 14-year-old girl's parents went to the police.
On Oct. 24, the parents of the teen notified Franklin Police officials with “disturbing information” about their daughter and a 29-year-old dance instructor, according to press release.
Franklin Police opened an investigation on Ross McCord, a former instructor at DC Dance Factory in Franklin, Tenn., shortly after.
McCord was charged with four counts of statutory rape by an authority figure, four counts of aggravated statutory rape, solicitation of sexual exploitation of a minor and exploitation of a minor by electronic means. He has since been released on a $50,000 bond.
The dance studio immediately severed ties with the instructor as soon as they were informed of the allegations several weeks ago, according to The Tennessean newspaper.
• Want to keep up with the latest crime coverage? Click here to get breaking crime news, ongoing trial coverage and details of intriguing unsolved cases in the True Crime Newsletter.
“We cannot begin to express the depth of our sorrow and heartache regarding the situation,” according to a statement released by the dance studio and obtained by The Tennessean. “The DC Dance community is a strong family, and DC Dance assures our families, parents, students and alumni that it remains committed to maintaining a safe and nurturing environment for its students.”
In addition to the current charges, police officials stated they are currently investigating possible crimes committed by McCord in other jurisdictions.
• For more compelling True Crime coverage, follow our Crime magazine on Flipboard.
“Because Ross McCord has been a teen dance instructor for the last 10 years,” police stated in its release, “Franklin Detectives are concerned that he could have other victims.”
It is currently unclear if McCord has retained an attorney who can comment on his behalf or if he has entered a plea.
Anyone with information is encouraged to contact Franklin Police at 615-794-2513.
Posted by admin on February 15, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
Swiss Muslim academic and writer Tariq Ramadan, who works with Islamic theology and the role of Muslims in the West and the Islamic world, is considered a leading authority on Islam in the West.
The French authorities have charged Tariq Ramadan, who was earlier detained in Paris, with rape, the broadcaster BFMTV reported Saturday.
French law enforcement authorities began a preliminary investigation into the case in 2017 after two women filed a lawsuit against the renowned theologian.
According to the broadcaster, Ramadan was charged with rape and sexual misconduct the day before and has been remanded into custody. The defense has four days to prepare for the hearing.
READ MORE: WATCH Clashes During Prison Workers' Four-Day Rage Against Islamist Violence
Tariq Ramadan has written numerous books and articles on Islam and the integration of Muslims into Europe, stirring a certain amount of controversy over the last years.
Ramadan is a grandson of Egyptian politician Hassan al-Banna, who founded the Muslim Brotherhood — an organization aimed at instilling the Quran and the Sunnah as "the sole reference point for ordering the life of the Muslim community."
The Muslim Brotherhood is considered a terrorist organization by a number of states, including Russia, Saudi Arabia, Syria and the United Arab Emirates, while it openly operates in France.
Financing remains a major sore point as Saint Lucia and other Small Island Developing States seek to mitigate and build resilience to climate change.
That's the observation of Sustainable Development Minister Dr. Gale Rigobert.
Dr. Rigobert during the December 11 weekly press briefing, provided the media with a report on her attendance at the COP 23 Climate Change Conference in Bonn, Germany in November.
The bill raises the amount of illegal drugs that can trigger the death penalty
Published 10:11 PM, August 13, 2017
TEHRAN, Iran – Iran's parliament passed a long-awaited amendment to its drug trafficking laws on Sunday, August 13, raising the thresholds that can trigger capital punishment and potentially saving the lives of many on death row.
The bill must still be approved by the conservative-dominated Guardian Council but gained parliamentary approval after months of debate, according to parliament's website and the ISNA news agency.
According to Amnesty International, Iran was one of the top 5 executioners in the world in 2016, with most of its hangings related to illicit drugs.
The new law raises the amounts that can trigger the death penalty from 30 grams to two kilos for the production and distribution of chemical substances such as heroin, cocaine and amphetamine.
For natural substances such as opium and marijuana, the levels have been raised from five to 50 kilos.
The amendment will apply retroactively, thus commuting the sentences for many of the 5,300 inmates currently on death row for drug trafficking. – Rappler.com
One of the most common combined oral contraceptive pills has a negative impact on women's quality of life but does not increase depressive symptoms. This is shown by a major randomised, placebo-controlled study conducted by researchers at Karolinska Institutet in Sweden in collaboration with the Stockholm School of Economics. The results have been published in the scientific journal Fertility and Sterility.
"Despite the fact that an estimated 100 million women around the world use contraceptive pills we know surprisingly little today about the pill's effect on women's health. The scientific base is very limited as regards the contraceptive pill's effect on quality of life and depression and there is a great need for randomised studies where it is compared with placebos," says professor Angelica Lindén Hirschberg at the Department of Women's and Children's Health at Karolinska Institutet.
She has led just such a study together with Niklas Zethraeus, associate professor at the Department of Learning, Informatics, Management and Ethics, Anna Dreber Almenberg from the Stockholm School of Economics, and Eva Ranehill of the University of Zürich. 340 healthy women aged between 18 and 35 were treated randomly over the course of three months with either pills with no effect (placebos) or contraceptive pills containing ethinylestradiol and levonorgestrel, the most common form of combined contraceptive pill in Sweden and many other countries. Neither the leaders of the experiment nor the subjects knew which treatment was given to which women.
The women who were given contraceptive pills estimated their quality of life to be significantly lower than those who were given placebos. Both general quality of life and specific aspects like mood/well-being, self-control and energy level were affected negatively by the contraceptives. On the other hand, no significant increase in depressive symptoms was observed.
Since the changes were relatively small, the results must be interpreted with a certain amount of caution, the researchers emphasise. In the case of individual women, however, the negative effect on quality of life may be of clinical importance.
"This might in some cases be a contributing cause of low compliance and irregular use of contraceptive pills. This possible degradation of quality of life should be paid attention to and taken into account in conjunction with prescribing of contraceptive pills and when choosing a method of contraception," says Niklas Zethraeus.
The type of combined contraceptive pill that was used in the study (etinylestradiol + levonorgestrel) is recommended in many countries as the first choice since it is considered to entail the least risk of thrombosis among the combined contraceptive pills. The findings from the study cannot be generalised to other kinds of combined contraceptive pills because they may have a different risk profile and side-effects.
###
The study was supported by research grants from Jan Wallander and Tom Hedelius Foundation, Knut and Alice Wallenberg Foundation, Swedish Council for Working Life and Social Research, the Swiss National Science Foundation, the Swedish Research Council, Karolinska Institutet, and the regional agreement on medical training and clinical research (ALF) between Stockholm County Council and Karolinska Institutet.
Publication: Niklas Zethraeus, Anna Dreber, Eva Ranehill, Liselott Blomberg, Fernand Labrie, Bo von Schoultz, Magnus Johannesson, Angelica Lindén Hirschberg. A first choice combined oral contraceptive influences general well-being in healthy women - a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial. Fertility and Sterility, online 18 April 2017, doi:10.1016/j.fertnstert.2017.02.120.
When the 2017-18 South Dakota State women's basketball schedule was released, there was an immediate buzz about an early season non-conference match-up.
Not only were the Jackrabbits meeting up with powerhouse Louisville for the second straight year, but this time SDSU would get the number-four team in the nation in Brookings, on their home floor at Frost Arena.
So it was no surprise that a crowd of 2,506 showed up on a Sunday afternoon (December 3) to witness one of the best teams in all Division I battle one of the elite mid-major programs in the nation.
And the game did not disappoint.
Louisville fell behind by as many as a dozen points early on, but like good teams do, found a win to escape with a 68-64 win, their eighth straight to start the season.
But it was in the aftermath of this contest that something bigger began to emerge. The Cardinals weren't just leaving Brookings with a victory, they were leaving with a tremendous appreciation for the atmosphere they encountered in the Mount Rushmore State.
It all started in Cardinals' head coach Jeff Walz's press conference.
Walz, who as an assistant at Nebraska, actually applied for the SDSU women's job in 2000 only to be beaten out for the job by current Jackrabbits head coach Aaron Johnston, spoke glowingly about what his players had experienced in Brookings against a quality opponent:
This outpouring was just the latest in what's been going on for the better part of a decade now at the Division I level. The state of South Dakota has a special place in its' heart for women's basketball.
We've seen it with the unparalleled success of the Summit League Tournament in Sioux Falls every March, and it was on display again when the Denny Sanford PREMIER Center hosted the NCAA women's regional in 2016.
At first, bitcoin was a way to make payments without banks. Now, with more than $100 billion stashed in digital currencies, banks are debating whether and how to get in on the action.
Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein tweeted Tuesday that his firm is examining the cryptocurrency. Other global investment banks are looking into facilitating trades of bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies, according to industry consultants. Bitcoin has surged more than 300% this year, drawing the attention of hedge funds and wealthy individuals.
“They're clearly receiving interest from their clients, both from retail investors and on the institutional side,” said Axel Pierron, managing director of bank consultant Opimas. “It's highly volatile, it's highly illiquid when you need to trade large volumes, so they see the opportunity for a new asset class which would require the capability of a broker-dealer.”
But bitcoin presents Wall Street with a conundrum: How do banks that are required by law to prevent money-laundering handle a currency that's not issued by a government and that keeps its users anonymous?
The debate has played out in the open recently, with JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon and BlackRock CEO Larry Fink saying that bitcoin was mostly used by criminals, while Morgan Stanley chief James Gorman took a more measured stance, saying it was “more than just a fad.” On Wednesday, UBS Group Chairman Axel Weber, a former president of Germany's central bank, said he was skeptical about bitcoin's future because “it's not secured by underlying assets.”
There's even tension within some banks. On the same day Dimon trashed bitcoin, calling it a “fraud,” his firm's private bank hosted a panel stocked with cryptocurrency investors.
Handling bitcoin would invite scrutiny from every major U.S. regulator, according to Joshua Satten, director of emerging technologies at Sapient Consulting.
“From the perspective of the U.S. Treasury, do you classify it as an asset class or a currency?” Satten said. “If banks are starting to manage and hold bitcoin for their clients, you would have the OCC and the FDIC looking at how they classify the assets on their balance sheet and how they state the assets for the portfolio of a client.”
China's Crackdown
And banks need to avoid antagonizing governments that are increasingly concerned about this area. For instance, China is cracking down by shutting cryptocurrency exchanges.
Then there's the risk that stems from its high volatility and lack of correlation to other major assets. “What are they going to do if bitcoin drops for a given client and they've given that client a ton of leverage on margin, and that client only has assets in bitcoin?” Satten said.
Derivative contracts could help. CBOE Holdings, the owner of the Chicago Board Options Exchange, announced in August that it plans to introduce bitcoin futures this year or next. That could help traders hedge positions. Banks are also exploring creating derivatives and using bitcoin in international trade finance to avoid exchanging currencies, Pierron said.
What isn't in doubt is the interest from some investors. Hedge fund manager Mike Novogratz plans to start a $500 million hedge fund to invest in cryptocurrencies, initial coin offerings and related companies, which would be the largest of a growing group. There are 75 funds investing in the space, according to Autonomous Research.
Bitcoin already has a toehold in mainstream finance. In July, Falcon Private Bank said it was the first Swiss bank to offer bitcoin asset management to its clients. In the U.S., both Fidelity Investments and USAA let clients view their bitcoin balances if their accounts are linked to the Coinbase exchange.
The qualities that have made bitcoin the payment form of choice for drug deals and ransom demands—it runs on a decentralized web of computers around the world that sidesteps regulators and banks—are also what makes it hard to control by governments. Further adoption of bitcoin may require central banks and regulators to come to a consensus on how the new digital currencies fit into the existing framework.
“Can it be sanitized for the reserve banks and regulators and compliance departments of banks around the world so that you can root out the gray money, the stuff that you hear about coming from darknet markets?” Jesse Chenard, CEO of blockchain startup MonetaGo, said Tuesday at a conference held by Columbia Business School. Banks need “to have some assurances of who they're transacting with and the provenance of that coin.”
Bloomberg News
“Rick and Morty,” which revolves around the adventures of wild-haired scientist Rick Sanchez and his grandson, Morty, is pretty much the hot animated series du jour. And the sci-fi antics of the show — which airs on Cartoon Network's late-night Adult Swim programming block — have now affected reality for us all.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
MILFORD, Conn. -- A New Jersey man is walking hundreds of miles to raise money for a woman he's never even met who suffers from multiple sclerosis.
Brian Sebok made a stop in Milford, Connecticut on Friday as he attempts to make the life of a disabled single mother a little easier. Last year, Sebok spent months walking thousands of miles across the United States to accomplish his childhood dream for fun.
This year, he is walking 300 miles across five states from the steps of his home in Netcong, New Jersey to Boston. This time, it's for a much more noble cause.
“Just to do a nice thing for a nice person,” Sebok told WTIC. “Just to show that there is good in this world.”
Sebok is raising $5,000 to help Nichole Snyder maker her home in Palmerton, Pennsylvania handicap accessible as she battles MS. Sebok said he got the idea two weeks ago after watching a Facebook video of Snyder - his Facebook friend - emotionally talk about her struggles with her illness.
“We needed help,” Snyder said in the video with her son. “Sometimes people need help. Is mommy sick? Does mommy lay in bed all day? Yes. So now he's upset.”
Making her home handicap accessible would allow the wheelchair-bound 29-year-old, single mother to live at home with her 7-year-old son instead of living in a nursing home.
“That's why I want to raise up this money so like whatever time that she has on this earth, that she can spend it with her son,” Sebok said.
Snyder was initially in shock after hearing Sebok's plan to raise the money.
“I thought he was fake at first,” Snyder said. “And I mean he is the real deal. And this is going to change my life”
Speaking to FOX61 News over the phone, Snyder said Sebok is like a miracle for her
“It's one of those things where I feel like God just sent him to me you know,” Snyder said.
Sebok said all the money he raises is going to Snyder' s GoFundMe page. He explains that he sleeps under bridges, on the side of the road and with strangers just so that he can save every penny for Snyder on his journey.
“Honestly if I walk 300 and the funds aren't there I'm willing to walk another 200 miles to make sure she gets those funds,” he said.
Sebok has already raised more than half of the $5,000 GoFundMe goal. He's been walking for a week and has only 170 miles to go.
41.230698 -73.064036
“Google has released a powerful tool that can help security researchers hack and find bugs in iOS 11.1.2,” Lorenzo Franceschi-Bicchierai reports for Motherboard. “The exploit is the work of Ian Beer, one of the most prolific iOS bug hunters, and a member of Google Project Zero, which works to find bugs in all types of software, including that not made by Google. Beer released the tool Monday, which he says should work for ‘all devices.' The proof of concept works only for those devices he tested—iPhone 7, 6s and iPod touch 6G — ‘but adding more support should be easy,' he wrote.”
“Last week, Beer caused a stir among the community of hackers who hack on the iPhone — also traditionally known as jailbreakers — by announcing that he was about to publish an exploit for iOS 11.1.2,” Franceschi-Bicchierai reports. “Researchers reacted with excitement as they realized the tool would make jailbreaking and security research much easier.”
“The iPhone is one of the hardest consumer devices to hack, and researchers who can do that and are able to find bugs in it rarely report the bugs or publish the tools they use because they are so valuable. But Google Project Zero researchers don't need the money, and their mission is precisely to make all software, especially that owned by other companies, safer,” Franceschi-Bicchierai reports. “The final goal, Google said, is to help security researchers find even more bugs and hopefully report them to Apple so that they get fixed. Apple did not immediately respond to a request for comment, but the exploit has been patched.”
Read more in the full article here.
THE sister of Natalie Wood has said she is pleased Robert Wagner has been named a “person of interest” in her “suspicious” death.
Lana Wood, 71, told The Sun Online that the actor had so far refused to speak to detectives about the case since it was reopened - and hopes that now the truth over what happened to her sister 36 years ago will finally come out.
The revelation that Wagner, 87, was a “person of interest” was made by Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department Lieutenant John Corina in a new CBS documentary about the star's mysterious death.
He told CBS's 48 Hours: “As we've investigated the case over the last six years, I think he's (Wagner) more of a person of interest now.
“I mean, we know now that he was the last person to be with Natalie before she disappeared.”
Officials have also confirmed that the actress' drowning is being treated as “suspicious” after new witnesses came forward.
Lana said she was glad that investigators were now looking into Wagner.
Camera Icon Natalie Wood's sister Lana Wood has borken her silence. Picture: News Limited, Mike Szabath
She said: “All I've ever wanted is the truth - Natalie deserves that.
“I'm pleased with this development and I'm hopeful that this will help the truth come out and she can finally rest in peace and her family can try to heal.
“Whether or not that will happen I don't know - but we can try.
“The truth is important and this news isn't a minor thing - I don't have to say how important this is.
“This has been the most pivotal, jarring thing that has happened in my life.
“This is not ‘what are you having for dinner' - this is serious stuff. It's important.”
Camera Icon Natalie Wood in Paris back in 1964. Picture: AFP
Investigators closed the case two weeks after her death, ruling it an accident.
However, the sheriff's office re-opened the case in 2011 and changed Wood's cause of death on her certificate from “accidental drowning” to “drowning and other undetermined factors.”
Investigators, who have been working on the case for six years, told 48 Hours they are ready to speak with Wagner - who Lana says has so far refused to cooperate with authorities since the case was reopened.
Camera Icon Robert Wagner, 87, is now a ‘person of interest' in the 1981 drowning of his wife Natalie Wood. Picture: AFP
Lana said: “Investigators have not spoken to him [Wagner] in recent years - he has refused to speak to them.
“That's also what was stated by the homicide detective Tom Corina - he has openly said that - he has not spoken to the detectives.
“So why he can continue to say he has cooperated is very odd to me.”
Lana says that all the rumours have made it even harder for her to deal with her beloved sister's death.
“All the speculation around my sister's death has stopped us all from healing all these years.
“People take a couple of things that they know and continue on with that and build an entire scenario with just a couple of facts.
Camera Icon Natalie Wood and her husband Robert Wagner during the 29th Cannes Film Festival in Cannes in 1976. Picture: AFP
“A lot of it puzzles me I don't know how people can come to the conclusions they have.”
While Lana has said in the past she believes Wagner is responsible for her sister's death, she told Sun Online she needed “more time to process” the current development before making any more claims.
“I only go by what I'm told by the police and I'm really not prepared to go into any of that at this time - I need more time to process this news,” she said.
“But I'm glad they are looking into this. This is my sister - she didn't have a traffic accident this is not to be taken lightly.”
SIGNS OF NATALIE'S VIOLENT DEATH
FROM fingernail scratches on a dinghy hull to a screaming row — the mystery around actress Natalie Wood's death has continued to grow for more than 35 years.
Wood, known for her high-profile roles in West Side Story, Miracle On 34th Street and Rebel Without A Cause was found dead in the water in 1981 at age 43.
Camera Icon Natalie Wood before her death by drowning in 1981. Investigators are now calling 87-year-old actor Robert Wagner a ‘person of interest'. Picture: AP Camera Icon Natalie Wood in 1959. Her husband Robert Wagner is now a ‘person of interest' in her 1981 drowning. Picture: AP
According to The Sun , police have confirmed that the actress' husband, Robert Wagner, is a person of interest in her death which is being probed as “suspicious”.
But what actually happened, and how was actor Christopher Walken involved?
WHO WAS ON THE BOAT?
Academy Award-winning actress Wood and Wagner married in December 1957.
The two began dating when she was 18 and he was 26. They divorced in April 1962 and remarried in 1972.
It was on November 27, 1981, that the couple went sailing on Wood's family yacht, Splendour.
They were joined by the ship's captain Dennis Davern and her friend, actor Christopher Walken, during the trip off the coast of Catalina Island, south of LA.
WHAT HAPPENED THAT NIGHT?
Wood and Wagner had reportedly been arguing on the night of her death, with Walken refusing to intervene.
Camera Icon Actor Christopher Walken was on-board the yacht the night Natalie Wood drowned but refused to intervene in an argument. Picture: AP
At the time of her death, Wagner, Walken and Davern told investigators Wood “took off in a dinghy and went ashore.”
She was later found drowned near her yacht, with the circumstances around her death shrouded in mystery.
Investigators closed the case two weeks after her death, ruling it an accident.
However, the sheriff's office reopened the case in 2011 and changed Wood's cause of death on her certificate from “accidental drowning” to “drowning and other undetermined factors.”
People on a nearby boat had reported hearing a woman screaming on the night of the actress' death.
Camera Icon The inflatable dinghy used by actress Natalie Wood on the yacht Splendour, near Catalina Island, California in 1981. Picture: AP, Supplied
Investigators also reportedly found broken glass in the yacht's saloon — which Wagner blamed on rough seas.
Forensic evidence later found that there were fingernail scratches on the side of the dinghy.
Authorities have said they do not know how the actress ended up in the water but investigators who have been working on the case for six years, have now told American TV series 48 Hours they are ready to speak with Wagner, who has refused to talk to officials about Wood's death since the case was reopened.
WHAT WAS THE CAPTAIN'S TESTIMONY?
In November 2011, the captain of the boat, Dennis Davern, alleged Wagner was responsible for Wood's death.
He said Wagner had lied to police during the initial investigation and confirmed Wood and Wagner had an argument that evening.
Camera Icon Dennis Davern, captain of the yacht Splendour that actress Natalie Wood was aboard on the night she drowned in 1981. Picture: AP, NBC
Mr Davern said in 2011 that Wagner shouted at Walken: “Do you want to f*** my wife” before smashing a bottle of wine and then later yelled “get off my f***ing boat”.
In the 48 Hours documentary, Lieutenant John Corina publicly stated for the first time that they are treating Wagner, now aged 87, as a “person of interest”.
He said: “As we've investigated the case over the last six years, I think he's (Wagner) more of a person of interest now.
“I mean, we know now that he was the last person to be with Natalie before she disappeared.
“She looked like a victim of an assault. I think it's suspicious enough to make us think that something happened.”
Fresh bruises had been found on the actress' body in the autopsy.
WAS THE ACTRESS SCARED OF WATER?
Lana Wood, Natalie's sister, has said that her sister would never have tried to sail herself that night — even if she had been drinking.
She told TMZ: “Natalie hated the water. She had a great fear of it.
“She didn't go into her own swimming pool at home.”
She said that there had once been a prediction that Natalie would die by drowning in “dark water”.
WHAT ARE THE THEORIES AROUND HER DEATH?
Rumours and conspiracy theories related to Wood's death have circulated for years and “foul play” has been suspected.
Hernandez reiterated that Wood's death was not proved to be a suicide or an accident, and investigators are trying to decipher how she “ended up in the water.”
Wagner, 87, wrote a memoir in 2008 titled Pieces of My Heart and recalled a time when he argued with Walken over his wife's career, People reported.
He claimed in the book he did not know what happened to Wood on the night of her death.
Camera Icon The 55-foot yacht "Splendour," belonging to actor Robert Wagner and Natalie Wood. She was found drowned near the boat. Picture: AP Camera Icon Natalie Wood and her then-husband, actor Robert Wagner back in 1972. Picture: Getty Images
“Nobody knows. There are only two possibilities: either she was trying to get away from the argument, or she was trying to tie the dinghy. But the bottom line is that nobody knows exactly what happened,” Wagner wrote.
He expressed regret for Wood's death, writing he would have done something.
“Did I blame myself?” he wrote. “If I had been there, I could have done something.
“But I wasn't there. I didn't see her. The door was closed; I thought she was below decks. I didn't hear anything.
“But ultimately, a man is responsible for his loved one, and she was my loved one.”
This story first appeared in The Sun and is republished with permission.
SHARE COPY LINK South Carolina beat Virginia 66-56 in the second round of the NCAA tournament to advance to the Sweet 16 at Colonial Life Arena on March 18, 2018, in Columbia, SC. Gavin McIntyre
South Carolina beat Virginia 66-56 in the second round of the NCAA tournament to advance to the Sweet 16 at Colonial Life Arena on March 18, 2018, in Columbia, SC. Gavin McIntyre
Google announced late last week that Android Oreo is now rolling out to Android Wear devices, bringing with it various new features and more supported languages. At the time, it wasn't clear which Android Wear watches would be in line to receive the update, but Google has now put all questions to rest with an official list of supported devices.
The main new features to arrive with Android Oreo include being able to change the vibration intensity setting, a new touch lock option in wet conditions, more notification channels, improved battery saving performance and support for seven new languages.
Some Android Wear watches can already receive the Oreo update, but others will be determined by the individual manufacturers in a similar way to when Android phones get updated with new software.
Android Wear watches that can get the Oreo update now are:
Watches that have been confirmed will receive the update in the future are:
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) - US President Donald Trump on Wednesday signed the Right to Try Act, a bill that allows terminally ill people who did not get results from traditional treatment options to use certain unapproved drugs.
"Today I am proud to keep another promise to American people as I sign the Right to Try legislation," Trump said at the signing ceremony at the White House.
The president said his administration has been looking at several bills to address the issue and selected one that does not cater to insurance firms or pharmaceutical companies. Trump stressed he does not care about pharmaceutical businesses.
READ MORE: Ten US Navy SEALS Given Pink Slips After Testing Positive for Hard Drugs
"I don't care about that. I couldn't care less," he said.
Trump said American patients should not have to travel abroad anymore in search of a cure for their conditions. With the signing of the bill, people can receive experimental treatment in the United States, while remaining close to their families, the president pointed out.
During his speech at the ceremony, Trump addressed two other related issues: the cost of prescription medications and health care reform. He vowed to continue working to reduce health care costs and said major drug manufacturers would make announcements in the coming weeks regarding a significant drop in prescription medication pricing.
Where do you live?
I currently share an apartment with my sister's boyfriend in Stockholm.
Best childhood memory?
We were in Protaras when I was maybe 5 years old when my dad told me and my siblings that the moon would turn orange if we threw peas at it! So we did, and later that same night the moon indeed turned orange. Apparently it's called blood moon, but although the secret now has been revealed it somehow made us all think that we possessed some kind of magic power for many many years!
Most frequented restaurant and absolute favourite dish? What food would you really turn your nose up to?
I'm really into seafood. I know Cyprus is full of great seafood-restaurants but nothing really compares to Panayiotis on Governor's Beach. Also the owner is such a nice guy! Had lunch there almost every day last summer.
Worst food experience… I was once offered grilled chicken heart at a restaurant in Brazil few years ago. That just sounded too gross, I didn't try it…
What did you have for breakfast?
I tried to make a shakshuka for the first time! And of course coffee!
Would you class yourself as a day or night person? What's your idea of the perfect night/day out?
Definitely a night person when it comes to getting things done. Sometimes I go to my studio to practise at 9pm and then leave at 9am in the morning. The focus the silence of the night gives me while rest of society is asleep is just incredible. The perfect night out would start by enjoying a great concert somewhere with friends. After that we would go for a nice dinner with good red wine and then around midnight move on to a nice club/bar somewhere. Preferably in some place warmer than Sweden!
Best book ever read?
I love the short story Murke's Collected Silences by Heinrich Böll. The idea of the main character collecting all that silence on one tape to then go back and listen to at home in the evening is just really poetic.
Favourite film of all time?
Midnight In Paris by Woody Allen. As a teenager I often tended to romanticise about the past and every now and then dream about living in a different era. That movie is all about that feeling; mysterious, dark and funny at the same time with a great soundtrack!
Favourite holiday destination?
Bali! I went there over New Year last year with my girlfriend. It's a total paradise! Super relaxing place, fantastic food and the most incredible views I've ever experienced.
What music are you listening to in the car at the moment?
Facing You by Keith Jarrett
What is always in your fridge?
Pitas Halloumi! It's actually true – I bought like 20 packs when I visited Cyprus this summer and I still have one left!
Dream house: rural retreat or urban dwelling? Where would it be, what would it be like?
I always dreamt of living in a house somewhere in the Swedish archipelago where I would have my grand piano in a big room with panorama windows overlooking the sea. So more rural retreat I guess!
If you could pick anyone at all (alive or dead) to go out for the evening with, who would it be?
Igor Stravinsky! I watched a documentary about him recently that included a lot of interviews. He just seemed to be a super cool guy, I'm sure we'd have a fun night with lots of good red wine and some very music-nerd-heavy conversations.
If the world is ending in 24 hours what would you do?
Gather all my friends and have a party! Get drunk as f***!
What is your greatest fear?
That someone near to me would die.
Tell me a joke…
”What's the difference between an ant? It can neither ride a bicycle.”
Haha that probably doesn't make any sense.
Joel Lyssarides is releasing his debut album in March 2018. The music could be described as an intense mix of jazz/classical/and americana. The record also features two of Sweden's finest jazz musicians Rasmus Blixt on drums and Niklas Fernqvist on upright bass. www.joellyssarides.se
BRUSSELS (Sputnik) — NATO considers cyberdefense one of its top priorities as it faced about 500 cyberattacks a month in 2016, which constitutes a 60-percent increase compared to 2015, NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg said Wednesday.
"Last year, NATO experienced an average of 500 cyberincidents per month, which required our experts to respond, an increase of 60 percent over 2015," Stoltenberg told reporters after a NATO ministerial meeting.
© AFP 2016/ THIERRY CHARLIER Stoltenberg Concerned Over Increasing Number of Cyberattacks on NATO Facilities
The NATO chief stressed that cyberdefense was of crucial importance to the Alliance.
On January 19, Stoltenberg expressed a similar concern in an interview with Die Welt newspaper.
The NATO chief reportedly said that most of the attacks were sponsored by the governments rather than private individuals.
Cape Town - The Directorate for Priority Crime Investigation (Hawks) must do everything within their power to investigate and prosecute the politically connected Gupta family's proceeds implicating them in a suspicious R70 million tax pay-out from the South African Revenue Service (SARS) last year, the Democratic Alliance said.
The DA noted the move by the Hawks and the SARS arresting nine suspects linked to a VAT scam that had cost the economy R90 million, DA spokesman Zakhele Mbhele said.
"We are encouraged by this move and hopeful that more similar arrests will take place soon. The Hawks must do everything that is within their power in order to investigate and prosecute with equal diligence the Gupta proceeds, implicating them in a suspicious R70 million tax pay-out from SARS last year," he said.
This included obtaining the necessary court orders to gain access to information with SARS. The DA urged Police Minister Fikile Mbalula to ensure that the Hawks had all the necessary support that they needed in this regard.
"SARS paid this money into the bank account of Oakbay Investments. Normally, pay-outs are only paid into the account of the taxpayer and not into the account of the third party or proxy. This was after South Africa's major banks closed Gupta-linked accounts.
"The DA finds the personal involvement by SARS commissioner Tom Moyane in intervening and securing the payment into the Gupta account far from regular. SARS cannot be used to advance certain agendas for politicians and those who are politically connected, such as the Gupta family," Mbhele said.
The extent of corruption and state capture by the Guptas had collapsed institutions and state-owned-enterprises, which had adversely impacted on the country's economy and jobs.
"That is why the Guptas must fully account for every cent that they have unduly benefitted by stealing the fruits of the hard labour of innocent South Africans. Mbalula must show decisive leadership and offer both the Hawks and SARS all the necessary support needed to establish and expedite the investigation into R70 million Gupta tax refund," Mbhele said.
African News Agency/ANA
SYDNEY train commuters are a very long slog home tonight after a fatality in Western Sydney triggered major delays on all train lines.
Transport for NSW has told passengers at Wynyard and Town Hall stations to walk to nearby stations due to overcrowding, leaving commuters frustrated.
“Sydney Trains apologises to any customers impacted by delays on our network today,” a spokesman said.
“The delays are as a result of an earlier fatality at Wentworthville. Due to the nature of the incident a crime scene had to be established resulting in line closures for over three hours.”
A Sydney Trains employee said all trains were delayed by between 15 and 30 minutes due to the earlier emergency.
Sumati Prasad and her partner were left waiting for 25 minutes for a train home to Epping.
“I've been waiting 25 minutes and it's still going. Time keeps being added to the indicator board,” she said.
“It's unbelievable. We had a party to go to but I don't know if I'll make it. We are trying to get to Epping. It seems like it's a consistent thing that trains are delayed to Epping.”
Transport workers have been forced to barricade Town Hall's stairways to the platform to stagger the heavy stream of commuters trying to make their way home.
The delays have been triggered by a death at Wentworthville about 6.30pm.
Police are not treating the fatality at the station as suspicious.
Feb. 3 (UPI) -- Pop star Pink said Saturday on Facebook she has the flu, but still intends to perform "The Star-Spangled Banner" at Sunday's Super Bowl, where the Philadelphia Eagles will play the New England Patriots.
"Trying to practice the flu away," she captioned a photo of her singing with a scarf wrapped around her neck on the field at U.S. Bank Stadium in Minneapolis, Minn.
"I've been waiting to sing this song since 1991 when I saw my idol, Whitney Houston, own this song. And now, my chance has finally come. And it just so happens that this chance comes when I have two small Petri dish kids who literally cough INTO MY MOUTH and rub their snot on my cheek. You can't write this stuff I swear! And here we are. I've arrived at another one of my dreams which is slowly becoming a sort of nightmare. I will tell you, this is one of the biggest honors of my life, singing this song in front of my family, my military family, my dad and brother and step mama and family and the world. And the EAGLES!?!?! I promise I will do my best, as I always do. As far as the gremlins that got me into this mess, you can cough at me for the rest of your lives. If it's a contest, babies, you win. #spreadthelove #spreadthegerms #pleasegivememyvoiceback #ificansingimgonnakillit."
Soccer-Capello targets survival and cup run for new club Jiangsu
HONG KONG, June 15 Fabio Capello has set his sights on steering new employers Jiangsu Suning away from the Chinese Super League (CSL) relegation zone and success in the Chinese FA Cup as the Italian prepares for the latest chapter of his long coaching career.
CHARLESTON– West Virginia's top court has ruled that completely restricting access to the internet as a condition of parole violates the First Amendment.
The Charleston Gazette-Mail reports the West Virginia Supreme Court handed down an opinion March 12 saying it was unconstitutional for the state's parole board to revoke Bobby Ross II's parole because his girlfriend had a computer with internet access that he didn't use.
In 1988, Ross was convicted of sexually assaulting a woman from whom he stole money. He was paroled in 2014, and rearrested seven months later.
The court upheld a 2015 ruling ordering Ross' release.
The justices did rule Ross violated his parole for using marijuana, but the years he's been imprisoned for that isn't within state law's scope.
Online records show Ross remains in prison.
Comments
Anna Kolcheck is keeping one Halo of a secret, as revealed in this sneak peek from CBS' NCIS: Los Angeles.
In the episode “Se Murio El Payaso” (airing Sunday at 9/8c), Sam (played by LL Cool J) goes undercover as a financier when the daughter of a notorious counterfeiter arrives in Los Angeles, while Callen (Chris O'Donnell) partners with Anna (recurring guest star Bar Paly) to uncover the family's latest scheme.
But first, as seen in the clip above, Callen is about to catch Anna doing something unexpected in bed with her “teammates.” Is what she up to indeed “not cool,” as she confesses, or is it kinda perfect? Press play above and weigh in on how Anna… “decompresses.”
Want more scoop on NCIS; Los Angeles, or for any other show? Email InsideLine@tvline.com and your question may be answered via Matt's Inside Line.
US judge asks Army to revisit environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge on Wednesday said the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers did not fully weigh the impacts of the Dakota Access pipeline and ordered it to reconsider sections of its environmental analysis.
By: Will Burchfield
@burchie_kid
Hall of Famer, Alan Trammell.
“I'm trying to get the feel of that. It's got a great ring to it, but when I put my name to it I'm just shaking my head because it hasn't set in yet,” Trammell told the Jamie and Stoney Show on 97.1 The Ticket. “I don't know how it can.”
Trammell was elected to the baseball Hall of Fame on Sunday, along with former teammate Jack Morris. The two longtime Tigers had recently lost eligibility on the Baseball Writers' Association of America ballot, but were voted in on the Modern Baseball ballot, comprised of 10 candidates whose biggest contributions to the game came from 1970-87.
Congratulations Tram and Jack, in the Hall Of Fame where you belong! @tigers @MLBNetwork — Kirk Gibson (@23KGibby) December 10, 2017
Trammell, now a special assistant for the Tigers, received the good news shortly after he landed in Orlando on Sunday night for the Winter Meetings.
“We were deplaning when I received (the phone call), so I really couldn't show the emotion that I probably would have liked to because everyone was trying to get off the plane,” Trammell said with a laugh. “But nevertheless, what a moment, and just so happy to go in with Jack.”
Both Trammell and Morris broke into the majors in Detroit in 1977 and went on to play 13 seasons together for the Tigers, winning the World Series in 1984. Trammell hit .450 with two homers and six RBIs in the deciding series and was named World Series MVP. Morris won both his starts, going the distance in each one.
They'll be enshrined in Cooperstown on July 29.
‘I have not seen Jack yet, but you can be that it's going to be a big huge when we see each other here shortly,” Trammell said.
There are now three members of the 1984 Tigers in the Hall of Fame, including manager Sparky Anderson.
“It was long overdue,” said Trammell. “I always felt that Jack was the guy that should be elected first, to be honest with you. Lo and behold they get two of us, so we're going to have a Tiger flavor come Hall of Fame induction day.”
“I sense that Tigers fans, they wanted it,” Trammell added. “I'm so happy for them because fans are attached to players during their era, and I was obviously one of those guys along with Jack and others. It feels good to be able to give something back. … That'll be part of my induction speech, I guarantee you that.”
Trammell was a six-time All-Star, four-time Gold Glover and three-time Silver Slugger over a 20-year career, all of which was spent with the Tigers. He compiled a lifetime WAR of 70, a statistic that helped distinguish him on the Modern Baseball ballot.
“I'm smiling, kind of chuckling because I think it did. When we played, those statistics didn't exist. We were just playing the game. … Now those statistics that I wasn't even really aware of, came back to help,” Trammell said.
Congrats to Alan Trammell and Jack Morris! Honored to have been able to meet and know 2 Hall of Famers! — Michael Fulmer (@MFulmer12) December 11, 2017
The Tigers announced on Sunday that they'll retire the numbers of Trammell and Morris next season during a ceremony in August. As much as Trammell found himself thinking about the Hall of Fame in recent years, he said he pondered his No. 3 being retired even more.
“I have to be honest, probably even more so than the Hall of Fame, I thought about that more than anything. Just the fact that it would be very special and very cool. When I got talking with Chris (Ilitch) last night, he called and he mentioned that and it just took me back — like, wow, that'll really be another special day,” Trammell said.
His only regret, for the time being, is that Lou Whitaker won't be entering the Hall of Fame with him. Whitaker played alongside Trammell for 19 of his 20 seasons with the Tigers and the second baseman actually leads Trammell in the WAR department.
“I feel for him,” Trammell said. “There's no question, that was my dream and I'm entitled to my own opinion. … Unfortunately that dream is put on hold. I'm going in with one of my teammates, which is pretty cool in itself, and maybe Lou can come in in a few years. But my dream is still valid. I'm hoping that still happens at some point in our lives.”
For years, Trammell said, fans have been asking him to sign baseballs with the ‘Hall of Fame' designation after his name. They knew he'd be elected eventually, but Trammell wouldn't oblige. He didn't want to disrespect the game.
Since Sunday's news, he's fulfilled one such request.
“You know who it was to? Mr. Tiger himself, Al Kaline. That's the only one,” Trammell said. “Now that its happened, I was honored.”
It's been a long time since I last heard of StreamTuner2 as an open-source Internet radio station and video browser, but a major update was released today.StreamTuner2 v2.2 is the new release of this browser that interfaces with the content from Shoutcast, Xiph.org, Internet-Radio.com, TuneIn.com, YouTube.com, Reddit Music, and other services for discovering Internet radio stations and video content. The updated StreamTuner2 v2.2 adds new plug-ins for RCast, Streema, vTuner2, LiveRadio.ie, RadioSure, House-Mixes, and Reciva. This release also now distributes Reddit and Record-stop as part of the distributed plug-ins.
StreamTuner2 via SourceForge.
The updated StreamTuner2 also has feature extension improvements, the first release with "thorough Windows support", updated documentation, extended plugin management, and more. Those wishing to learn more about StreamTuner2 v2.2 can visit the SourceForge project site
LOS ANGELES, Calif. – A woman reported missing in Northern California last November has been found in an unusual, but highly visible place: on a popular reality television program.
Eagle-eyed viewers of “The Bachelor” identified Rebekah Helena Martinez this week as a contestant on the show's current season after the North Coast Journal showed her photo among 35 people missing in Humboldt County, according to the publication.
Martinez, 22, has been listed as missing on the California Department of Justice's website since Nov. 12. The date, according to the website, was the last time the young woman was seen.
On Thursday, the North Coast Journal posted a story, accompanied by photographs, about missing people in Humboldt County on Facebook, asking if any of their readers recognized anyone on the list.
And they did.
The first to respond, Amy Bonner O'Brien, said she recognized Martinez as a contestant on the latest season of “The Bachelor”; the long-running reality television series began airing its 22nd season at the beginning of last month.
“I was just scrolling through the 35 missing people and I recognized some of them from news stories,” O'Brien recalled in an interview with SFGate. “When I got to her, I was like wait a minute, she looks so familiar and I instantly thought of ‘The Bachelor.'”
The Journal followed up on the tip, contacting the Humboldt County Sheriff's Office after tracking down an Instagram account belonging to Martinez. The account had been active throughout the time the woman had been listed as missing.
MOM. how many times do I have to tell you I don't get cell service on The Bachelor?? https://t.co/iYnxQCIZBt — bekah martinez ♡ (@whats_ur_sign_) February 2, 2018
A short time later, the deputy who took the missing person's report confirmed to the publication that she had been located. The deputy spoke with Martinez over the phone, according to sheriff's spokeswoman Samantha Karges.
She told the Journal that Martinez's mother reported her daughter missing on Nov. 18, six days after she had last been seen. Martinez had told her mother she was going to work on a marijuana farm in Humboldt County.
“As part of procedure, Humboldt County Sheriff's Office deputies are typically required to make direct contact with the missing person to confirm status and well-being, as geographical and other factors allow,” the Sheriff's Office said in a statement obtained by the New York Times. “A deputy was not able to make direct contact with Martinez and she was not removed from the Missing and Unidentified Persons System.”
Martinez had posted on Sept. 17 that she was giving up her phone and social media for several weeks. Her next post was dated Nov. 22.
According to her contestant biography on ABC's website, Martinez — who goes by Bekah M. — is from Fresno and works as a nanny.
30 May, Kolkata (Press Release) – Avinandan Bose and Dedipya Ray bagged perfect score in West Bengal Joint Entrance Examination. Both were students of Edupace Academy Classroom program and were using InnovED Global online test series for online preparation. They thanked Edupace academy and InnovED Global for providing study material and teaching the techniques required to achieve high scores.
Unlike previous years, where a predictable list of schools provided toppers, this year the story was different. Both the students did not belong to the schools providing the toppers.
The reasons behind both the students getting the top ranks were a lot of dedication and use of complex algorithm provided by InnovED Global to predict the paper.
With the help of complex algorithm artificial intelligence, the test paper can be predicted, and the test can be made accordingly such that almost every relevant topic is covered.
Last year, InnovED Global produced All India JEE Advanced Mathematics topper who scored 122 out of 122 in Mathematics.
West Bengal Joint Entrance Examination
West Bengal Joint Entrance Examination or the WBJEE is a state-government controlled centralized test, conducted by the West Bengal Joint Entrance Examinations Board (WBJEEB) for admission to many private and governmental medical and engineering institutions in West Bengal. The test is conducted after the 12th grade for admission to Graduation (bachelors) courses.
The Board is empowered to conduct common, combined, competitive, entrance examinations for admission to the undergraduate professional and vocational courses in any College or in any University in the State of West Bengal.
Features of InnovED Global test Series
InnovED Global test series has various essential features needed by the students.
• Mobile & Tablet responsive. Now prepare anytime, anywhere without the need to download any mobile application. InnovED Global test series is made such that questions resize according to the electronic device student is using.
• Every changing and New Content every year. Whereas most of the test series in India use same content every year, InnovED Global stands itself out from others by providing new content every year, which is prepared by studying previous year exams question pattern.
• Focuses on Self-assessment. Instead of comparing students with one another, InnovED Global focuses its analytics on self-assessment.
• Relevant questions. Instead of bombarding students with a set of questions, InnovED Global test series chooses only the relevant and best questions for the student.
• Parent involvement. InnovED Global test series specially prepared Parent Module so that parents can see their children reports easily.
With its ranker's level content and robust software InnovED Global aims for more rankers in various examinations.
Talking about the commitments of InnovED Global, “The platform is continuously evolving to meet the challenges and innovation of the future while maintaining a tradition of excellence, and accessibility.
About InnovED Global
InnovED Global is founded by Rohit Singh, an IIT Delhi Alumnus, with the mission to provide exam preparation platform to the masses. InnovED Global started in September 2016 in association with EduPace Academy to provide online test platform to the students.
In the pilot run, InnovED Global was used by 78 students, out of which 40 got selected in various engineering exams including IIT JEE and WB JEE. Not only that, All India IIT Advance Maths topper was one of the students among these 78 students.
Media Contact –
Rohit Singh
Contact Email Id: rohit@innovedglobal.com
Contact Number: 07021966405
https://innovedglobal.com/
By ARNIE STAPLETON, AP Pro Football Writer
BLOOMINGTON, Minn. (AP) — Rob Gronkowski gets to play in this year's Super Bowl after missing last year's game with a bad back. Zach Ertz gets the chance to match his wife, Julie , a soccer star who's already won a world championship.
Super Bowl 52 could come down to which of these terrific tight ends shines brighter.
The two had similar statistics and impact on their team's fortunes this season.
Gronkowski led the New England Patriots with 69 catches for 1,084 yards and eight touchdowns.
Ertz led the Philadelphia Eagles with 74 catches for 824 yards and eight TDs — double his previous career best.
Ertz also has 11 grabs for 125 yards in the playoffs and Gronkowski has seven catches for 102 yards and a touchdown in the playoffs despite missing most of the AFC championship against Jacksonville after taking a helmet-to-helmet hit from Barry Church before halftime.
That led to concerns Gronkowski might miss his second straight Super Bowl. He was sidelined for last year's 34-28 overtime win against Atlanta after undergoing back surgery.
Gronk, however, returned to practice Thursday and said he is “ready to roll” after clearing the concussion protocol.
He said he never doubted he'd get to play Sunday.
“There was no reason to get frustrated,” Gronkowski said. “We had that extra week, which was awesome.”
The return of the All-Pro tight end gives Tom Brady another key option against a punishing Eagles defense that ranked fourth in the league.
“He's a dynamic player. He means a ton to our offense. He really has since he got to our team. It's always great when he's out there,” Brady said.
“I've played with him a long time, I've thrown him a lot of footballs. He knows exactly what to do, he knows where to expect the ball, when to expect it. He's just a tremendous player for our team.”
Ertz is just as important to Nick Foles and the Eagles' offense.
The fifth-year pro made his first Pro Bowl this season, leading all NFC tight ends in receptions. He added eight catches for 93 yards in the NFC championship game against Minnesota.
Despite his breakout season and postseason, Ertz knows he won't be the best tight end on the field Sunday. Gronkowski led all NFL tight ends in receiving yards for the fourth time.
Gronk is the gold standard.
“He's a beast after the catch, I think that kind of separates him from all the other tight ends,” Ertz said. “And he's also able to be open even when he's not open because he's got such a big frame and extremely good ball skills. And obviously Tom Brady is a phenomenal quarterback, too, but even without Tom, I think he would still be doing the same type of things regardless of where he was.”
Ertz knows the numbers off the top of his head, too.
“He has all the (single season) tight end records in the league,” Ertz said. He's got the yards — 1,327 — and he's got the touchdowns — 17 — he's just a phenomenal player.”
With a pair of Super Bowl rings.
That's what Ertz really covets, a world championship like the one his wife won in 2015 as a midfielder for the World Cup-winning U.S. national soccer team.
“Julie won a World Cup two years ago,” Ertz said, “so I need to hold up my end of the bargain.”
The “It” couple in the NFL was married last March after a romance that started when Julie, then Julie Johnston, was an emerging soccer star at Santa Clara and Zach was playing at Stanford.
The two were apart when the Eagles clinched their spot in the Super Bowl with a 38-7 victory over the Minnesota Vikings. Julie was in San Diego for a national team match against Denmark. She was among the players who scored in the 5-1 victory.
Afterward, when she was told Zach was going to the Super Bowl, she burst into tears .
“Zach knew I was there obviously in spirit and I was praying for him and I was excited for him and cheering him from miles away,” she said.
“It's a part of our job and we sacrifice a lot, and time's the biggest thing. But to find out that they are going to the Super Bowl was amazing, exciting, emotional.
It's really cool to see your loved one's hard work pay off.”
Ertz said it was hard for him watching other players' celebrate with their wives “but seeing that video kind of showed me that she was struggling not being there, too.
“And it was extremely difficult for us not being together like it is anytime we're not together. But she's here now, I'm lucky she's here. I'm blessed that she's here and I'm excited hopefully to be able to experience that again.”
___
For more NFL coverage: http://www.pro32.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_NFL
___
AP Sports Writer Anne M. Peterson contributed.
___
Follow Arnie Melendrez Stapleton on Twitter: http://twitter.com/arniestapleton
(Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
AFAQ commences dividend distribution effective February 19, 2017 (KSE) Date: 14 Feb 2017 AFAQ Educational Services Co. commences, effective February 19, 2017, distribution of 10 Fils cash dividends per share over registered shareholders as of February 8, 2017 at Kuwait Clearing Company.
April 20 Razor Energy Corp
* Razor Energy Corp announces strategic light oil asset acquisition in the kaybob area of west central Alberta and $18 million equity financing
* Deal for cash consideration of $9.6 million
* Acquisition will be funded with Razor's cash reserves and through proceeds of prospectus offering Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Another Juneau Democrat won't seek re-election. Freshman lawmaker Rep. Justin Parish posted a short video announcement Tuesday on Facebook. This means the entire capital city's legislative delegation will be in play this fall.
The news apparently came out of the blue.
“Hello friends and neighbors. I'm Justin Parish, your representative for House District 34 in Alaska,” Parish said in the video. “I've said from the beginning that I'll run for re-election unless I'm able to find someone better than me. And now, after many conversations, I think I have.”
Parish endorsed his 52-year-old chief of staff: Rob Edwardson.
“I actually wasn't planning on running for the Legislature at all,” Edwardson said Tuesday afternoon.
He's also a Juneau Assemblyman and has resigned his job as a state aide for Parish so he can run for state office.
“Rep. Parish earlier this year met with my wife and I out at our house and suggested it,” Edwardson said. “So, off and on we'd discussed it and I decided to go for it.”
Parish's announcement means the entire Juneau delegation is now in play. Fellow Democrat Sen. Dennis Egan isn't running for health reasons and Rep. Sam Kito III, whose House district encompasses downtown Juneau, said he won't run because of cuts to lawmakers' compensation.
Parish was elected to his first term in 2016. And Rob Edwardson has two more years in his term on the Juneau Assembly.
Edwardson wouldn't say why Parish is bowing out.
“He's the best one to answer that,” Edwardson said.
Parish didn't respond to interview requests.
“He was saying all along that if he found someone who could do more for Juneau and more for Alaska than he felt he could,” Edwardson continued, “then he would support that person. And I'm proud to say that he found that person in me and I hope that I can live up to that.”
Parish offered no other explanation. Nor are there any apparent scandals. Staff of the legislature's ethics committee that reviews formal complaints says proceedings are confidential until the committee issues a decision. The primary election is in August.
Fellow Juneau Assemblyman Jerry Nankervis has filed to run as a Republican.
The general election is in November.
An estimated 4,645 people died in Hurricane Maria and its aftermath in Puerto Rico, according to an academic report published Tuesday in a prestigious medical journal. That figure dwarfs Puerto Rico's official death toll of 64, which the article's authors called a “substantial underestimate” of Hurricane Maria's death toll.
“These numbers … underscore the inattention of the US government to the frail infrastructure of Puerto Rico,” authors from Harvard University and other institutions wrote in the New England Journal of Medicine.
The official death toll in Puerto Rico has been the subject of substantial controversy since Hurricane Maria hit this island, a US territory, on September 20. CNN and other news outlets have used government statistics and extensive interviews with families of the deceased and funeral home directors to question the Puerto Rican government's official tally of deaths.
Previous estimates suggested Maria contributed to about 1,000 deaths.
The team from Harvard arrived at its much-higher estimate by surveying 3,299 randomly chosen households across the island earlier this year. Authors compared results of that survey — which asked island residents about deaths in their homes, among other things — with official mortality statistics from 2016. That allowed researchers to estimate the number of deaths that likely occurred as a result of Hurricane Maria between the date of the storm and December 31, 2017.
“The difference is that we went out and we had boots on the ground and we did the interviews,” said Domingo Marqués, an associate professor of clinical psychology at Carlos Albizu University in Puerto Rico, who was among the report's authors.
“Statistically, it's like having interviewed the whole island,” he said.
Still, the exact death toll is likely to remain a mystery. Experts tell CNN it is difficult to say with certainty whether a hurricane “caused” certain deaths, especially those that occurred because of the chaotic and unsafe conditions that have lingered for months in Puerto Rico. Marqués and colleagues say 793 to 8,498 hurricane deaths occurred.
In a news conference on Tuesday, Hector Pesquera, head of Puerto Rico's public safety department, said the government did not have reason to question the latest estimates, which come from researchers at Harvard University as well as Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center, the University of Colorado and universities in Puerto Rico.
US territory officials stressed that the Puerto Rican government has hired George Washington University to conduct an assessment of Maria's death toll and that the results of that review are still forthcoming. Previously, officials had expected the George Washington University report to be released this spring, before the Atlantic hurricane season, which begins on June 1.
“The Government of Puerto Rico welcomes the newly released Harvard University survey and we look forward to analyzing it,” Carlos R. Mercader, executive director of the Puerto Rico Federal Affairs Administration, said in a press release.
“As the world knows, the magnitude of this tragic disaster caused by Hurricane Maria resulted in many fatalities. We have always expected the number to be higher than what was previously reported. That is why we commissioned The George Washington University to carry out a thorough study on the number of fatalities caused by Hurricane Maria which will be released soon. Both studies will help us better prepare for future natural disasters and prevent lives from being lost.”
The Harvard study says the Puerto Rican and US governments did not provide adequate services — including electrical power and medical assistance — after the hurricane. It also notes that Puerto Rican officials have refused to make public basic mortality statistics.
The US Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), which oversees disaster recovery, has said it encountered unique logistical challenges on the island after the storm that make comparisons between the response to Maria and other storms problematic.
CNN and the Center for Investigative Journalism (CPI) in Puerto Rico are suing the island's demographic registry for access to death records that have been withheld.
In November, CNN surveyed 112 funeral homes — about half the total — across Puerto Rico, in a moment when many communication systems remained inoperable. At that time, funeral home directors identified 499 deaths they considered to be hurricane-related.
Puerto Rico added at least two people to its official count following CNN's investigation.
One was Quintín Vidal Rolón, 89, who died in a lantern fire that relatives said occurred because of the storm; Vidal was using the lantern because he didn't have electricity.
Other uncounted deaths occurred in environments where people lacked electricity or other basic services, including communications. Many roads were blocked after the storm. And hurricane-related deaths appear to have continued for months after the September hurricane.
Natalio Rodriguez Lebron, 77, for example, died in Maunabo, Puerto Rico, in January. His family says that's because they couldn't afford to power a breathing machine that helped keep him alive.
While most power and water service has been restored, thousands of people here remain without electricity — more than eight months after Hurricane Maria.
The latest death-toll estimate could be seen as an indictment of the federal response to the storm, said Dr. Gregory J. Davis, director of the University of Kentucky's Forensic Pathology Consultation Service.
“This alone should make your readers and the readers of the New England Journal really stand up and take notice — and frankly be asking our government ‘Why?' ” he said. “Our government is not doing what they should be doing down there. It's infuriating, that's the bottom line.”
The New England Journal of Medicine article adds to “a growing consensus that deaths have been undercounted by the Puerto Rican government,” said Alexis Santos, a demographer at Penn State University who also has researched the death toll following Maria.
“This is a valid way of looking at it,” he said of the research from Harvard. Still, “The way this is done, by interviews with people in different barrios in Puerto Rico, it seems to me that someone could report a death as associated with the hurricane when it was not.”
That could result in an overcounting of deaths, he said.
The Harvard team, meanwhile, says that, if anything, its estimates are low. It would be impossible to identify some deaths using a survey, Marqués said. For example, if a person died while living alone there would be no person in that home able to answer questions.
Researchers also underscored how much an accurate death toll matters — in terms of supplying adequate assistance, for the families of victims and for the prevention of future deaths.
“As the United States prepares for its next hurricane season,” the researchers wrote, “it will be critical to review how disaster-related deaths will be counted, in order to mobilize an appropriate response operation and account for the fate of those affected.”
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
Republicans struggle to fulfill pledge to end Obamacare. Chaffetz says he may open probe into Flynn, begins investigation into Mar-a-Lago incident. Outdoor retailers give Utah an ultimatum.
Happy Wednesday. Republicans vowed to gut Obamacare once in office, but now are finding that promise a bit hard to follow through on. Undoing the health care law despised by conservatives seemed to be a straightforward proposition for the party after it won the White House and retained control of both chambers of Congress. Instead, Republicans are sniping over how much of the law to scrap, what to replace it with and when. At this moment, it's far from a sure thing any plan could get through Congress. [Politico]
Topping the news: Rep. Jason Chaffetz says he may launch an investigation into President Donald Trump's now-former national security adviser, Michael Flynn, and meanwhile, sent a letter to the White House yesterday probing Trump's discussion of possibly classified information in the middle of a dining room at Mar-a-Lago. [Trib]
-> The trial of former Attorney General John Swallow resumed today with testimony from a security expert who worked for one of the state's key witnesses, a Salt Lake City lawyer and an FBI forensic accountant. [Trib] [DNews] [ABC4]
-> Executives in the U.S. outdoor retail industry sent an ultimatum letter to Utah Gov. Gary Herbert demanding he either reverse course on key public-lands policies or risk industry leaders leaving the state when its contract with the Salt Palace Convention Center expires next year. [Trib] [DNews] [KUTV]
Tweets of the day: From @ddiamond: "Happy Valentine's Day, including to my many enemies and those who have fought me and lost so badly they just don't know what to do. Love!"
-> From @UnknownWr1ter: "My love is as real as the Bowling Green Massacre # NeverRemember # WhiteHouseCandyHearts"
-> From @aimeecow: "I wonder what Barack and Joe got each other for Valentine's Day"
From @Tyrangiel: "When the murder of the North Korean dictator's half-brother by two women who stabbed him with poisoned needles isn't the day's top story"
Happy Birthday: To SITLA associate director John Andrews and state Rep. Mel Brown.
In other news: The Utah Department of Natural Resources says it sees no immediate danger of flooding in Northern Utah reservoirs and dams. [Trib] [APviaKUTV]
-> A group of constituents says Utah Rep. Mia Love will only meet with a limited number of people at a time without recording devices or media present. [KUTV]
-> An audit of Salt Lake City's Building Services recommended the city make improving customer service a top priority moving forward. [Trib]
-> State lawmakers praised the Utah Jazz for transferring its ownership to a legacy trust designed to keep the team in the state and for it's embarkment on a $150 million construction project that's funded without a dime of state money. [Trib]
-> Pat Bagley takes a closer look at who's being paid after Chaffetz made unsubstantiated claims that paid protestors attended his town-hall meeting last Thursday. [Trib]
From the Hill: Motivated partially by a lawsuit Equality Utah filed against the Utah Board of Education, Sen. Stuart Adams is sponsoring legislation that would strike down a portion of Utah's sex education law that bans "the advocacy of homosexuality" in classrooms. [Trib] [ABC4] [Fox13]
-> The Senate may restore a full state sales tax on food purchases in order to counter a proposed education funding initiative. [DNews] [Fox13]
-> A House committee approved a bill from Rep. Angela Romero looking to make conversations between sexual assault victims and campus advocates confidential, which she says would increase formal reporting. However, critics say the legislation could have ramifications -- particularly in cases with an alleged serial rapist. [Trib] [DNews]
-> The Senate Health and Human Services Committee voted unanimously to cut an abortion restriction from a tele-health promotion bill and passed the amended legislation soon afterward. [Trib] [DNews]
-> The House voted to put an end to most "good landlord" programs in cities across the state. The programs provide financial incentives to landlords who agree not to rent to people with felony convictions. [Trib]
-> The House Law Enforcement and Criminal Justice Committee voted down a bill that would have allowed Utahns to carry concealed weapons without a permit with combined provisions for greater protections for victims of domestic violence. [Trib]
-> After failing in the House last year, the Spiral Jetty at the Great Salt Lake has another chance to become Utah's official "state work of art." Separately, a bill in the Senate seeks to declare Native American rock art as state "works of art." [Trib]
-> At a Garfield County commissioners meeting, some southern Utah residents spoke in opposition to a resolution that would ask Congress to cut the size of the Grand Staircase-Escalante National Monument. [DNews]
-> Critics of a bill that would lower the blood-alcohol limit for drivers from .08 to 0.5 say the legislation creates an unnecessary limit on personal freedoms. [Fox13]
-> A new bill filed on Tuesday would create a process to remove elected officials from office due to mental incapacity but would create "challenging and rigorous" hurdles to keep the law from being used as a political weapon. [DNews]
-> A bill that would criminalize livestock endangerment and harassment received unanimous favor in committee and now advances to the House floor for consideration. [DNews]
-> After an hour of debate, the House Economic Development and Workforce Services Committee voted to hold a bill that would raise the minimum wage in Utah to $10.25 and increase it annually to $15 in 2023. [DNews]
Nationally: Members of Donald Trump's campaign staff and other associates had repeated contact with senior Russian intelligence officials in the year before the election. [NYTimes] [TheHill] [CNN]
-> White House press secretary Sean Spicer says the president had known for more than two weeks about concerns that Flynn had not been truthfully forthcoming with the FBI — though Vice President Mike Pence was reportedly kept out of the loop. [BBC] [NYTimes] [CNN] [WaTimes]
-> In a letter to the White House, the Office of Governmental Ethics said that Kellyanne Conway, one of Trump's advisers, was in a "clear violation" of federal ethics rules and should be disciplined for her public endorsement of Ivanka Trump's product line. [Politico] [NYTimes] [WaPost] [CBSNews]
Where are they?
Rep. Jason Chaffetz speaks at a CATO event, chairs an Oversight Committee hearing on GAO high risk report and meets with Ute tribe members..
speaks at a CATO event, chairs an Oversight Committee hearing on GAO high risk report and meets with Ute tribe members.. Rep. Mia Love attends a Financial Services Committee meeting with Fed Chair Janet Yellen and later votes.
attends a Financial Services Committee meeting with Fed Chair Janet Yellen and later votes. Gov. Gary Herbert hosts a weekly discussion with minority leadership and visits McDonald's day on the Hill and aerospace day on the Hill. Later, he hosts an Economic Development Coordinating Council and a weekly meeting with majority leaders.
hosts a weekly discussion with minority leadership and visits McDonald's day on the Hill and aerospace day on the Hill. Later, he hosts an Economic Development Coordinating Council and a weekly meeting with majority leaders. Lt. Gov. Spencer Cox attends a weekly discussion with minority leadership and visits McDonald's day on the Hill and aerospace day on the Hill before joining the governor's Economic Development Coordinating Council and a weekly meeting with majority leaders.
attends a weekly discussion with minority leadership and visits McDonald's day on the Hill and aerospace day on the Hill before joining the governor's Economic Development Coordinating Council and a weekly meeting with majority leaders. State Auditor John Dougall meets with leadership from the Utah Transit Authority, various lawmakers and Kristen Cox, director of the Governor's Office of Management and Budget.
meets with leadership from the Utah Transit Authority, various lawmakers and Kristen Cox, director of the Governor's Office of Management and Budget. President Donald Trump participates in a listening session with the Retail Industry Leaders Association. Next, he greets Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and his wife, participates in a joint press conference and meets privately with the prime minister. In the afternoon, he and the prime minister participate in a bilateral meeting and have a working lunch. Later, he speaks with Argentinian President Mauricio Macri by telephone, participates in a legislative affairs strategy session and hosts Sen. Marco Rubio and his wife for dinner.
Got a tip? A birthday, wedding or anniversary to announce? Email us at cornflakes@sltrib.com. If you haven't already, sign up for our weekday email and get this sent directly to your inbox. [Trib]
-- Thomas Burr and Taylor Stevens
Twitter.com/thomaswburr and Twitter.com/tstevens95
Canada's highest court has handed down a verdict in connection with police searches of cell phones and a citizen's right to privacy.
The Supreme Court of Canada (SCC) case began with two different lower court cases in Canada, but is related to both in regard to text messages sent between individuals arrested in police investigations.
Stephen Coughlan (LLB PhD) is a professor at the Schulich School of Law at Dalhousie University in Halifax, Nova Scotia.
Professor Stephen Coughlan,(LLB, PhD) Shulich School of Law, Dalhousie University, Nova Scotia © supplied
The case specifically involved the issue of text messages between people.
In one case the police had searched the phones for incriminating text messages and in the other, the cellphone provider(Telus) for the text information.
For some time it has been clear there's a degree of privacy protected in a text message on the senders phone. However, the issue involved the idea of control and that once a text message has been sent, it is out of the control of the sender, and therefore the police and government (Crown) argument was, it was no longer “private” and so can be obtained.
The complainants said texts whether sent or received are private and evidence from phones or from phone service provider should be considered as such.
The argument was that there is a degree of privacy people should expect in such communication on both ends of a conversation and that searches of phones violated the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms term of freedom from “unreasonable search”.
The Supreme Court of Canada has ruled Ontario man Nour Marakah had a reasonable expectation of privacy in the text messages sent to his accomplice in a handgun trafficking case. © Jacy Schindel/CBC
The two provincial court cases, one in Ontario, one in British Columbia, were similar in nature. In one case, the provincial appeals court had sided with the police, and in the other the court had sided with the plaintiff.
This led to an appeal to the highest court.
In its ruling, the SCC determined that yes, citizens have a right to a “reasonable expectation of privacy” in text messages both in the sending and the receiving. The court ruled that police can not have unfettered access to text messages once sent and must get court authorization for a search as they would in asking to search a residence for example.
Many experts and stakeholders were watching the decision as it had the potential for huge implications, had the court sided with police that they could search devices whenever they want it would drastically change privacy laws by allowing the state virtually free access to any text message once it had been sent.
The Supreme Court ruling means even after a text message is sent and *out of the control* of the sender, it is still subject to a reasonable degree of privacy and that messages can't by accessed by police or the state from cellphones or providers without court approved justification. © via CBC
As professor Coughlan points out Canadian laws related to investigations and searches tend to deal with physical searches and predate the arrival of new technology, which the courts are trying to cope with and catch up.
He says the SCC ruling last week clarifies a particular aspect of new technology communication, that of text messages. The new ruling says that such text communication is private to the extent that police cannot search devices for text conversation merely on their own initiative. It does not mean that police cannot search devices or providers for text conversations, rather that they must provide justification and receive court authority to do so.
Professor Coughlan also points out this ruling does not extend to other situations such as postings on electronic bulletin boards or others.
Additional information
SCC- R v Marakah
SCC – R v Jones
CBC:K Harris: Dec 8/17: some texts private even after sending
Canadian Press (via Star): J Bronskill: Dec 9/17: some texts private after sending
Post Media: C Blatchford: Dec 8/17: dissenting judge opinion
BRISBANE, Australia — Jeff Horn's reward for a successful first title defence since a contentious win over Manny Pacquiao could be a potential bout with Terence Crawford.
A failure could send him back into boxing obscurity.
Horn wants to use his WBO welterweight title defence against Gary Corcoran on Wednesday to dispel any notion that he got a hometown decision against Pacquiao in Brisbane last July. If he gets his way, it could set him up for a big 2018.
Top Rank promoter Bob Arum attended Tuesday's weigh-in and said a win here "will lead to massive fights coming next year."
"I think Pacquiao is going to return to the ring. Terence Crawford will be the mandatory for this fight. The biggest building in Las Vegas is on hold for this fight," Arum said. "Going to have a tremendous year in the welterweight division and these two participants ... will be giving it their all to see who will go ahead as part of these major programs that will take place next year."
Horn, now unbeaten in 18 bouts, knows what it's like to be given no chance of beating the champion, so he is trying to think only about Corcoran at the Brisbane Convention Centre. That's not far from where he beat Pacquiao in front of more than 51,000 fans in an outdoor bout at a regular rugby venue.
"I've got until after this fight to start having discussions," he said. "He's definitely a possibility if I can manage to get through Gary first."
The Australian former schoolteacher was written off before taking on Pacquiao (59-7-2), but pressured the eight-division champion for 12 rounds in an upset that changed the trajectory of his career.
Pacquiao's camp disputed the unanimous decision, which was widely panned by critics but later confirmed after further scrutiny by the World Boxing Organization. Pacquiao had a rematch clause for the Horn fight, but so far hasn't committed to a date or venue.
Corcoran is 17-1 since turning pro in 2011 and is ranked 10th by the WBO. He is the underdog and is fighting outside of Britain and Ireland for the first time for his first world title.
Historian and best-selling author Patrick K. O'Donnell joined Breitbart News Daily on May 28 to discuss his new book chronicling the creation of the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier at Arlington Cemetery during World War One.
O'Donnell's book, The Unknowns: The Untold Story of America's Unknown Soldier and WWI's Most Decorated Heroes Who Brought Him Home, follows how U.S. commanding General John “Blackjack” Pershing selected eight of America's most decorated, battle-hardened veterans to serve as casket bearers to accompany the remains of an unknown soldier back to America and its final resting place in Arlington Cemetery.
The bearers appropriately spanned America's service branches and specialties, O'Donnell told Breitbart News Daily.
The soldiers tasked with ushering the unknown soldier from the killing fields of Europe back to the U.S. included “a cowboy who relived the charge of the light brigade, an American Indian who heroically breached mountains of German barbed wire, a salty New Englander who dueled a U-boat for hours in a fierce gunfight, a tough New Yorker who sacrificed his body to save his ship, and an indomitable gunner who, though blinded by gas, nonetheless overcame five machine-gun nests.”
O'Donnell called World War One the most significant event in the 20th century.
“It changes the world in so many ways,” O'Donnell told Breitbart News Daily. “For one, it changes the world from the old world, the order of monarchies, etc., to the modern world. That's a major, major change.”
“The world is redrawn in most cases,” O'Donnell continued. “The empires of the old world are remade. The Middle East, for instance, the former Ottoman Empire is carved up into the modern, the artificial countries that we know today such as Iraq and Syria.”
World War One is also “the rise of big government, it's women's suffrage changes comes about after World War One, there's international finance — there are so many things that occur from that event, that flow from that event and that are continuing to impact our lives today.”
“It's also the beginning of the American century,” he concluded, “and the rise of America as a major power.”
Breitbart News Daily airs weekdays from 6:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. Eastern on SiriusXM Patriot 125. Hosted by Breitbart News editors and reporters, Breitbart News Daily features interviews with major newsmakers and listener phone calls. Breitbart News correspondents throughout the country and around the world report on breaking stories and events of the day.
Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston.
International Olympic Committee (IOC) President Thomas Bach called for "quick and effective" action against corruption following a key meeting in Lausanne.
The International Partnership Against Corruption in Sport (IPACS), a group made up of the IOC and other sporting organisations, met in the Swiss city to discuss their recent efforts in tackling corruption.
The meeting was held following the creation of three task forces in December 2017, the first to try and reduce the risk of corruption in procurement, the second to ensure integrity in the selection of major sporting events and the third to "optimise the processes of compliance".
Task force one announced that since being set up seven months ago, they have found transparency had "diminished" at sporting events where infrastructure development was needed.
They also stated that there has been "a general lack" of risk management strategies in the past, aimed at tackling corruption and fraud.
Task force two has found a number of elements which "may cause potential, perceived or actual conflicts of interest in the selection of major sports events".
This includes stakeholder representation, loyalty issues, networks of influence and competing economical, financial and institutional interests.
The task force have said they will now look to identify the best ways to address these conflicts.
Task force three is still in the process of developing good governance indicators in the three areas of term limits, financial transparency and the management of conflicts of interest.
They hope to provide a common benchmark, recognised by both public authorities and sports organisations, which can be used when adopting charters or as evaluation tools.
Bach spoke at the meeting, saying the challenge is to "act quickly and effectively" when corruption occurs.
Rio 2016 Organising Committee chief and former IOC member Carlos Nuzman was charged with offences including corruption in October 2017 ©Getty Images
"Sport, like all other areas of society, cannot be immune from corruption," the German said.
"Our challenge is to act quickly and effectively when it occurs.
"This is crucial to protecting our integrity and therefore our credibility.
"The huge value of IPACS is that it brings together key partners from international sport, Government and inter-Governmental organisations.
"They can work together in an effective and pragmatic way that avoids creating unnecessary bureaucracy."
Ronan O'Laoire, crime prevention and criminal justice officer at the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime, was also at the meeting.
He described the value of IPACS as a body which can "significantly help Governments and sports organisations to implement this important resolution and maximise the impact of joint efforts that tackle corruption in sport".
A progress report on IPACS' work will next be given during the Olympism in Action Forum, which will take place on October 5 and 6 in Buenos Aires in Argentina.
IPACS' next working group meeting is due to take place in December 2018.
The task forces were originally set up following a year plagued by corruption allegations surrounding sporting bodies including the IOC.
In October 2017, Rio 2016 Organising Committee chief and former IOC member Carlos Nuzman was charged with corruption, tax evasion, money laundering and running a criminal organisation in connection to the successful bid in 2009 for the Olympic and Paralympic Games.
DETROIT – Warmer temperatures of spring and summer are just now arriving, and some unpopular guests – mosquitoes – are certain to appear shortly. According to a new report, Detroit ranks sixth among the cities across the nation most bothered by mosquitoes ruining time outdoors.
Atlanta is the worst city for mosquitoes, according to the report by TruGreen. Chicago, Dallas/Fort Worth, Boston and Trenton, New Jersey, round out the top five, according to the lawn care service provider.
The company compiled its rankings based customer sales data from january 2017 to December 2017. Mosquito season can last from five to seven months, according to TruGreen. See the full report here.
President Nicos Anastasiades said on Sunday that the completion of redevelopment projects in Paphos was an example of good management, both of public funds and the objectives set.
Anastasiades inaugurated five urban regeneration projects in Paphos on Sunday.
Addressing the celebrations held at Kennedy Square, he said that the five projects, along with others that are underway and those that have been scheduled for the near future, “completely change and reshape the image of the city”.
The projects include the upgrading of the old town centre and Kennedy Square, the connection and upgrading of October 28, Dionysios Solomos and Kosti Palama squares, the re-design of sites in Mouttallos as well as the upgrading of Governor's Square and its buildings including the District Administration. There was also improvement work on a section of Evagoras Pallikaridis Avenue and Andreas Tselelepou Streets.
“Today, every Paphian can feel proud for his or her city,” Anastasiades said.
He was satisfied with the results. “A revamped city, especially as no one predicted that with the economic crisis our country faced, it would have been possible to make reality the vision of thousands of Paphians and Cypriots to see their city reborn,” he said.
Following consultations with the Paphos municipality that begun in 2015, the president said, the government had announced 15 projects, which, with the exception of one, have either been completed or are expected to be completed by the beginning of next year.
The example of Paphos municipality's projects, Anastasiades said, “particularly in a period of regrouping and rehabilitation of the authority of local government, is the strongest evidence that, through the cooperation of central and local authorities, the wider public sector can contribute creatively and effectively to the goal of sustainable development”.
The Paphos municipality's good governance, planning, and strict adherence to the objectives set, was an example of good management both of public funds and objectives, said Anastasiades who lavishly praised the mayor Phedonas Phedonos.
Without the commitment of the Paphos mayor and municipal council and their insistence on sticking to timeframes, he said, “we would never make it this far”.
Phedonos, said that the chief responsibility of a local authority was to create multidimensional conditions of prosperity and progress so that economic growth can co-exist with cultural growth.
The achievement of the past three years, Phedonos said, has forced changes in the areas that affect the growth and prosperity of the city. “We cannot continue to follow for thirty years the same economic model with tourism and land development as the main axes, but we need a new model that, among other things, will create sectors in relation to new technologies and innovation, utilising the scientific potential of our city and of our country,” Phedonos said.
Three of the projects were funded by the European Union. Costas Iacovou, Director of European Structural and Investment Funds of the Directorate-General for European Coordination and Development Programmes, said that the reliability of the Paphos municipality, was acknowledged and this was why the government decided to increase the amount of European funds from the initial allocation of €15m to €28m.
“We believe that the Paphos projects are a good practice example of the use of European funds,” Iacovou said.
Five members of the European Parliament, in charge EU's cohesion policy, recently visited Paphos to see how the European funds were used and were impressed. ”They were impressed because they saw proof that Cyprus is making good use of the money it receives,” said Iacovou.
Our musical geniuses here have put together a perfect playlist for you, your fam, and your friends!
This playlist features Ella Mai, Ariana Grande, Bruno Mars, Maroon 5, Taylor Swift, Post Malone, Drake, Cardi B, Khalid, Shawn Mendes, and more!
Set your July 4th cookout off right. Stream the Red, White, & "Boo'd Up" playlist here!
Get weekly updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
More than 150 homes have been affected by a power cut.
Electricity North West (ENW) said around 160 homes in the Hurst Lane area of Bollington were left without electricity following the incident at around 3pm on Wednesday, May 30.
A spokesperson said staff had attended the site and aimed to restore power by 5pm.
ENW posted on Twitter: “#SK10 #Macclesfield - Damage to our equipment has left 164 properties off supply. Engineers are on site now and will restore all supplies as soon as possible. Updates to follow as/when they become available.”
[India], May 31 (ANI): The opposition party backed Rashtriya Lok Dal (RLD) candidate Tabassum Hasan is leading from the politically-crucial Kairana Lok Sabha constituency in Uttar Pradesh.
At the time of filing the report, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), who held the seat earlier, was in the second position and trailing by over 19900 votes.
The Kairana seat fell vacant in February 2018 after the death of BJP leader Hukum Singh, following which the party fielded his daughter Mriganka Singh from this seat.
Elated with her initial leads, the Hasan said the result of the by-polls cleared the path for the united opposition in 2019.
"This is the victory of truth. I still stand by what I said, there has been a conspiracy and we do not want any future elections to be conducted on Electronic Voting Machines (EVM). The path for the united opposition is clear in 2019," Hasan said.
The BJP left the Shiv Sena candidate behind by 17417 votes from Maharashtra's Palghar Lok Sabha seat in the seventh round of counting.
Reacting to the initial trends, Shiv Sena spokesperson Sanjay Raut alleged that the Electronic Voting Machines (EVMs) used the by-polls were faulty.
"Many EVMs were faulty, names of about 50-60,00 people were missing from the voter list. Also, within 12 hours of voting ends, the Election Commission changed vote percentage. So all this is very doubtful," Raut said.
In the Bhandara-Gondiya Lok Sabha constituency of Maharashtra, the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) is ahead of the BJP by 3100 votes.
Meanwhile, in the Nagaland Lok Sabha constituency, the Nationalist Democratic Progressive Party (NDPP), who won this seat during the state assembly polls, has left the Naga People's Front (NPF) behind, as per the current trend.
The NDPP is ahead of 34, 669 votes in the lone Lok Sabha constituency of Nagaland.
Assembly Constituencies:
In the assembly by-polls held in 10 constituencies of nine states, Samajwadi Party has won the Uttar Pradesh's Noorpur Assembly constituency with the clear margin of 6211 votes.
While the Congress' Miani D Shira has secured the Meghalaya's Ampati Assembly constituency.
In the two assembly constituency of Jharkhand where the by-polls were held, the BJP and the Jharkhand Mukti Morcha (JMM) has secured one each.
The BJP is leading from Gomia by 7174 votes, while JMM's Seema Devi is ahead by 296 votes from Silli.
In the neighbouring Bihar state, the Rashtriya Janata Dal (RJD) is ahead with 16299 votes from Jokihat assembly seat, which was earlier under Janata Dal (United) (JD-U).
The ruling Trinamool Congress (TMC) is back in the position to win the seat leaving the BJP behind.
TMC's Dulal Chandra Das is leading by over 32,000 votes from Maheshtala assembly constituency, as per the latest trends.
The BJP has managed to gain its seat back in the Tharali assembly constituency in the Hilly state of Uttarakhand.
The party is moving ahead with 1092 votes, followed by the Congress party.
In the southern state of Kerala, the Communist Party of India (Marxist) is leading by 9359 votes from Chengannur assembly seat, which seat fell vacant after the death of the party sitting in January. (ANI)
Claiming that the risk of death from eating too many french fries is double that of those who do not frequent the yummy, salty, greasy snack, the new study indicates that potato lovers should prepare their favorite tuber another way, perhaps by (yawn) steaming or boiling.
Research published in the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition reveals that people who regularly eat the delicious treat twice or more in a week — as opposed to those who do not eat french fries at all — have twice the chance of suffering death by heart attack due to a circulatory system overloaded with cholesterol and other toxins.
As reported by International Business Times, the study showed that the average person in the US eats some 31 pounds of french fries annually.
The study included 4,440 participants between the ages of 45 and 79, who were examined over a period of eight years; 236 of those participants died. The research indicated that those who died were the ones who ate the most fried potatoes, and not just french fries either, as any form of potato seared in boiling hot oil — including hash browns and tater tots — was found to be a potential culprit for early mortality.
"The frequent consumption of fried potatoes appears to be associated with an increased mortality risk. Additional studies in larger sample sizes should be performed to confirm if overall potato consumption is associated with higher mortality risk," the study said, Ibtimes.com reports.
As if that warning were not enough, another frightening fact about french fries — and any food fried in golden bubbling boiling oil — is that the frying process itself forms a new and deadly chemical within your meal, according to the research.
Acrylamide forms in starchy foods fried at high temperatures, and is termed a carcinogen by US government health agencies. The dangerous chemical compound has been shown to cause tumors in adrenal glands, the thyroid and the lungs.
(Reuters) - U.S. short-term interest rate futures pared earlier gains on Wednesday after the Federal Reserve delivered a widely expected policy rate hike and provided details on its plan to trim its massive balance sheet.
Chicago Mercantile Exchange Fed funds futures traders had earlier stepped up bets against a third 2017 rate hike after a report showed weaker than expected inflation last month.
Just after the Fed's rate-hike decision at 2 p.m, (1800 GMT), they trimmed those bets slightly, but not enough to suggest they have shifted their view that a third rate hike this year is unlikely.
Traders now see June next year as the earliest meeting at which the U.S. central bank will next lift its target for overnight borrowing costs, based on fed funds futures traded at CME Group as analysed by Reuters. (Reporting by Ann Saphir)
Image Courtesy: ICC
The final of the ICC Under-19 cricket World Cup was halted for a short while by rain as India began their chase of a 217-run target at the Bay Oval ground in Mount Maunganui here on Saturday.
Live Scores - IND U19 v AUS U19 | Live Blog | U19 World Cup - Complete Schedule & Latest Results | Full Coverage
Three-time champions India were on 23 for no loss with skipper Prithvi Shaw on 10 and Manjot Kalra on 9, before the interruption.
Earlier, India's bowlers bundle out Australia for 216 in 47.2 overs.
All-rounder Jonathan Merlo was the highest scorer for Australia with 76.
Ishan Porel, Kamlesh Nagarkoti, Shiva Singh and Anukul Roy chipped in with two wickets apiece while, Shivam Mavi claimed one.
(MENAFN - Muscat Daily) Muscat- Changing perceptions of women in leadership roles, acquiring and retaining local female talent, and overcoming practical challenges in terms of logistics and infrastructure are the key issues that employers in the GCC face. This was stated in the report released last week in Muscat by The Pearl Initiative, a forerunner of women's empowerment in the Gulf.
Prepared in collaboration with the Sharjah Business Women's Council (SBWC), the report is titled, 'Women's Careers in the GCC - Four Good Practice Case Studies' - and focuses on various aspects of diversity in workplaces.
This has been done through surveys of four of the region's leading companies - General Electric (GE), Olayan Group, Pepsico and Petroleum Development Oman (PDO) - each a leader in their domain. According to the report, Omani women occupy 30 per cent of PDO's senior management roles. Participating companies shared best practices that ensure inclusion and diversity in workplaces while discussing the strategies they devised to acquire and retain top female talent, thereby achieving stronger governance.
The results suggest that an integrated approach involving schools and universities, aggressive awareness drives at multiple levels, implementing supportive infrastructure and work environment, family engagement as well as women-specific policies and programmes are the most effective ways to address the challenges of female employment.
Developing more role models from the region, creating women-centric opportunities, investing in segregated offices and other useful servicesat the workplace, and organising transportation to and from work are a few of the strategies companies can adopt to create an enabling work environment. In the recent years, Oman has recorded increasing female enrolment in higher education - a promising sign towards further inclusion in workplaces.
According to the Oman Education Council's Higher Education Report, 45,029 female students were enrolled in private colleges and universities, compared to 23,723 males during the 2014-15 academic year. Raoul Restucci, managing director, PDO said, 'PDO fully supports this excellent endeavour and congratulates all involved for their invaluable contribution to this cause and raising of awareness, challenges and opportunities across the region. 'Oman is already seen as a pioneer in female empowerment in the Middle East and this is very much underpinned by the unwavering support and wise leadership of His Majesty Sultan Qaboos bin Said.
'During his first speech when he ascended to power in 1970, His Majesty the Sultan stressed his 'interest in the importance of the role of women in society, and in supporting the economy.' Since then, women have increasingly and impressively contributed to the country politically, economically and socially.
'PDO is determined to do all we can to advance the cause of women in the workplace both within our own boundaries and beyond as a pre-requisite and fundamental enabler for delivering and sustaining high performance, greater equity, respect and collaboration.'
MENAFN1402201701410000ID1095248634
NEWPORT NEWS, Va. — How hot is it outside? Apparently, hot enough for a Newport News man to bake a dozen cookies on his car's dashboard.
Joseph B. B. Quinn is going viral after he posted photos on Facebook showing a baking pan, a baking sheet, and a dozen chocolate chip cookies on his dashboard.
Quinn, who recently moved from Connecticut, says it was around 92 or 93 degrees outside and blistering 105 degrees inside his car.
After leaving the cookies in direct sunlight for two hours, he had a dozen chocolate chip cookies.
“I baked cookies in my car today. Yes, they're tasty. Yes, my car smells like fresh cookies. Yes, it's very nice,” he posted.
“If there was a line that defined if a cookie was done or not, these were just above it. It was hot, but not hot enough to bring them to that preferred golden brown,” Quinn told Fox 10 Phoenix.
The Facebook post has been shared more than 54,000 times and counting.
KNOXVILLE (WATE) – A Broadway actress took time from her busy schedule Tuesday to speak to some theater students at her alma mater – Bearden High School in Knoxville.
Stephanie Benn is touring with the show “Chicago.” She graduated from Bearden in 2000 and wen ton to earn a bachelor's degree in theater and dance from the University of Tennessee.
She was heavily involved in the theater program and Bearden and came back to share her knowledge and experiences with current students.
“It was very important to me today to make sure they know [to] trust your gifts, how you've developed them, trust what you bring to them, and know that the right door, when it's time, will open up for you,” she said.
“She is willing to help anyone on their journey. She is an outstanding artist, but also has an outstanding heart that goes along with that,” said teacher Leann Dickson.
Benn will be performing in “Chicago” this Saturday and Sunday at the Tennessee Theatre.
Expanding the availability of medication treatment for opioid use disorder in primary care settings would be a major step toward reducing overdose deaths, write two physicians specializing in addiction medicine and health care delivery in the July 5 issue of New England Journal of Medicine. In their Perspectives article entitled "Primary Care and the Opioid-Overdose Crisis - Buprenorphine Myths and Realities," Sarah Wakeman, MD, medical director of the Massachusetts General Hospital Substance Use Disorders Initiative and Michael Barnett, MD, of the Department of Health Policy and Management, Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health, describe current barriers to expanded delivery of buprenorphine treatment and outline possible solutions.
"One of the tragic ironies is that with well-established medical treatment, opioid use disorder can have an excellent prognosis," they write, noting that almost 80 percent of Americans with opioid use disorder are unable to receive treatment and that the growth in distribution of buprenorphine - one of three FDA-approved medications for the treatment of opioid use disorder - has been slowing rather than increasing in recent years. "To have any hope of stemming the overdose tide, we have to make it easier to obtain buprenorphine than to get heroin and fentanyl."
The authors describe 5 persistent but inaccurate myths that they believe prevent buprenorphine from being more widely adopted:
That is more dangerous that other common health care interventions,
That buprenorphine treatment is just replacing one addition for another,
That abstinence-based treatment - short-term detoxification and rehabilitation - is more effective than medication-based treatment,
That providing buprenorphine treatment is particularly onerous and time consuming for primary care physicians (PCPs),
That physicians should just reduce opioid prescriptions to address the overdose epidemic
Most outpatient buprenorphine treatment is already provided by PCPs, and expanding the availability of office-based buprenorphine treatment, as several other countries have done, presents a realistic solution to addressing the overdose crisis, the authors note. They write, "We are in the midst of a historic public health crisis that demands action from every physician. Without dramatic intervention, life expectancy in the United States will continue to decline. Mobilizing the PCP workforce to offer office-based buprenorphine treatment is a plausible, practical, and scalable intervention that could be implemented immediately."
Wakeman is an assistant professor of Medicine at Harvard Medical School (HMS) and a physician at Massachusetts General Hospital; Barnett is an assistant professor of Health Policy and Management at the Harvard Chan School, an instructor in Medicine at HMS and a Brigham and Women's Hospital physician. Their article is one of three addressing improvements in medication treatment for opioid use disorder in the same NEJM issue.
###
Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health brings together dedicated experts from many disciplines to educate new generations of global health leaders and produce powerful ideas that improve the lives and health of people everywhere. As a community of leading scientists, educators, and students, we work together to take innovative ideas from the laboratory to people's lives--not only making scientific breakthroughs, but also working to change individual behaviors, public policies, and health care practices. Each year, more than 400 faculty members at Harvard Chan School teach 1,000-plus full-time students from around the world and train thousands more through online and executive education courses. Founded in 1913 as the Harvard-MIT School of Health Officers, the School is recognized as America's oldest professional training program in public health.
Massachusetts General Hospital, founded in 1811, is the original and largest teaching hospital of Harvard Medical School. The MGH Research Institute conducts the largest hospital-based research program in the nation, with an annual research budget of more than $900 million and major research centers in HIV/AIDS, cardiovascular research, cancer, computational and integrative biology, cutaneous biology, genomic medicine, medical imaging, neurodegenerative disorders, regenerative medicine, reproductive biology, systems biology, photomedicine and transplantation biology. The MGH topped the 2015 Nature Index list of health care organizations publishing in leading scientific journals and earned the prestigious 2015 Foster G. McGaw Prize for Excellence in Community Service. In August 2017 the MGH was once again named to the Honor Roll in the U.S. News & World Report list of "America's Best Hospitals."
AMSTERDAM, April 20 A Dutch court said on Thursday it had ordered prosecutors to open a criminal investigation into responsibility for earthquakes triggered by gas production at the country's large gas field in Groningen.
The Leeuwaarden-Arnhem Appeals Court directed prosecutors to open an investigation, saying they had not looked carefully enough at whether a crime could be proved. Prosecutors had previously declined to act, arguing it was a civil matter.
NAM, a joint venture between Shell and Exxon that operates production at Groningen, has accepted responsibility for damage caused to buildings and structures across the region by the relatively small quakes. (Reporting by Toby Sterling, editing by David Evans)
Residents of a southwest Topeka apartment building were forced to evacuate Tuesday afternoon after a fire started in the kitchen of a second-floor unit.
According to a release, the Topeka Fire Department was called to The Pines Apartments, 238 SW Gage Blvd. Crews attacked the blaze and were able to keep it contained to the apartment. Other units in the building sustained varying degrees of smoke and water damage.
People at the scene told firefighters that everyone was able to escape the building without injury. Crews searched the building twice and confirmed that the occupants had self-evacuated.
Investigators determined the fire was accidental and was most likely caused by inattentive cooking.
The blaze caused an estimated $55,000 in damages and destroyed contents.
undercurrents theatre festival
produced by Ottawa Fringe
When: Feb. 7-17
Where: Arts Court, 2 Daly Ave.
Tickets: Prices range from pay-what-you-can to $25, depending on the show. Box office opens an hour before showtime.
Passes: Evening passes $32, full-festival passes $75
More information: undercurrentsfestival.ca
The eighth annual undercurrents festival of original, contemporary theatre starts at 8 p.m. Wednesday with a performance of The Pipeline Project, followed by the opening night party. Panel discussions, talkback sessions and New Play Tuesday are also part of the events. Here are the shows selected for this year's program:
Related
The Pipeline Project
A Savage Society and ITSAZOO Production, in association with Neworld Theatre. Created and performed by Sebastien Archibald, Kevin Loring and Quelemia Sparrow, directed by Chelsea Haberlin
Synopsis: Peak oil, First Nations land claims and climate change are all explored in this provocative yet comedic take on Canada's oil industry.
Forster & Fillister Present: Forster & Fillister In: Forster & Fillister
An F & F Theatre Production. Created by David Benedict Brown, Will Somers and Madeleine Boyes-Manseau, performed by David Benedict Brown and Will Somers, directed by Madeleine Boyes-Manseau
Synopsis: Two brothers will teach you how to build a dining room table in one hour or less, if they can agree on how to proceed. (world premiere)
Little Boxes
A Little Boxes Collective Production. Created by Gabrielle Lazarovitz and Brad Long, performed by Gabrielle Lazarovitz and Carter Hayden, directed by Adam Paolozza
Synopsis: A pair of highly educated, underemployed suburbanites are faced with a moral dilemma, and watch their lives flash before their eyes. (world premiere)
How To Disappear Completely
The Chop production. Created by Itai Erdal, James Long, Anita Rochon and Emelia Symington Fedy, performed by Itai Erdal, directed by James Long
Synopsis: Follow lighting designer Itai Erdal after he learns his mother was diagnosed with terminal lung cancer.
Indigenous Walks
Created by Jaime Morse (formerly Koebel), guided by Jaime Morse and Jennifer David
Synopsis: Back by popular demand, a guided walk through downtown Ottawa that showcases local landmarks through an Indigenous lens.
Snack Music
A SNAFU and Snack Music Collective Production. Created by Ginette Mohr, Elliott Loran, Andrew G. Young and Ingrid Hansen, performed by Elliott Loran, Andrew G. Young and Ingrid Hansen, directed by Ginette Mohr
Synopsis: One audience member comes to the stage to tell a short story from their own life, recreated with puppets made of kitchen tools, fresh fruits and vegetables.
The Shit Show
An Emergence Production, work-in-progress. Created and performed by Luna Allison
Synopsis: Exploring the cultural load of the defacation process, from toilet humour to sewage treatment.
Daughter
A Quiptake and Pandemic Theatre Co-production, co-presented by NAC English Theatre. Created by Adam Lazarus, Ann-Marie Kerr, Jiv Parasram and Melissa D'Agostino, performed by Adam Lazarus, directed by Ann-Marie Kerr
Synopsis: A darkly satirical piece about a father, raised in patriarchy, confronting his new identity as a patriarch. Takes place at the NAC's Fourth Stage.
Clemson coach Brad Brownell discusses recruiting class Clemson basketball coach Brad Brownell breaks down the three players the Tigers signed for the class of 2018. Matt Connolly ×
crossOrigin="anonymous" SHARE COPY LINK Clemson basketball coach Brad Brownell breaks down the three players the Tigers signed for the class of 2018. Matt Connolly
Romania's president asks ruling coalition to solve internal crisis
BUCHAREST, June 15 Romanian President Klaus Iohannis on Thursday called on politicians to solve the country's political crisis and will only appoint a new prime minister if the incumbent resigns or loses a non-confidence vote in parliament, his spokeswoman said on Thursday.
By DAN GREENSPAN, Associated Press
CARSON, Calif. (AP) — Seattle Seahawks defensive end Michael Bennett said Sunday he will sit during the national anthem this season to protest social injustice and segregation.
Bennett sat on the visiting bench during “The Star-Spangled Banner” before the Seahawks' preseason opener against the Los Angeles Rams, a decision he made prior to protests by white supremacists at the University of Virginia over the weekend. But what happened in Charlottesville, Virginia, including the death of a young woman when she was struck by a car deliberately driven into a group of counter-protesters on Saturday, solidified Bennett's decision.
“With everything that's been going on the last couple of months and especially after the last couple of days, seeing everything in Virginia, seeing what's going on out there earlier today in Seattle, I just wanted to be able to use my platform to be able to continue to speak over injustice,” Bennett said.
“First of all, I want people to understand I love the military. My father was in the military. I love hot dogs like any other American. I love football like any other American, but I don't love segregation. I don't love riots. I don't love oppression. I don't love to gender slander. I just want to see people have the equality that they deserve, and I want to be able to use this platform to continuously push the message of that, you know, and keep journeying out and keep finding out how unselfish can we be as a society.”
Bennett was at least the third prominent NFL player to protest during the anthem in the first full week of preseason games. Oakland Raiders running back Marshawn Lynch, a former teammate of Bennett's in Seattle, also sat during the anthem. Los Angeles Rams defensive end Robert Quinn raised his right fist, continuing his approach from last season following then-San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick's decision to kneel during the anthem.
Kaepernick is a free agent, and the controversy over his decision to protest the anthem and the form he used has not quelled, even as he remains unsigned.
Bennett said he is willing to deal with similar fallout.
“Of course I'm going to face backlash,” Bennett said. “This is bigger than me. This is bigger than football. This is bigger than anything that we have. This is about people. This is about bringing opportunities to people, giving people equality. This is bigger than a sport.”
Bennett said he had spoken to several other NFL players about possible protests, but had not talked with Lynch yet. While he acknowledged the possibility of more widespread and formally organized protests happening later, Bennett wanted to express himself.
“I think everybody has a time where they feel like they need to be who they are and stand up for what they believe in,” Bennett said.
Seahawks coach Pete Carroll did not have a response to Bennett's actions, saying he only became aware of it after the game.
Bennett said the aim of his protest is to make people uncomfortable. In the process, he hopes to spur greater communication, understanding and involvement across racial, gender and socio-economic lines.
“Everyone is in their comfort zone right now,” Bennett said. “Get out there and become uncomfortable. Go out there and see what it's like out there in society right now.”
(Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
× MoviePass is running out of money and needs to raise $1.2 billion
The owners of MoviePass need another $1.2 billion.
Helios and Matheson, parent company of the popular movie subscription service, told regulators Monday that it wants to sell that much in stock and debt securities.
MoviePass exploded in popularity because of its low price. For just $10 a month, about the cost of a single movie ticket in most places, MoviePass subscribers can see one movie a day.
But the company loses money when its customers use a pass, because it must pay theaters for the tickets.
Previous SEC filings revealed that the company was burning through an average of $21.7 million every month operating MoviePass. In May it blew through $40 million.
Related: Is the end near for MoviePass?
Last month, Helios and Matheson said in another SEC document that it had only $18.5 million in cash on hand, plus $30.3 million in accounts receivable. It expected its June cash deficit would reach $45 million.
The service recently passed 3 million subscribers, and is trying to draw in more than part of the plan to stay afloat. Executives want to reach 5 million members by the end of the year, a number they say should help make the business profitable.
A spokeswoman for Helios and Matheson said CEO Ted Farnsworth was unable to comment on the regulatory filing because of a “registration statement quiet period.”
Shares of Helios and Matheson were trading as low as 22 cents Monday.
Related: AMC Theatres' $20 monthly subscription plan rivals MoviePass
MoviePass is also trying to expand beyond its subscriber base. It is investing in movies, including the John Travolta mobster flick “Gotti,” which debuted last month to poor reviews and a quiet box office performance.
The company also has to contend with new competition. AMC Theaters recently revealed a $20-a-month movie ticket service plan.
MOUWASAT holds an Extraordinary General meeting on May 24, 2017 (TASI) Date: 16 Apr 2017 Mouwasat Medical Services Company holds an Extraordinary General meeting on May 24, 2017. Shareholders shall discuss amending the Company Statute to conform to the new Corporate Law.
Once a civilization comes to the point where the majority no longer believe they are moral, just, and good-natured, it is not long before they are finished.
As we prepare to celebrate the independence and formation of our country this year on the 4th of July it is very important to myself and others who have fought for it to remind others of how blessed and fortunate we are to be Americans.
I am very sensitive to this holiday and its foundational relevance. The barbecues, fireworks, and pool parties with friends are to be enjoyed and anticipated. We must not however forget why we are all here in the first place, who made it possible, and why we have so many people who undergo the journey to get a taste of the freedom that emanates from our shores.
I often like to ask myself and others what our founding fathers would say and think if they were here today to grade our progress and growth. Would they be proud, or disappointed? Would they agree with our course, our new policies both foreign and domestic? Would they remind us of the battles fought, the fear they felt when gathering together in that hot and stuffy room in Pennsylvania to commit the treasonous act of assembly to discuss succession, independence, and defiance? Would they remind us of their intentions and why they framed this country under God with the Bill of Rights and the Constitution?
Often critics hear someone like myself with so much love and patriotism for this country and conclude that I must have blinders on to miss the failures, mistakes, and even harm within this country and its dealings around the globe. To those critics I simply reply, “Not quite!”
I am well aware of many of the things we wish we could take back or do over. This country is far from perfect. It never has been and it never will be. Show me a country that is.
To those critics of this country and my love for it, I challenge you to display an equivalent who has done more to exemplify and promote individual freedom, liberty, and human rights around the world. Show me a country that has created, invented, and showcased more advances in technology, industry, health care, and economy combined than the United States of America. Better yet, show me a country that the world looks to more for leadership, aid, and protection in war torn and impoverished regions.
As I look forward to this 4th of July, I can't help but look in the rear view to the day I joined the United States Navy. It was barely a week after the attacks on 9/11. I was angry, I was hurt, I was filled with a sense of duty to make sure that kind of cowardly attack never devastated our country and its citizens again. This country, our freedoms, and our liberties were not free or guaranteed on the first 4th of July and they are most certainly not free or guaranteed today.
So go out and enjoy the parties, fireworks, and time off from work. Just don't forget the bigger picture. How lucky you are to be here. Who established the framework you now comfortably live beneath. Most importantly, you must never take it for granted or get complacent that these celebrations and milestones are forgone conclusions. Finally, be proactive and ask yourself what you can do to make sure that future generations enjoy the 4th and the joy of freedom that still permeates from sea to shining sea.
Eli Crane is the founder and CEO of Bottle Breacher, and former Navy SEAL. He is a Christian, husband and father, keynote speaker, a contributor to Entrepreneur.com, and a member of the Advisory Committee Veterans Business Affairs (ACVBA) in Washington, DC.
After spending nearly three decades in listeners' living rooms, cars and kitchens, Wendy Daniels is, for the time being at least, leaving Ottawa's airwaves.
The popular on-air radio personality and host of Boom 99.7's midday show was let go on Monday, with the station announcing the news on its Facebook page.
“We made some changes to our boom 99.7 programming lineup today,” it said. “Wendy Daniels is no longer host of our midday show. Wendy is a true broadcast professional with many years of experience and significant accomplishments in our local market. We want to sincerely thank her for her many contributions and wish her the best of success in her future endeavours.”
Boom, or more accurately CJOT-FM, is owned by Corus Entertainment.
In her own Facebook post, Daniels thanks her fans, noting “I've spent 29 years, 6 months and 23 days working at 1504 Merivale Road and made some wonderful friends and memories. It was an honour to go on air every day. Thanks for hanging out with me on the radio. Maybe we'll do it again sometime.”
Her post prompted hundreds of likes ands scores of messages of support, including one from former radio personality Sandy Sharkey, with whom Daniels often shared philanthropic hosting gigs: “I'm on the road in Lubbock, Texas,” she wrote, “otherwise I'd be drinking a bottle (or 2) of wine with you right now Wendy Daniels. I would raise a glass to you~ one of the most beloved talents ever to grace the Ottawa airwaves. You delivered the kind of radio that made people stay in their car listening to you long after they had arrived at their destination. You are the original Wicked Wendy. The music, the stories behind the music, the breaking news, the local stories that mattered, the tears when one of our rock and roll icons passed away .. we shared all of this with you. Thank you for always being the best.”
Daniels attended Humber College's radio and television program in the mid 1980s before lending her voice to 580 CFRA as an evening host. In September 1989, she moved to the Bear 106.9, hosting midday programming as well as the station's morning and afternoon drive programs. She remained with the station in its various incarnations until 2013, when she moved to Boom.
Over the years, Daniels, known as “Wicked Wendy,” volunteered for numerous charities and events in the area, including the CHEO Telethon, the Max Keeping Bowl-a-thon for CHEO, Manotick's Dickinson Days Parade, the Special Olympics, and the Run for Miracles and the Army Run. She was a board member at the Ottawa Humane Society and was involved with Hopeful Hearts Dog Rescue. In 2014, she received the Mayor's City Builder Award for her volunteer service and support.
There was no immediate word as to why she was let go or who would replace her. “Wendy Daniels is a terrific broadcaster and we want to thank her for her contributions to boom 101.9,” wrote Corus Entertainment spokesperson Rishma Govani on Tuesday. “We are excited about the future , and look forward to sharing our plans with our listeners at a later date.”
(There are at least two Boom 101.9 stations, both owned by Corus Entertainment – one in Cornwall and the other in Wainwright, Alta. Daniels was a broadcaster with Boom 99.7)
bdeachman@postmedia.com
INDIANAPOLIS -- Scientists from IUPUI, MIT, Nokia Bell Labs, NTT and the University of Bristol in England, which led the study, have shown how an optical chip can simulate the motion of atoms within molecules at the quantum level. The study is published in the May 31 issue of the journal Nature.
The work described in the new study could lead to new methods of molecular modeling, which may help in the creation of new chemicals for use as pharmaceuticals.
The new methods of simulation exploit a similarity between the vibrations of atoms in molecules and the way photons of light move in an optical chip. Using analogies between photonics and molecular vibrations as a starting point provided the researchers with a head start in implementing intriguing simulations. Building on this, they hope to create quantum simulation and modeling tools that provide a practical advantage in the coming years.
"With this platform, in addition to vibrations of a stand-alone molecule, we are able to model the effects of environment on these quantum vibrations," said study co-author and IUPUI physicist Yogesh Joglekar. "The chip allows us to study open quantum systems, an extremely challenging subject."
Understanding the behavior of molecules requires an understanding of how they vibrate at the quantum level. But modeling these dynamics requires massive computational power, beyond what exists or is expected from coming generations of supercomputers.
An optical chip uses light instead of electricity and can operate as a quantum computing circuit. In the study published in Nature, data from the chip allows a frame-by-frame reconstruction of atomic motions to create a virtual movie of how a molecule vibrates.
"We can think of the atoms in molecules as being connected by springs," said Bristol physicist Anthony Laing, who led the project. "Across the whole molecule, the connected atoms will collectively vibrate, like a complicated dance routine. At a quantum level, the energy of the dance goes up or down in well-defined levels, as if the beat of the music has moved up or down a notch. Each notch represents a quantum of vibration.
"We can program a photonic chip to mimic the vibrations of a molecule mapping its components to the structure of a particular molecule, say ammonia, and then simulate how a particular vibrational pattern evolves over some time interval. By taking many time intervals, we essentially build up a movie of the molecular dynamics."
Co-first author Chris Sparrow, who was a student on the project, noted the simulator's versatility: "The chip can be reprogrammed in a few seconds to simulate different molecules. Because time is a controllable parameter, we can immediately jump to the most interesting points of the movie, or play the simulation in slow motion. We can even rewind the simulation to understand the origins of a particular vibrational pattern."
The photonic chip used in the experiments was fabricated by NTT. "Part of this study was to demonstrate techniques that go beyond the standard harmonic approximation of molecular dynamics," Laing said. "We need to develop these methods to increase the real-world accuracy of our models."
###
Funding sources of all co-authors of "Simulating the vibrational quantum dynamics of molecules using photonics" are listed in the paper. IUPUI's Joglekar was supported by a National Science Foundation CAREER award.
Barcelona, 4 July 2018: The inclusion of nuts in a regular diet significantly improves the quality and function of human sperm, according to results of a randomised trial which measured conventional semen parameters and molecular changes over a 14-week study period. The findings, say the investigators, "support a beneficial role for chronic nut consumption in sperm quality" and reflect a research need for further male-specific dietary recommendations.
The results of the study are presented today by Dr Albert Salas-Huetos from the Human Nutrition Unit of the Universitat Rovira i Virgil in Reus, Spain.(1)
The study was performed, he said, against a background of general decline in quantity and quality of human sperm, attributed in industrialised countries to "pollution, smoking, and trends toward a western-style diet".(2) In this study subjects randomised to the nut group had significant improvements in their sperm count, vitality, motility and morphology (shape); these were consistent with improvements found in other recent studies with diets rich in omega-3, antioxidants (eg, vitamin C and E, selenium and zinc), and folate. Nuts are dense foods containing many of these nutrients and other phytochemicals.
The study was a 14-week randomised clinical trial in which 119 healthy young men aged 18-35 were allocated to either their usual western-style diet supplemented with 60 grams/day of mixed almonds, hazelnuts and walnuts, or their usual western-style diet without nuts. In its analysis the study recorded not just sperm parameters (according to WHO benchmarks) but also changes in several molecular factors, including sperm DNA fragmentation.(3) Sperm and blood samples were analysed at baseline and after 14 weeks of intervention.
Results firstly found significantly higher levels of sperm count, vitality, motility and morphology in the men randomised to the 60 g/day nut diet than in those following their usual diets free of nuts. Improvements in the former group were by around 16% in sperm count, 4% in sperm vitality, 6% in sperm motility, and 1% in morphology. These four parameters, explained Salas-Huetos, are all associated with male fertility. Moreover, the subjects in the nut group also showed a significant reduction in their levels of sperm DNA fragmentation, a parameter closely associated with male infertility. Indeed, it was this change in the level of DNA fragmentation in the sperm cells by which the investigators explained, at least in part, the improvement in sperm count, motility and morphology.
Although these are statistically significant results from a randomised trail with a high level of scientific evidence, Salas-Huetos emphasised that subjects in the study were all healthy and apparently fertile men following a western-style diet. He thus warned that results cannot be extrapolated to the general population.
So should men hoping to conceive a baby - either naturally or with IVF - add nuts to their everyday diet? "We can't yet say that," said Salas-Huetos, "based solely on the results of this study. But evidence is accumulating in the literature that healthy lifestyle changes such as following a healthy dietary pattern might help conception - and of course, nuts are a key component of a Mediterranean healthy diet."
###
Abstract O-238, Wednesday 4 July 2018
Effect of nut consumption on semen quality and functionality in healthy males: a randomized controlled trial
Notes
1. This was a collaborative study led by Dr Mònica Bulló from the Rovira i Virgili University and Drs Joan Blanco and Ester Anton from the Autonomous University of Barcelona. The study was funded by the International Nut and Dried Food Council.
2. There remains some controversy over a decline in sperm counts in developed countries, mainly because of how the measurements were taken. However, a huge meta-analysis last year reported "a significant decline in sperm counts between 1973 and 2011". The analysis, which included more than 40,000 men whose semen samples were screened in 244 studies, found the results "driven by a 50-60% decline among men unselected by fertility from North America, Europe, Australia and New Zealand". The decline in sperm concentration was put at -1.4% per year and in total sperm count at -1.6% per year. (See Levine H, Jørgensen N, Martino-Andrade A, et al. Temporal trends in sperm count: a systematic review and meta-regression analysis. Hum Reprod Update 2017; 23: 646-659.)
3. The World Health Organization lists four semen quality parameters in its latest manual of 2010: concentration (ie, count, which should be a minimum of 15 million sperm cells per ml semen); progressive motility (32% minimum); vitality (58%); and morphology (4%). These are the main parameters measured to evaluate semen quality within a normal range. At the molecular level it has also been proposed that the genetic integrity of each sperm cell is essential for successful fertilisation; if DNA strands in the cell become damaged or fragmented, they will be unable or less likely to fertilise an egg and maintain embryonic development. It is believed that this DNA fragmentation is caused by oxidative stress as a result of environmental and lifestyle factors. Sperm DNA fragmentation can be tested by a range of assays.
* When obtaining outside comment, journalists are requested to ensure that their contacts are aware of the embargo on this release.
For further information on the details of this press release, contact:
Christine Bauquis at ESHRE
Mobile: +32 (0)499 25 80 46
Email: christine@eshre.eu
Night Court star Harry Anderson‘s cause of death has been revealed.
Anderson, who died on April 16 at the age of 65, suffered a cardioembolic cerebrovascular accident — a type of stroke — according to his death certificate obtained by TMZ.
The certificate also mentions influenza and a heart disease as contributing causes that led to his death.
Anderson died at his home in Asheville, North Carolina, PEOPLE confirmed.
Harry Anderson Ron Galella, Ltd./WireImage
“This morning at 6:41 a.m. the Asheville Police Department responded to the home of actor Harry Anderson where he was found deceased. No foul play is suspected,” the Asheville Police Department said in a statement.
Anderson is best known for playing Judge Harry T. Stone in the NBC series Night Court, which ran for nine seasons from 1984-92 during which the series earned seven Emmy Awards and 31 nominations. Anderson won three Emmys and also made cameos on Saturday Night Live, Cheers, Dave's World and starred as Richie Tozier in the 1990 miniseries adaptation of Stephen King's It.
I interviewed Harry Anderson when I was 15 years old and he was so kind, and frank and hilarious. The interview is in my book Sick In The Head. He was a one of a kind talent who made millions so happy. https://t.co/0ksw4WKvxB — Judd Apatow (@JuddApatow) April 16, 2018
The actor, who was born in Newport, Rhode Island, moved to Los Angeles and attended Hollywood High School before moving to San Francisco and then New Orleans. After Hurricane Katrina, the star relocated to the Asheville area, according to local reports.
Want to keep up on the latest from PEOPLE? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox.
Judd Apatow mourned Anderson's death on Twitter, writing, “I interviewed Harry Anderson when I was 15 years old and he was so kind, and frank and hilarious. The interview is in my book Sick In The Head. He was a one of a kind talent who made millions so happy.”
Anderson is survived by his wife Elizabeth Morgan and two children, Eva and Dashiell.
Classes on Friday were canceled for some students at the University of South Carolina because of a death, which was determined to be a suicide, according to the university.
USC President Harris Pastides sent out a message saying that Gambrell Hall was closed in the morning because of a “tragic death, by what appears to be suicide.”
“Our hearts are with (the victim's) family and we grieve with them as their extended Carolina Family,” Pastides said in the news release.
State Law Enforcement Division agents were called to a death investigation, said SLED spokeswoman Kathryn Richardson.
Pastides said counselors and resources are available for those impacted by the loss, or who are experiencing distress.
“Mental health is a priority on our campus,” Pastides said. “If you or someone you know is struggling, I urge you to reach out to one of our trained, caring professionals or to take advantage of one of our other in-person or online mental health services that best meets your needs.”
Students can call 803-777-5223. Faculty and staff can call the Employee Assistance Program at 800-633-3353. There is also a 24/7 National Suicide Prevention Hotline, 1-800-273-8255.
“Helping a fellow Gamecock is always the right thing to do,” Pastides said.
All classes held at Gambrell Hall were canceled for the day, said USC spokesman Jeff Stensland, adding the university anticipates classes at Gambrell Hall will resume on Monday.
Not only is it the year of the dragon, it seems to be year of the headphone too. Every manufacturer is in on the action, including audio behemoth Pioneer. And Pocket-lint has had our mitts - and indeed ears - on the fully enclosed, noise-cancelling Pioneer SE-NC21M on-ear headphones to test out their worth.
Priced at around £80, these aren't premium cans and shouldn't be confused with more luxe models. But there are some definite pro points.
The SE-NC21M headphones are light. Really light, weighing in at 120g, so they'll almost float on your bounce.
Compared to some of the skull-crushing cans out there, these Pioneers sure are a softer experience, but without the firm pressure and ear cups, er, without any real "cupping" to speak of, they don't quite deliver that all-encompassing audio experience as offered by more-premium models. They're certainly comfy over the ears from the very first wear though, which is always a bonus.
The SE-NC21M headphones have a plastic frame that's adjustable to ensure they can fit on all manner of head sizes, and a folding design makes them easier to pop in a bag, or the included hard plastic carry case if preferred (though this doesn't help save on space, it just protects).
Out of the packaging the first thing you may come to realise is that there's no battery included. You'll need to buy a single AAA in order for the noise-cancelling option to become active. Many manufacturers don't package products with batteries due to potential acid leakage, but we still reckon there ought to be one in the box.
Out of the packaging the first thing you may come to realise is that there's no battery included. You'll need to buy a single AAA in order for the noise-cancelling option to become active. Many manufacturers don't package products with batteries due to potential acid leakage, but we still reckon there ought to be one in the box.
Audio is reasonable, but far more preferable in quieter conditions. The specified 10-22,000Hz frequency response range may sound considerable, but without a more locked-to-the-ears design, trying to listen on, say, a London Underground train, will require the volume to go up and outside sound will still impact on the perceptible audio. The lower frequencies also feel a little "removed" from the ears, but there is some bass drive to be heard.
When the noise-cancellation feature is switched on it makes a difference only around the 300Hz mark. It helps to dissolve some surrounding audio, such as that "hiss" of air on an aircraft, but doesn't make a massive difference to all surrounding input and also seemingly sucks up some of the bass output from the 30mm drivers too.
At a desk in a quieter room, wired up to a computer, however, and the listening experience is far more enshrouding. Not bad for the £80 which, considering just how much more a lot of headphones are these days, is ultimately what makes the Pioneer SE-NC21M headphones a worthy purchase. They're light, comfy, and affordable but the audio is reflective of the price point rather than sock-knockingly standout.
Uber's open COO job in the spotlight amid leadership void
SAN FRANCISCO, June 14 With Chief Executive Travis Kalanick taking a leave of absence from Uber Technologies Inc, the vacant job of chief operating officer takes on a lot more importance as the company frames the position as key to solving its woes.
WHO'S the greatest Indigenous player of all time?
It's a question that often gets raised around this part of the season - and one that doesn't have an easy answer.
But firmly in the conversation are some of WA's finest-ever footballers.
On the eve of the AFL's Indigenous Round, The West Australian's chief football writer Mark Duffield and The Sunday Times sport editor Glen Quartermain take us through their picks on the Duff and Quarters podcast.
Does Graham ‘Polly' Farmer earn the nod as greatest of all time, due to his revolutionary work in the ruck and with the skill of handballing?
What about Lance ‘Buddy' Franklin, the greatest forward of the 21st century and a must-watch drawcard with a never-ending highlight reel?
And where do the finals heroics of big-game players such as Chris Lewis and Peter Matera rank?
Listen to our experts' opinions from the 7:20 mark of the above podcast.
Duff and Quarters also discuss their tips for the week, the changes Freo should make, and why the Eagles - Saints clash could be a form of “sadomasochism”.
WASHINGTON (Sputnik) - Facebook's security chief Alex Stamos is expected to leave the company for disagreements on the company's disclosure policy to combat the spread of disinformation, US media reported.
Stamos will leave Facebook following internal disagreements of how the company should deal with its role of spreading disinformation, the New York Times reported on Monday citing unnamed current and former employees with knowledge of the matter.
Facebook reassigned Stamos' daily responsibilities to other employees in December, but he was persuaded to stay until August to oversee the transition process, the report said.
© Sputnik/ Natalia Seliverstova EU Parliament to Investigate Reports About Facebook Users' Personal Data Misuse
Congress has pressed Facebook and other social media platforms for their role in allegedly spreading disinformation on their networks, especially amid the 2016 US presidential election.
Facebook's global policy vice president Joel Kaplan said in February that the company had been working with the FBI, the Department of Homeland Security and the special counsel probing claims of Russia's collusion with the Trump campaign.
The Trump administration and top Russian officials have repeatedly refuted the allegations of collusion. Moscow has said these claims are absurd and such behaviour goes counter to the principles and conduct of Russia's foreign policy.
SAN DIEGO — A federal jury has ruled Salt Lake Comic Con organizers violated copyright law when they improperly used the words “comic con,” according to KSTU.
In a verdict handed down Friday afternoon, the jury sided with San Diego Comic-Con, which sued the Salt Lake event and its organizers, Dan Farr and Bryan Brandenburg. The jury found San Diego Comic-Con's trademark is valid, and Salt Lake Comic Con used it without permission.
San Diego Comic-Con sought as much as $12 million in damages from Farr, Brandenburg and Salt Lake Comic Con. Instead, the jury awarded them only $20,000 finding no willful infringement of the copyright.
San Diego Comic-Con International sued in 2014, accusing the Salt Lake event of infringing on their copyrights to the words “comic con.” Salt Lake Comic Con insisted the term is generic, pointing to more than 100 other events held across the country that use the term.
The verdict could potentially impact other comic cons across the country. Representatives for San Diego Comic-Con did not immediately respond to a request for comment from KSTU.
It is expected that Salt Lake Comic Con will appeal the verdict to the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals in California. Salt Lake Comic Con organizers have previously told KSTU the legal battle will not affect their ability to put on the next event, which draws more than 100,000 people to the Salt Palace.
Sharon Chen of FOX 13 sister station FOX 5 San Diego contributed to this report.
Porsche believe they have the foundations in place to be ‘as quick as possible' when they enter Formula E in the 2019/20 season.
Their former LMP1 boss Andreas Seidl said after a recent fact-finding visit to the Berlin ePrix that he believed they could be competitive from the off despite deciding against setting-up a feeder team.
This is in marked contrast to fellow German manufacturer Mercedes, who are also entering the sport in season six but chose to have Mercedes racing specialists HWA become a customer of the Venturi team.
Mercedes says this will allow them more experience ahead of 2019, but Seidl said that he did not believe this was necessary as any customer team would not have any Porsche equipment on the car, making it of limited use.
Speaking to Autosport Seidl said, “It was never a topic to run an FE season with a car which doesn't have any single Porsche bit in, so this is why the option was never there to do something like HWA is.
“It was clear that we would only start doing Formula E once we have our own powertrain in place, which wasn't possible – similar to Mercedes [which also joins in 2019/20] – for season five in terms of timing.
“We are aware how tough this competition will be. Especially considering that we go into competition against manufacturers which are already in for five years when we enter.
“This is why we approach this challenge quite humbly and with a lot of respect, but at the same time, with us now having history of the team with the LMP1 business, we have a good foundation to be competitive as quick as possible.”
Seidl also discussed driver selection ahead of their debut, saying that their preference would be drivers from within the Porsche stable, but that he would expect that they would need a driver with experience in the series.
“On the driver's side we probably have to make a decision in the first quarter of 2019,” Seidl said.
“Similar to the LMP1 programme, our focus initially will be to see first which drivers we have inside the Porsche family because we try to be loyal to these guys first.
“But at the same time, I have to make the decision.
“Can I really afford to go into Formula E without having a driver who has Formula E experience? That's something I have to figure out in the next month.”
TOKYO/SAN FRANCISCO, April 12 Japan's Toshiba Corp has narrowed down the field of bidders for its chip unit to four suitors including Broadcom Ltd and Western Digital Corp, two sources with knowledge of the matter said.
South Korea's SK Hynix Inc and Taiwan's Foxconn are the other bidders, they said, adding that Broadcom has partnered with U.S. private equity firm Silver Lake Partners LP. The sources declined to be identified as they were not authorised to speak on the matter publicly.
There were about 10 bidders in the first round of offers, sources have said previously.
Toshiba has said it needs to sell most or all of the prized business to cover charges related to U.S. nuclear unit Westinghouse Electric that threaten the Japanese conglomerate's future. (Reporting by Taro Fuse in TOKYO and Liana B. Baker in SAN FRANCISCO; Writing by Tim Kelly; Editing by Edwina Gibbs)
A MOTORCYCLIST has died after colliding with a Toyota Landcruiser ute at One Tree Hill.
Emergency services were called to the intersection of Jordan Ave and Black Top Rd after reports a car and motorcycle had crashed on Saturday, at 10am.
The 48-year-old motorbike rider from Mount Pleasant suffered serious injuries and, despite efforts by members of the public and paramedics, died at the scene.
The driver of the ute, a 64-year-old man from One Tree Hill, suffered minor injuries and was taken to the Lyell McEwin Hospital and assisting police.
Sergeant Sheldon Lovell of Major Crash said an initial investigation identified the motorcyclist had tried to overtake three cars, in an 80km zone.
“Initial investigation leads us to believe the motorcyclist was conducting a risky move, and as a result of that move he has collided with a rear of the utility,” Sgt Lovell said.
“The motorcyclists has overtaken a number of cars including the ute that was making a lawful right turn and, unfortunately, there is no room for error.
“This is just yet another motorcycle fatality we don't need.”
Sgt Lovell pleaded with motorcyclists to take extra care on the roads, after this morning's crash was recorded as the first motorcyclist death this year.
“Motorcyclists are vulnerable road users, they need to take extra care simply because they don't have the protection other motorists have,” he said.
The man's death takes SA's road toll for 2018 to six.
There were five deaths over the same period in 2017.
Last week, The Advertiser revealed a State Government review recommended a series of reforms to curb the number of motorcyclists getting seriously or fatally injured on SA roads.
Proposed changes include banning teenagers from riding motorbikes before they turn 18, while scooter riders would be required to obtain a motorcycle licence
Despite several police operations and government safety campaigns, 24 motorcyclists died on the state's roads last year — the worst in more than 23 years — compared with eight in 2016. Nine were aged under 30, with the youngest 17 and the oldest 73.
March 19 (UPI) -- More than 130 people were arrested in Southwest Arkansas when law enforcement raided a cockfighting ring, officials said Monday.
The raid took place on Saturday when officials with the Sevier County Sheriff's Office raided a property suspected of having monthly cockfights with dozens of spectators in attendance.
Nearly 200 birds were confiscated in the raid.
Cockfighting is a felony offense in Arkansas and 34 people were arrested for participating in the cockfights. In addition, several spectators were charged with misdemeanors for paying $20 to watch the cockfights, KTBS-TV reported.
According to KSLA-TV, law enforcement has been working on the cockfighting case for more than 18 months and they're not finished yet.
"I expect we will continue to investigate it through the interviews we are going to do," Sevier County Sheriff Robert Gentry said.
The cockfighting investigation involved 56 city, county, state and federal officers.
Share. Plus two new original concepts. Plus two new original concepts.
During DC Comics' Dark Nights: Metal/New Age of Heroes panel at New York Comic Con, three announcements for new stories and comic books were revealed.
First among them was “Flash War,” a new storyline from writer Joshua Williamson and Howard Porter. Williamson explained how he always gets asked who is the better Flash, Barry Allen or the classic Wally West, so he's going to use this story to address that fan debate. It will kick off in The Flash Annual #1, out in February.
A new comic that is part of DC's new Dark Matter/New Age of Heroes line was revealed titled The Curse of Brimstone by writer Justin Jordan and artist Philip Tan. Jordan explained how it is a horror book that takes place in a rural, forgotten town as opposed to a well-tread place like Gotham or Metropolis. A mysterious figure called the Salesman makes an offer to a twenty-something local: he'll give him the power to make the town better if he works for him. Naturally, the young man accepts and quickly realizes that his new powers of smoke and fire end up causing more bad than good.
The cover to The Curse of Brimstone #1, along with all titles in this line, are getting covers that fold out for a total of three panels, but with a twist that they fold out vertically. They use the extra space to foreshadow the entire story to come.
The final new book is The Unexpected by writer Steve Orlando and artist Ryan Sook. Orlando described it as Dark Tower meets The Expendables. It features a team of people who have all made horrible mistakes they think they can never come back from, and by coming together they'll get a chance at redemption. It's a strange cast full of obscure characters and new riffs on old ideas: Neon the Unknown, Ascendant, Viking Judge, and more.
Also, before the panel ended, Dark Nights: Metal writer Scott Snyder teased that something big would be coming after Metal, saying how they're going to “moneyball all the teams” and he threw out names like Starro, Sinestro, and Superman. With the panel time up, DC publisher Dan Didio cut Snyder off just as he mentioned something called “Seven Sins,” ending the panel on a cliffhanger to just what Snyder was talking about.
Also from New York Comic Con:
DC's Earth M Imprint Revealed 10+ IMAGES Fullscreen Image Artboard 3 Copy Artboard 3 ESC 01 12 Earth M preview art by Ken Lashley. 01 12 Earth M preview art by Ken Lashley. DC's Earth M Imprint Revealed DC Comics Download Image Captions ESC
Joshua is IGN's Comics Editor. If Pokémon, Green Lantern, or Game of Thrones are frequently used words in your vocabulary, you'll want to follow him on Twitter @JoshuaYehl and IGN.
Scroll for more content...
President Donald Trump plans to meet one-on-one with Vladimir Putin at the start of their July 16 summit in Helsinki, Finland, according to a person familiar with the plans, before allowing other aides to join the highly anticipated encounter with the Russian leader.
The meeting will be the first formal summit talks between them. They have met previously on the sidelines of conferences.
Trump has shown an affinity for meeting individually with his counterparts before opening the room to fuller delegations. During his historic summit with Kim Jong-un last month, Trump met for about an hour with just the North Korean dictator, joined only by their translators. Emerging from the face-to-face, Trump told reporters the discussion was "very, very good."
He had said before the Singapore talks that he wanted to take the measure of Kim personally and gauge their chemistry. In the case of Putin, Trump has already assessed their interpersonal ties up close, but wants more time to develop the leader-to-leader relationship, according to the person familiar with the summit's planning.
Ahead of the North Korea summit, some US officials expressed concern about a meeting without any other aides present. Without official note-takers or other witnesses, one-on-one meetings lack any official record, making it difficult afterward to determine whether agreements have been reached. Putin is known as a shrewd negotiator who some officials worry could exploit such a session and extract concessions from Trump.
At Trump and Putin's first meeting, on the margins of the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, a year ago, the only aide to accompany the President was then-Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, along with a US translator. The session went so long that first lady Melania Trump was sent in to try to cut it off.
In a second conversation during dinner at the same summit, Trump was without a translator who spoke Russian, so instead relied on Putin's. The men spoke for about an hour without any other aides present, officials said later. The White House downplayed the significance of the encounter, but experts expressed concern there was no official US record of the talk.
This time, it's expected a larger delegation of aides will participate in the expanded portion of the summit for a discussion that will center on Syria, nuclear weapons and election meddling.
"The goal of this meeting really is for the two leaders to have a chance to sit down, not in the context of some larger multilateral meeting, but just the two of them, to go over what is on their mind about a whole range of issues," national security adviser John Bolton said Sunday on CBS's "Face the Nation."
Will Trump press Putin on election meddling?
Bolton said the issue of election meddling would arise, despite Putin's denials that Moscow attempted to sway the 2016 US presidential contest. Trump himself cited that denial last week in a tweet, at the same time posing questions about why the FBI did not investigate Hillary Clinton's ties to Russia.
Trump raised the meddling issue during his first meeting with Putin in Hamburg. But afterward, differences emerged between the two sides. Tillerson said Trump had pressed Putin on the matter. But the Kremlin said Trump had accepted Putin's denials that Russia interfered in the election.
In a conversation with reporters aboard Air Force One on Friday, Trump indicated the election issue would arise again, along with other matters.
"I'll talk to him about everything," Trump said. "We're going to talk about Ukraine, we're going to be talking about Syria, we'll be talking about elections. And we don't want anybody tampering with elections. We'll be talking about world events. We'll be talking about peace. Maybe we talk about saving billions of dollars on weapons, and maybe we don't."
That, according to aides, was a reference to Trump's long-standing interest in addressing what he perceives as a potential nuclear arms race between the US and Russia. Earlier this year, Putin boasted about the strength of Russia's arsenal, to which Trump took umbrage. He raised that issue in his last phone call with Putin, which occurred in March, and hopes to raise it again during the July 16 talks. He has told advisers that any face-to-face meeting with the leader of a nuclear power -- including Putin and Kim -- is a worthwhile endeavor.
Trump wants grand event
Trump is expected to begin formal preparations for the Putin meeting in the coming days, according to aides. That's likely to include brief sessions with Bolton and Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, along with other national security officials.
Ahead of his Hamburg meeting with Putin -- to date, their only formal sit-down -- Trump was presented with a briefing binder that also included pages on his other bilateral sessions during the G20. The section on his meeting with Putin amounted to only a "few pages," according to one White House official. A second official said the documents included talking points, each only a sentence or two long, to keep Trump focused during his meeting.
It's not clear yet what other events Trump and Putin have planned for their summit in Helsinki. The Kremlin has suggested the leaders would deliver statements to the media, though the White House has yet to lay out similar details.
Trump has told planners he wants the event to feel monumental, in the style of previous summit meetings between US and Russian leaders. Helsinki was selected in part to lend the event historical weight, people familiar with the matter said. The Finnish capital hosted summits between President George H.W. Bush and Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev, and President Bill Clinton and Russian President Boris Yeltsin.
Already, some of Trump's critics are warning against an overly friendly meeting with Putin, particularly as Trump picks trade battles with longtime US allies. A NATO meeting ahead of the Putin summit is expected to be contentious as Trump presses members of the alliance to increase their defense spending.
On Monday, leading foreign-policy Democrats urged Trump in a letter to hold Putin accountable for Russia's destabilization efforts, including election meddling, support for the Syrian regime and the annexation of Crimea.
"While there is a place for dialogue between nations on disagreements and common challenges, such as reducing nuclear dangers, we are deeply concerned that your Administration continues to send mixed messages regarding the Russian security threat," the Democrats -- Sens. Robert Menendez of New Jersey, Dick Durbin of Illinois, Mark Warner of Virginia and Jack Reed of Rhode Island -- wrote to Trump. "During your meeting with President Putin, we ask that you convey that there will be clear consequences for Russia's interference in democratic processes in the United States and elsewhere, its support for violence and bloodshed in Ukraine and Syria, and the illegal occupation of Crimea."
Paying Passenger Brutally Forced from United Airlines Flight
While covering stories for the Jackson Advocate, I have traveled across the USA and around the globe, frequently on United Airlines flights. According to my most recent United Mileage Plus statement, I have travelled 127,568 miles on United Airlines flights. But no more.
Below is a picture of my United Mileage Plus Member Card. That's right, I cut it up. I am through with United Airlines – done!
I will not travel on another United Airlines flight because doing so would remind me of the utterly disgusting manner in which an elderly passenger was treated on Sunday and the letter United's CEO reportedly sent on Monday.
I encourage our readers to click on this link https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VrDWY6C1178
or this link
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kgdjQvdNThk
or any of the other websites with videos capturing images recording what happened. See for yourself the shocking videos showing an elderly man being forcefully dragged,like he was a sack of dirty potatoes,from a United plane.
Reportedly, this elderly man's name was among the four randomly selected passengers asked to deplane to make room for four United employees needing an airplane ride to work. The elderly man reportedly said he was a doctor and needed to see his patients. He was trying to stay in the plane seat for which he had paid.
Three burly security officers encircled him,forcefully yanked him from his seat, and while he was on his back they grabbed him by his arms and dragged him off the plane like he was a just-captured hunted dangerous fugitive.
The elderly man was injured. Some videos show blood running down his face.
Adding insult to injury, United Airlines CEO Oscar Munoz reportedly issued a letter, which appears to blame the elderly passenger and applaud how this incident was handled by United employees and the airport security officers. Munoz reportedly stated that United's investigation found the man was “disruptive and belligerent” and “I want to commend you for continuing to go above and beyond to ensure we fly right.”
Well, if that's how you fly, I am not flying with you.
By
Dr. Anne T. Sulton, Esq.
JA Senior International Correspondent
The back-to-back round of the Champions Cup always has an edge.
Results are fresh in the memory. Personal grudges are there to be settled long before the emotional pain can wear off. It's an instant shot at redemption for those hurting. It's black-ice on the road for the round three winners.
This weekend, the Irish provinces all face English Premiership sides with a thorn in their paw. Ulster and Leinster will have to back up brilliant wins on the road against Harlequins and Exeter, but it's the meeting of Munster and the Leicester Tigers at Welford Road on Sunday which is already bursting with venom.
Matt O'Connor was never one for biting his tongue during his time as Leinster head coach, and the whistle had barely blown in Limerick on Saturday before the Australian began stirring the pot for the return game.
First in the firing line was Munster's Andrew Conway, who was knocked unconscious after clashing heads with Leicester's Telusa Veainu. Veainu suffered a broken jaw in the incident, and despite this, took the time to check in on Conway as he received lengthy treatment on the ground. Clearly there were no hard feelings between the players. That didn't extend to the coach.
In his press conference after the game, O'Connor thought losing consciousness wasn't punishment enough for Conway:
“Well, one guy's got a broken jaw. That's what I'm annoyed about. Surely there's a duty of care? How is it not a high tackle when he clashed heads, and smashed him in his face with his head? We're talking about seatbelt tackles, which are an absolute non-event. And a bloke's got a broken jaw.”
Peter O'Mahony and Chris Cloete dominated the Tigers on the ground of that game, particularly in the opening half, with O'Connor labelling their breakdown work as “cynical”, adding he's hopeful of receiving a “a reciprocal home game arrangement” this Sunday.
It may also be “cynical” to think this was all a deflection from a second Thomond Park battering in as many years for the Tigers.
The beauty of this tournament though is that they now have the chance to let that frustration fester for a week, before unleashing hell next Sunday. 12 months ago, Munster stuck 38 points on Leicester in a shutout at Thomond. before a last minute Owen Williams penalty ended their seven game winning run a week later.
Whether you agree or disagree with Matt O'Connor's take on proceedings, every word of his press conference makes you more excited about what might take place in six days. Rounds three and four of the Champions Cup rarely disappoint.
It's not the only game next weekend where short-held grudges can be settled. Clermont and Saracens meet this evening in their rescheduled Pool 2 fixture, with the French side already labelling the organisation of the game as “ridiculous and absurd” after the snow caused the original game to be put back by a day. They haven't even kicked off their first game, and it's shaping up to be a heavyweight prizefight. Throw in the scar-tissue of last season's final at Murrayfield, and the return in France gets even tastier.
Imagine what it'll be like by round two?
A 22-year-old woman was charged by Ontario Provincial Police following a domestic dispute in a First Nation community in the overnight hours of Sunday to Monday.
Officers from the Killaloe detachment responded to a call in the area of Shingwak Inamo in the Algonquins of Pikwàkanagàn First Nation community shortly after midnight on New Year's day, the OPP said in a statement Monday.
The First Nation community is located off Highway 60, a one-and-a-half hour drive west of Ottawa.
The woman, who is from Arnprior, was charged with domestic assault, domestic mischief and assault of a peace officer.
She was held pending a bail hearing in a Pembroke court. Her name was withheld to protect the identity of the victim.
By Jason Keidel
Super Bowl LII
Philadelphia Eagles (15-3) vs. New England Patriots (15-3)
Sunday, February 4, 6:30 pm ET
One more game, the game, four quarters to distill six months and decide the winner of the NFL for the 2017 season. Super Bowl LII features the New England Patriots, the classic chalk and talk of football for the last 17 years, making a league-record 10th trip to the Super Bowl, and the eighth since Bill Belichick and Tom formed the most famous and successful HC-QB tandem in history.
The Pats play the Philadelphia Eagles, the ultimate upstart, faces covered with German Shepherd masks to remind us how long they've been overlooked and underdogs. They've long been a forlorn franchise, making its third trip to the Super Bowl, looking for their first Lombardi Trophy, and first NFL title since they beat Vince Lombardi, himself, in 1960.
First, the bad news for the underdog Eagles. The Pats under Brady and Belichick are 4-1 against the Eagles. The Pats have a combined 73 Super Bowls played among their players. The Eagles have eight. Tom Brady has thrown more playoff touchdowns (68) than Nick Foles has tossed in his entire career (61). The Pats have beaten every team not from the Meadowlands, and every QB not named Eli Manning.
>>MORE: NFL Playoffs: Super Bowl Picks
The good news for the Eagles is the NFL's leading passer is 0-5 when he reaches the Super Bowl. Brady led the league in passing yards in 2017. The other good news is of the Pats' prior seven Super Bowls this century, they opened none with a TD drive. In fact, Brady has yet to lead the Pats on a scoring drive of any kind in the first quarter of any of his Super Bowls. It belies their regular season efficiency, as the Patriots have scored a FG or TD in nine opening drives during the 2017 season, going 7-2 in those games. Just further proof the Super Bowl is exalted and accelerated, even for a veteran-hardened team like New England.
The bad news for the Eagles is the Patriots have scored 77 points combined in the fourth quarter and overtime during those games, which is why they've won five of seven, including that biblical comeback last year against Atlanta. The Pats have also toppled the Eagles in the Super Bowl, 13 years ago, a game the Eagles could have won but ran out of gas in the fourth quarter, which fueled some ugly postgame backbiting, led by Terrell Owens, who called out QB Donovan McNabb for coming up lame and sick, heaving and vomiting over the last few minutes of the game.
So as soon as the Eagles soothe their Super Bowl jitters — a very real thing, any player will tell you — the sooner they can get to putting it on the Pats, much the way Atlanta did last year, before forgetting they had the lead, the clock, and Devonta Freeman running the ball. The Eagles are aggressive on both sides of the ball. By any objective measure, they have a deeper and more talented roster, a better offensive and defensive line, and a better overall defense.
>>MORE: Keidel: Super Bowl 52, By The Numbers
The Patriots are five-point favorites for two reasons — Brady and Belichick — and their combined wisdom, experience, talent and temerity. On paper, the Eagles seem to have the edge. Of course, the Super Bowl is played on a football field, albeit and neutral field, not in theory or with computerized algorithms. Another level of New England's gridiron genius is their perseverance, patience, and absolute allergy to making big mistakes. Many times the Patriots win games just by making fewer errors. We've often heard that teams lose games more than win them, which has been the ultimate science behind the Patriots' playoff success.
If we look at the playoffs, no one can doubt that the Eagles have looked exponentially better. Philadelphia has put forward record-setting defense in January, top five all-time in average playoff points per game against a team in the Super Bowl era. The Eagles D has yielded 17 points so far in the postseason, averaging 8.5 points per game. Only the 2000 Giants and 2000 Ravens have been more stingy to this point than the 2017 Eagles.
Of course, the Pats are harder to kill than Michael Myers, Jason Voorhees, and Freddy Krueger combined. Even when you have the symbolic boot on their throat, you'd better grind until life leaves their eyes, there's no breathing, and no pulse. Just ask Atlanta. If the Eagles jump out front, they have the defense to make it stick, and Foles has proved he's got enough talent and temerity to avoid the big gaffe that felled the Seahawks and Falcons before them.
>>MORE: Commentary from CBS Local Sports Voices
This iteration of the Eagles may be more beloved than any in history. More than the Dick Vermeil squads, more than the Reggie White club, led by the ornery Buddy Ryan. This is not just the most cherished team, but also the best in franchise history. How many premature postmortems must we write about these Eagles before we finally realize they refuse to die?
Prediction: Eagles win, 26-24
Jason writes a weekly column for CBS Local Sports. He is a native New Yorker, sans the elitist sensibilities, and believes there's a world west of the Hudson River. A Yankees devotee and Steelers groupie, he has been scouring the forest of fertile NYC sports sections since the 1970s. He has written over 500 columns for WFAN/CBS NY, and also worked as a freelance writer for Sports Illustrated and Newsday subsidiary amNew York. He made his bones as a boxing writer, occasionally covering fights in Las Vegas, Atlantic City, but mostly inside Madison Square Garden. Follow him on Twitter @JasonKeidel.
“It‘s not accurate to say it's proven to work. Aspects of it have been proven, but everything that has to be tied together hasn't happened,” said Simpson, adding he would provide advice to the coalition for free. ”They still need another 10 years to perfect this, and it would be great. There's lots of thorium. You could get thousands of years of energy out of it.“
Tim Cook has been criticized in his six years at the helm of Apple as being short on the kind of vision for which founder Steve Jobs was renowned; for setting too modest a pace of innovation; for fighting back against the U.S. government when it demanded that Apple unlock iPhones in criminal investigations.
Yet in his tenure, Apple has remained strongly profitable, adding to a cash pile that's now reached $257 billion. He is quick to point out all the ways in which it hasn't been a laggard in artificial intelligence, and earlier this week he finally acknowledged the long-held rumors that Apple is working on autonomous cars. Cook himself has stepped out quite publicly on a series of critical issues, from his personal journey as a gay executive to President Trump's immigration ban and withdrawal from the Paris climate accord.
He sat down with MIT Technology Review in the Social Machines group at the MIT Media Lab, on a day of touring the campus and meeting with researchers and students ahead of his June 9 commencement speech. Here is an edited transcript of the interview.
At your recent developers' conference there was a surprising amount of discussion of artificial intelligence—much more than at prior conferences.
AI is profound, and we are at a point—and it will get better and better over time—where the GPU is getting so powerful there's so much capability to do unbelievable things. What all of us have to do is to make sure we are using AI in a way that is for the benefit of humanity, not to the detriment of humanity.
Do you worry about that?
Yes, I do. I don't worry about Apple doing it—I think we have our head sewn on right—but I do worry about it broadly. I worry that there will be a tendency on things that require human judgment. I worry that some folks may not think about that, and just think about the process of automating it, or automating it without the human element of it that's so important … and that won't be good for humanity.
Broadly, when technological advancements can go up so exponentially, I do think there's a risk of certain people losing sight of the fact that technology should serve humanity and not the other way around. We see examples of that today.
Such as?
Fake news, right? Privacy. Security. But you could also extend it to the trolls on some social networks. They have sort of been given a megaphone. And I don't mean people who have a difference of opinion, because I think that's so important in a democracy. It's occurring at many different places and putting a lot of tension on our social fabric.
There was a lot of AI talk this week, but Apple is often portrayed as playing a game of catch-up on this technology, behind companies like Google, Amazon, and Microsoft. How do you respond to that?
We typically don't talk about something until we are about to ship. Not just for AI, but for anything: the comparison is generally what we are shipping compared to what someone else is talking about that is going to happen sometime in the future. A lot of people sell futures, I guess is the way to think about it. They have various reasons for doing that. I don't criticize any of that; it's just not who we are. At the developer conference this week, everything [we talked about] is shipping this year. So we're not going through things that we're going to do in '19, and '20 and '21. It's not because we don't know that. It's because we don't want to talk about that.
People don't think about well-integrated machine learning. They don't even know it's there. The battery lasts longer in your iPhone because of machine learning. There are a ton of things in [an iPhone] today that you wouldn't think ‘Oh, that's machine learning'—a whole list of things. We've never felt a need or like the consumer really wanted us to lay out the big matrix—“Here are all the ways that we use machine learning”—because it's not something people care about. We care because we are in the techie sphere, but the user doesn't care. They just want it to work.
How does the iPhone battery use machine learning?
The power management system is learning your usage and scheduling certain things to occur at times to maximize your battery life. Apple Music is learning something about you in order to decide what to play next, and maybe what to recommend and what to put on your playlist today. There's image recognition in photos.
Let's move from the technology in the iPhone to how it's made. In the future, would Apple manufacture iPhones or other products in the U.S.? And what would that kind of manufacturing look like?
We manufacture in the U.S. today. We do it through third parties. If you think about the iPhone today, the glass is manufactured by Corning in Kentucky. There are significant amounts of silicon within the iPhone, and that's manufactured in various different states. The equipment that's used in the manufacturing processes, both in semiconductors and all the way through final assembly, is actually made in two or three dozen states. The number of manufacturing jobs we've created in the U.S. is 50,000 or 60,000.
The way we look at manufacturing is this: the U.S.'s strategy should be to skate where the puck is going, not where it is. The right focus for the U.S. is on advanced manufacturing—something that requires innovation. Robots are going to, over time, do the bulk of assembly. It probably doesn't make sense for the country to establish policies and community [colleges] and vocational schools around something that is going to go in that direction.
We've already created 1.5 million jobs in the U.S. among app developers. This is the largest-growing job segment in the United States. If you think about it, it essentially didn't exist prior to 2008.
When you look at where app developers are coming from, there are some demographic groups that aren't represented that well. So a couple of weeks or so ago we launched a free Swift app development curriculum. We had partnerships immediately with several community colleges to begin teaching that in the fall to people in places where app development hasn't taken hold—in Alabama, Houston, Texas, Ohio. They are kind of all over.
And we firmly believe that for any kid in public or private school, coding should be required. And not just for one year. It should just be like your language class and other classes where you take a more advanced class every year and go up the ladder. Whether you are going to work in retail or health care or in hospitality or in technology or manufacturing or finance, it would be really helpful to know how to code.
It would be good for Apple if more people were coding apps for your phones, but you have recently taken some positions that are less clearly tied to making a profit by making things for people to buy. For example, pledging to remain committed to the Paris accord on the reduction of greenhouse gases after President Trump decided the U.S. will leave it. Why do that?
My simple view is that people should have values, and because companies or organizations are nothing more than a collection of people, by extension, companies should have values. Those values are integral to making decisions on a daily basis, the thousands of things that come your way. We have a responsibility to create jobs in the communities we are in. We are an American company and we deeply love America, and I do feel we have an obligation to create jobs in America. In addition to that, we feel it's a responsibility not only of American companies but companies everywhere to reduce their carbon footprint. Our commitment, which we set several years ago, is to run Apple on 100 percent renewable energy. We are proud now that we've made it to 96 percent worldwide. We are at 100 in the United States and 100 in China, our two largest markets. We've now gone beyond our company into partners that we work with, driving people who manufacture on our behalf to run their operations with 100 percent renewable energy … We are putting a huge two-gigawatt solar facility in China, and they've been incredibly receptive to it. We feel that one of the things that has increased the receptivity was the Paris agreement. They've decided they are going to make a significant reduction in carbon. We felt that it was really important to stay in that agreement because we see that a lot of countries out there are changing their behavior because of the agreement.
Subscribe to The Download What's important in technology and innovation, delivered to you every day. Sign Up Thank you — please check your email to confirm your subscription. Incorrect email format Manage your newsletter preferences
You're also opposed to the president's travel ban. You frame that as a human rights issue as much as a labor and talent supply issue, but Silicon Valley does employ a lot of immigrants and international employees.
The original travel ban hit, and we had cases where a spouse was in the U.S., our employee was traveling outside the U.S., and our employee couldn't get back into the country. This is not who we are as people. We don't break families up. That's not America. It wasn't about, for us, the [talent] access kind of question I know everyone is sort of fixated on. It's about treating people with dignity and respect. We had cases where grandparents trying to come into the country to participate in the birth of their first grandchild couldn't get in the country. I don't mean people that had not been vetted and gone through the process. Security is very important, but there's a way to do things.
Let's take on another serious issue. Silicon Valley has a dismal record employing women.
Technology has an enormous issue with gender diversity. The studies show that because coding isn't introduced [correctly], it gets labeled somewhere along the line from a societal point of view as a “boy” thing. You wind up with less and fewer women going into coding, and then it's no surprise that when you try to recruit as a company for people coming out of college, guess what? Unfortunately, the percentages are what they are. That doesn't mean companies aren't making mistakes. There are a lot of things that have got to change, but fundamentally the fix to this will be focusing on the total population [with early education]. We can do it, and frankly it's a must. Technology is not going to stay in the lead in the United States unless gender diversity gets materially better, it's just not. Because the fundamental skill will not be in the U.S. to lead. Just on a population basis.
SEUNGRI from K-pop boy band BIGBANG unveiled his feelings toward his members' enlistment in recent days.For the upcoming episode of the MBC variety show 'Radio Star', SEUNGRI and three members of K-pop boy band Wanna One―Kang Daniel, Ong Seong Wu, and Park Woo Jin, joined the show.Although SEUNGRI was part of the program just by himself, he broached the conversation by naughtily saying, "I am SEUNGRI who's finally in the center. I feel so good since my members are in the army!".SEUNGRI said that he loves people giving full attention to him, and the casts of the show burst into laughter from SEUNGRI's witty comments.SEUNGRI also mentioned that he gets 100 text messages in the morning, and his face full of happy and joyful facial expressions once again garners attention from the public.On this day, SEUNGRI had a meeting with the members of Wanna One for ten minutes, and it is reported that he cheered up the members with full love and support.Since it has been more than 13 years after SEUNGRI debuted as a member of BIGBANG, he also exposed the changes and struggles he had as an artist and member of the group.This episode full of interesting and amusing stories will be aired this Wednesday.(Credit= MBC Radio Star/SBS funE)(SBS Star)
Great Lakes Invitational ContestRegister for your chance to win tickets to the 2018 Great Lakes Invitational on January 1-2 at Little Caesars Arena!
Jamie and Stoney Great Lakes Invitational Ticket GiveawayThe 53rd annual Great Lakes Invitational is coming to Little Caesars Arena on January 1-2, 2018. Michigan, Michigan State, Michigan Tech and Bowling Green will compete for the MacInnes Cup in this holiday tradition. Jamie and Stoney have your VIP access including four premium seats, a $100 gift certificate to Made in Detroit, a pre-game penalty box visit and a Great Lakes Invitational prize pack. Listen to Jamie and Stoney on December 20 from 6:00 am - 10:00 am for your chance to win.
WWJ Weekend Box Office 12/14/17 - DSO Ring Without Words
Miller Lite Appearance - Twin Peaks97.1 The Ticket and Miller Lite have teamed up to give away Detroit Lions tickets. Come to the Twin Peaks in Southgate on December 15 from 7:00 pm – 9:00 pm for your chance to win a four-pack to see the Detroit Lions vs Green Bay on December 31 at Ford Field.
The budget Rebuild by Ralph Hassel
The complete build is documented
here on www.Offroaders.com
This 1978 Jeep CJ-7 never started life as a complete Jeep; rather it was built completely from parts. The goal was to build a Jeep CJ-7 that was as close to an original Jeep CJ-7 in appearance as possible while upgrading weaker components with stronger components. Parts were acquired from many vehicles including many Jeeps (CJ's, Wagoneers, Jeep Grand Cherokee's, etc), several Scouts (axles, T-18A transmission & transfercase) as well as parts of unknown origin. Plenty of new parts were acquired as well to put together this Jeep. The titled, street legal Jeep was built over several years under a limited budget and limited time. The Jeep is primarily used offroad in the mountains of PA such as at Rausch Creek and the former Paragon Adventure Park as well as other privately owned hunting lands. The entire build project is documented on www.Offroaders.com as Project CJ-7. Specs and Mods below.
Specs & Mods:
Engine:
AMC 360 C.I. (5.9 Liter) Crate Motor from a Jeep Grand Cherokee, 14k miles on engine, HEI Ignition, True Dual Exhaust
Transmission:
Borg-Warner T-18A – Manual 4-speed, 6.32:1 1st gear, Rebuilt, Short Shaft Conversion, Centerforce II Clutch
Transfer Case:
Dana 20 – Rebuilt with Teralow Gears, 3.15:1 Low Range
Front Axle:
Dana 44 – Narrowed Wagoneer Wide Track, Scout axle shafts, CJ Dana 30 Outer Knuckles, Warn Hubs, PowerTrax No-Slip, Gear Ratio: 3.65
Rear Axle:
Dana 44 – 1976 Scout II, Detroit Locker, Gear Ratio: 3.65
Crawl Ratio:
61:1 (6.32 x 3.15 x 3.56 = 70:8)
Suspension:
BDS YJ Leaf Springs 3.5″ Lift, Double Military Wrap,Shackles 1.5” Lift
Custom Front Outboard Leaf Spring Hangers for Scout width Dana 44 axle
Body Lift:
1″ Polyurethane Body lift
Tires:
Interco Super Swamper SSR 33×12.50×15 Mud Tires, full size spare
Wheels:
Jeep CJ OEM Laredo, Renegade Chrome Wheels, 15×8
Steering Modifications:
AGR High Performance Pump
AGR Superbox 2 Saginaw Power Steering Gearbox
Heavy Duty Saginaw Steering Gearbox Mounting Bracket
Custom Saginaw Gearbox Brace
HEAVY DUTY Six States Tie Rods, Flipped Tie Rod and Drag link
Storage:
Tuffy Console Modifications Raised with additional Lockable Storage Below
Rear Seat Modifications, Raised and hinged with storage below & good place to mount 6×9 Speakers for Great Bass … In a Jeep! Ammo Boxes for Storage Mounted with Quick Disconnects
Bumpers:
Custom Made Front Bumper / Winch Mount, Bumper is an Air Tank, Air Outlet Custom Made Rear Bumper / Tire Carrier / HiLift Jack Mount / Storage Rack, Bumper is an Air Tank with Air Outlet, Reese Hitch accommodations Combined bumper air capacity is about 2 gallons of air.
Onboard Air:
Onboard Air – York AC Compressor Conversion, Pressure switch, 3 Air connection points (each bumper and under the hood), 1972 MACK Truck Air Horns
Armor, Skid Plates, Protection:
Sun Rocker Panel Guards Warrior Rear 1/4 Panel Guards Differential Guards 1/4 inch Steel skid plating protecting transmission and transfer case Custom Oil Pan Skid Plate Protection Custom U-Bolt Plates with Skid Protection Full Roll-Cage, attached to frame
Recovery:
Warn 9500i, D-ring attach points front and rear bumpers
Lighting:
Lightforce Offroad Lights with H.I.D. Conversion 23,000 Volt High-intensity discharge Upgrade, Custom Wind shield mounts
Electrical:
Custom 12 Volt Ground Wire Backbone – Body & frame not the ground circuit
Relays for high amp circuits (Headlights, Highbeams, Spotlights)
Communications:
Cobra 148 GTL 40 Channel CB Radio upper and lower sideband, power mic (original 1980's unit, “tweaked”). Also a backup Cobra 20 Plus CB Mounted Garmin GMRS /FRS
Other Modifications:
Swaybar Modifications Scout Width 44 to CJ Frame Bestop Softop and Bucket Seats DIY Paint Job – '77 Corvette Yellow Rancho 9000 Adjustable Shocks Rinoliner Interior Hand Throttle from Bicycle Parts MP3 Sound System Rear Utility Lights
Jeep Project
Index of Articles
Flanked by more than two dozen Florida pastors, Tommy Green of the Florida Baptist Convention presented a gift of $3,136,500 to the Southern Baptist Convention (SBC) during the Executive Committee (EC) report June 13 in Phoenix.
Photo by Marc Ira Hooks
Frank S. Page, left, president and CEO of the SBC Executive Committee, receives a check from Tommy Green, left, Florida Baptist Convention executive director, from the proceeds of the sale of the FBC's building while about two dozen Florida pastors stand with them. The presentation was given during Page's Executive Committee report on June 13 during the SBC annual meeting at the Phoenix Convention Center.
The Cooperative Program (CP) gift, from the sale of the Florida convention's former building, was among numerous facets of the Executive Committee's report to messengers during the convention's 160th session since the SBC's founding in 1845.
Executive Committee recommendations adopted by messengers included appreciation for Jim Wells, the SBC's outgoing registration secretary who is battling cancer, and establishing a process for selling the SBC Building in Nashville in the event of a significant offer.
The Executive Committee also highlighted the report of the Women's Advisory Council appointed by EC President Frank S. Page in January 2016.
Florida CP gift
The Florida convention's gift to the Cooperative Program was 51 percent of $6.15 million received from the sale of the former Baptist Building in downtown Jacksonville, which was completed June 7.
The 51 percent allocation is in keeping with the convention's CP budget that sends 51 percent to the Cooperative Program and retains 49 percent for Florida Baptist ministries.
“This gift is over and above our regular CP giving and specific to the sale of this property,” Green, the Florida convention's executive director, said to the applause of messengers.
Green noted that the pastors on the platform “represent our Florida Baptist family, among many who are seated in the convention center. Florida Baptists enthusiastically in 2015 made a strategic decision concerning the division of Cooperative Program dollars given in our state.”
Prior to 2015, Florida had retained 59 percent of CP gifts in the state. The 2015 decision “led to a paradigm shift which changed our CP formula to releasing 51 percent to the SBC CP and retaining 49 percent of CP dollars in Florida.”
Green was named as Florida's state exec in 2015 and immediately began the process of shifting more funds to the SBC.
“This decision of sending more than we keep of CP dollars from our churches has resulted in a reversal of a decade-long decline in CP dollars in Florida,” Green told messengers.
“We are now trending upward and rejoice in a $3 million increase from Florida Baptist churches to the SBC CP this past year,” he said. “Florida Baptist ministries continue at a high level, and we are grateful to report a 4.5 percent increase in baptisms through Florida Baptist churches this past year.
“Our prayer is that God will multiply these dollars in taking the Good News of Jesus Christ to the ends of the earth.”
Acknowledging the gift, Page said the funds will “go straight into the mission field” and expressed appreciation to Florida Baptists on “behalf of all Southern Baptists and the sake of the gospel.”
The money retained in Florida provided $2.3 million for the purchase of a 28,568-square-foot convention building in south Jacksonville; $700,000 to endow the John Sullivan Chair of Baptist History at the Baptist College of Florida; and $13,500 for ministry in the state.
Jim Wells recognition
Photo by Marc Ira Hooks
Frank S. Page, president and CEO of the SBC Executive Committee, gives the EC report to messengers June 13 at the Phoenix Convention Center.
Wells, who was unable to attend the convention, was honored by messengers with a resolution of appreciation for his 15 years of service.
“He had hoped against hope to be here to conclude his service in Phoenix,” Page told messengers, noting that the 2003 SBC annual meeting in Phoenix marked Wells' first year in the position.
Page read one of the resolution's clauses to messengers: that Wells “has fought a long and courageous battle with cancer ... that though the doctor has said he had only a few days left on this earth, he was ‘confident in these final hours that God is in control,' that he is ‘looking forward to a day when we will worship at the feet of Jesus together' and that he intends to devote his time remaining to ‘praying for the lost.'”
Wells most recently had been the Missouri Baptist Convention's strategic partners catalyst after serving as director of missions for the Tri-County Baptist Association and pastor of nine churches in nearly 50 years of ministry.
Page, in a prayer, said, “... we plead Your mercy upon our brother in Christ and his dear wife Judy. Thank You for their service over these years. We pray in Jesus' name that as the master physician You would visit him powerfully and closely. We love him and Judy. We lift them to your throne today.”
Building sale process
Messengers approved a process for the sale of the SBC Building in Nashville in the event of a favorable offer being received. Acting on a recommendation by the Executive Committee, messengers authorized it “to continue studying the advisability of a sale of the SBC Building, and to sell the property upon such terms and conditions, and at such a time, if any, as the Executive Committee may hereafter approve.”
Should a sale occur, various costs such as the current feasibility study would be deducted from the proceeds, which would then be distributed according to agreed-upon percentages based on those in place when the building opened in the mid-1980s:
The EC would have a 56 percent share, including the original interests of the former Education Commission and Stewardship Commission which were closed as part of the 1990s Covenant for a New Century SBC reorganization.
The Council of Seminary Presidents would have a 26 percent share, encompassing the original interests of the former Historical Commission, which also was closed in the SBC reorganization, and Seminary Extension. The Southern Baptist Historical Library and Archives is now operated by the seminary presidents council.
The ERLC would have a 14 percent share, reflecting the original interest of the former Christian Life Commission.
The Southern Baptist Foundation would have a 4 percent share.
Women's Advisory Council
Photo by Daniel Woodman
Rhonda Kelley, left center, professor of Women's Ministry at Leavell College and director of Women's Ministry Programs at New Orleans Baptist Theological Seminary, presents the Women's Advisory Council Report to Frank S. Page, president and CEO of the Executive Committee of the Southern Baptist Convention. Kelley served as the chair of the council composed of 18 women from 14 states representing different age groups, stages of life, ethnic backgrounds and ministry positions. The report contains specific recommendations on ministries, training, and resources provided for Southern Baptist women.
Page recognized the work of the Women's Advisory Council, which he appointed two years ago to address his conviction that women were under-involved in SBC processes. Women, Page said, make up 52-53 percent of the entire Southern Baptist population.
“God gifts women according to His biblical roles, but those gifts that He has given them must be utilized in His Kingdom,” Page said. “We know women can minister so beautifully to each other, and we wanted to find a way to find out what were the best practices and just encourage women in their involvement of ministry to each other and in the Kingdom of God.”
The Women's Advisory Council, chaired by Rhonda Kelley of New Orleans Baptist Theological Seminary, presented its report to Page June 12 at the Many Faces of the SBC booth in the exhibit hall. Page said the report, which includes the council's findings, suggestions and action steps, would be posted online at sbc.net for all Southern Baptists to read and “to hold us accountable for the implementation of these suggestions.”
Page noted that the Women's Advisory Council is one of several councils he began appointing on his second day in his role as EC president, each one representing a subset of people in the convention who may not have been “as involved and connected as we would wish.”
These groups “have been precious persons with whom to work,” Page said, adding that he had met with Native American, African American, Asian American, Hispanic and Latino leaders since he has been in Phoenix for the annual meeting.
Cooperative Program allocation
Messengers also approved a 2017-2018 Cooperative Program Allocation Budget of $192,000,000.
The budget maintains current allocations to the convention's ministries, including 50.41 percent of receipts to the International Mission Board (IMB) and 22.79 percent to the North American Mission Board, for a total of 73.20 percent allocated for world missions ministries.
The convention's six seminaries will receive 22.16 percent. The seminary enrollment formula for funding will be: Gateway Seminary, 2.11 percent; Midwestern Seminary, 2.93 percent; New Orleans Seminary, 3.72 percent; Southeastern Seminary, 4.03 percent; Southern Seminary, 5.17 percent; Southwestern Seminary, 3.96 percent; and .24 percent to the Southern Baptist Historical Library and Archives, a ministry overseen by the seminary presidents. (Cumulative numbers may not match the sum of individual seminary percentages due to rounding.)
The budget designates 1.65 percent to the Ethics & Religious Liberty Commission. The SBC Operating Budget, the only CP-funded facilitating ministry, encompassing SBC annual meeting costs and the work of the Executive Committee, will receive 2.99 percent of the budget.
Additionally, messengers amended the formula for distributing any overage of gifts above the CP Allocation Budget to increase the IMB's portion from 51 percent to 53.4 percent and decrease the SBC Operating Budget portion from 2.4 percent to 0 percent.
An SBC Operating Budget of $7,450,000 for the 2017-2018 fiscal year also was approved by messengers.
Executive Committee recommendations
Messengers approved several additional recommendations from the Executive Committee, including:
– providing representation to four states or territories on the Executive Committee.
The four areas were granted EC representation although they do not have the number of church members stipulated by SBC Bylaw 30.
The recommendation amended Bylaw 18 to list the Dakotas, Iowa, Minnesota-Wisconsin and Montana as each being entitled to a single representative on the Executive Committee. All other states and defined territories have EC representation.
– selection of three cities for upcoming SBC annual meetings – Salt Lake City in 2025, which was the site of the SBC's 1998 meeting; Orlando, Fla., site of the 1994 and 2000 annual meetings; and Indianapolis, site of the 1992, 2004 and 2008 annual meetings.
– streamlining the SBC Business and Financial Plan's Section XIX, now titled “Publishing and Merchandising Policy,” to read in part: “All entities of the Convention should give priority to using the services of LifeWay Christian Resources for editing, publishing and distributing published materials that are to be sold. Entities may publish their own materials in print or digital form promoting their assigned ministries.”
– authorizing the International Mission Board to move to an Oct. 1-Sept. 30 fiscal year, responding to an IMB trustee request that would enable the mission board “to conduct their finances more efficiently and more effectively evaluate and project the Lottie Moon Christmas Offering.” The Executive Committee, LifeWay Christian Resources and North American Mission Board utilizes an Oct. 1-Sept. 30 fiscal year, while GuideStone Financial Resources utilizes the calendar year and the six SBC seminaries utilize an Aug. 1-July 31 fiscal year.
– adopted a 2021-2022 SBC Calendar of Activities along with several amendments to the calendars from 2017-2018 through 2020-2021.
When all of the recommendations had been presented, a messenger asked the Executive Committee to consider providing “some form of explanation on each of them ... so that the messengers would be better informed on making the decisions to approve or disapprove.”
SBC President Steve Gaines responded, “We will receive that as a recommendation to the Executive Committee, as a request.”
EC President Frank Page also addressed the messenger's request, saying to the convention, “As you've dealt with these issues, please remember that we hold your trust tightly and we cherish it. This is a deliberative body, the largest openly deliberative body that still exists. But know that the Executive Committee also deliberates carefully at multiple levels dealing with each of the issues before they're ever presented to you, from small groups to medium size [groups] to the large plenary sessions. Our Executive Committee members are not rubber-stampers. They ask questions, they deliberate, they discuss and sometimes disagree. So know that we hold your trust carefully and we count it to be precious.”
(EDITOR'S NOTE – Barbara Denman is director of communications for the Florida Baptist Convention; Art Toalston is senior editor of Baptist Press; Erin Roach is a writer based in Nashville.)
Adventist Health Castle Medical Center has scheduled a series of interviews on medical topics. During these interviews, you can find out the difference between a neurosurgeon and an orthopedic surgeon, when it may be necessary to have spine surgery , if there is a minimally invasive procedure for it and more.
Dr. William Beringer, director of neurosurgery, who specializes in spine surgery, came into Sunrise and has more details.
Copyright 2017. Hawaii News Now. All Rights Reserved.
Posted by admin on February 15, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
The hate crime involving the murder of a migrant laborer named Mohammed Afrazul, 47, has garnered national attention. Afrazul was from Malda in West Bengal; he was hacked and then burnt alive in Rajasthan over an alleged affair. The accused made his nephew film the killing and then went on to rant about love jihad and Islam. After the video of the attack was uploaded on social media, it got widespread condemnation from leaders of several political parties. The accused and his nephew were taken into custody.
Mohammed Afrazul's brutal killing in Rajasthan should shame us all; if the sickening hate behind it does not disturb our conscience, nothing will. For a moment, let's forget our political differences, and think of humanity alone. Where are we headed? — Sanjay Jha (@JhaSanjay) December 11, 2017
We strongly condemn the heinous killing of a labourer from Bengal in Rajasthan. How can people be so inhuman. Sad — Mamata Banerjee (@MamataOfficial) December 7, 2017
Not being able to finish school, Afrazul chose to move to Rajasthan along with his father and a few others from his village in West Bengal. He worked as a daily wage laborer saving money to get his siblings educated and pay for their weddings; his elder brother referring to him as the ‘hero of the family'.
An ex-gratia amount of 5 lakh will be given to the family of Afrazul. He leaves behind his wife and three daughters. The family plans to the Kolkata High court in hopes of transferring the case to West Bengal as they are afraid of their safety in Rajasthan.
The investigation is on-going but the political implications especially when it comes to religion can be inflammatory as The Hindu editorial points out; cases like these should be swiftly prosecuted and explicitly denounced –
”.
”.
”.
This is the fourth such hate crime in Rajasthan in nine months. However, the recent pattern is not new and has spanned over years. This time the alleged motive was love jihad, before it was killing a meat seller; the patter proves a disturbing series of hate crimes in the state.
In 2015, Abdul Ghaffar Qureshi, owner of a meat shop was lynched by a mob of angry villagers assuming he might start selling beef. In April of this year, Pehlu Khan, a dairy farmer accused of smuggling cattle, was killed by a mob on the national highway in Rajasthan's Alwar district. In early November, the body of Ummar Khan, a dairy farmer was found on the railway tracks after he was taking cows in a pick-up truck to his village after purchasing them.
All India Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen (AIMIM) president and Hyderabad MP Asaduddin Owaisi criticized the Prime Minister for his silence on the killing, saying that Modi only comments on ‘mandir and masjid' issues. The Indian Express editorial stated that the Rajasthan government is complicit for fostering an enabling climate for vigilantism and hate crimes –
”.
”.
”.
Earlier this year, Rajasthan Chief Minister Vasundhara Raje, in an op-ed for the Times of India vehemently defended her party stating that the notion that anybody or any political party supports lynching is prejudice. She claimed that a “false narrative about mob violence being driven by political blessings”. This time, she condemned the crime saying, “This is a deplorable act which needs to be condemned in the strongest possible terms”.
Days after the incident, the murder of Mohammed Afrazul is being hailed in messages doing the rounds of some WhatsApp groups locally, including one in which BJP MP from Rajsamand Hariom Singh Rathore and MLA Kiran Maheshwari are members. The group was created by Prem Mali who claims to be BJP worker.
The Times of India editorial pointed out the ideology at work when one person thinks religious superiority trumps the law-
”.
”.
The pattern emerging over the past year in Rajasthan is troubling. Certain sections, whether they are the fringe or aren't, feel entitled to carry out murders against Muslims; for selling meat or marrying a person of another religion, in most cases someone who is Hindu.
Religious tension is nothing new, and there have been worse occurrences in the past. The past year or two however have shown in stark detail how isolated incidents happening in fairly regular frequencies are furthering the divide.
During a protest following the murder, Delhi University professor said in part, “It is incumbent upon Hindus now to choose various platforms in their capacities to say you can't murder Muslims in our name”.
When presidential transition officials recently reviewed NASA's existing plans for using its Space Launch System rocket and Orion spacecraft, they were not particularly impressed with the agency's stretched-out timelines. Under NASA's current plan, an initial crewed launch of the new vehicles was unlikely to occur before 2021, and independent analyses pegged 2023 as a more realistic target. That would put the first crewed flight into deep space beyond the first term of President Trump.
In response to these concerns, top-level NASA managers have been considering the possibility of launching crew on the maiden flight of the Space Launch System, known as Exploration Mission-1 (EM-1), instead of making an uncrewed test flight of the rocket as presently planned. Although this would delay the initial launch of the SLS rocket from 2018 to at least 2019 or 2020, it would also add more sizzle by bringing crew to the mix.
Further Reading How I learned to stop worrying and love the big $60B NASA rocket With such a mission, astronauts would likely fly around the Moon as happened with the historic Apollo 8 flight in 1968. As one senior NASA manager recently explained to Ars, imagine the message NASA could send if, on the 50th anniversary of the Apollo landings in 1969, it was once again sending humans back into deep space with its new rocket and spacecraft. NASA would seem to be fulfilling its promise to America of getting back into the business of exploring deep space with humans.
Now these secretive plans have spilled out into the open. On Wednesday, acting NASA administrator Robert Lightfoot sent a memo to the agency workforce saying such an option would now be studied. "I have asked Bill Gerstenmaier to initiate a study to assess the feasibility of adding a crew to Exploration Mission-1, the first integrated flight of SLS and Orion," he wrote. "I know the challenges associated with such a proposition, like reviewing the technical feasibility, additional resources needed, and clearly the extra work would require a different launch date. That said, I also want to hear about the opportunities it could present to accelerate the effort of the first crewed flight and what it would take to accomplish that first step of pushing humans farther into space."
Big questions
Such an initiative comes with major questions for NASA. First of all, would risk evaluators sign off on launching astronauts on the massive SLS rocket without an uncrewed test flight in advance? (The agency has done so before, launching John Young and Robert Crippen on the first space shuttle mission without an uncrewed test flight). The second major question is whether the Orion spacecraft would be ready for such a mission. NASA engineers at Johnson Space Center have been designing the vehicle for an uncrewed EM-1, without some key life-support systems.
But one engineer at the Houston space center said it is likely that, with additional funding, Orion could be made ready. Some of the systems, such as carbon dioxide removal systems, might have to rely on a more rudimentary canister system rather than a final design, but the older technologies have been proven out in past missions. "If we started with EM-1 and added only what we needed, I don't see why it wouldn't work," the engineer told Ars.
Further Reading NASA realizes SLS and Orion are too expensive, opens door to competitors The politics of all this remains murky, as well. The notion of a crewed EM-1 flight may be part of a plan by Lightfoot to increase the chance that the new administration continues funding support for development of the SLS rocket and Orion spacecraft. As Lightfoot is well aware, there are factions within the Trump administration urging the president to fully embrace the commercialization of the space agency, along with the promise of less expensive rockets and capsules being developed by the private space industry. A greater focus on commercial spaceflight might reduce funding—or eliminate it altogether—for the more expensive government vehicles.
For now, it will be up to Gerstenmaier, the head of NASA's human spaceflight operations, to study the question of timelines, cost, and crew safety. The survival of his cherished SLS and Orion programs may well depend on the extent to which he is willing to set some of his usual caution aside.
HOUSTON – A Google mix-up has the phones ringing non-stop for a 90-year-old man who's address is listed as a local charity.
Leo Landry doesn't have a computer and really only knows about Google because of their reputation. Every day he gets around three phone calls from people looking for The Society of St. Vincent De Paul.
It would take years before someone would explain to Landry where the confusion was.
“They see St. Vincent De Paul on Google and they dial the number which is my telephone number,” Landry said.
On their official website SVDP claims to help people get back on their feet, offering “short-term financial, material and emotional support.”
After what the city of Houston experienced in the past year, you can probably imagine why the phone hasn't stopped ringing.
Granted there are several other locations listed as well for the charity, but last week, the calls went from annoying to dangerous.
“One man called me for help, he was thinking it was SVDP. He was talking and I told him he had the wrong number,” Landry said.
There was a bit of a language barrier, but what Landry didn't expect was this same man using the address online to show up at his doorstep.
“That's the scary part,” Landry said.
For a 90-year-old man, living alone is tough enough. Our meeting was the first time he saw the Google page with his address for himself.
As it turns out, Landry is no stranger to the non-profit charity where he volunteers once a week. Problem is, they didn't know what to do either.
Fearing he was running out of options, Landry saw something on KHOU promoting interaction with viewers. He decided to call and while I'm no expert, this was about offering some peace of mind.
We noticed a link under the address on Google Maps, where you can “suggest an edit” to what you see. Click the link and again another prompt offers you the chance to claim the address as a “private place or home.”
We sent two suggestions to Google, with no immediate solution. Now it's a waiting game.
One Leo has no intentions on losing.
© 2018 KHOU
HARRISBURG, PA — Liddleholme Resur Lu-Red-ET, exhibited by Anthony Liddle, Argyle, NY, was named Supreme Champion and Supreme Champion Bred and Owned to conclude the 2017 All-American Dairy Show on Thursday, Sept. 21, at the Pennsylvania Farm Show Complex and Expo Center in Harrisburg.
Resur Lu, scored EX-95 2E, is in her sixth lactation and has a lifetime milk production of 138,000 lbs. Prior to winning the All-American Holstein Show, she was named Reserve Grand Champion at the 2017 New York State Fair.
Supreme Champion Heifer was the Holstein spring yearling Campbell-Run GChip Amelia, exhibited by Sarah Campbell, Ford City, Armstrong Co. The win added to her impressive young show career of multiple junior championships.
Judges from the week's shows jointly selected the supreme champions.
Other All-American Grand Champions were:
Ayrshire – Hawvercrest Etgen Sizzle, exhibited by Kurt Wolf of Epworth, Iowa.
Guernsey – Knapps Hillpoint MB Fame TIA-ET, exhibited by Morey Miller of Granby, CT.
Jersey – MB Lucky Lady Feliz Navidad-ET exhibited by Rivendale Farms of Pittsburgh, LLC, Bulgar, Washington Co.
Milking Shorthorn – Kuszmar Arkansas Mud exhibited by Steven Kuszlyk of Batavia, NY.
Brown Swiss – Peach Kist Total Tango ET exhibited by Lindsey Rucks of Okeechobee, FL.
Red & White – Pheasant Echos Turvy-RED-ET exhibited by Kenny Stambaugh of Westminster, MD.
The six other Junior Champions were:
Ayrshire – Old-N-Lazy Gentle Wipeout-ET exhibited by Peter Vail and Mike Hillenbrand of Gettysburg, Adams Co.
Guernsey – Knapps Kringle Tappy-ET exhibited by Landree Fraley of Muncy, Lycoming Co.
Jersey – Woodmohr Gentry Gin-ET exhibited by Robert Nagel, Panama, NY.
Milking Shorthorn – KnH Endres Zeus Legendary exhibited by Tyler Endres of Lodi, WI.
Red & White – Entourage-LC Felicia-Red-ET exhibited by Madison, Michael, and Heath Fisher of Claysburg, Blair Co.
Brown Swiss – Top Acres Braiden Wiza ET, exhibited by Lindsey Rucks, Okeecholbee, FL.
Best Bred and Owned animals (many of which were also grand champions) were:
Guernsey – Milborne HP Kringle Tara, exhibited by Morey Miller, Granby, CT.
Jersey – Reich-Dale Vaden Strollin exhibited by Hayden Reichard, Chambersburg, Franklin Co.
Milking Shorthorn – Kuszmar Arkansas Mud, exhibited by Steven Kuszlyk, Batavia, NY.
Red & White – Pheasant Echos Turvy-RED-ET exhibited by Kenny Stambaugh of Westminster, MD.
Holstein – Liddleholme Resur Lu-Red-ET, exhibited by Anthony Liddle, Argyle, NY.
Brown Swiss – Peach Kist Total Tango ET exhibited by Lindsey Rucks of Okeechobee, FL.
Aryshire – Sunny Acres Riggins Ginger, exhibited by Gregory Evans, Georgetown, NY.
The All-American Dairy Show features 22 shows in six days, in addition to the nation's only all-dairy antiques show. Last year's show featured nearly 3,000 animals and 1,500 exhibitors from around the country.
For more information, visit www.allamerican.pa.gov, email aads@pa.gov, or call 717-787-2905
Large crowds of people were entertained by the Monkseaton Morris Men on New Year's Day.
The traditional performances started at noon outside the Ship Inn.
The traditional New Years Day performance by the Monkseaton Morris Men outside the Ship Inn.
As the afternoon went on, dances also took place inside the Ship Inn, Black Horse, Monkseaton Arms and Left Luggage Room.
Monkseaton Morris Men and Folk Dance Club has been performing for more than 60 years, entertaining the public with traditional Morris and Country dances.
Over the years, its members have proudly supported local and national charities – including the RVI Children's Cancer charity and BBC Children in Need.
It is always looking for new members and the first practice night of 2017 will take place on January 9.
The doctor arrives in the traditional New Years Day performance by the Monkseaton Morris Men.
Practice nights are held on Mondays at the 21st Whitley Bay Scout Hut from 8pm to 10pm.
For more information about them, or if you would like the club to perform at your event, call Andrew Morris on 07503 178696 or email andrew.morris50@googlemail.com
JUPITER, Fla. -- Dec. 11, 2017 -- During infection or tumor growth, a type of specialized white blood cells called CD8+ T cells rapidly multiply within the spleen and lymph nodes and acquire the ability to kill diseased cells. Some of these killer T cells then migrate where required to vanquish the germs or cancers.
But how do killer T cells "learn" to leave their home base and amass within specific tissues like the skin, gut, and lung, or solid tumors? Finding the factors that cause T cells to function beyond the lymphoid system and in sites of infection or cancer has proven a tough challenge, but it's essential for developing cancer-fighting immunotherapy strategies.
Writing in the journal Nature, researchers from The Scripps Research Institute and the University of California, San Diego report the discovery that a protein called "Runx3" programs killer T cells to establish residence in tumors and infection sites.
"Runx3 works on chromosomes inside killer T cells to program genes in way that enables the T cells to accumulate in a solid tumor," said Matthew Pipkin, Ph.D., associate professor in the Department of Immunology and Microbiology on the Florida campus of The Scripps Research Institute.
The paper, "Runx3 programs CD8+ T cell residency in non-lymphoid tissues and tumors," appears in Nature's Dec. 14 issue.
There are two main strategies in cancer immunotherapy that employ killer T cells, Pipkin said. Checkpoint inhibitor blockade unleashes killer T cells, prompting them to accumulate in tumors more aggressively. Adoptive cell transfer, meanwhile, involves re-infusing a patient's own immune cells after they have been engineered in the lab to recognize and destroy the patient's specific cancer.
The adoptive cell transfer strategy has worked stunningly well in some blood cancers associated with the lymphoid system, so far. But there appears to be less efficient activity of T cells in solid tumors, Pipkin said.
"The gene programs and signals for how the T cells take up residence in tissues outside of the general circulation was not really well understood," Pipkin said.
To discover factors that control T cell residency beyond the lymphoid system, Pipkin's team worked collaboratively with the laboratory of UC San Diego's Ananda Goldrath, who compared the gene expression of CD8+ T cells found in non-lymphoid tissue to those found in the general circulation. From a list of potential factors, they employed an RNA interference screening strategy which can test the actual function of thousands of factors simultaneously. Pipkin's lab had developed the screening strategy in collaboration with Shane Crotty at the La Jolla Institute for Allergy and Immunology.
"We found a distinct pattern," Pipkin said. "The screens showed that Runx3 is one at the top of a list of regulators essential for T cells to reside in nonlymphoid tissues." Moreover, Runx3 was able to engage a specific gene program that is found in natural tissue-resident and tumor infiltrating CD8+ T cells, he said.
The group further assessed whether Runx3 had a role in directing white blood cells that attack solid tumors in mouse melanoma models. They found that adoptive cell transfer of cancer-specific killer T cells that overexpressed Runx3 delayed tumor growth and prolonged survival, while mouse models treated with those lacking Runx3 fared much worse than normal.
"If we enhance Runx3 activity in the cells, the tumors are significantly smaller and there is greater survival compared to the control group," Pipkin said.
Knowing that modulating Runx3 activity in T cells influences their ability to reside in solid tumors opens new opportunities for improving cancer immunotherapy, Pipkin said.
"The upshot is we could probably use Runx3 to reprogram adoptively transferred cells to help drive them to amass in solid tumors," he said. He added that a collaboration of specialists energized the research. "It was a fantastic collaboration, it all came together very quickly," Pipkin said.
###
In addition to Pipkin, Adam Getzler and Dapeng Wang of TSRI, lead author Justin Milner, and Goldrath of UCSD, the co-authors of "Runx3 programs CD8+ T cell residency in non-lymphoid tissues and tumors," include Clara Toma, Bingfei Yu, Kai Zhang, Kyla Omilusik, Anthony Phan, Toan Nguyen, Wei Wang and Shane Crotty.
The research was supported by Frenchman's Creek Women for Cancer Research (D.W.) and UCSD Molecular Biology Cancer Fellowship (J.J.M.), the National Institutes of Health U19AI109976 (S.C., M.E.P., A.W.G) and R01AI095634 (M.E.P.), California Institute for Regenerative Medicine RB5-07012 (W.W.), the Kimmelman Family Foundation and the San Diego Center for Precision Immunotherapy (A.W.G.).
About The Scripps Research Institute
CARSON, California (AP) — Seattle Seahawks defensive end Michael Bennett plans to sit during the national anthem this season to protest social injustice — and expects a backlash over an issue that is “bigger than a sport.”
He sat on the visiting bench during “The Star-Spangled Banner” before a preseason opener against the Los Angeles Chargers, a decision he made before weekend protests by white supremacists at the University of Virginia.
The violence in Charlottesville, Virginia, including the death of a young woman struck by a car deliberately driven into a group of counter-protesters Saturday, solidified Bennett's decision.
“With everything that's been going on the last couple of months and especially after the last couple of days, seeing everything in Virginia, seeing what's going on out there earlier today in Seattle, I just wanted to be able to use my platform to be able to continue to speak over injustice,” Bennett said.
“First of all, I want people to understand I love the military. My father was in the military. I love hot dogs like any other American. I love football like any other American, but I don't love segregation,” he added. “I don't love riots. I don't love oppression. I don't love to gender slander. I just want to see people have the equality that they deserve, and I want to be able to use this platform to continuously push the message of that, you know, and keep journeying out and keep finding out how unselfish can we be as a society.”
Bennett was at least the third prominent NFL player to protest during the anthem in the first full week of preseason games. Oakland Raiders running back Marshawn Lynch, a former teammate of Bennett's in Seattle, also sat. Los Angeles Rams defensive end Robert Quinn raised his right fist, continuing his approach from last season following then-San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick's decision to kneel during the anthem.
Kaepernick is a free agent, and the fallout from his protest has not abated, even as he remains unsigned.
Bennett is willing to deal with similar consequences.
“Of course, I'm going to face backlash,” he said. “This is bigger than me. This is bigger than football. This is bigger than anything that we have. This is about people. This is about bringing opportunities to people, giving people equality. This is bigger than a sport.”
Bennett said he had spoken with several other NFL players about possible protests, but had not talked with Lynch yet. While he acknowledged the possibility of more widespread and organized protests, Bennett wanted to express himself.
“I think everybody has a time where they feel like they need to be who they are and stand up for what they believe in,” Bennett said.
Seahawks coach Pete Carroll did not have a response to Bennett's actions, saying he became aware of it only after the game.
Bennett said the aim of his protest is to make people uncomfortable. In the process, he hopes to spur greater communication, understanding and involvement across racial, gender and socio-economic lines.
“Everyone is in their comfort zone right now,” Bennett said. “Get out there and become uncomfortable. Go out there and see what it's like out there in society right now.”
The recent eruptions at Kilauea's east rift zone have been producing some awe-inspiring geological phenomena, and the latest one to come to light: fine strands of volcanic glass, also known as Pele's hair.
The recent eruptions at Kilauea's east rift zone have been producing some awe-inspiring geological phenomena, and the latest one to come to light: fine strands of volcanic glass, also known as Pele's hair.
We will get through this. Together. That was Big Island Mayor Harry Kim's message on Tuesday night to hundreds of Puna residents impacted by ongoing volcanic eruptions.
We will get through this. Together. That was Big Island Mayor Harry Kim's message on Tuesday night to hundreds of Puna residents impacted by ongoing volcanic eruptions.
Big Island Mayor Harry Kim tried to console a community at a meeting Tuesday night in Pahoa. (Image: Hawaii News Now)
Big Island Mayor Harry Kim tried to console a community at a meeting Tuesday night in Pahoa. (Image: Hawaii News Now)
Big Island Mayor Harry Kim tried to console a community at a meeting Tuesday night in Pahoa. (Image: Hawaii News Now)
Big Island Mayor Harry Kim tried to console a community at a meeting Tuesday night in Pahoa. (Image: Hawaii News Now)
Mayor tells residents in lava-ravaged lower Puna: We'll get through this
Mayor tells residents in lava-ravaged lower Puna: We'll get through this
The eruptions just keep going in lower Puna, where the first fissure opened on May 3. (Image: USGS)
Nearly four weeks after eruptions started in lower Puna, lava has wiped out at least 75 homes, active flows continue to cover major thoroughfares and threaten properties, fountains spewing from the ground are topping 200 feet — and the volcanic activity still shows no signs of stopping.
Early Wednesday, residents in the Kapoho area — where there are about 500 homes — were urged to evacuate as a fast-moving lava flow near Highway 132 picked up speed and advanced toward the area.
The flow is threatening to cut off Beach Road at Four Corners, the only remaining access point out of the area after lava covered Highway 132 on Tuesday.
"If the lava cuts at Four Corners, there's literally no way to get in. It's done," said Steven Neill, a Kapoho evacuee. "Until it quits and they bulldoze a new road, which they will."
Officials said Wednesday afternoon that Beach Road could be impassable within hours.
Arthur Wierzchos who was helping neighbors evacuate on Wednesday said there are so many unknowns.
"A lot going on. A lot happening at once. And it's hard to process it all. And especially when you have so many attachments that are still in those areas and big flows surging their way over," he said.
Geologists say the intensity of the lava from Fissure no. 8 is unlike anything they have ever experienced or imagined seeing in the middle of a residential community.
"This is the hottest lava we've seen during this eruption," said Wendy Stovall, of the U.S. Geological Survey. "Lava can't get hotter than where we are."
Meanwhile, another fissure — no. 18 — was producing a lava flow that was moving downslope at a rate of 100 yards per hour. That one was less than a half a mile away from Highway 137, the U.S. Geological Survey said.
All the activity comes as weary lower Puna residents grapple with a disaster that's upended their lives, forcing from their homes and leaving them wondering how long the disaster will last.
On Tuesday, Mayor Harry Kim sought to console residents, telling them that the community would get through this — together.
"We will be alright," Kim said, speaking in the cadence of a minister at times as he addressed a crowded cafeteria at Pahoa High
"But we need to join hands to be all right and help each other. Nature is taking its course and this is our job. Our job is to recognize that. Stay out of harm's way and help each other through this adjustment."
On Wednesday, authorities said:
Fissure no. 8 continues to be the most active, creating lava fountains as high as a 20-story building.
At least three other outbreaks also remain active.
Overnight, flow rates were at about 600 yards an hour. But they slowed considerable during the day, to about 45 yards an hour.
Active eruptions, including fountains, are sending Pele's hair (thin strands of volcanic glass) and volcanic emissions downwind.
In addition to vigorous eruptions, authorities are concerned about worsening ground cracking, air quality issues, ashfall in communities downwind of Kilauea's summit, and lava threatening key thoroughfares, something that could spur additional evacuations.
Leilani Estates and Lanipuna Gardens subdivisions — home to about 2,000 — have been under mandatory evacuation orders since May 3. But civil defense authorities have acknowledged that dozens of residents remain.
Meanwhile, lava continues to cascade into the ocean in lower Puna near MacKenzie State Park, creating plumes of "laze" — clouds of gas and shards of glass — that could force nearby residents to evacuate at a moment's notice.
As thousands of evacuees grow increasingly concerned about what the future holds, geologists say there's no way to tell when the volcanic activity will end. About 300 people are staying at three American Red Cross emergency shelters, while hundreds more are staying with friends and family.
Authorities continue to urge residents in lower Puna to be prepared to flee quickly, either because of the risk of lava flows or higher levels of sulfur dioxide.
A presidential disaster declaration has been issued for the ongoing Kilauea eruptions, which authorities have compared to months-long volcanic activity in February 1955, in which at least 24 separate volcanic vents opened up and lava covered about 3,900 acres over a period of 88 days.
This story will be updated.
Copyright 2018 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
Longshot & Lazerbeak's new video, we're “Here For A Reason”
Lazerbeak (left) and Longshot (right). Photo by Graham Gardner.
Sponsor
Sponsor
Longshot & Lazerbeak's “Here For A Reason” was filmed in downtown Minneapolis, but it's set in a whole other plane. One where green squiggles dash off from our movements; one where bricks go aquamarine as we walk by, a little like the tiles in “Billie Jean.” One where an invisible hand spraypaints the Sydney Prince mural onto a passing bus.
“Here For A Reason” is the second single from Parades, the collaborative album from the Doomtree producer and Chicago-Minneapolis emcee. “Longshot and I met years back when he would come through town on tour with Psalm One,” Lazerbeak writes on the Doomtree blog. “I've been kicking him beat tapes for various solo projects ever since, and we slowly started compiling a vault of tracks over time.” Parade drops June 8, and if you like bonus tracks and supporting independent music, you can pre-order it right here. The release party goes down at First Avenue on July 4.
Parades isn't the first Minneapolis collaboration Longshot has worked on. After winning a Rhymesayers remix contest, he moved from Chicago to Minneapolis around 2009. He and Dem Atlas released “No Matter What” in 2015. His 2016 album Struggle Music includes features from Minnesota folks Desdamona, Toki Wright, Haphduzn, Brian Just, and Jeremy Nutzman (aka Velvet Negroni).
Back to those computer-animated flourishes: for one thing, they just look cool. But on another level, as an iridescent stream trails behind Longshot, it prompts the idea that we do affect the world around us. “We all are here for a reason,” Longshot sings.
This video was directed by Phantom Sloth, aka Adam Dunn.
According to a new research report published by Transparency Market Research (TMR), the global advanced driver assistance system (ADAS) market is projected to reach US$50.48 billion in 2020. TMR states that the market, having a valuation of US$14.80 billion in 2013, will display an impressive 19.2% CAGR between 2014 and 2020.
The report, titled “Advanced Driver Assistance Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast, 2013 – 2020”, is available for sale on the company website.Worldwide, increasing disposable incomes are boosting demand for sophisticated automobiles, which will lead to significant growth of the automotive sector. In developed countries such as the U.S, the U.K., and Japan, increasing emphasis on safety pertaining to automobiles stands as a key factor driving the ADAS market.
In recent years, increasing importance of consumer safety and installation of ADAS in low-cost cars is also aiding the growth of this market. With the rising geriatric population worldwide and changing family structures, there is surging demand for comfort driving that employs the latest technology.
ADAS technologies assist everyday driving tasks by reducing the demands on the driver and adding comfort, which helps enhance luxury and comfort, complementing safety with these benefits.However, production complexities and cost pressures associated with environmental factors that affect the system's performance hinder the growth of the global ADAS market, states the report.
Get A Brochure Of Report https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=2914
Adaptive cruise control registered as the largest segment of the market, accounting for 18.15% of the overall market in 2013. However, the tire pressure monitoring system segment is anticipated to witness the fastest growth, at a CAGR of 21.1% from 2014 to 2020. Additionally, drastic and rapid economic reforms and mandatory legislations all over the globe will spur the growth of the market in coming years.
In 2013, North America held the largest share of the global ADAS market. This was mainly due to strict safety and environmental regulations and favorable consumer preference to own advanced vehicles with the latest technology. Consumers in the region are inclined towards owning automobiles with advanced comfort systems and equipped with features that are compliant with health and safety regulations imposed by the government.
Make An Enquiry https://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=2914
The ADAS market in the U.S. and Europe has a huge potential due to mandatory implementation of certain ADAS features in the automotive sector by regulatory agencies. For instance, the advanced driver assistance system characteristics like pedestrian protection and tire pressure monitoring system will be compulsory in Russia in coming years. However, Asia Pacific is expected to exhibit the fastest growth, at a CAGR of 20.5% from 2014 to 2020.
Increasing vehicle demand, growing purchasing power, and changing buyer preferences are attributed as the major factors propelling the ADAS market in Asia Pacific. In the rest of the world, favorable policies in countries in Latin America and the Middle East and Africa is contributing massively to the growth of the ADAS market. The report profiles some of the key participants in the global advanced driver assistance system market that are Autoliv Inc., Denso, BMW AG, Robert Bosch GmBH, Audi AG, and Continental AG.
Former Mililani Trojan and current starting quarterback for the UCF Knights McKenzie Milton was added to the 2017 Maxwell Award Watch List Friday afternoon.
The Maxwell Award is presented each year to the outstanding collegiate football player in America.
Milton, who ranks seventh in passing efficiency (173.0), ninth in yards per attempt (9.65) and 11th in yards per completion (14.92) in the country, has been off to a fast start this season, leading the Knights to a 3-0 record and a No. 25 ranking.
Averaging 263.7 yards per game while completing 64.4 percent of his passes, Milton has established himself as one of the best young starting quarterbacks in the nation.
Semifinalists for the Maxwell Award will be announced on October 30th and three finalists will be announced November 20th. The winners of the 2017 Maxwell Award will be announced as part of the Home Depot College Football Awards Show on December 7th.
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
CHICAGO (AP) — Go ahead and have that cup of coffee, maybe even several more. New research shows it may boost chances for a longer life, even for those who down at least eight cups daily.
Scroll for more content...
In a study of nearly half-a-million British adults, coffee drinkers had a slightly lower risk of death over 10 years than abstainers.
The apparent longevity boost was seen with instant, ground and decaffeinated, results that echo U.S. research. It's the first large study to suggest a benefit even in people with genetic glitches affecting how their bodies use caffeine.
Overall, coffee drinkers were about 10 percent to 15 percent less likely to die than abstainers during a decade of follow-up. Differences by amount of coffee consumed and genetic variations were minimal.
The results don't prove your coffee pot is a fountain of youth nor are they a reason for abstainers to start drinking coffee, said Alice Lichtenstein, a Tufts University nutrition expert who was not involved in the research. But she said the results reinforce previous research and add additional reassurance for coffee drinkers.
“It's hard to believe that something we enjoy so much could be good for us. Or at least not be bad,” Lichtenstein said.
The study was published Monday in the journal JAMA Internal Medicine.
It's not clear exactly how drinking coffee might affect longevity. Lead author Erikka Loftfield, a researcher at the U.S. National Cancer Institute, said coffee contains more than 1,000 chemical compounds including antioxidants, which help protect cells from damage.
Other studies have suggested that substances in coffee may reduce inflammation and improve how the body uses insulin, which can reduce chances for developing diabetes. Loftfield said efforts to explain the potential longevity benefit are continuing.
The researchers invited 9 million British adults to take part; 498,134 women and men aged 40 to 69 agreed. The low participation rate means those involved may have been healthier than the general U.K. population, the researchers said.
Participants filled out questionnaires about daily coffee consumption, exercise and other habits, and received physical exams including blood tests. Most were coffee drinkers; 154,000 or almost one-third drank two to three cups daily and 10,000 drank at least eight cups daily.
During the next decade, 14,225 participants died, mostly of cancer or heart disease.
Caffeine can cause short-term increases in blood pressure, and some smaller studies have suggested that it might be linked with high blood pressure, especially in people with a genetic variation that causes them to metabolize caffeine slowly.
But coffee drinkers in the U.K. study didn't have higher risks than nondrinkers of dying from heart disease and other blood pressure-related causes. And when all causes of death were combined, even slow caffeine metabolizers had a longevity boost.
As in previous studies, coffee drinkers were more likely than abstainers to drink alcohol and smoke, but the researchers took those factors into account, and coffee drinking seemed to cancel them out.
The research didn't include whether participants drank coffee black or with cream and sugar. But Lichtenstein said loading coffee with extra fat and calories isn't healthy.
___
The Associated Press Health & Science Department receives support from the Howard Hughes Medical Institute's Department of Science Education. The AP is solely responsible for all content.
Turkey's Deputy Prime Minister responsible for Cyprus Affairs Recep Akdag, called on ‘prosecutors' in the north to bring to the justice Turkish Cypriot daily Afrika for publishing an ‘insulting' cartoon depicting a Greek statue urinating on the head of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, it was reported on Monday.
Afrika found itself in hot water after publishing the cartoon, which has originally appeared in a Greek newspaper, last Thursday during the Turkish president's official visit in Athens last week. Afrika posted the cartoon under the title “Through Greek eyes”.
Speaking to Anadolu agency, Akdag condemned the sketch as ‘shameful, dishonourable and vulgar'.
“Those who did this will be asked to answer to the justice. I will personally do my utmost for this immorality on behalf of the Turkish Cypriot people to be punished,” Akdag said.
He said that Afrika and some of its journalists and columnists had published in the past “insulting and offending articles” about the Turkish nation.
Akdag also criticised Afrika and its columnists for lacking ‘national spirit' and for writing not on behalf of the Turkish nation but rather “expressing the voice of the Greek Cypriots”.
“Those who did this should definitely pay the price and be brought before justice,” Akdag said.
This immorality and indecency, he said, was targeted not only against President Erdoğan but also against the entire Turkish nation.
The sketch reportedly drew the ire of representatives of the Turkish ruling Justice and Development Party (AKP) as well as members of the Turkish Cypriot Revival Party, backed by Turkish nationals living in the north, who protested outside Afrika's headquarters and placed a black wreath at the daily's main entrance.
Reactions from politicians in the north varied with some supporting the publication and others condemning it.
Before you go, we thought you'd like these...
The internet apparently has a new "couple" they're swooning over: President Trump's daughter, Ivanka, and Canada's Prime Minister Justin Trudeau. While Ivanka does not have an official position in the White House, she welcomed Trudeau to the United States along with her father. A meeting they sat in on this Monday -- which these photos are from -- was about women in business.
Twitter was on fire with speculation, as some believe Trump appears to be "longing" for Trudeau -- despite both being married to other people. Check out the photos for yourself:
7 PHOTOS Ivanka Trump and Justin Trudeau See Gallery Ivanka Trump and Justin Trudeau Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau sits alongside Ivanka Trump (R), daughter of US President Donald Trump, during a roundtable discussion on women entrepreneurs and business leaders in the Cabinet Room of the White House in Washington, DC, February 13, 2017. / AFP / SAUL LOEB (Photo credit should read SAUL LOEB/AFP/Getty Images) Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau speaks alongside Ivanka Trump, daughter of US President Donald Trump, during a roundtable discussion on women entrepreneurs and business leaders in the Cabinet Room of the White House in Washington, DC, February 13, 2017. / AFP / SAUL LOEB (Photo credit should read SAUL LOEB/AFP/Getty Images) Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau speaks alongside Ivanka Trump (C), daughter of US President Donald Trump, and Dawn Farrell (R), President and CEO of TransAlta Corporation, during a roundtable discussion on women entrepreneurs and business leaders in the Cabinet Room of the White House in Washington, DC, February 13, 2017. / AFP / SAUL LOEB (Photo credit should read SAUL LOEB/AFP/Getty Images) Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau speaks alongside Ivanka Trump (C), daughter of US President Donald Trump, and Dawn Farrell (R), President and CEO of TransAlta Corporation, during a roundtable discussion on women entrepreneurs and business leaders in the Cabinet Room of the White House in Washington, DC, February 13, 2017. / AFP / SAUL LOEB (Photo credit should read SAUL LOEB/AFP/Getty Images) Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau speaks alongside Ivanka Trump (2nd R), daughter of US President Donald Trump, and Dawn Farrell (R), President and CEO of TransAlta Corporation, during a roundtable discussion on women entrepreneurs and business leaders in the Cabinet Room of the White House in Washington, DC, February 13, 2017. / AFP / SAUL LOEB (Photo credit should read SAUL LOEB/AFP/Getty Images) Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau speaks alongside Ivanka Trump (C), daughter of US President Donald Trump, and Dawn Farrell (R), President and CEO of TransAlta Corporation, during a roundtable discussion on women entrepreneurs and business leaders in the Cabinet Room of the White House in Washington, DC, February 13, 2017. / AFP / SAUL LOEB (Photo credit should read SAUL LOEB/AFP/Getty Images) Up Next See Gallery Discover More Like This HIDE CAPTION SHOW CAPTION of SEE ALL BACK TO SLIDE
Social media reaction was practically immediate:
Get you someone that looks at you the way Ivanka Trump looks at Justin Trudeau pic.twitter.com/sxTAlpi4av — Philip Lewis (@Phil_Lewis_) February 13, 2017
Lmaooooooo Ivanka Trump looking at Justin Trudeau is me like yup, me too gurl. Me too. pic.twitter.com/uBp7pvxIm8 — natalie (@nataliegithu) February 14, 2017
Happy Valentines Day! 💕 I hope you've got someone who looks at you the way Ivanka Trump looks at Justin Trudeau. 👀🔥 pic.twitter.com/49ihAuP3Za — Jack Smith IV (@JackSmithIV) February 15, 2017
No one is safe from PM Steal Yo Girl! pic.twitter.com/TYrTV1U4CN — Daniel (@DannyDutch) February 14, 2017
It's not just online observers who sounded off: The Daily Show's Trevor Noah on the pair on Tuesday night. "You can feel it. Damn," he joked. "She looks like she's ready to risk it all."
Trudeau visited the United States and President Trump to discuss issues in addition to women in business, such as immigration and energy.
More from :
Photo of Ivanka Trump sitting at President Trump's Oval Office desk sparks social reaction
New analysis claims Melania Trump's Daily Mail lawsuit is 'based on a falsehood'
Here's how many fake Twitter followers Trump has
Music » Chamber music shows will begin with a trio and close with the full orchestra.
This week's Paradigm Chamber Orchestra performances will be like two concerts in one.
On the first half, violinist Gerald Elias, violist Joel Rosenberg and pianist Jeffrey Price — three musicians who have collaborated with one another, but never played together as a trio until now — will play a set of chamber-music staples, with the cello part adapted for viola. Then Rosenberg will lead the chamber orchestra in two major works.
The program kicks off with Mendelssohn's first and best-known piano trio, noted for its "distinctly virtuosic piano part," Rosenberg said. "You'd think it's almost a piano concerto with string accompaniment. Mendelssohn is often perceived as a somewhat conservative classicist, but this piece really reaches into the Romantic era." Rosenberg said the piece's second movement, in particular, is reminiscent of the composer's well-known "Songs Without Words."
OAKLAND, Calif. (AP) — Veterans Mike Callahan and Ken Mauer, along with first-timer David Guthrie, are among the 12 referees who have been selected to work the NBA Finals.
The league announced the group Wednesday.
Callahan has worked 19 games in the Finals and Mauer has worked 18. This will be the 15th Finals appearance for Callahan and the 13th for Mauer.
Other referees who will be on the floor during the Golden State-Cleveland series that starts Thursday are Tony Brothers, James Capers, Marc Davis, Scott Foster, John Goble, Ed Malloy, Jason Phillips, Derrick Stafford and Zach Zarba.
Guthrie is the only referee who will be making his Finals debut this year.
Eric Lewis and Tom Washington were selected as alternates.
___
More AP NBA:
Comments
comments
Ryan Mayer
Houstan Texans defensive end J.J. Watt has become known nearly as much for his charitable work off the field as for his play on it during the last few years. In recognition of that charitable work, Baylor University College of Medicine presented Watt with an honorary doctorate degree in Humanities of Medicine on Tuesday night.
Watt was honored alongside Houston Emergency Medical Services director Dr. David Persse for their efforts in the wake of the damage caused by Hurricane Harvey in the Houston area last year. Watt raised over $37 million for various relief efforts in the aftermath of the storm.
Baylor president, CEO and executive dean, Dr. Paul Klotman praised the pair for their work during the ceremony.
Concept art from Walt Disney Imagineering shows the concept look for “Star Wars” land at Disneyland. It includes the concept look for the rerouted Disneyland Railroad and the Rivers of America. Courtesy, The Disneyland Resort
The new Star Wars land opening at Disneyland in 2019 will be interactive as well as immerse visitors in an environment based on the movies.
At the recent Star Wars Celebration fan event in Orlando, Scott Trowbridge, a Disney Imagineer overseeing the project, said it would feature a way for interactive story elements to involve visitors throughout the land.
Trowbridge added that choices visitors make while piloting the Millennium Falcon ride could influence how Star Wars characters treat and react to the visitors while in the land.
During the presentation, it was revealed that the land will be a new “Star Wars” story, including the interactive approach to telling that story involving the rides, and the characters that live in the land. Its location in the Star Wars universe has been described as “Somewhere on the Outer Rim – on the edge of the Unknown Regions.”
He did not say how this would be done but, as described by Trowbridge and other Imagineers, it would involve some kind of technology.
In 2014, Disneyland made an attempt at interactive storytelling with the “Legends of Frontierland” experience at the park. It involved visitors being put on one of two teams: Team Frontierland or Team Rainbow Bridge.
Then visitors would interact with a variety of live performers playing characters such as “The Sheriff” or “Gambler” or other “Old West” characters. During the interactive “role-playing” process, visitors would complete a task then receive game money. If they amassed enough “wealth,” they could then bid on and “purchase” parcels of land in the area.
At the end of the day, one of the teams could, in the “Old West” vernacular, “own the town.”
Last summer Knott's Berry Farm did something similar on a larger scale with its “Ghost Town Alive!” experience, with plans to bring it back this summer.
Could the interactive elements in Disneyland's “Star Wars” land be like those examples or is it something involving some kind of visitor tracking technology? As usual, Disney's Imagineers aren't talking.
Sauber has reached an agreement with Pascal Wehrlein to line up alongside Marcus Ericsson this year, sources have revealed.
After weeks of speculation about who would replace Nico Rosberg at Mercedes – with Wehrlein and Bottas the clear favourites from the start – it appears that the final steps are now being made to get everything signed off formally.
Although Wehrlein had been a contender for the Mercedes seat, it is understood that his lack of experience meant the team felt he was too much or a risk to be promoted to its works team just yet – especially going up against a driver as tough as Lewis Hamilton.
Read also: Valtteri Bottas Mercedes factory visit suggests deal is done
According to sources with good knowledge of the situation, Mercedes has instead now agreed terms with Sauber for it to take its junior driver Wehrlein for 2017. The final details of the contract are still to be finalised, but that should be done in the next few days.
Mercedes has settled on landing Bottas – whose exit from Williams has now been assured, with Felipe Massa having agreed to delay his retirement by another season to ensure that the Grove-based team has an experienced driver on hand alongside rookie Lance Stroll.
The announcements of Bottas, Wehrlein and Massa may well be co-ordinated to ensure that no teams risks being left in an awkward position.
The confirmation of the plans for Mercedes, Sauber and Williams means that the only vacancies left on the grid are now at Manor, which is currently in takeover talks with interested investors.
Esteban Gutierrez is a front-runner for one of the seats, while Felipe Nasr and Rio Haryanto have also been linked with the outfit.
Co-author: Roberto Chinchero, Journalist
After last Sunday's fantastic Indianapolis 500, the 2018 Verizon IndyCar Series is in action yet again this weekend, as the drivers go from the high-speed banked turns of IMS to the tight and bumpy streets of the Belle Isle Street Circuit. Two races will take place this weekend at the Duel in Detroit. Here is everything you need to know ahead of this weekend's action:
What happened in 2017 at the Duel in Detroit?
In last year's Duel in Detroit, Graham Rahal was in the form of his life. In race one on the Saturday, Rahal qualified on pole position and duly dominated to take his first win of 2017. The American used a two-stop strategy to get to victory circle, with perhaps his most likely challenger, Helio Castroneves, falling out of contention on an ill-fated three-stop strategy.
Second place would go to Scott Dixon in race one, who drove brilliantly despite an injured ankle after his terrifying crash in the 2017 Indianapolis 500 the week before. James Hinchcliffe completed the podium.
For Sunday's race two, Takuma Sato, fresh from his Indy 500 win, would claim pole position. However, Sato wouldn't be able to hold on to take his second win in seven days. The Japanese driver would slip down to fourth place in the race, with Graham Rahal once again taking the victory.
It wasn't easy for Rahal, however. He had been leading heading into the closing stages when series officials red flagged the race due to James Hinchcliffe and Spencer Pigot stopping out on track with simultaneous mechanical issues. Rahal would have to fend off the field on a late restart, but he managed to do so without issue; taking his second win of the weekend and his second win of the year.
Team Penske bounced back from a disappointing Saturday to take a double podium finish, with Josef Newgarden second ahead of Will Power in third.
You can read the qualifying and race reports from last year's Duel in Detroit here:
What should I look out for this weekend?
The driver heading into this weekend's races with the most confidence will undoubtedly be Will Power. After a tough start to the season, Power bounced back with two victories in the two races held in May, taking the Grand Prix of Indianapolis win on the road course before doubling up with a sensational win in last weekend's Indianapolis 500.
It will certainly be interesting to see whether Power, with his revitalized form, is able to finish both of the races this weekend strongly; especially as he now leads the championship thanks to the double-points scored in the Indy 500.
Two points behind Power in the championship standings is Andretti Autosport‘s Alexander Rossi. The Californian driver took two top ten finishes in last year's Duel in Detroit, but his form is arguably better now than it was a year ago. Two strong results could take him back to the top of the standings after this weekend.
After dominating the event a year ago, Graham Rahal will be hoping that history repeats itself and that he manages to get at least one victory from this weekend's doubleheader. Graham currently sits sixth in the standings, having not scored a podium finish since the season-opening Grand Prix of St. Petersburg. If he wants to return to the podium this time around, he will have to hope he can finally get the better of his qualifying woes, which will make his life easier come race time.
Last but not least, keep an eye out on Schmidt Peterson Motorsports this weekend. The month of May was tough for the team, despite rookie Robert Wickens taking a top ten in his first Indy 500. Wickens will be looking to continue to be competitive heading into Detroit, with team-mate James Hinchcliffe severely hoping to bounce back from not qualifying for the Indy 500 with a strong finish on his return to the race-track this weekend.
What is the schedule for the weekend?
Friday 1 June
11:20 ET / 16:20 GMT – Practice one
15:10 ET / 20:10 GMT – Practice two
Saturday 2 June
10:55 ET / 15:55 GMT – Qualifying
15:40 ET / 20:40 GMT – Race one
Sunday 3 June
10:45 ET / 15:45 GMT – Qualifying
15:40 ET / 20:40 GMT – Race two
Where can I watch the Duel in Detroit?
Tickets are still available for this weekend's race. Head to the Detroit Grand Prix website for more information.
In the United Kingdom, television coverage is limited to just the races only. Race day coverage will start on Saturday at 20:30 BST on BT Sport 2 and on Sunday at 20:30 BST on BT Sport 1.
In the United States, television coverage for the Indy 500 will be provided by ABC.
Further coverage of practice and qualifying will be provided for all via IndyCar's YouTube channel and Facebook page.
How can I keep up to date with all the race action?
If you cannot make it to Belle Isle for this weekend's Duel in Detroit, you can keep up to date with all the action across the weekend right here at The Checkered Flag. We will have coverage of not just this weekend's practice, qualifying and race sessions, but for all on-track action throughout the season.
Be sure to also follow IndyCar on Twitter – @IndyCar – for live updates throughout the event.
A representative of the Pentagon and the press office of the US-led coalition have commented on the Russian troops' withdrawal from Syria announced by President Putin earlier in the day, while visiting the Hmeymim airbase in Latakia.
“We will continue to deconflict operations with Russia as long as it is necessary to achieve our mission to defeat Daesh,” Joint Task Force Operation Inherent Resolve's press office told Sputnik.
According to the coalition's press office, more fighting will have to take place to eliminate the remaining pockets of Daesh terrorists in the Middle Euphrates River Valley, while hard work remains to be done to ensure their lasting defeat in the region.
“The Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) will continue operations to clear the northern and eastern sides of the Euphrates River,” the coalition stated.
READ MORE: Putin Orders Withdrawal of Russian Troops From Syria (PHOTOS, VIDEOS)
“The Coalition is 100% committed to the enduring defeat of Daesh and we will continue to support our SDF partners with precision strikes against all Daesh terrorists. The SDF also provides the security that enables stabilization assistance to be delivered to liberated areas.”
Sputnik has also spoken with Pentagon spokesperson Eric Pahon, who said, the Russian troops' withdrawal from the Arab Republic doesn't "affect US priorities in Syria."
"The Global Coalition will continue to operate in Syria in support of local forces on the ground, to complete the military defeat of ISIS [Daesh, banned in Russia] and stabilize liberated territory, in turn allowing for displaced Syrians and refugees to return," Pahon added.
© Sputnik/ Dmitry Vinogradov Top 5 Facts About Russia's Military Operation in Syria
The US-led coalition has reacted to an announcement made by President Putin earlier in the day on the Russian troops' withdrawal from Syria. While visiting the Hmeymim airbase in Latakia, Putin has also met Syrian President Bashar Assad, who has thanked Moscow for its effective assistance in the country's fight against terrorism.
Russia launched its military operation in Syria on September 30, 2015, at the request of President Bashar Assad and has helped Damascus to clear the cities Aleppo, Palmyra, as well as the Deir ez-Zor province and other regions of the country of terrorists.
Pucker up! Leslie Jones has a list of who in Hollywood she wants to smooch.
“I could kiss more than one celebrity right now at this moment,” the Saturday Night Live star, 49, tells PEOPLE in this week's Emmy portfolio saluting the funniest people in late night. “I'm a multi-celebrity type girl.”
Taking the No. 1 spot is The Blacklist's James Spader.
“I would so kiss him right now,” the outstanding supporting actress in a comedy series nominee says.
Next up: PEOPLE's two-time Sexiest Man Alive Brad Pitt. “I would kiss him like they did in Thelma and Louise,” she quips. “Remember that, Brad?”
Jones also shared which sweet treat has her heart.
“Twinkies are needed 24 hours, so thank God bodegas are open 24 hours,” the Ghostbusters actress says. “They got the cat and everything.”
RELATED VIDEO: Find Out Who These Emmy Nominees Want to Kick off the Earth
But there's one thing that drives her crazy.
“My recurring nightmare — it's always with work,” Jones explains. “Like, I'm trying to get in the car to get to work and I forget my purse and I have to go all the way back to the house. Or even if I have to catch a plane and then I forget the suitcase. It's always something because I have too much s—. I've got bags and stuff, so I'm always packing my rolly. I'm always trying to get back to the house to get the rolly. That's the worst. It's the same dream every night.”
The 70th annual Primetime Emmy Awards are airing live from Los Angeles Sept. 17 on CBS.
MADSEN Cycles provides its uniquely designed bucket bike which comes with a wide range of accessories. All accessories aim to improve the ride by offering comfort, security, style, and functionality.
[MURRAY, 05/30/2018] – MADSEN Cycles says its bicycles differ so much from the typical cargo bike. Its designed bucket bike can carry up to four kids plus some cargo. The company further provides a wide selection of bucket bike accessories.
“With a few accessories, you can make the ride even more comfortable for you and your kids,” the bucket bike manufacturer says.
Comfortable and Secure Design
Other than riding with the perfect balance and security, MADSEN Cycles aims to make each ride comfortable with its bucket on top of its 20-inch rear wheel. The company's huge range of accessories makes bike riding better.
For instance, its large and tough bucket on the back comes with two removable bench seats and four seat belts. The bucket has the capacity to hold almost anything – from kids to groceries, picnic baskets, and the whole enchilada.
“So, load up the kids, strap them inside the bucket, place packed lunches, get on the bike, and head to the park for a day full of fun,” MADSEN Cycles says.
Creative Accessories for Function
MADSEN Cycle's range of accessories aims to make kids more comfortable in their bucket bike ride. Its stylish, custom-made rain covers for the bucket lets families cruise the roads in any weather.
The company's solid, frame-mounted front racks not only offer one more place for carrying, but it also makes the bucket bike look more stylish.
Its middle bucket seat accessory serves as an excellent flat, padded surface for families to transport their pets. They can also change their kid's diaper or fill the bucket with drinks for a party with the middle bucket seat accessory.
About MADSEN Cycles
MADSEN Cycles manufactures customized bicycles. It designs brightly colored bikes with large rear buckets which can carry almost four kids with some cargo included. The company crafted a new twist on family bikes, making sure every family in Utah falls in love with bucket bikes. It also offers different types of accessories that help make the ride more comfortable.
MADSEN Cycles' bucket bikes encourage families to create more memories by riding in style, comfort, and ease. To find out more about its products, visit https://www.madsencycles.com/ today.
Emory University School of Medicine researchers have developed tools that enable them to detect small proteins called granulins for the first time inside cells. Granulins are of interest to neuroscientists because mutations in the granulin gene cause frontotemporal dementia (FTD). However, the functions of granulins were previously unclear.
FTD is an incurable neurodegenerative disease and the most common type of dementia in people younger than 60. Genetic variants in the granulin gene are also a risk factor for Alzheimer's disease and Parkinson's disease, suggesting this discovery may have therapeutic potential for a broad spectrum of age-related neurodegenerative diseases.
The results were published August 9 by the journal eNeuro (open access).
Some neuroscientists believed that granulins were made outside cells, and even could be toxic under certain conditions. But with the newly identified tools, the Emory researchers can now see granulins inside cells within lysosomes, which are critical garbage disposal and recycling centers. The researchers now propose that granulins have important jobs in the lysosome that are necessary to maintain brain health, suppress neuroinflammation, and prevent neurodegeneration.
Problems with lysosomes appear in several neurodegenerative diseases such as Alzheimer's and Parkinson's.
"A lysosomal function for granulins is exciting and novel. We believe it may provide an explanation why decreased levels of granulins are linked to multiple neurodegenerative diseases, ranging from frontotemporal dementia to Alzheimer's," says senior author Thomas Kukar, PhD, assistant professor of pharmacology and neurology and the Emory University Center for Neurodegenerative Disease.
Granulins are derived from a larger precursor protein called progranulin. A genetic deficiency in progranulin explains some forms of frontotemporal dementia (FTD), both familial and sporadic.
If both copies of the progranulin gene are mutated, the result is a rare disorder: neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis (NCL). NCL is a member of the larger group of lysosomal storage diseases (LSDs), inherited diseases caused by defects in lysosome function. NCL can be caused by mutations in several genes encoding lysosomal proteins. NCL is partly named after lipofuscins - deposits of fats and proteins - which accumulate inside cells because of impaired lysosomes. NCL typically appears earlier in life, with features such as blindness, developmental delay, motor problems and seizures.
"Over the past few years, evidence has accumulated that progranulin deficiency impairs the function of lysosomes, but scientists still don't know why", says assistant scientist Chris Holler, PhD, the first author of the paper.
"Although some people suspected that progranulin gets cleaved in the lysosome, it could not be proven," he says. "Our paper is the first to actually show that mature granulins are made in the lysosome."
"More importantly, the granulins are stable in lysosomes suggesting they have an important function, rather than just an inert by-product", he adds. The next step is to use the antibody tools to probe what granulins are doing in lysosomes. Granulins may work together with similar lysosomal caretakers called saposins, Holler says.
The findings point to a strategy for treating diseases caused by progranulin deficiency (both FTD and NCL, possibly) by supplying replacement granulins, either as proteins or through gene therapy. The protein/enzyme replacement approach is already used for other forms of NCL and LSDs.
###
Co-authors include research specialist Georgia Taylor and post-doc Qiudong Deng, PhD.
A patent related to this work titled "Methods to Treat Neurodegeneration with Granulins" has been filed. As inventors, the authors could benefit from future commercialization.
The research was supported by the National Institute on Aging (R00AG032362, P50AG025688), the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke (R01NS093362), the Donors Cure Foundation, the Alzheimer's Association, the Association for Frontotemporal Degeneration, and the Bluefield Project to Cure Frontotemporal Dementia.
In the world of maths problems, some questions are easy for 11-year-olds to answer, some are difficult, and some are… kind of impossible. This story is about the latter category.
Fifth-grade primary school students at Nanchong Shunqing Primary School in south-west China were diligently making their way through a recent exam paper when they were faced with a rather unusual-looking math problem, cunningly disguised as question 6.
"If a ship has 26 sheep and 10 goats on board, how old is the ship's captain?" the students were asked.
And there you have it. It's a question that has no solution, or maybe any will do. Not really maths, more like a riddle, served with a side of metaphysics.
(Weibo)
Whatever it was, the 11-year-olds tried their best to answer this thing.
"The captain should be at least 18 years old because a minor is not allowed by law to operate a vessel," one suggested.
"We cannot be sure of the captain's age," offered another. "The number of the sheep and goats is irrelevant to the captain's age."
"The captain is 36 years old," a third student guessed. "He is quite narcissistic, so the number of animals corresponds to his age."
Some simply gave up, acknowledging the inevitable futility of answering that which is unanswerable.
"The captain's age is… I don't know," one wrote, "I can't solve this."
These clever, creative, and crestfallen responses went viral when some of the students' answers were uploaded to Chinese social media, and not everybody was happy about the exam paper's unorthodox style.
"The question has nothing to do with mathematics," one commenter said. "It doesn't test the pupils' ability to understand maths."
"This question makes no logical sense at all," wrote another. "Does the teacher even know the answer?"
Some dressed up their criticisms by making fun of the problem itself.
"If a school has 26 teachers, 10 of which weren't thinking, how old is the principal?" (This, admittedly, is quite brilliant.)
In response to their detractors, the Shunqing District Department of Education released a statement last week, defending the question, and explaining the exam was designed to test students critical awareness, capacity to ask questions, and their ability to think independently of mathematical problems.
"Some surveys show that primary school students in our country lack a sense of critical awareness in regard to mathematics," the educators wrote, adding it was their vocational duty to basically vex students from time to time.
"The role of education is not to produce standardised spare parts… Each answer can reflect a different personality. A question that can have different answers is a good question."
Back on Weibo, the commenters were busy proving the point, exercising their own boundless creativity with each droll – yet eminently viable – solution.
"The total weight of 26 sheep and 10 goat is 7,700 kilograms, based on the average weight of each animal," one proposed.
"In China, if you're driving a ship that has more than 5,000 kilograms of cargo you need to have possessed a boat licence for five years. The minimum age for getting a boat's licence is 23, so he's at least 28."
The Nigerian National Petroleum Corporation has announced elaborate measures to sustain supply of Premium Motor Spirit, (petrol), Automotive Gas Oil, diesel, and Dual Purpose Kerosene, DPK, otherwise called kerosene, nationwide.
In a statement signed by the Group General Manager, Group Public Affairs Division, Ndu Ughamadu, the NNPC stated that the ongoing measures include increasing the February supply of Premium Motor Spirit (PMS), by six additional cargoes to the existing national PMS sufficiency of over 32 days; immediate importation of three additional Automotive Gas Oil (AGO) cargoes before the end of February; and an order for massive 250 trucks per day loading of AGO and DPK, from across the three NNPC refineries in Port Harcourt, Kaduna and Warri.
The statement said NNPC's acting Group Managing Director, Engr. Saidu Mohammed,nchaired an emergency meeting on the Corporation's downstream operations, where the measures were taken between the weekend and today in Abuja, and said the NNPC would transmit the full list of marketers involved in off-taking AGO and DPK to the Department of State Services (DSS) for appropriate follow-up by the security agency to forestall possibility of any stakeholders engaging in foul play.
Engr. Mohammed further said the move to provide additional PMS cargoes of 37,000 tonnes each was to give further comfort and stability to the robust petrol sufficiency nationwide.
The statement said that in addition, the corporation is expanding the daily truck load-out of petrol, diesel and kerosene, even during weekends to ensure improved products delivery to the hinterland.
The Corporation would also provide additional marine logistics, all geared toward improving products movements from offshore to land, to cater for additional PMS supply nationwide, the statement added.
According to the statement, Engr. Mohammed charged downstream operators to immediately implement measures that would sustain adequate supply and distribution of petrol, diesel and kerosene to every nook and cranny of the Country.
The NNPC has also made concerted efforts to pay the outstanding bill owed Duke Oil, the Corporation's trading arm, for products importation, even as it has put in place modalities for transparent accounting practice.
As part of measures to sustain products supply stability across the Country, NNPC planned to obtain, from the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), an AGO Foreign Exchange (FOREX) intervention to marketers as well as Depot and Petroleum Products Marketers Associations (DAPPMAN).
Already, the Corporation would convert the existing issued $144m PMS FOREX intervention to AGO.
NNPC has also developed a comprehensive and clear deadline for the completion of the Atlas Cove-Mosimi pipeline and commenced shipment of AGO to Calabar.
The NNPC enjoined motorists and other consumers of petroleum products across the country to refrain from panic buying of products, as the corporation has over 32 days sufficiency for petrol, and adequate volumes of diesel and petrol to meet their demand.
The Vancleave Bulldogs baseball team was honored before the Shuckers game on Tuesday. Vancleave captured the 4A State Championship in Pearl by sweeping New Hope on May 18th.
It was a Cinderella season for the Bulldogs under first-year head coach Daniel Best, the former Southern Miss pitcher. Vancleave won 27 of their last 29 games and ran off 18 straight to claim the 4A State Championship.
Coach Best said, "We started 2 and 5 and a lot of people don't remember that. We started off kind of rough, but we played good competition and we were in the ballgames and we told them to play loose. Once we figured out how to win close games we became a good team."
Best says the pitching duo of Bailee Hendon and Hayden Robb played a major role in winning state. Robb, a Mississippi Gulf Coast signee posted 8 wins and 2 losses with a 1.83 ERA. Hendon went 11 and 0 on the mound with a 0.67 earned run average. The Jones County Community College signee says Louisiana Tech has shown interest. Hendon also excelled at the plate. He batted .519 with 5 home runs and 34 RBI.
Hendon said, "I love hitting. I like playing center field. Pitching is alright but my strong suit, I like hitting.
Hendon was a special high school player and he'll get his shot to prove his baseball talents at Jones County Community College with hopes of earning a Division One scholarship. He says besides Louisiana Tech, some schools have mentioned that a scholarship could become available after the 2018 Major League Draft.
Copyright 2018 WLOX. All Rights Reserved.
SADAFCO announces results of Extraordinary General meeting (TASI) Date: 03 Jul 2018 Saudia Dairy & Foodstuff Co announced results of Extraordinary General meeting held on July 2, 2018. Shareholders approved the distribution of SAR 2 cash dividends per share for Second Half of financial year ended on March 31, 2018.
Telangana, India, May 24, 2018 – Matchfinder is a free Indian matrimonial site that was established to help those seeking for professional matchmaking services such as horoscope matching, identity verification, profile highlighting, personal assistance, and much more. They are also the first matrimony portal to launch paid membership services starting from just Rs. 100, to contact brides and grooms.
Matchfinder is an Indian matrimony website with the mission of providing amazing matrimonial services at moderate cost for the marriage seekers (both brides and grooms). As they offer high quality matchmaking service like horoscope generation services, professional services, profile highlighting, identity verification, personal assistance and so on. It allows the registered profiles to search for the limited service they are looking for! Matchfinder has thousands of profiles of Indian grooms and brides. They are the best in customer service as compared to other free matrimonial sites for Indian customers.
Matchfinder is rated as one of the best Hindi matrimonial sites by its registered users. Registering your profile to matrimonial website is not any a more tedious task because you need to fill a multi-page questionnaire. Start your partner search with a single page registration and enjoy the experience of the best online matrimonial search ever. They also provide authentic and genuine members at the low-cost membership plan of Rs.100. A guarantee they offer to those who use the site, as they will get to enjoy the best online matrimonial search ever.
Matchfinder has a large number of profiles of Indian brides and grooms, and they have enrolled profiles that incorporate their calling, horoscope, and telephone number, to say a couple. To know more about their matrimonial services, offers or membership plans, you can visit their official website. In case of any query, you can contact at 040-30911272 or email at – info@matchfinder.in.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
It will soon be time for the current Miss Cheltenham, firefighter Amy Brown, to hand over her crown to another but who will be the lucky woman?
There are 27 hopefuls vying for this year's title with the grand final taking place on March 31 in the Gold Cup Suite at Cheltenham Racecourse.
Here they tell us a bit about themselves and what it takes to represent the town in this contest.
(Image: Carl Hewlett, A Thousand Word Media Ltd)
These women can do it all - from fixing cars, mountain climbing, conversing in Mandarin and singing Frozen in 25 different languages.
They push themselves to the limit running marathons, skydiving out of planes at 10,000ft and organising boxing matches to raise money for charity.
Former Miss Cheltenham Sophie Lydia Smith, who organises the event with her mum Sonia, is excited to introduce these 23 women who are constantly trying to improve themselves and the world around them.
She said: "To become Miss Cheltenham these girls must be effective young ambassadors for their local area. It's not like the beauty pageants of old. These are smart, independent, hardworking girls with big hearts and they all have a story to tell.
"This is going to be the biggest and best Miss Cheltenham yet and we couldn't be more pleased with this year's finalists. They all offer so much and are always striving to challenge themselves. It's been a pleasure getting to know them."
Amy Brown told us how becoming Miss Cheltenham 2017 changed her life forever.
She said: "I have had such a fun filled busy year. I can honestly say that the Miss England competition changed my life as it gave me confidence in myself.
"I achieved something that I thought wasn't possible. It made be believed I could get my dream job as a full time Firefighter in Cheltenham. I can't wait to see which of these deserving young women will win the crown."
Angie Beasley, Miss England Director, added: "It's no longer about simply being a pretty face. Finalists of Miss England will be taking part in many rounds such as raising money for charity, designing an Eco costume, taking part in sports and talent competitions and generally immersing themselves effectively in their own communities."
The eagerly anticipated grand final will be held on March 31 in the Gold Cup Suite at Cheltenham Racecourse.
These are the finalists for Miss Cheltenham 2018
Miss Cheltenham is a Regional Heat of the Miss England contest and the national winner will be England's only entry to Miss World.
We will keep you up-to-date with all the latest developments in the run-up to Miss Cheltenham, from their traditional appearance at Ladies Day to the many exciting fundraising events planned by the girls, from sponsored hairdressing to bungee jumping.
With systemd having the most commits ever in 2015 for this project, I was curious to see how the statistics for 2016 compared... To some surprise, the number of commits to systemd fell sharply and the code churn is also down to a point not seen in a few years.In 2015 there were 5,528 commits to systemd while this year there have been 3,768 commits -- a low not seen since 2012 when there were 2554 commits. But then when it comes to new code, this year were 156,491 added (and 94,288 lines removed), a low since 2011. Last year in comparison there were more than double that for lines added: 333k vs. 156k, though last year they also removed a lot of code too.
It was surprising to see the commits and code churn fall so sharply this year, but perhaps it's a sign of the maturing of the project? The release count this year is also down seeing just 4 releases in 2016 while there were 10 releases in 2015 and 10 in 2014.The most prolific contributors to systemd this year were Lennart Poettering, Zbigniew Jędrzejewski-Szmek, Martin Pitt, Evgeny Vereshchagin, Daniel Mack, and Susant Sahani. Compared to prior years, Tom Gundersen and David Herrmann are among the common systemd developer names missing from the list, though this year they've been focusing their effort on the related BUS1 initiative.As of this morning the systemd Git tree is up to 2,218 files comprised of 779,627 lines from 27,916 commits from 913 different authors. Those wanting to run through these EOY2016 Git stats for systemd can find them here While I'm at it and for those wanting to relive the best systemd moments of 2016, here were the most viewed articles:Systemd-mount is the newest tool added to systemd by Lennart Poettering.Last weekend at FOSDEM, Lennart Poettering was one of the keynote speakers where he presented on systemd's user-space plans for the years.In addition to the BUS1 presentation, also exciting from the systemd.conf 2016 conference is a thorough walkthrough of a new wireless daemon for Linux being developed by Intel's Open-Source Technology Center.Systemd 230 was released just last week and it has taken heat not only for opening up FBDEV to potential security issues, which already reverted, but also for changing the default behavior of user processes.A new release of systemd is available this weekend.The last major systemd update was all the way back in November, which is rather strange considering their normal frequent releases, but that changed today with the release of systemd 229.A change made in the recent release of systemd 230 makes it easy for rogue user processes to be able to spy on your desktop, assuming a few conditions are met.Another one of the interesting systemd.conf 2016 presentations in Berlin was a talk by Djalal Harouni of EndoCode for using systemd to carry out application sandboxing.It's been a while since the last systemd release (230 in May) while it looks like the systemd 231 release is imminent.Systemd 232 is right around the corner to succeed the systemd 231 release from July.
Philippine National Police chief Ronald dela Rosa questions why Supreme Court Senior Associate Justice Antonio Carpio thinks police are ignoring big-time drug lords
Published 3:35 PM, December 12, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – "Tingnan 'nyo. 'Yun bang si Parojinog small-time 'yun? 'Yun bang si Kerwin Espinosa, small-time ba 'yan?" (Look. Is Parojinog small-time? Is Kerwin Espinosa small-time?)
This was the response of Philippine National Police (PNP) chief Director General Ronald dela Rosa on Tuesday, December 12, when asked about the PNP's supposed penchant for ignoring big-time drug lords.
It was Supreme Court (SC) Senior Associate Justice Antonio Carpio who recently raised this concern during oral arguments on the drug war.
Dela Rosa was referring to Ozamiz City Mayor Reynaldo Parojinog Sr, who was killed in a drug raid last July. Kerwin Espinosa, meanwhile, is an alleged drug lord captured by the PNP in November 2016.
According to Dela Rosa, they have achieved so much in their drug war, not just against drug suspects in the streets, but also against the rich and powerful.
"'Yung mga mayor, small-time ba 'yun? Bakit niya masasabi na doon kami nag-concentrate, sa small-time [suspects]? 'Yung mga Chinese traffickers na napatay, small-time ba 'yun?" the PNP chief added.
(Are the mayors small-time? Why did he say that we were focusing on small-time suspects? The Chinese traffickers killed, are they small-time?)
Dela Rosa was not immediately able to reply to Carpio last week during the SC oral arguments, as the PNP chief was attending an anti-terrorism conference in New York City. (READ: Dela Rosa no-show in Supreme Court EJK hearing)
In response to Carpio's question on how the PNP is addressing drug lords based in China, Dela Rosa said, "It's a work in progress."
"'Wag tayo masyadong mawalan ng pag-asa because meron namang ginagawa (Let's not lose hope because something is being done)," he said.
Dela Rosa added that he assigned Senior Superintendent Albert Ferro to the PNP Drug Enforcement Group (DEG) because he knows Ferro has "international contacts." – Rappler.com
Is using a cell phone safe? While it's ostensibly a question requiring a simple yes or no, the answers have turned out to be more of a Rorschach test: people see what they want to in them. The vast majority of cell phone safety research indicates there's no problem with regular exposure to the radio-frequency radiation that cell phones use to communicate with towers. But enough studies have shown various health effects that fears of health risks have persisted—even though different studies often identify unrelated risks.
The US government's National Toxicology Program designed what could have been a definitive study, using long-term exposure of large rodent populations. But even that has caused more problems than it has solved, as the NTP decided to release incomplete results from the study that seemed to find some links to cancer, but the work had problems with weak statistical significance and unexplained deaths in the control animals.
Today, a draft of a more complete version of the NTP study was released, and it's even more of a mess. An original risk disappeared into the statistical noise, a new one emerged, and the strange death of control animals remains unexplained.
Lab rats
While studies were done with both rats and mice, the rat studies were more comprehensive. Groups of 105 male and 105 female mice were exposed to different levels of GSM or CDMA cell phone signals for nine hours a day, starting in utero. Not only were the lengths of exposure very large, but the intensity of the exposure was extreme, starting at the highest legal maximum exposure level (1.5 watts per kilogram) and going up in steps to four times that amount. If there is a health effect from cell phone exposure, this should make it pretty obvious.
But again, there were technical problems. Rats in one of the male control groups died at unusually high rates (the lowest survival of any exposed group was 48 percent at two years, only 28 percent of the control rats lived that long). Since cancer incidence increases with age, that has the potential to throw off all the results.
And, in fact, there's striking evidence that it did. In female rats, where control group survival was normal, there was no statistically significant increase in any cancers. In fact, in the groups exposed to CDMA signals, there were no incidents of cancer found whatsoever after two years of excessive exposure. Cancers were found among the females that were exposed to GSM signals but not at a rate that was statistically different from that seen in control animals. Plus, there was no indication of any dose effect.
Males, where the control group died at an unusual rate, saw a large variety of problems, although again most weren't statistically significant. Only one type of cancer that affects the heart, called a malignant schwannoma, increased at statistically significant levels. There may have been a hint of a dose effect here, as those that received the very highest exposure showed an elevated incidence.
Notably, the preliminary study released earlier highlighted a higher rate of a type of brain cancer called a glioma. Gliomas, however, fell into the "no significant difference" category now that the study has been completed. The change raises further questions about why the NTP released the preliminary report at all.
Spin
To sum up the findings: a bunch of cancers that aren't statistically different from those found in the control group; a high-fatality control group; an elevated incidence of a single type of cancer, only in males, at exposures that are well above any that a human should experience.
Meanwhile, nothing unusual at all was seen in the mice. And the report still hasn't been through formal review yet, which may result in changes to how the results are presented.
This all sounds like the latest case of a study showing no hazards from cell phone use while simultaneously providing those inclined to believe cell phones are a problem with a tiny sliver of a reason to keep thinking that.
But that's not, however, how this is playing out. An NTP senior scientist, John Bucher, acknowledged that "the levels and duration of exposure to RFR were much greater than what people experience with even the highest level of cell phone use, and exposed the rodents' whole bodies. So, these findings should not be directly extrapolated to human cell phone usage."
Beyond that, the organization isn't saying much about the results. But in the report's conclusions, the one statistically significant result is termed "some evidence of carcinogenic activity." All the results that are indistinguishable from noise are presented as "some evidence of carcinogenic activity."
Such a conclusion is having about the effect you'd expect among people convinced that cell phones are a hazard. An organization called the Environmental Working Group sent out a statement that misrepresented the results. "The research found that male rats exposed to radio-frequency radiation had a greater chance of developing malignant brain cancer, tumors in the heart and tumors in other organs," the EWG claimed. The group also contradicted the NTP scientist's statement, claiming, "The amount of radiation to which the laboratory animals were exposed included the levels emitted by cellphones millions of people use every day."
Meanwhile, the FDA isn't buying it. Jeffrey Shuren, the director of its Center for Devices and Radiological Health, issued a statement in which he called the study's results "mostly equivocal, or ambiguous" before going on to say, "I want to underscore that based on our ongoing evaluation of this issue and taking into account all available scientific evidence we have received, we have not found sufficient evidence that there are adverse health effects in humans caused by exposures at or under the current radio-frequency energy exposure limits."
Expect this to all happen again when the report clears its final review.
St Helens boss Justin Holbrook heaped praise on long-serving hooker James Roby after he inspired an impressive 26-12 win at Castleford in the Super 8s opener.
The Tigers had not lost at Wheldon Road in just over 12 months but Roby showed his enduring class with a second-half brace to secure a victory which moved Saints into the top four.
Zeb Taia and Jonny Lomax were also on target for a St Helens outfit who continue to show significant improvement under Holbrook.
The Australian arrived in May after Keiron Cunningham was sacked and has presided over a steady revival which could yet end up with a Grand Final appearance at Old Trafford in October.
Head coach Holbrook said: “It was always going to be a tough game, we knew that and we expected it, so to come here tonight and get the win, I couldn't be happier.
“No matter how much homework you do, Castleford are still a very dangerous side and it was up to our boys to continually make the right decisions in defence.
“We did that and it was really pleasing, plus James Roby is as a good a nine as I've seen.
“He's not just tough and creative, he's also fit, and he's a great guy.
“He loves playing rugby league and they are the type of players you need when you have a tough assignment like we had tonight.
“He was fantastic and I've been happy with how we're playing and training. I think we're getting better, that's for sure.”
Rookie scrum-half Danny Richardson was withdrawn with concussion at the end of the second half and replaced by fit-again Matty Smith.
But Holbrook added: “He had a bit of concussion and a swollen eye, but he could have gone back on.”
Castleford boss Daryl Powell refused to be downhearted with his side's loss as they look to wrap up the League Leaders' Shield in their coming games.
Powell said: “I don't think there was much between the teams, but they defended pretty well and there were some key turning points in the game.
“It was pretty tight leading up to half-time, but I thought Saints played really well and I expected them to.
“We haven't had this feeling for a fair while, but I think it will probably help us to move down the track.
“Our effort was fantastic and the intensity of the game was great but they were the better side.
“I just said to the boys ‘I think we will learn from this' and it could help us.'”
The Killers have released a new single titled “The Man.”
Related: The Killers Perform New Track, ‘Run for Cover'
The track is the first new music from the band since their 2012 album Battle Born (assuming you don't count their 2016 Christmas album Don't Waste Your Wishes). Hopefully, this signals a fifth studio effort is imminent.
Check out the latest from The Killers below.
NEW YORK, April 20 Shares of railroad operator CSX Corp jumped more than 6 percent on Thursday after the company reported better-than-expected quarterly earnings and its CEO said it aims at lower costs, including job reductions, and improved margins.
The company also announced a new share repurchase program and said it expects record efficiency gains on its way to a full-year 2017 operating ratio in the mid-60s.
Chief Executive Hunter Harrison said in a call with analysts that the No. 3 U.S. railroad also plans to bring 250-300 jobs it has in India to the United States.
Harrison said the Jacksonville, Florida-based railroad would trim costs, including through employee attrition, to improve margins through 2017 and beyond.
"It's not going to happen overnight," he said, adding: "I think you can have industry leading margins. I think you will have."
The company's stock hit a life high of $51.28 in early trading on Thursday and was last trading up 6.5 percent at $49.98 on Nasdaq.
Harrison, who was appointed chief executive officer earlier this year, said he expects to see attrition in the "8.5 - 9 percent" range, but declined to specify the number of reductions. He noted, however, that the plan includes employees, contractors, consultants, "all of the above - everybody that gets a check."
Regarding the jobs in India, Harrison said: "I can't worry about India right now. I'm more worried about CSX and Jacksonville and made in America."
CSX on Wednesday said its quarterly net profit gains were driven by rising freight volumes across most of the markets it covers and said it plans to cut costs and boost profitability moving forward.
(Reporting by Luciana Lopez; additional reporting by Allison Lampert in Montreal; Editing by Dan Grebler)
Here are four words Archie Andrews could be hearing a lot in the near future: “You have a visitor.”
Riverdale‘s second season ended with KJ Apa‘s character being hauled off in handcuffs — framed by Hiram Lodge for the murder of Cassidy Bullock — and if Archie's legal luck continues to proceed in this direction, he could be spending some time behind bars.
But don't worry, the most popular kid in school would also be the most popular kid in the clink; when TVLine recently caught up with Apa's co-stars on the CW Upfront carpet in New York, they all seemed certain that their characters would visit Archie during his hour of need.
Vanessa Morgan thinks Toni could offer him some sage advice from her own past run-ins with the law, Charles Melton believes that Reggie could put his issues with Archie aside (for now), and Cole Sprouse… well, let's just say he has some big ideas about what Jughead can do for his best friend. And they each involve a different type of explosive.
Hit PLAY on the video above to see which Riverdale residents will be visiting Archie in the clink, then drop a comment with your own hopes for Season 3 below.
4:22 Dashcam video of Rep. Chris Corley arrest Pause
0:54 Dabo Swinney and Clemson's 5 goals
1:02 The importance of South Carolina's Electoral College and how it works
4:53 Dawn Staley talks about performance over Alabama
2:54 Dylann Roof confesses to Charleston shooting, explains motive
1:55 Godspeed, John Glenn: 1921-2016
4:00 QB Bobby Fuller reminisces about USC playing days, his moment in the movies
1:48 Clemson coach Dabo Swinney on what he learned from 2015 CFP
5:37 Fork&Goal: Latin flavors inspire Game Day tailgating recipes for the Birmingham Bowl
Up until them the route will be served by the Irish airline CityJet.
There has been a service between Antwerp and London City since 1993. The route was first operated by VLM, but since 2008 the service has been provided by CityJet.
The CEO of Antwerp Airport Marcel Buelens told journalists that he is pleased that VLM is taking over the route.
“The Antwerp-London City Airport route is of great importance as it connect two of Europe most important commercial centres. In the past we have proved that this route is the quickest alternative for business and leisure travelers alike. Both airports benefit from short check-in times and are near to the city centre”.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected her to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at his arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
A British woman who says Harvey Weinstein subjected her to unwanted groping and kissing in 1991 says she's thrilled at his arrest Friday on sex charges involving two other women.
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
President Donald Trump is welcoming North Korea's statement that it was still willing to meet despite his cancellation of the summit
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
An American delegation is holding talks with North Koreans officials in the Demilitarized Zone as planning seems to move ahead for the on-off-perhaps on again summit between President Donald Trump and the North's Kim Jong-un.
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
The National Weather Service says nearly eight inches of rain flooded a Maryland community that was devastated by an earlier flash flood just two years ago
President Donald Trump is being criticized for his self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which he said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
President Donald Trump is being criticized for his self-congratulatory tone in a Memorial Day tweet in which he said "those who died for our great country would be very happy and proud at how well our country is doing today" and then cited the economy
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and his personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
Lawyers for President Donald Trump and his personal attorney, Michael Cohen, are appearing again before a judge in New York as part of an ongoing legal tussle about records seized from Cohen by the FBI
A judge has thrown out a 2016 California law allowing terminally ill people to end their lives after finding that the Legislature illegally approved it during a special session.
A judge has thrown out a 2016 California law allowing terminally ill people to end their lives after finding that the Legislature illegally approved it during a special session.
Harvey Weinstein won't testify before the New York grand jury weighing whether to indict him on rape and other sex charges.
Harvey Weinstein won't testify before the New York grand jury weighing whether to indict him on rape and other sex charges.
Authorities say at least two people injured when a crane collapses in a Florida neighborhood.
Authorities say at least two people injured when a crane collapses in a Florida neighborhood.
(Carline Jean/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP). A crane boom crashed into several homes, causing injuries in Lauderhill, Fla., on Wednesday afternoon, May 30, 2018, a fire official said. Authorities say at least two people were injured when the crane...
(Carline Jean/South Florida Sun-Sentinel via AP). A crane boom crashed into several homes, causing injuries in Lauderhill, Fla., on Wednesday afternoon, May 30, 2018, a fire official said. Authorities say at least two people were injured when the crane...
A court-appointed official has given a New York judge an upbeat report on how fast attorney-client privilege designations are being applied to materials seized from President Donald Trump's personal lawyer.
A court-appointed official has given a New York judge an upbeat report on how fast attorney-client privilege designations are being applied to materials seized from President Donald Trump's personal lawyer.
Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens is resigning, marking a stunning political defeat for a promising new politician with aspirations of one day becoming president.
Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens is resigning, marking a stunning political defeat for a promising new politician with aspirations of one day becoming president.
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(AP Photo/Joe Skipper). FILE - In this March 24, 2018 file photo, people take part in a "March For Our Lives" rally Saturday, March 24, 2018, in Parkland, Fla. TA new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and MTV reveal...
(AP Photo/Joe Skipper). FILE - In this March 24, 2018 file photo, people take part in a "March For Our Lives" rally Saturday, March 24, 2018, in Parkland, Fla. TA new poll from The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and MTV reveal...
St. Louis' top prosecutor is pushing back against Gov. Eric Greitens' past statements that the charges she initially filed against him were part of a coordinated "witch hunt.".
St. Louis' top prosecutor is pushing back against Gov. Eric Greitens' past statements that the charges she initially filed against him were part of a coordinated "witch hunt.".
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
The Virginia Senate has voted to expand Medicaid, ending years of partisan gridlock on whether to widen coverage under the health care program for poor people.
The Virginia Senate has voted to expand Medicaid, ending years of partisan gridlock on whether to widen coverage under the health care program for poor people.
(AP Photo/Tom James). Supermarket shelves are stripped bare of bottled water in Salem, Ore., late Tuesday May 29, 2018, after officials warned residents that tap water was unsafe for children and the elderly due to an algae bloom. The head of Oregon's ...
By TOM JAMES
Associated Press
SALEM, Ore. (AP) - Oregon's emergency alert systems blasted a cryptic alert to cellphones around the capital city, panicking residents by telling them simply "Civil Emergency" and "Prepare for Action" and leaving off that the threat was toxic algae at a local water supply.
Officials wanted to warn Salem-area residents Tuesday night that elevated levels of a natural toxin caused by the algae bloom had made area tap water unsafe for children and people with compromised immune systems. But that information got cut off, and a more ominous-sounding default message went out in its place, said Andrew Phelps, head of the state emergency management agency.
Officials sent a second message 31 minutes later with more information and a link to a municipal website.
Within hours of the first alert, residents stripped the aisles at one supermarket in the city's downtown center of bottled water, and a shopping cart lay tipped on its side in front of the empty shelves. Workers brought out a pallet of sparkling water, which they placed at the front of the store, and told customers they hoped they'd get more regular water in the morning.
The incident marked a high-profile glitch in authorities' use of emergency alert systems, following a false alarm sent out by Hawaii officials in January warning of an incoming ballistic missile.
In Oregon, confusion surrounded the initial alert even within the emergency management agency, with an official telling reporters the message had caught them unaware and state police asking residents via a Facebook post not to call 911 about the alert.
And when officials directed residents to the city of Salem's municipal website for more information, the site briefly crashed under the load.
"The integrated public alert warning system inadvertently defaulted to a generic message," Phelps said in a video posted on social media by the Office of Emergency Management. "I apologize for the confusion and the anxiety this incomplete message has caused."
Phelps said the message had also been broadcast via local television stations.
Cole Mahaffey, a Salem resident, set down a case of bottled water Wednesday he was carrying down the sidewalk and described the uneasy feeling of seeing the first alert arrive on his phone, with an ominous warning but no other information.
"It almost made me not want to go outside," Mahaffey said, adding that the alert caught him at the gym, and that he had interrupted his exercise routine to ask staff at the front desk if they knew what it was about. "I didn't know if there was something going on in the area, or if there was a shooter, you just had no way of knowing."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
How should educators confront bigotry, racism and white supremacy? The incidents in Charlottesville, Va., this past weekend pushed that question from history to current events.
One teacher wondering aloud about his role is Derek Weimer. He taught James Alex Fields Jr., the man charged with murdering a woman and injuring multiple others by driving his car into a crowd of anti-racist marchers this weekend.
Weimer says he taught Fields in three classes at Cooper High School in Union, Ky. As NPR reported, he told member station WVXU reporter Bill Rinehart:
Weimer says Fields was intelligent and didn't cause trouble. But he says the quiet boy was also deeply into Adolf Hitler and white supremacy. Weimer says he did his best to steer Fields away from those interests and thought he had succeeded in doing so. On hearing about the incident in Charlottesville, Weimer said he felt that he failed as a teacher.
For 40 years, the nonprofit Facing History and Ourselves has been training teachers to confront racism and bigotry. By studying the moral decisions facing people at historical moments, from Reconstruction to Kristallnacht to the civil rights era, they hope "to empower students to work against bigotry and injustice or improper uses of power," says Roger Brooks, president and CEO. "We sum everything up by saying people make choices and choices make history."
Studies show that the curriculum produces academic, social and emotional gains in students. A time like this, says Brooks, is the ultimate teachable moment:
"There's a whole lot teachers can slow down and unpack with their students rather than get completely caught up in the emotion of the moment."
Indeed, just hours after the attack, teachers were sharing resources online, and we heard from more after reaching out in our newsletter. Here are some resources and ideas for the fast-approaching school year.
Just starting out
More than 80 percent of public school teachers are white, while half of all students are people of color. Some teachers may never have directly talked about race or racism, particularly with younger children. Brooks suggests they start by making an "identity chart". This is a way to find commonalities as well as celebrate differences.
Diverse books: Some teachers will introduce topics of racism, civil rights and diversity, especially to younger students, through books. Here is a curated list of 50 social justice books from the nonprofit Teaching for Change. Here is a second, broken down by grade level, by The National Network of State Teachers of the Year.
Teaching Tolerance has lesson plans for students as young as kindergarten that cover bias and social justice.
Historical background
The Graduate Student Coalition for Liberation at The University of Virginia in Charlottesville published a syllabus on Medium that includes primary and secondary historical resources on the local history of segregationism, as well as the urban renewal that displaced African-Americans in the city. There is also background on the dispute over the statue of Confederate general Robert E. Lee that was the focal point of the rally this past weekend.
Facing History and Ourselves is an evidence-based social studies curriculum for middle and high school students that grounds discussions of racism and prejudice in students' own moral dilemmas.
American Federation for Teachers president, Randi Weingarten, shared some collections of lesson plans from AFT's Share My Lesson platform: on racial profiling and stereotyping, on civil rights and social justice, on bullying and helping children cope with traumatic events.
Ripped from the headlines
The Atlantic contributing writer Melinda Anderson created the hashtag #CharlottesvilleCurriculum on Twitter to serve as an ongoing list of resources to teach responsively to current events. Sources highlighted include the Equal Justice Initiative and the Citizenship and Social Justice Curriculum.
To help make sense of the news, the Critical Media Project of the University of Southern California offers lesson plans and resources for talking about media literacy as it relates to race, ethnicity and identity.
If you have more to add, we'd love to hear from you @npr_ed on Twitter.
30 May, Kolkata (Press Release) – Avinandan Bose and Dedipya Ray bagged perfect score in West Bengal Joint Entrance Examination. Both were students of Edupace Academy Classroom program and were using InnovED Global online test series for online preparation. They thanked Edupace academy and InnovED Global for providing study material and teaching the techniques required to achieve high scores.
Unlike previous years, where a predictable list of schools provided toppers, this year the story was different. Both the students did not belong to the schools providing the toppers.
The reasons behind both the students getting the top ranks were a lot of dedication and use of complex algorithm provided by InnovED Global to predict the paper.
With the help of complex algorithm artificial intelligence, the test paper can be predicted, and the test can be made accordingly such that almost every relevant topic is covered.
Last year, InnovED Global produced All India JEE Advanced Mathematics topper who scored 122 out of 122 in Mathematics.
West Bengal Joint Entrance Examination
West Bengal Joint Entrance Examination or the WBJEE is a state-government controlled centralized test, conducted by the West Bengal Joint Entrance Examinations Board (WBJEEB) for admission to many private and governmental medical and engineering institutions in West Bengal. The test is conducted after the 12th grade for admission to Graduation (bachelors) courses.
The Board is empowered to conduct common, combined, competitive, entrance examinations for admission to the undergraduate professional and vocational courses in any College or in any University in the State of West Bengal.
About InnovED Global
InnovED Global is founded by Rohit Singh, an IIT Delhi Alumnus, with the mission to provide exam preparation platform to the masses. InnovED Global started in September 2016 in association with EduPace Academy to provide online test platform to the students.
In the pilot run, InnovED Global was used by 78 students, out of which 40 got selected in various engineering exams including IIT JEE and WB JEE. Not only that, All India IIT Advance Maths topper was one of the students among these 78 students.
With its ranker's level content and robust software InnovED Global aims for more rankers in various examinations.
InnovED Global test series has various essential features needed by the students.
• Mobile & Tablet responsive. Now prepare anytime, anywhere without the need to download any mobile application. InnovED Global test series is made such that questions resize according to the electronic device student is using.
• Every changing and New Content every year. Whereas most of the test series in India use same content every year, InnovED Global stands itself out from others by providing new content every year, which is prepared by studying previous year exams question pattern.
• Focuses on Self-assessment. Instead of comparing students with one another, InnovED Global focuses its analytics on self-assessment.
• Relevant questions. Instead of bombarding students with a set of questions, InnovED Global test series chooses only the relevant and best questions for the student.
• Parent involvement. InnovED Global test series specially prepared Parent Module so that parents can see their children reports easily.
Talking about the commitments of InnovED Global, “The platform is continuously evolving to meet the challenges and innovation of the future while maintaining a tradition of excellence, and accessibility.
Media Contact –
Rohit Singh
Contact Email Id: rohit@innovedglobal.com
Contact Number: 7021966405
https://innovedglobal.com/
We have our first reliable Pixel 3 rumor of the year. A report from Bloomberg claims that Foxconn will be the manufacturer for the Pixel 3 and details several aspects of the phone's new design.
Over the weekend, Android sites were buzzing about a smartphone screen-protector leak from the depths of China's Twitter-like Weibo social media service. We opted not to publish the leak because it was totally unsourced—no one was vouching for its authenticity. The new details from Bloomberg's report line up with the screen protector though, making it seem like a legit item.
Further Reading Pixel 2 and 2 XL review—The best Android phone you can buy First up: the manufacturing news. Bloomberg says Google is again planning a "Pixel 3" and "Pixel 3 XL," and just like Apple, the phone will be made by Foxconn. This implies the phone is more of an "in-house" job than Pixel devices in the past, since the Pixel 1, 1 XL, and Pixel 2 were all made as a collaboration between Google and HTC, while the Pixel 2 XL was made with LG. Earlier, Google made a $1.1 billion deal with HTC and one of its smartphone design teams, which consisted of 2000 employees. Bloomberg's report says this team is "heavily involved" in the development of this phone. That deal only closed in January, so HTC's former team hasn't been around long enough to do a top-to-bottom in-house design, but they have apparently been around long enough to not need to involve an OEM like LG or HTC.
Next, Bloomberg gives a description of the phones, and be sure to mentally check off features from this weekend's screen-protector leak, shown above. The report says the Pixel 3 XL has a "nearly edge-to-edge screen, except for a thicker bezel known as a chin at the bottom of the phone. The display also will have a notch—or a cutout—at the top." The report says the notch "won't be as wide as a similar feature on the iPhone X, but is noticeably taller."
The Bloomberg report also explains the two large holes inside the notch, saying "the bigger Pixel will include two camera lenses on the front of the phone." Interestingly, the report says there will still be only one camera on the back, even though there are now two in the front.
As for the smaller Pixel 3, again Bloomberg's report lines up with the screen protector, saying "the smaller model will look similar to the Pixel 2 and won't include the notch or edge-to-edge look." While the alleged Pixel 3 screen-protector leak also shows it with two large holes for dual front cameras, Bloomberg does not vouch for that aspect of the leak.
With Bloomberg and the screen protector both pointing to the same design aspects, we can get a better idea of what the final phone might look like thanks to @PhoneDesigner on Twitter. Using the screen protectors as a base, the user made speculative renders of what the Pixel 3 and Pixel 3 XL might look like. Of course, the sides and backs are purely up to the artist's imagination, but it's hard to go wrong with the front design if you have a screen outline to work from.
Bloomberg pegs October for the release date, with Verizon Wireless again being the "exclusive" carrier partner in the US. We even get a tip about a future Pixel phone, with Bloomberg saying "Google aims to eventually remove the bezels completely in a future Pixel but is retaining the notch and chin this year to keep stereo speakers on the front of the phone."
There are still lots of questions here. What's the reasoning behind two cameras in the front but one in the back? In keeping with Google Hardware's need to follow Apple's lead, will the front camera be used for some kind of Face ID-like biometric system? What about the fingerprint reader? Will it be on the back, or will it use one of the new in-screen fingerprint readers we keep hearing about? The Pixel 2 introduced us to the Pixel Visual Core, a Google-designed SoC for the camera, so will the Pixel 3 include some new custom Google silicon?
The screen-protector leak and Bloomberg both claim the Pixel 3 XL will have a large notch, and it certainly looks large enough to require a distorted, larger-than-normal status bar, like the Essential Phone. That would put the design behind companies that have figured out how to make a notch small enough to fit inside the normal status-bar height, like LG and OnePlus.
Falling behind the other hardware manufacturers would be typical of Google's Pixel line. The Pixel 1 and 2 weren't the best hardware of their generation, but they did have the best Android software. It looks like the Pixel 3 will be following suit.
"The school is so important to me, my family and our community in that the school brings everybody together," he said. "The school is kind of that tie that binds, that makes it a community for everybody."
This town knows it can always count on cotton, but oil is much more fickle and a major contributor to the situation the basketball team is in. Just five years ago, property values in the district were more than $260 million. Last year, plummeting oil prices put the values at just $90 million and left Dawson, like all schools dependent on property taxes, scrambling for ways to remain open.
The uncertainty prompted the majority of Dawson's 12-person junior class to transfer elsewhere last summer. That exodus combined with two Christmas break transfers left the school with just 18 students. They had seven boys to field their six-man football team this fall, but with a three-person eighth grade class, all girls, there won't be enough students to play football next season.
There may not be enough to put separate basketball teams on the court, either.
"In the bigger schools, it's next man up," said Jeff Fleenor, the principal and superintendent who has two daughters on the basketball team. "Here there's not that next man."
Dawson basketball teams played separately before the holiday break, but nagging injuries often left the five-girl team with just three healthy players. And after two of the seven members of the boys team returned to South Texas after their migrant-worker parents finished seasonal work, the school's two coaches and Fleenor decided to meld the group into one team to guarantee a complete season.
The University Interscholastic League, which regulates public high school sports in Texas, approved the consolidation with the condition that the team play a boy's schedule through the season.
"The girls were in trouble, the boys were in trouble," coach Ed Robison said. "It wasn't that we saved the girls program or the boys, but we were able to help out both programs by combining. At least we have a stable team that will show up and be able to play every night."
No one can remember a time when teams were consolidated like this. But several coaches in the area recalled times where small schools had a single girl who mostly rode the bench on the boys team because there wasn't a girls team.
The Dragons play in a gym that has just five rows of seats on the home side and three on the visitor's. It's the focal point of the one-building school that serves children from kindergarten to 12th grade. A painting of a large purple dragon in midflight dominates one wall and the words to the school song highlight another.
Those words paint a picture of the landscape the school calls home: "In the midst of dark oil derricks, cotton fields in bloom, stands the best of royal high schools, Dawson here's to you."
The 18-year-old Horton is expected to be the school's valedictorian this year. She's thoughtful and polite and exudes an eloquence of someone much older. She averaged almost 20 points for the girl's team, but has had to adjust her game and become more of a facilitator now that she's competing against boys.
It's not an ideal situation for her and the other four girls on the team, but Horton focuses on the positives of the compromise.
"We're able to respect the opportunity more and we're even more thankful for it," she said. "Yeah, it can be kind of a curse in some ways but more than that it's a blessing that we've learned to handle adversity that nobody else could even imagine."
The girls say most of Dawson's opponents have been respectful. There have been a few sexist comments, and Robison said he's heard some of the boys from other teams saying things like: 'Hey, babe, what's your number? What's going on?'"
Horton tries to tune out those things and wishes it wasn't an issue.
"We're not out here as girl basketball players, we're just basketball players," she said. "We want to play the game. We're not asking you to play us differently."
The team hasn't fared well since the consolidation, but did beat Loop 51-21 in mid-January for its first win as a co-ed squad to earn team of the week honours from a Lubbock television station. Coaches and players take great pride in that recognition. Though they often end up on the wrong end of lopsided games, the Dragons are improving and believe they're gaining respect around the district.
"It's not like a side show," said coach Tonja Edens, the former girls coach who teams with Robison to lead the co-ed group. "We're out here competing."
Grumbles, the Sands coach, shared the message he had for his guys before they faced Dawson.
"I told my team you've got to play against them just like they're boys because we're playing a boys schedule," he said. "You're not playing against girls. You've got to take them seriously. In this situation it doesn't matter what gender they are, you have to play like it's just another high school game."
Edens, who played college basketball at a Division III school, said there was some concern about the safety of the girls because of the size and strength of varsity boys. They asked each girl about the risks and all agreed it was worth it to salvage their season.
She's to adjust her coaching style to accommodate the change.
"You're not going to get bigger than them or stronger than them," she said. "So you're going to have to get smarter. You need to stay on the ground. You need to block them out."
Donovan Thornton is the only senior boy on the team, now split evenly with five boys and five girls. The soft-spoken Thornton raves about the leadership Horton has provided and said some of the things he's heard from opposing teams have ticked him off.
"It does upset me because we came together just to play basketball," he said. "We want to play basketball and the fact that people want to downgrade us, it's not right."
Other than that, he's been perfectly happy with this set up because it ensured that Dawson gets to play every game in his last season, which has only a few games left. He believes the group has merged well and said a sign hanging in the middle of the gym that read: "Peanut Butter & Jelly" is a representation of that fact.
"It's an analogy like the girls and boys go together like peanut butter and jelly go together on a sandwich," he said before flashing a big grin and trotting back to practice.
By Kristie Rieken, The Associated Press
Two iconic figures will be on stage at Cheltenham's Everyman Theatre next week, although they are perhaps iconic in different ways.
Dame Sian Phillips is a giant of 20th Century British theatre, she trained at RADA and began her was very soon after graduation starring in Stratford with the Royal Shakespeare Company.
A glittering stage and screen career, which includes a Golden Globe Award, two Best Actress Baftas and several nominations for Tony and Olivier Awards saw her given a Damehood in 2016.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
Her co-star in Driving Miss Daisy, which begins on Monday and runs until next Saturday is Derek Griffiths.
He's a hugely respected actor himself, but to anyone over 40 his name is instantly recognisable from his stint on Play School and Play Away on BBC TV in the 1970s, where his irrepressible sense of fun impressed itself on a generation of British children.
(I mentioned his name to everyone who might remember him from those days and the reaction is universally one of delight and affection.)
Dame Sian said she still enjoys touring a show around regional theatres before transferring to London's West End.
She said: “In every town there's a new art gallery, there are new things to see and do and look at.
“I also think the audiences in provincial theatres are a bit different - they're very attentive and appreciative, often more so than audiences in London. I've never before performed In Cheltenham, but I have family in the area, so I do know the town.”
For Derek, Cheltenham will be a new experience, as it is touring. He said: “I did a short tour with the RSC but that was just a few nights. This is a proper tour and I haven't really done one before, I'm really enjoying it.”
And does he wish that perhaps people like me had moved on from our nostalgic memories of him entertaining us with Big Ted and Hamble on kids' TV and took more note of his work both in the theatre and on TV in shows as diverse as Coronation Street, Casualty and Holby City and Silent Witness?
“No, not at all. There's such a spectrum of TV and films and theatre that it's lovely to be remembered at all, and to learn that I've given people a lot of pleasure is always a nice thing.”
Driving Miss Daisy is known for winning the Oscar for Best Picture in 1990 and winning Jessica Tandy her Best Actress Oscar for her part as the irascible southern American matriarch who reluctantly accepts being driven by the African American Hoke.
The play also won the Pulitzer Prize for best drama in 1988.
Dame Sian said: “It was originally scheduled for two weeks in a small theatre seating 80 people. And it's never really been out of production since.
“It's a very solid work.”
Derek added: “It's first and foremost a piece of entertainment. It does have some messages, and race is one of those of course. It examines attitudes form a time and place, but those attitudes still exist in many places, in some places in the USA, in South Africa, in many places.
“So it is an entertainment but it will also make us think about these things – but it's basically the story of two people who come together and make a firm and loving friendship.”
Which is what has happened to Dame Sian and Derek and Teddy Kempner, the third member of the cast.
Derek said: “I call us the Three Musketeers, we have breakfast and lunch and dinner together, we walk together and we laugh together. We're a very happy team.
“Somebody said to me at the stage door the other night that it shows on stage, so that can only be good.”
Driving Miss Daisy runs at the Everyman Theatre in Regents Street form Monday October 9 to Saturday 14.
Tickets are available from the Box office on 01242 572573 or online at the theatre's website
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Speaking in front of MSPs at Holyrood, Mr Gove made the suggestion that the farming industry could "think about looking further afield" when recruiting labour.The farming industry employs a huge number of migrant workers from the European Union, and fears the loss of freedom of movement post-Brexit will bring a " catastrophic failure " for the industry.SNP MSP Gail Ross raised the concern with the Defra Secretary, telling him Scottish businesses in “soft fruit, salmon farming and fish processing sectors are particularly dependent on migrant workers”.She told him: “Some of these sectors have already seen a fall in people wanting to come and work here from the European Union.”Mr Gove argued that migrant patterns constantly change. He said: “Over time the course of labour from different parts of the European Union in our agricultural and food production sectors has changed, a wee while ago it tended to be people from Poland and the Baltic states, now increasingly it is people from Romania and Bulgaria.“And that reflects the relative stage of economic development of those countries.”He then told the Holyrood session that the government may be looking "further afield" to countries like Ukraine.“We will need to think in the future how workers from the [sic] Ukraine or other countries who want to come here can do so in an appropriate fashion,” he said.Mr Gove isn't the first person to touch upon the idea of encouraging migrant labour from Ukraine.Last year, Tim Chambers, who runs fruit and vegetable farm W.B.Chambers & Son in Kent and voted for Brexit, argued that farmers could attract labour from outside of the EU, from countries such as Ukraine and Belarus He said: “The workforce can come from outside of Europe. The rest of Europe has a labour shortage. Other countries in Europe are already solving that by bringing in workers from Ukraine and Belarussian.”
Complete access to news articles on azcapitoltimes.com is available to Arizona Capitol Times' subscribers who are logged in. Subscribers may login at the login tab below. Others may join our audience of successful Arizonans with a subscription today
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
NATIONWIDE — They've become some of the most well known and definitely the youngest activists in America and today Twitter hosted a live Q&A with six of the Parkland students heading up the March for our Lives in DC, giving viewers a chance to get to know them better.
Like Ryan Deitsch, who is the founder of the school's improv club; Emma Gonzalez, who described herself as a Hufflepuff; and David Hogg, who is the director of the school's TV news program, which he says, “nobody really watches, but it's okay because we work really hard.”
But it wasn't all sunshine and lollipops. Some tensions arose when questions were asked about Kyle Kashuv, a conservative activist and student from Marjory Stoneman Douglas, who wasn't a part of the panel. Twitter says they're working to have him on at a later date, but that didn't stop a little shade throwing between the two sides.
“I think what happens when people call us out like Kyle called me out, that is not how we're going to get things done at all,” said David Hogg.
“We're fighting for everyone, including those who don't necessarily want us to fight for them. Unfortunately, they will be saved too,” said Cameron Kasky, adding after an awkward pause, “That was sarcastic. We're happy to help everyone.”
Looks like this debate is raging at every level, and there's no doubt that this discussion is bigger than it's ever been.
This Saturday the March for Our Lives will be happening all over the country, including marches in Dallas and Fort Worth. And with massive school walkouts already happening and huge marches planned, there's no way of knowing what will come next.
From its arrival in the U.S. in 1958 through 2008, Subaru of America had never posted a better year than 201,000 sales. It was a niche player, with about 1 percent market share in the early 2000s. Since then, Subaru's annual sales have tripled, to a record-setting 615,132 last year; the company is celebrating its 64th month of consecutive year-over-year sales gains.
Can it all be attributed to one ad campaign, and the tagline, “Love. It's what makes a Subaru, a Subaru?” Alan Bethke, Subaru of American marketing vice president, makes a strong argument that the answer is yes.
After years of different ad campaigns with various agencies that had done little to push the sales needle, it was time for a change. Subaru named Carmichael Lynch its agency of record in 2007, and set out to ask customers why they weren't buying Subarus.
"If you'd ask a Subaru owner what they'd think about the car, the vast majority of the time they'd always answer the same way. Their answer was, they loved it."
“Sixty-six percent of the people in this country that didn't buy a Subaru did not because they weren't aware of our brand at all,” Bethke says. “And if there were aware a little bit, they didn't know enough to have a positive opinion to make this giant purchase make sense.”
Next Subaru realized it had to find out why existing owners did purchase Subarus. Typically the answers revolved around the things that the company had already put in its advertising: safety, build quality, all-wheel-drive traction, and so on. But one thing kept coming up and triggered a lightbulb moment for Subaru.
“If you'd ask a Subaru owner what they'd think about the car, the vast majority of the time they'd always answer the same way. Their answer was, they loved it,” Bethke says. “It didn't really matter what they had or who they were. The one thing that really kind of made [owners] the same was that answer.”
So Subaru switched its ad campaigns from traditionally rational ones to emotional ones. The new tagline was, "Love. It's what makes a Subaru, a Subaru." Whereas Subaru ads of yore focused only on safety, build quality, and the benefits of all-wheel drive – logical arguments for buying the car – the “Love” campaign focuses more on the emotional, tug-at-your-heartstrings reasons for trying a car. There were commercials showing groups of friends going on camping trips, families handing down cars to their children, and so on. The result? Car shoppers ended up with a much greater interest in Subaru.
“The effect of the idea on these people is dramatic,” Bethke says. Among people who had seen the “Love” ad campaign, “Awareness [of Subaru] goes up 27 points, familiarity triples, excellent opinion goes up 400 percent.”
More importantly, sales boom. There's a notable leap in sales every year after 2008 – and Subaru likes to note that those are mostly retail sales, with few sent to rental fleets.
Among people who had seen the "Love" ad campaign, "Awareness [of Subaru] goes up 27 points, familiarity triples, excellent opinion goes up 400 percent."
Of course, correlation does not imply causation; Michael McHale, Subaru of America director of corporate communications, admits that there were many other reasons for the brand's huge sales explosion.
“Everything, over the last ten years, just got a little bit better,” he says. “The dealers got a little bit better, the showrooms are a little better, the advertising is quite a bit better, the products got bigger and more suited for the American market.”
Still, there's no denying that Subaru's rise from niche player to mainstream contender – it's the eighth best-selling brand in the U.S. so far this year – coincided with the new advertising efforts. Love, then, is at least part of what made Subaru a household name.
“This isn't everything that did it," says Bethke. "But maybe this helped a little bit."
As Colombia is grieving over Tuesday's World Cup penalty shootout loss to England, Monaco striker Radamel Falcao and Argentina legend Diego Maradona suggested their versions of why the team was knocked out of the World Cup, and are blaming the referee.
Standing in front of the reporters after Tuesday's defeat by England on penalties in the best of 16 round, Colombia captain Radamel Falcao criticized American referee Mark Geiger for what he called a bias towards England.
READ MORE: England Knocks Out Colombia in FIFA World Cup Round of 16 in Penalty Shootout
"I found it peculiar that they put an American referee in this instance," Falcao said, as quoted by ESPN.
"To tell you the truth, the process leaves a lot of doubts. He only spoke English, some bias was certain." The striker went on to say that the referee was favoring England in the 50-50 plays.
Falcao's anger was mirrored by Diego Maradona. The Argentine icon claimed Colombia suffered a "monumental theft", referring to Mark Geiger's performance.
Speaking to Venezuelan TV channel teleSUR, he said: "I saw a monumental theft on the pitch. I apologize to all the Colombian people, but the players are not to blame as we don't choose the referees."
"The referees are chosen by [Pierluigi] Collina, who was appointed by Infantino to change the new FIFA from thieves and fixers, and today we saw the opposite — an old and fixed FIFA."
© REUTERS / Lucy Nicholson Cristiano Ronaldo, Spain Controversy: Twitter Storm Erupts Over VAR Decisions
Colombia conceded 23 fouls in Tuesday's tense clash, compared to England's thirteen. The Latin American squad was shown six out of the eight yellow cards. Geiger also awarded the Three Lions a spot kick after Harry Kane was pulled down in the box.
England will face Sweden in Samara on Saturday for a place in the semi-finals.
CHARLOTTE, N.C. — Panthers coach Ron Rivera says Cam Newton's apology for a sexist remark to a female reporter was "something that was needed to be said."
"I think it was well said and well put," Rivera said Friday. "I think it was well said and well put. I just it something we can move forward .. and start again. It's a tough set of circumstances and hopefully this can settle things so we can go forward."
Newton made his remarks during a news conference Wednesday when Charlotte Observer reporter Jourdan Rodrigue asked the 2015 NFL MVP about wide receiver Devin Funchess' route running. The quarterback laughed and said, "It's funny to hear a female talk about routes. It's funny."
Newton issued a nearly two-minute apology on Twitter Thursday night, saying, "What I did was extremely unacceptable" and that he has "really learned a valuable lesson from this."
He hasn't directly apologized to Rodrigue, who is a beat reporter others say has a high knowledge of the game.
The NFL had issued a statement Wednesday night calling Newton's comments at the news conference "just plain wrong and disrespectful to the exceptional female reporters and all journalist who cover the league."
Newton issued his apology more than 24 hours after making his remarks, during which time he lost an endorsement deal when Dannon severed ties with him.
"After careful thought, I understand that my word choice was extremely degrading and disrespectful to women," the Panthers quarterback said. "To be honest, that was not my intentions. And if you are a person who took offence to what I said, I sincerely apologize to you."
In the video, Newton said he's a man who strives to be a positive role model in the community and who tries to use his platform to inspire others.
He also said he takes ownership to everything that comes with that.
© AFP 2016/ CARL DE SOUZA Man in Brazil Kills Ex-wife, Son, At Least Ten More at New Year's Eve Party
MOSCOW (Sputnik) — According to the ministry, over 100,000 law enforcement officials had ensured security in the country on the night of Saturday to Sunday.
"During the night, police officers along with the gendarmerie staff have detained 454 people, 301 of them have been taken into custody," the statement said.
The statement added that at the same time there were 650 cases of arson attacks on cars across the country in 2016, in comparison with 602 similar cases in 2015.
In addition to Valve publishing the top-grossing games on Steam for 2016 , they have also published their Steam Survey statistics for December 2016.These numbers for ending out 2016 put the Linux market-share at 0.87%, or down 0.01% compared to November 2016. Their numbers didn't show too much movement while macOS dropped by 0.15% and Windows went up by 0.2%, or continuing to put the overall Windows Steam marketshare at about 95.6%.While 0.01% change isn't too much, at this time last year the Steam Linux gaming market-share was 0.97% , or 0.1% higher. These numbers remain much lower than when Steam for Linux initially debuted and was closer to a 2% level. You could argue that Steam overall has picked up many new customers in 2016 so that the overall Linux market-share hasn't decreased in the number of Linux gamers, but it's not keeping up to other operating systems with Windows 10 not turning out to be a doomsday scenario some folks had once envisioned and SteamOS / Steam Machines haven't been some big white knight nor the other Linux desktop initiatives really panning out.Those wanting to dig through the Steam Survey numbers for December 2016 can find them here . Feel free to debate them in the forums and share your thoughts on the Linux gaming/desktop marketshare movement.
WHAT:
Francisella tularensis is the bacterium that causes tularemia, a life-threatening disease spread to humans via contact with an infected animal or through mosquito, tick or deer fly bites. As few as 10 viable bacteria can cause the disease, which has a death rate of up to 60 percent. Scientists from the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases--part of the National Institutes of Health--have unraveled the process by which the bacteria cause disease. They found that F. tularensis tricks host cell mitochondria, which produce energy for the cell, in two different phases of infection. In the first eight hours of infection, the bacteria increase mitochondria function, which inhibits cell death and prevents the cell from mounting an inflammatory response to avoid an immune system attack. In the 24 hours after, the bacteria impair mitochondrial function, undergo explosive replication and spread. These basic science findings could play a role in developing effective treatment strategies, according to the researchers.
Previously, researchers discovered that F. tularensis could inhibit inflammation following infection of immune system cells called macrophages, but they did not understand how it occurred. The new study, published in Infection and Immunity, illuminates that process, confirming that the bacterium's manipulation of the mitochondrial machinery in the host cell is required to block strong inflammatory responses. Also, the researchers show that the timing of the manipulation of the mitochondria machinery during infection is important to how the bacteria control host cell death. The researchers also said this could be the first study to show that a bacterium's sugar-like protective outer capsule, or polysaccharide, can increase mitochondria function, in this case, during early infection.
The researchers believe that better antimicrobial treatment strategies--against F. tularensis and possibly other pathogens--could result from further study of the role the capsule polysaccharide plays in manipulating mitochondria. For example, learning how to block the increased mitochondrial function in phase one could limit infection, they say. In their study, they also treated F. tularensis-infected macrophages in the laboratory with two types of drugs that protect mitochondria. The treatment reduced cell death and limited bacterial replication. The group plans to extend that work to mice.
###
ARTICLE:
F Jessop et al. Temporal manipulation of mitochondrial function by virulent Francisella tularensis to limit inflammation and control cell death. Infection and Immunity DOI: 10.1128/IAI.00044-18 (2018).
WHO:
Catharine Bosio, Ph.D., chief of NIAID's Immunity to Pulmonary Pathogens Section, is available to comment on this study.
CONTACT:
To schedule interviews, please contact Ken Pekoc, (301) 402-1663, kpekoc@niaid.nih.gov.
NIAID conducts and supports research--at NIH, throughout the United States, and worldwide--to study the causes of infectious and immune-mediated diseases, and to develop better means of preventing, diagnosing and treating these illnesses. News releases, fact sheets and other NIAID-related materials are available on the NIAID website.
About the National Institutes of Health (NIH): NIH, the nation's medical research agency, includes 27 Institutes and Centers and is a component of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services. NIH is the primary federal agency conducting and supporting basic, clinical, and translational medical research, and is investigating the causes, treatments, and cures for both common and rare diseases. For more information about NIH and its programs, visit http://www. nih. gov/ .
###
NIH...Turning Discovery Into Health®
Chrissy Teigen is tapping out of this feud.
The supermodel/Bravo superfan somehow found herself tangled up in the crossfires of a nasty battle between Kim Zolciak-Biermann and NeNe Leakes on this season of The Real Housewives of Atlanta — and now, she wants out.
“Ok I'm done with this,” she tweeted in response to a Bravo article about the drama Tuesday. “I've talked to Kim as much as I've talked to NeNe. As a fan. I love the show. As much as I love the show, I'm not on it for a reason, please remove me from this narrative. I don't do teams. Especially when I haven't spent any quality time with either person and don't genuinely know the people.”
Want to keep up on the latest from PEOPLE? Sign
up for our daily newsletter to get our best stories of the day delivered straight to your inbox.
“I am a fan and a viewer and y'all can keep this mess to yourselves please,” she continued, adding a crying-tears-of-laughter emoji.
Teigen, 32, went on to insist that she has no bad blood with either Zolciak-Biermann, 39, or Leakes, 50.
“For the record, any interaction I've had with Kim or NeNe has been delightful. And hilarious. All the Housewives, really,” she said. “There was only one Vanderpumper that needed a good push back down to earth. Actually, two Vanderpumpers. One is barely on. Thank God.”
I don't do teams. Especially when I haven't spent any quality time with either person and don't genuinely know the people. I am a fan and a viewer and y'all can keep this mess to yourselves please 🤣 — christine teigen (@chrissyteigen) April 24, 2018
Actually, two vanderpumpers. One is barely on. Thank god. — christine teigen (@chrissyteigen) April 24, 2018
From left: Kim Zolciak-Biermann, Chrissy Teigen, NeNe Leakes Charles Sykes/Bravo/NBCU Photo Bank via Getty; Jason Merritt/Getty; Charles Sykes/Bravo/NBCU Photo Bank via Getty
The ongoing feud between the RHOA stars has played out in detail this season. The tension first flared up last fall after Zolciak-Biermann's daughter Brielle, 21, alleged she found cockroaches in Leakes' home, which fueled a slew of public back-and-forth insults — including Leakes' insistence that Kim and Brielle are both “racists.”
RELATED: RHOA‘s Kim Zolciak-Biermann Claims Racism ‘Wasn't Real' and Is Magnified by Social Media
Teigen got roped into the feud after Leakes and her fellow Housewives brought up an incident in May where Zolciak-Biermann tweeted at Teigen asking for tickets to an upcoming concert put on by Teigen's husband John Legend.
“@chrissyteigen sooo [your] hubby is coming to ATL May 19 & Kash is beyond OBSESSED [with] him!” Zolciak-Biermann wrote of her 5-year-old son, then bringing up her eldest daughter, quipping: “Who does Brielle have to blow in order to meet him?? LOL.”
“Plz don't blow anyone it's not that good of a show,” Teigen responded. “[Just kidding] it's good but I'll get you tix without the oral.”
Plz don't blow anyone it's not that good of a show. Jk it's good but I'll get you tix without the oral — christine teigen (@chrissyteigen) May 4, 2017
During a heated argument earlier this season, the RHOA ladies accused Zolciak-Biermann of “pimping out” her daughter for tickets — and the incident was once again brought up on part 3 of the reunion, which aired on Sunday, with Zolciak-Biermann insisting the tweet was in jest and that she and Teigen are friends.
So what does Teigen make of it all?
“I did not give two s—ts about the tweet about tickets and Brielle,” Teigen tweeted Tuesday. “I took it as an obvious joke (whether it offended you or not) and we really let it go way further than necessary. Would have give NeNe tickets too but apparently the music ain't that good and she didn't ask. Lol.”
Would have give nene tickets too but apparently the music ain't that good and she didn't ask. Lol — christine teigen (@chrissyteigen) April 24, 2018
Teigen had previously addressed her and Legend's storyline on the show during an appearance on Watch What Happens Live with Andy Cohen in February.
“It almost went to actual blows over John tickets. It was so cool!” she said with a laugh. “I wanted to jump in and defend Kim. I wanted to be like: ‘Yeah, we are friends, we text and she came to the show and we're friendly.' But I got scared. Honestly, I'm scared to jump into any Atlanta fight, truly.”
February 15, 2017
by Nicole Winfield, The Associated Press
We rarely get to mention The Pope on CanadianManufacturing.com, but his comments after a meeting with indigenous leaders included a thinly-veiled critique of President Donald Trump's pipelines policy.
VATICAN CITY—Pope Francis insisted Feb. 15 that indigenous peoples must give prior consent for any economic activity on their ancestral lands—an indirect jab at the Donald Trump administration, which is pushing through construction on a $3.8 billion oil pipeline despite a wave of opposition from American Indians.
Francis met with representatives of indigenous peoples attending a U.N. agricultural meeting and said the key issue facing them is how to reconcile the right to development with protection of their cultures and territories.
“In this regard, the right to prior and informed consent should always prevail,” he said. “Only then is it possible to guarantee peaceful co-operation between governing authorities and indigenous peoples, overcoming confrontation and conflict.”
The Cheyenne River and Standing Rock Sioux tribes are suing to stop construction on the final stretch of the Dakota Access pipeline, which would bring oil from North Dakota's rich Bakken fields across four states to a shipping point in Illinois.
The tribes say the pipeline, being built by Texas-based Energy Transfer Partners, threatens their drinking water, cultural sites and ability to practice their religion, which depends on pure water. The last piece of the pipeline is to pass under a reservoir on the Missouri River, which marks the eastern border of both tribes' reservations.
The company has insisted the water supply will be safe.
In the waning days of the Obama administration, federal agencies that have authority over the reservoir said they would not give permission for pipe to be laid until an environmental study was done. U.S. President Donald Trump, who had long signalled his support for the pipeline, last month instructed the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to proceed with construction.
Francis, history's first Latin American pope, has been a keen backer of indigenous rights and has frequently spoken out about their plight.
The pipeline dispute has led to protests and clashes in recent months that have resulted in some 700 arrests.
Oops, you haven't selected any newsletters. Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again.
“Apple is planning to fight proposed electronics ‘Right to Repair' legislation being considered by the Nebraska state legislature, according to a source within the legislature who is familiar with the bill's path through the statehouse,” Jason Koebler reports for Motherboard.
“The legislation would require Apple and other electronics manufacturers to sell repair parts to consumers and independent repair shops, and would require manufacturers to make diagnostic and service manuals available to the public,” Koebler reports. “Nebraska is one of eight states that are considering right to repair bills.”
“According to the source, an Apple representative, staffer, or lobbyist will testify against the bill at a hearing in Lincoln on March 9… The source told me that at least one of the companies plans to say that consumers who repair their own phones could cause lithium batteries to catch fire,” Koebler reports. “Manufacturers have lobbied hard against right to repair legislation in the past. Last year, a bill headed through the New York statehouse was killed in part due to lobbying from Apple and IBM, among other manufacturers.”
Read more in the full article here.
VANCOUVER, Canada — A female stunt person has died while performing a motorcycle stunt on the set of “Deadpool 2,” according to a statement from the Vancouver police.
The name of the victim has not been released.
“We are deeply saddened by the accident that occurred on the set of ‘Deadpool 2' this morning,” 20th Century Fox said in a statement. “Our hearts and prayers are with the family, friends and colleagues of our crew member during this difficult time.”
Reynolds also confirmed the death, saying that he and other crew members were “shocked, heartbroken and devastated” in a statement on Twitter:
“Deadpool 2” is the follow-up to the 2016 film starring Ryan Reynolds that grossed over $363 million domestically. Production on the sequel began in late June. At the time, Reynolds marked the occasion with a photo posted to social media captioned, “Feels good to be back.”
Since then, Reynolds, a Vancouver native, has shared numerous behind the scenes sneak peeks.
Last week, he posted a photo with local police, thanking them for their help coordinating a scene that caused road closures and traffic delays downtown. (In his post, he jokingly referred to the film as “Spider-Man.”)
“Deadpool 2” has a 2018 release date.
The death is the second occurrence of a fatal on-set accident in recent weeks – John Bernecker, a stunt performer for AMC's “The Walking Dead,” died in July after performing a fall on the show's Georgia set. The death was deemed an accident caused by blunt force trauma to the head, according to a coroner's report.
WorkSafeBC, a group that investigates employee safety, is investigating the fatality on the set of “Deadpool 2,” according to police.
Update: @WorkSafeBC & @bccoroners investigating death of female stunt driver https://t.co/c3e4BqEz9u on Deadpool set as workplace accident. — Vancouver Police (@VancouverPD) August 14, 2017
It appears this is a motorcycle stunt gone wrong for a movie, people on scene won't confirm it's Deadpool 2 pic.twitter.com/wXKGg4B0nI — Farrah Merali (@FarrahMerali) August 14, 2017
.@VancouverPD officers survey the scene. Two ambulances were here for some time but left without sirens on. pic.twitter.com/FUiIqJoZ3A — Farrah Merali (@FarrahMerali) August 14, 2017
A motorcycle lays on the ground just across from Jack Poole plaza. You can't see here but above it is broken glass pic.twitter.com/zzl5Ag9gYT — Farrah Merali (@FarrahMerali) August 14, 2017
Washington State University scientists have created an injectable dye that illuminates molecules with near infrared light, making it easier to see what is going on deep inside the body.
The new dye will help medical researchers track the progression of a wide array of diseases, such as cancer.
Ming Xian, the Ralph G. Yount Distinguished Professor of chemistry, calls the new dye Washington Red. He and Wei Chen, an assistant research professor in the WSU Department of Chemistry, published a new study detailing the dye's unique properties and how it is made in Angewandte Chemie, one of the top chemistry journals in the world.
"Near infrared light passes right through the human body, making it almost invisible and making dyes that respond to this color of light perfect for bio-imaging," Xian said. "Washington Red is a unique and inexpensive dye that I see being put into use in many areas."
Fluorescent bio-imaging breakthrough
Fluorescent bio-imaging is the visualization of cells and other biological tissues marked with a dye that glows when activated by light.
It is used to observe disease biomarkers and other biological compounds in real time and helps doctors identify and treat blood clots, heart disease, tumors and other dangerous abnormalities.
Most commercially available dyes for bio-imaging fluoresce in the visible spectrum with wavelengths between 400-600 nanometers. There are several practical issues with these dyes. For one, molecules in amino acids, hemoglobin and other natural tissues and fluids also fluoresce when illuminated with colors of light in this region of the spectrum, such as green and blue.
This natural luminescence makes it hard to tell the difference between what the dye is targeting and surrounding tissues. Shorter wavelength light can even damage cells, making dyes of these colors risky to use in live tissues.
Near infrared light, or light with a wavelength between 650-900 nanometers, is ideal for bio-imaging because it penetrates deep into tissues without damaging natural cells or causing them to fluoresce.
Dyes that show near infrared light have proven extremely hard to make, however, and tend to be limited in application.
Xian's new Washington Red dye differs from these in several ways. The fabrication process is simpler and the dye is easy to quench, meaning that it is not going to shine near infrared until it has located and bonded to its target. Washington Red is also highly tunable. It can be modified to seek out and bond to a wide variety of molecules, gases and other substances in the body.
"Compared to other near infrared dyes, our dye is easy to make and can be modified to target many different biological compounds," Xian said. "It could be used to track the progression of a wide variety of diseases and to study specific biological processes, such as inflammation in the heart or the buildup of tumors cells, which could eventually lead to the design of new drugs and medical therapies."
Xian worked with the WSU Office of Commercialization to file a patent for his Washington Red dye so it can be used by researchers at other institutions across the country and world.
"The ability to light up specific molecules inside living creatures has many potential applications, Xian said. "We look forward to collaborating with other research groups and supplying them with Washington Red so they can pursue their own unique investigations."
Xian's research is in keeping with WSU's Grand Challenges, a suite of research initiatives aimed at large societal issues. It is particularly relevant to the challenge of sustaining health and addressing the onset and progression of disease.
###
JAMES Troisi believes his big-game experience can help him make a Russia 2018 impact, as the Socceroos selection knives sharpen.
ATLETICO APPROACH: Socceroos look to follow Spanish scrappers
WORLD CUP 2018: Every squad as it is named
WORLD CUP FLASHBACK: The birth of the Cruyff turn
WORLD CUP 2018: Every match listed here
The “brutal” axing of qualifying regular, defender Bailey Wright, sent shockwaves through the surviving 27-man squad a fortnight ago, with four more cuts to satisfy FIFA's 23-player criteria.
Troisi was a regular under Ange Postecoglou, headlined by his Asian Cup final winner and sublime Confederations Cup finish against Chile, although he's played merely 10 minutes under new boss Bert van Marwijk, replacing Tom Rogic in the 0-0 draw with Colombia.
Camera Icon James Troisi is watched closely by Bert van Marwijk. Picture: Getty Images
Asked whether he was confident of making the final cut, Troisi was pragmatic.
“That's the harsh reality. It's brutal, brutal. You look at someone like Bailey Wright, he was involved in most of the qualifiers and that's football, it could possibly be me next week. Who knows?” Troisi said.
“I'm old enough and experienced enough to handle it whichever way it goes. You just have to do the right things. I've played regularly this season, we've won the league, physically I'm fantastic, I'm training well, working hard.
“If the coach likes me, great. If not, that's football and you move on. It's devastating because all the hard work you put in, it doesn't guarantee you a spot but you want to be involved.
“It's out of my hands now, it's up to the gaffer and his staff.”
Troisi came off the bench against Chile in the 2014 World Cup before starting against Spain.
Armed with a body of big-game international experience, Troisi said France and the like would not faze him.
“Quite a few of us now were at the last World Cup, we've had a big qualification, we've had big teams in Confeds Cup as well so most of us should be used to it and not getting star-struck these days,'' he said.
Camera Icon Daniel Arzani and Andrew Nabbout will be pushing hard for selection. Picture: News Corp Australia
“I've been involved in some big games against some big players. Earlier in my career I would've been rattled as little, but it's funny – I'm sitting here and they've got a bigger name and whatever but at the end of the day they're just human beings.
“Some are more freakish than others but I've had that experience now, I'm used to it and I've played against some of the best players in the world. There's always the butterflies.
“Being involved in a World Cup is massive and something I want to be involved in again. We had a crazy group (in 2014), but it's a fantastic feeling (lining up against them).”
May 3 SYDBANK A/S
* IMPAIRMENT CHARGES IN 2017 ARE FORECAST TO BE ON A PAR WITH IMPAIRMENT CHARGES RECORDED IN 2016
* LIMITED GROWTH IS PROJECTED FOR DANISH ECONOMY IN 2017.
* Q1 TOTAL CORE INCOME DKK 1.05 BILLION (REUTERS POLL DKK 1.10 BILLION)
* Q1 CORE EARNINGS DKK 444 MILLION (REUTERS POLL DKK 407 MILLION)
* Q1 PRE-TAX PROFIT DKK 574 MILLION (REUTERS POLL DKK 432 MILLION)
* ‍BASED ON LEVEL OF INTEREST RATES AT BEGINNING OF 2017, CORE INCOME IS EXPECTED TO BE ON A PAR WITH CORE INCOME GENERATED IN 2016​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: (Gdynia Newsroom)
Important Questions to Ask When Hiring an IT Professional
There are a lot of things you can do to make sure your business and its tech are functioning well. You should definitely have compliance and risk assessment software from Reciprocity Labs to ensure everything is running smoothly, but if you aren't a tech-savvy person, you may need a lot more support than that.
That's where an IT professional comes in. They can do a lot to keep your business running, but only if you hire the right person. Whether you choose to hire a freelance IT professional, you're interested in hiring a third-party IT company, or you're hiring a full-time IT employee, it is important that you ask these questions of every candidate.
How Do They Handle Tech Support Requests?
If you've ever had to call for tech support before, you know what a nightmare it can be. The person on the other line isn't usually very friendly and they usually treat you like you have no idea what you're doing. After all, their first step is to turn it off and back on again, like you haven't already tried that.
It's important to ask an IT professional how they handle tech support requests. That includes how the request gets logged and how the request should be made (by phone, email, etc.). It's also a good idea to discuss completion times.
Don't forget to ask about what kind of tech they support! Look for a candidate that can help with:
Laptop computers
Desktop computers
Tablets
Cell phones
Other devices
What Can They Do When They Aren't Completing Help Requests?
Completing support requests is an important aspect of the job, but it isn't the only thing that an IT professional should do, especially if you plan on hiring a full-time employee. That's why you should ask what other kinds of services they provide when they aren't fixing your computer.
A few things they should offer to do include:
Computer and device setup
Computer and device updating and cleaning
Employee education on new tech
You can also assess whether or not the candidate is likely to be a team player by asking if they would be willing to help with other projects when they have downtime.
Do You Do Anything for Data Backup and Recovery?
It's important for an IT professional to offer a wide range of device maintenance services, and it's even more important that they provide quality tech support, but you'll learn that it's absolutely vital to hire an IT professional who offers backup and recovery services.
Figuring out where to store important company information can be a challenge for those who aren't tech-savvy. It usually requires backup recovery systems, saving to hard drives, and more, which can be a lot to take on for someone who doesn't do IT full-time.
You should also ask them to explain their method for disaster recovery because it's a totally different thing than data backup. Look for someone who can answer your questions confidently.
What Hours Are You Available?
If you're hiring a full-time employee, the hours they are available likely won't be an issue, but if you're hiring a freelancer or someone who's available on an as-needed basis, you'll want to find out what hours they are available.
If you have a small business, having someone available during business hours may be all that you need. However, if you have a large operation with people working around the clock, you should look for IT support that provides help around the clock as well.
Discuss Pay
Discussing pay is always a bit uncomfortable. However, that's why you're interviewing candidates! You need to pay them for a service and they do the job to make a living.
Start by vetting the candidates you interview carefully. If you hire someone new to the field, they may not have as many certifications, but they'll be more affordable and more enthusiastic about IT. Not to mention, they will cost a lot less than a seasoned veteran with multiple certifications.
However, if you have a larger operation and require someone with more experience and skill, paying more for a seasoned veteran may be a wiser choice.
Then, don't be afraid to ask what they charge for their services. You can always negotiate when you figure out what they usually charge.
Interviewing any candidate for any position can be stressful, but many people find it even more stressful to interview IT candidates. With these questions, you can ease into the interview, get answers to questions you need to know, and hopefully hire the right person for the job.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
DUNMORE, Pa. — A Pennsylvania mother and father are charged with endangering the welfare of their two children after knowingly leaving them home alone for three days, investigators said.
Nicole Sciortino and Vincent Licciardello, both 30, were arraigned Monday morning, according to WNEP.
According to court papers, on Wednesday, March 7, Dunmore police responded to Sciortino's home on Monroe Avenue for a report of children who had been left alone for weeks. Licciardello lives at a different address.
When officers arrived, they found a 10-year-old and an 11-year-old home by themselves. Police say the place was in deplorable condition, with food, boxes, pills and other trash on the floor. The thermostat read 58 degrees.
After tracking down the mother of two, police say Sciortino first told them she wasn't far away, but later admitted that she was in Florida. According to the document, she told investigators that the children's father, Licciardello, was watching the kids and that she didn't realize it was against the law to leave her two children home alone unsupervised for an extended period of time. Sciortino added that she “didn't think it was really that bad.”
During the investigation, police found that on Monday, March 5, Licciardello dropped the kids off early in the morning at their mother's home. Over the next three days, while their mother was in Florida, he would occasionally stop by to drop food off for the unsupervised children.
Authorities say they believe the children were alone during their mother's vacation, but not for weeks, as the 911 caller alleged. Police say one child has missed 16 days of school this year, while the other has missed 26 days.
“That hurts. I'm a mom of five kids. I couldn't imagine leaving my kids for 10 minutes without an adult supervisor,” said Tamra Murphy. “Who's feeding them, who's washing their clothes, who's making sure their homework is done? That upsets me beyond it. That hurts me.”
“That's insane to me,” said Kaylia Riley. “I mean, at the end of the day, I couldn't even leave my dogs for three days by themselves, let alone children, especially small children. It's just mind-blowing.”
Sciortino and Licciardello were both charged Monday with endangering the welfare of children. Both were given $10,000 unsecured bail, so both walked free.
Investigators said the two children are staying with family friends.
1. A single high-sensitivity troponin T result could quickly and safely rule out MI in the ED
Abstract: http://annals. org/ aim/ article/ doi/ 10. 7326/ M16-2562
URL goes live when the embargo lifts
High-sensitivity assays for cardiac troponin T can quickly and safely rule out myocardial infarction (MI) in patients presenting to emergency departments (ED) with possible emergency acute coronary syndrome. A single troponin T concentration below the limit of detection in combination with a nonischemic electrocardiogram (EKG) means that MI is unlikely and patients can be safely discharged. The findings of a collaborative meta-analysis are published in Annals of Internal Medicine.
Only 10 to 20 percent of patients who present to EDs with suspected cardiac-related chest pain are diagnosed with acute MI. High-sensitivity assays for cardiac troponin T have been used to rapidly rule out acute MI, but studies advocating this approach have several limitations. If findings can be validated across multiple studies that are free of these limitations, then this approach could enable safe discharge of many more patients than is achieved in current practice.
Researchers at Christchurch Hospital in Christchurch, New Zealand reviewed published data to test the utility of a single high-sensitivity cardiac troponin T measurement combined with an ECG to safely identify patients at low risk for MI on presentation to the ED. To address limitations of previous studies, the review included 11 clinically and geographically diverse cohorts. The data showed that in most, but not all settings, patients investigated for acute coronary syndrome with the cardiac troponin T assay had very low risk for acute MI or for major adverse cardiac events within 30 days. This means that MI could be ruled out in a substantial proportion of patients after only one blood draw, allowing for safe, early discharge to outpatient management.
Media contacts: For an embargoed PDF, please contact Cara Graeff. To reach the lead author Dr. Martin Than, please contact Amy Milne at Amy.Milne@cdhb.health.nz or 03 364 4122 or ext: 62122.
2. Pregnant teens more than twice as likely as their nonpregnant cohorts to use marijuana
Abstract: http://annals. org/ aim/ article/ doi/ 10. 7326/ L17-0067
URL goes live when the embargo lifts
Data obtained from females aged 12 to 44 years who participated in the National Survey on Drug Use and Health suggests that marijuana use is more than twice as prevalent among pregnant teenagers as it is among their nonpregnant cohorts. A summary of the findings are published in Annals of Internal Medicine.
Despite recommendations from the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists that pregnant women discontinue marijuana consumption, its use increased among pregnant and nonpregnant women between 2002 and 2014. This is a concern because marijuana use may have negative effects on fetal neurodevelopment, especially during the first trimester.
Researchers from the National Institute on Drug Abuse studied survey data obtained between 2002 and 2015 to examine the prevalence of past-month marijuana use among U.S. females by pregnancy trimester and sociodemographic characteristics. Among 14,400 pregnant and 395,600 nonpregnant respondents, self-reported marijuana use was less prevalent among pregnant women than among nonpregnant women (3.82 percent vs 7.54 percent) except among pregnant teenagers. Marijuana use was more than 2-fold higher among pregnant teens aged 12 to 17 than nonpregnant ones. Pregnant women that used marijuana were more likely to do so in the first trimester than in the second and third. In both pregnant and nonpregnant groups, self-reported marijuana use was lower among females aged 26 years or older. Among pregnant females, black respondents had a higher prevalence of marijuana use than other racial/ethinc groups.
Because marijuana use was self-reported, this study may underestimate its use. The authors suggest that enhanced prevention against marijuana use and efforts to promote general health should target women attempting to get pregnant or those who are already pregnant, youth, and socioeconomically deprived persons.
Media contacts: For an embargoed PDF, please contact Cara Graeff. To speak with the lead author, Nora Volkow, MD, please contact Kim DiFonzo at media@nida.nih.gov or 301-443-6245.
3. Annals editors: 'Alternative facts have no place in science'
Abstract: http://annals. org/ aim/ article/ doi/ 10. 7326/ M17-0878
URL goes live when the embargo lifts
The editors of Annals of Internal Medicine, one of the most widely cited medical journals in the world, have a message for the current administration: Alternative facts have no place in science. Their commentary is published in Annals in advance of the 2017 March for Science scheduled to take place at over 300 U.S. locations on April 22.
The editors suggest that the politicization of science, in which parties select the knowledge they are willing to pursue and the data they are willing to promote or denigrate, is a peril that must be faced head on. Medical science faces particularly dire threats due to misleading messages from the Trump administration and its pundits about climate change, vaccines, gun violence, and health insurance. This apparent disregard for science is reflected not only in attitudes, rhetoric, and regulatory actions, but also in a shrinking commitment to support biomedical research. The budget President Trump released in mid-March 2017 proposes to reduce the National Institutes of Health (NIH) budget by $5.8 billion -- a 'draconian' 18.3 percent cut. The proposed NIH cut, along with the proposal to eliminate the Agency for Health Care Quality and Research (AHRQ), exemplifies that the administration fails or chooses not to recognize the importance of science to the health of the U.S. and its citizens.
"Good medicine is defined by the evidence produced by good science. And good science cannot occur or its rewards reaped when we choose to pursue only the data and knowledge that seem to support our ideologies and denigrate the rest as 'fake.' Science doesn't work that way," writes Christine Laine, MD, MPH, editor-in-chief of Annals.
Dr. Laine and her colleagues from Annals and the American College of Physicians (ACP), Annals' parent organization, will be among the many entities standing up for science during the April 22 march.
Media contacts: For an embargoed PDF, please contact Cara Graeff. To speak with the lead author, Christine Laine, MD, MPH, please contact Angela Collom or Cara Graeff.
###
Also new in this issue:
Development of a Research Agenda to Identify Evidence-Based Strategies to Improve Physician Wellness and Reduce Burnout
Liselotte N. Dyrbye, MD, MHPE; Mickey Trockel, MD, PhD; Erica Frank, MD, MPH; Kristine Olson, MD; Mark Linzer, MD; Jane Lemaire, MD; Stephen Swensen, MD, MMM; Tait Shanafelt, MD; and Christine A. Sinsky, MD
Ideas and Opinions
Abstract: http://annals. org/ aim/ article/ doi/ 10. 7326/ M16-2956
Inpatient Notes: Human Factors Engineering and Inpatient Care-New Ways to Solve Old Problems
Lauren Clack, MSc, and Hugo Sax, MD
Annals for Hospitalists
Abstract: http://annals. org/ aim/ article/ doi/ 10. 7326/ M17-0544
The Development and Performance of After-Hours Primary Care in the Netherlands: A Narrative Review
Marleen Smits, PhD; Martijn Rutten, MD; Ellen Keizer, MSc; Michel Wensing, PhD; Gert Westert, PhD; and Paul Giesen, MD, PhD
Medicine and Public Issues
Abstract: http://annals. org/ aim/ article/ doi/ 10. 7326/ M16-2776
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
LOS ANGELES -- Prosecutors have filed two felony charges against a 12-year-old girl who allegedly brought a loaded gun to a Los Angeles middle school Thursday and wounded two students when she fired it inside a classroom.
The child, who has not been identified because of her age, was charged with being a minor in possession of a firearm and bringing a weapon on school grounds.
Police say the girl fired the gun in a classroom at Sal Castro Middle School in the Westlake district on Thursday morning, injuring five people, including two students who sustained gunshot wounds.
The shooting was described as "not intentional" by Los Angeles Police Department Spokesman Josh Rubenstein. LAPD officials said it appears the girl did not plan to shoot when she brought the gun into school.
Two students — a 15-year-old girl and a 15-year-old boy — were found with gunshot wounds and transported to local hospitals, according to authorities. The boy, who was shot in the head, was transported in critical condition, said Capt. Erik Scott of the Los Angeles Fire Department. The female victim had a gunshot wound to the wrist and was in fair condition.
Three other patients — ages 11, 12 and a 30-year-old female staffer — were taken to hospitals for treatment.
Emergency personnel from several agencies responded to the middle school, located in the 1500 block of West Second Street, after receiving reports of a possible shooting inside a classroom shortly before 9 a.m., according to Los Angeles School Police Department Chief Steven Zipperman.
The shooting took place in a mixed-grade class at the middle school, which is located on the campus of Belmont High School, not far from downtown Los Angeles.
In addition to the two teens who were shot, two of the injured had "graze wounds," according to an official at Los Angeles County USC Medical Center, where four of the victims are being treated. All four patients at the facility are expected to make a full recovery, including one who is in the Intensive Care Unit.
LAPD, which is the lead agency in the investigation, identified the suspect as a 12-year-old girl. School police Sgt. Edward Bernal told KTLA earlier in the day, and after she was taken into custody, that she is a student.
Sky5 aerial video showed two officers escorting an apparently handcuffed female off the campus and to an awaiting LAPD patrol car, where she was placed in the back seat. It was still unclear whether she was the suspect in the incident.
Later in the day, LAPD officials confirmed the suspect was booked on a charge of negligent discharge of a firearm but still had not released information about the circumstances leading up to the shooting.
The campus was placed on lockdown for several hours as police searched the middle school, but LAPD indicated they did not believe there were any additional suspects outstanding.
In the immediate aftermath of the shooting, officers could be seen bringing several students out of a classroom with their hands behind their backs, aerial footage showed. They were being patted down by police before being released, apparently as a precautionary measure.
“The school has been declared safe at this point. There is no more safety threat," Zipperman said.
It was not immediately known how the shooter was able to get the gun on campus, Bernal said, noting that the school conducts random weapon checks.
Authorities were also investigating how the individual was able to access the gun.
"We do not know yet ... how our young person on this campus ended up having the ability to have access to a firearm and bring it onto a campus," Zipperman said.
Investigators were unsure how many students and staff were in the classroom at the time of the incident.
"There were numerous kids that ran and other kids that may have left the classroom," Zipperman said.
One woman whose 13-year-old sister was inside the class when the shooting took place told KTLA the sibling — who is in the 7th grade — communicated with her through a series of text messages and recounted a chaotic scene.
Jocelyn Lopez said her sister texted that she was OK, but had “just heard something pop inside the classroom." Then, everybody started to panic, the sister told Lopez.
She texted that she was sitting next to two girls who were injured.
“It was really close to her,” Lopez said.
Classes resumed as normal once the lockdown was lifted, and counselors were on campus to assist the students impacted by what the school police chief described as a "traumatic" incident.
In the hours following the shooting, California's Superintendent of Public Instruction Tom Torlakson issued a statement offering his condolences and thanking law enforcement and school officials for "acting rapidly and quickly locking down the campus to make sure this tragedy was not even worse."
"My thoughts and prayers go out to the students, teachers, staff, and the entire community at Sal Castro Middle School and the Los Angeles Unified School District," he wrote. "I'm saddened that this kind of terrible event is becoming far too common."
While normal dismissal time is at 3:05 p.m., Zipperman said parents who wanted to pick up their children from the school early could do so by going to the softball field at Loma Drive and Crown Hill Avenue beginning at 1:30 p.m.
Meanwhile, a staging area is being set up in the area of Belmont Avenue and Beverly Boulevard for parents, guardians and members of the community to ask district officials any questions. A hotline has also been set up for those that cannot get to the location in person, and can be reached by dialing 213-241-1000.
LAUSD Interim Superintendent Vivian Ekchian released a statement on the shooting:
Our thoughts and prayers are with those who were hurt in today's shooting incident at Sal Castro Middle School and with all the students, families and employees on the campus.
The Los Angeles Police Department, Los Angeles Fire Department, Los Angeles School Police and District leadership immediately responded, and we followed protocols to ensure the safety and well-being of the Castro Middle School community. The school has been declared safe, and we are communicating with parents of students at Castro Middle School, as well as neighboring campuses. We are also providing appropriate supports to those who may be impacted by the incident.
We have set up an information center at Beverly Boulevard and Belmont Avenue, where parents, guardians and community members can receive updates, information about school dismissal procedures, as well as counseling services.
We are fully cooperating with the Los Angeles Police Department in its investigation of this matter.
According to the Rhineland-Palatinate state's police department, the accident happened at 2pm after a sports car from Luxembourg left fluid on the track at the fast "Fuchsrohre" section.
There were several collisions that left six with minor and four with major injuries, with fire crews having to cut two of the injured from their cars. All involved were taken to the nearby hospital.
Police estimate the damage to be worth several hundred thousand euros. However, the cause of the accident is still to be determined exactly, as it had taken officials until Sunday evening to record everything that happened.
The 'Touristenfahrten' at the Nordschleife, its public race days, are often popular, and several heavy crashes a year are a common occurrence. The last fatal accident at the track came in May 2017.
Authorities are searching for clues after two people were killed and two others were seriously injured after someone opened fire at a block party in Benton Harbor over the weekend.
Scroll for more content...
It all started early Saturday morning around 1:30 a.m. when officers were trying to break up a party that was happening in the 1000 block of Lavette.
Officers heard several gun shots coming from the 900 block of Lavette but couldn't find a victim. A short time later, 23-year-old Andre Sanders showed up to the hospital after being shot multiple times and died from his injuries.
A short time later, there were another three people shot just near Edgecumbe and Forest Avenues in what police say was a very "chaotic scene". One person, identified as 26-year-old Joseph "Jo-Jo" Tyson, died from his injuries.
The other two victims, Robert Anthony White, 26, and Natasha Renee Hill, 34, were both rushed into surgery.
We're told the shootings happened during an annual block party in the neighborhood.
"This block party has gone on for three years and we have never had a problem with it," said Daniel E. McGinnis, Director of Benton Harbor Department of Public Safety.
Investigators say they found multiple shell casings indicating that multiple weapons were used.
So far, there is no suspect description or motive in this case. If you know anything, call police or Silent Observer.
What It Is: Blacklight Hot Yoga
Who Tried It: Grace Gavilanes, PEOPLE.com associate editor
Level of Difficulty: 8 (on a scale from 1-10)
I have a love-hate relationship with yoga.
I've always been a big fan of barre, tabata, boxing and other workouts that would leave me panting and sweating after completing endless rounds of planks, jump squats and undercut punches. Yoga, for me, never supplied that same level of cardio.
While HIIT workouts are physically empowering, yoga centers on leveling the mind — and as someone who battles anxiety, I was more than willing to give YogaSpark's Blacklight Hot Yoga class a try. The only catch? I've never taken a hot yoga class before in my life. I've always flirted with the possibility, but have never actually taken the plunge. I was curious as any amateur fitness enthusiast would be, but turned off by the fact that I'd be sweating in sweltering heat from the start.
Fun fact: I'm the type of person who prefers blizzards over 97 percent humidity, because while I can pile on as many layers as possible, there's only so many clothing items I can remove without getting arrested for public indecency.
All class-goers are recommended to wear white to experience the full effect of Blacklight Hot Yoga, which leaves participants glowing in the dark for the full hour of class. I opted for a white tee (which would come off 20 minutes into class), sports bra and light gray leggings that had the words “Mind Over Matter” plastered on its side in white. I was ready and hyped. This can't be so bad, right?
in case no one has told you this today… you're a rockstar 😉 #blacklightspark #flipyourdog #togetherwespark A post shared by YogaSpark (@yogasparkstudio) on Jul 17, 2017 at 6:35am PDT
Oh, it was bad. I wasn't ready for the 95-degree heat, which I felt more intensely once the class actually began — once the fans were turned off — and the blacklights were turned on. The class consisted of classic moves like Warrior I and II, Downward-Facing Dog and more, which were simple enough to replicate at first, but became arduous as the minutes passed by and the heat grew more intense.
I did notice a difference with this particular class when compared to the other yoga classes I've taken in the past, however. Aside from the steady 95-degree heat, I caught myself actually paying attention to my movements — without looking around to compare my trembling legs or incorrect form to the seasoned yogis' in class. The dark helped and the blacklights, it seemed, highlighted our movements and made us look more graceful.
I may have stopped to plop into Child's Pose more than a handful of times as well as to wipe the dripping sweat off my face, but I felt at ease. My mind was the clearest it had been all day. I was definitely much more relaxed in this class than I've ever been in a class that required me to squeeze in as many tuck jumps as possible in 30 seconds.
I complained during the last half of class, but it came to an end before I knew it, concluding with a nice backstretch, a cool tea tree oil-infused towel and an inspiring Rumi quote.
Verdict: The moves themselves weren't so tricky. But the room, which is kept at a steady 95 degrees for the duration of class elevates those feelings of claustrophobia. I was uncomfortable and drenched in sweat but I felt at peace. And that's what really counts, right?
Whether external forces end a tradition — a project ends, kids grow up — or you decide you don't want to continue a particular tradition, it's OK! No guilt on evaluating traditions and tossing the ones you don't want to keep — or the ones you don't want to start. Elf on the Shelf? No thanks! That's way too much work. Advent stockings knit by my grandmother that elves fill on Nov. 30? You bet. If you hate yams, you really don't have to serve them every Thanksgiving. Or find a different recipe you like more. I don't like making pies so I buy my pies and make the carrot cake from scratch. Why continue a tradition you don't enjoy and that increases your stress?
Alphabet Inc.'s Google “recently unveiled a suite of upgraded devices, including Google Home Mini and Max, as it closes in on Amazon's dominance of smart speakers,” Teresa Rivas writes for Barron's.
“IHS Markit's Paul Erickson writes that Google had to get these to market, given the low price points that have allowed Amazon's Echo products to proliferate,” Rivas writes. “Erickson calls the two Home speakers a first foothold for Google in which it took a page from Amazon, by making its devices more affordable… [But] he warns that Google still has two strikes against it in its competition with Amazon.”
The first is in the current positioning of the original Home speaker, still priced at $129 – bracketed by the revamped Amazon Echo with better two-way sound reproduction at $99, camera-equipped Echo Spot at $129, and the Zigbee-hub-equipped Echo Plus at $149… The second disadvantage is in bundling. Amazon's current price-aggressive bundling of Echo Dot with its Fire TV products is expected to help keep Dot shipment volumes healthy despite the arrival of the Home Mini as a direct competitor. — Paul Erickson, IHS Markit
Riva writes, “That said, Google is also staking out its claim in the higher end of the market, as the Home Max, priced around $400, is now $50 more than Apple's HomePod, previously deemed too expensive.”
MacDailyNews Take: “Deemed too expensive” by whom? Fake news much, Teresa?
Riva writes, “Erickson warns that the pressure is on for Apple now since its home product still isn't expected to debut until the end of the year.”
Read more in the full article here.
Defined set of guidelines required for neuroscientific techniques to be used correctly and effectively in law
Neuroscientific techniques continue to advance, but their applications in law raise concerns of a threat to individual rights. Previous applications of neuroscientific evidence include using brain scans to detect deception in an individual, and neurological responses to determine whether someone has intimate knowledge of a crime. However, just because we can use this technology, does it mean we should?
A review published in Frontiers in Neuroscience explores the current literature and advancements in the applications of neuroscience in law. This brings into question the ethical implications that come with the possibility of a person unwillingly revealing their own guilt.
"Brain science is being viewed for its potential to be used in legal cases," explains Prof. James Giordano, who co-wrote the paper. "It can certainly afford information relevant to an individual's capability, but there have also been attempts to employ neuroscientific methods to gain insight -- and to inform juries and judges -- about persons' intent and possible guilt."
The authors examined previous cases where neuroscientific techniques have been used to determine truth and infer intent. The use of these techniques brings into question the violation of an individuals' right to privacy that can come with this, and whether neuroscientific techniques should be permitted in court.
"In the United States, current rules of federal evidence provide strict criteria, which constrain how brain science can be used," explains Prof. Giordano. "Yet, threats to individual rights persist when considering the use of neurological evidence. These threats include vague definitions of what constitutes the "private domain" of the mind, how this relates to the right to privacy, and a lack of guidelines for informed consent when using neuroscientific evidence."
By revealing the current contingencies in legal neuroscience, or neurolaw, Prof. Giordano from Georgetown University and Calvin Kraft from University of Notre Dame encourage discussion on the need for clear guidelines, which take into consideration both the potential and limitations of brain science in legal contexts.
"What may be required is a more explicit definition of what the law would require of the brain sciences -- and if and how the brain sciences can provide such tools and methods," suggests Prof. Giordano.
This review focused on how key aspects of the use of brain science relevant to the United States' Constitution's Bill of Rights. However, it can act as a starting point for investigating the relationships between brain science, ethics and law internationally.
"An ongoing question is whether current and proposed uses of brain science infringe on civil liberties, and what this might infer and evoke, both in the United States, and on the global stage," says Prof. Giordano.
###
WELLINGTON New Zealand on Thursday braced for the tail wind of a cyclone as authorities evacuated seaside areas, closed schools and warned people to reconsider their Easter holiday plans.
The remainder of Cyclone Cook, which had killed one person this week in New Caledonia, was expected to make landfall in New Zealand's North Island on Thursday evening.
The country's meteorological service issued severe weather warnings for the upper North Island and warned of landslides, flooding and wind damage from gusts of up to 150 kilometers (93.2 miles) per hour.
"We're worried," Tony Bonne, the mayor of Whakatane district, one of the areas expected to bear the brunt of the storm, said on local radio.
Seaside areas of the Coromandel Peninsula, north of Auckland were being evacuated and people told to take shelter in Civil Defence centers, although disaster management agency said it did not yet know how many people would have to leave their homes.
More than 100 schools were shut and universities in Auckland were closing early on Thursday. Disaster authorities asked people to avoid hardest-hit towns and reconsider their travels over the four-day Easter weekend.
National airline Air New Zealand warned of "significant disruption" from the weather with many flights likely to be delayed or canceled and the New Zealand Transport Agency said it was considering closing the Auckland Harbour Bridge, a major thoroughfare in the country's largest city.
The tail-end of another powerful cyclone, Debbie had already slammed the country last week, wreaking havoc and leaving the town Edgecumbe flooded by thigh-high water with many people still unable to return to their homes.
(Reporting by Charlotte Greenfield; Editing by Bill Trott)
Chromatin remodelers -- protein machines that pack and unpack chromatin, the tightly wound DNA-protein complex in cell nuclei -- are essential and powerful regulators for critical cellular processes, such as replication, recombination and gene transcription and repression. In a new study published Aug. 2 in the journal Nature, a team led by researchers from Princeton University unravels more details on how a class of ATP-dependent chromatin remodelers, called ISWI, regulate access to genetic information.
The researchers reported that ISWI remodelers use a structural feature of the nucleosome, known as the "acidic patch," to remodel chromatin. The nucleosome is the fundamental structural subunit of chromatin, and is often compared to thread wrapped around a spool.
"The acidic patch is a negatively charged surface, presented on each face of the nucleosome disc, that is formed by amino acids contributed by two different histone proteins, H2A and H2B," said Geoffrey Dann, a graduate student in the Department of Molecular Biology at Princeton and the study's lead author. "Histone proteins are overall very positively charged, which makes the negatively charged acidic patch region of the nucleosome very unique. Recognition of the acidic patch has never before been implicated in chromatin remodeling."
The research was conducted in the laboratory of Tom Muir, the Van Zandt Williams Jr. Class of 1965 Professor of Chemistry and chair of the Department of Chemistry. Research in the Muir group centers on elucidating the physiochemical basis of protein functions in biomedically relevant systems.
Because ISWI remodelers are known to interact extensively with nucleosomes, the researchers hypothesized that signals, in the form of chemical modifications on histone proteins embedded within nucleosomes, communicate to the remodelers on which nucleosome to act. Using high throughput screening technology, an assay process often used in drug discovery, allowed the researchers to quickly conduct tens of thousands of biochemical measurements to test their assumptions. "The number of chromatin modifications known to exist in vivo is astronomical," Dann said.
Not only did the experiments reveal that ISWI remodelers use the "acidic patch" to remodel chromatin, but also determined that remodeling enzymes outside the family of ISWI remodelers also use this structural feature, "suggesting that this feature may be a general requirement for chromatin remodeling to occur," Dann said. Certain chemical modifications that act on histone proteins that are adjacent to the acidic patch also have the ability to enhance or inhibit ISWI remodeling activity, he explained. "A handful of other proteins are known to engage the acidic patch in their interaction with chromatin as well, and we also found that the biochemistry of several of these proteins was affected by such modifications. Interestingly, each protein tested had its own signature response to this collection of modifications."
The high throughput screening technology method also generated a vast library of data to drive the design of future studies geared toward further understanding ISWI regulation. "This study generated an immense amount of data pointing to many other novel regulatory inputs, in the form of chromatin modifications, into ISWI remodeling activity," Dann said. "A long-term goal in our lab is to use this data resource as a launch pad for additional studies investigating how chromatin modifications affect ISWI remodeling, and how this plays into the various roles ISWI remodelers assume in the cell."
Their findings may also identify a new instrument in cells' molecular repertoire of chromatin-remodeling tools and spur investigations into potential cancer therapeutic targets. "Mutations in the acidic patch are known to occur in certain types of human cancers, which underscores the emerging importance of the acidic patch in chromatin biology," Dann said.
###
The study, "ISWI chromatin remodellers sense nucleosome modifications to determine substrate preference," was published Aug. 2 by Nature. The authors at Princeton University were Geoffrey P. Dann, Glen Liszczak, John D. Bagert, Manuel M. Müller, Uyen T. T. Nguyen, Felix Wojcik, Zachary Z. Brown, Jeffrey Bos, Rasmus Pihl, Samuel B. Pollock, Katharine L. Diehl and Tom W. Muir. Also contributing to the study were Tatyana Panchenko & C. David Allis at The Rockefeller University.
INDEPENDENCE, Mo. — Justice Burris would normally be getting home from school just after 2:30 p.m. Instead, on Monday, the freshman sat on her couch comparing one of her books to a show on television as a way to pass time during her suspension.
"We just want to understand why we are getting such a harsh punishment for something that would be a write-up," she told 41 Action News.
Last Wednesday, students across the country walked out of their schools at 10 a.m. to protest gun violence and remember students killed at Majorie Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida.
Hundreds of students at William Chrisman High School joined as well, including Burris and six of her friends. However, their group did not go to the football field, which the school approved.
Instead, Burris and her six friends stood at the flagpole before walking to a hill near Highway 24 and Noland Road. When everyone else went inside after 17 minutes, they remained in place.
"I think it was important to have it led by students because it's supposed to be our time to speak about our opinion about it and to talk about what we really want because this is our generation that is getting impacted from it," she said.
Burris and her six friends each got a five-day suspension.
The Independence School District would not discuss student discipline, citing student privacy rules.
However, district spokesperson Jana Corrie said students were supported in their freedom of expression.
About 700 students at the district's three high schools took part in student-centered activities, she said. Each student was required to have a parent sign a permission slip.
"We did not have any students face discipline for holding signs or taking part in the student walkout last Wednesday between 10 a.m. and 10:17 a.m.," said Corrie. "Students who refused to return to school well beyond the allowed time, left school grounds without permission and who were dismissive and disrespectful to teachers and administrators, would have been disciplined accordingly."
Sometimes, hitting a major birthday can be a milestone, a turning point in one's life.
We've all heard of the old "life begins at 40" adage" and there are many people who dread turning 30, fearing that they are leaving their wilder days behind them and having to finally do sensible and serious things like buying homes, babies and marriage.
Scots singer Amy Macdonald, who is hitting the highways and byways of Britain for her latest tour, has just notched up that 30th milestone.
So was it a reason to celebrate or comiserate?
"Turning 30 wasn't a big deal for me at all," she said. "In fact, It sort of brought an end to my first ten years in the business very neatly.
"It is ten years since my first album and just after my birthday, I found out that my sales have reached twelve million worldwide - so my memories of turning 30 are extremely happy!"
Her fourth album Under Stars was released earlier this year.
Amy is hoping for more of that happiness when she arrives in our region on November 5. She'll be appearing at Scunthorpe's Baths Hall in support of her fourth and latest album Under Stars - a quite appropriate title seeing as outside the venue, the skies will be filled with the bright lights of Bonfire Night.
She's understandably pleased with the album which was released to great critical acclaim earlier this year.
"I'm looking forward to getting out there and playing live again," she said.
"The new tour is an acoustic tour - I've done so many shows over the years where I've done a little acoustic set and it has always gone down so well I wanted to expand on that."
"Playing songs acoustically means interpreting and playing them in a whole different way, so the process of rehearsing and getting ready can often be a lot more complex than an ordinary tour.
"For me, acoustic shows have a magical feeling. Smaller, intimate venues and a chance to play songs that mean something to me and the people listening to them. I'm really looking forward to it."
Since first bursting onto the music scene back in 2007 with songs such as Mr Rock 'n' Roll and This Is The Life, the Bishopbriggs-born star has enjoyed worldwide success and met with the approval of critics across the globe.
She's rubbed shoulders with Ellen DeGeneres in the US, played a string of festivals, appeared on TV countless times and enjoyed number ones internationally.
And she's also worked alongside Kinks legend Ray Davies, is engaged to Scottish Premier League footballer Richard Foster and has collected a clutch of awards.
Not bad for a wee Scots lassie who heard Travis performing their song Turn at T In The Park in 2000 and decided that she'd like to play it herself and so ended up teaching herself to play her dad's guitar at the age of 12.
But the trappings of fame don't come without some drawbacks.
The fiercely proud Glasgow girl and a fan of Rangers, is no longer able to attend games at her beloved football club - especially Old Firm derbies against the club's deadly city rivals Celtic.
She said: "I tend to stay away from the Old Firm games, they tend to be a little bit crazy. It is difficult to go to places like that, because people can recognise you and it can become a bit uncomfortable."
The schedule of touring and soundchecking also means she doesn't get much beyond the venue she's playing at - which can be another frustration.
"Sometimes you are at the venue from 8am but not actually on stage until 9pm so there's a lot of waiting around. But you are needed for setting up and the soundcheck so It's difficult to go anywhere. I grab a coffee and go for a quick wander around and that's about it!"
But she wouldn't have it any other way.
She's looking forward to getting out there once again and presenting her new album as well as the rich collection of guitar folk-tinged classics from her impressive back catalogue.
"People seem really excited and we're really looking forward to it.
"It should be a really great atmosphere We'll be playing some of my best-loved songs - it will be a mix of all four of my albums, so there will be something for everyone."
Of her latest album Under Stars, she said: "It's been about 2 and a half years in the making which is the longest I've ever taken with an album. At the time I wanted things to happen quicker but now that it's finished I'm glad we've taken the time; it feels like it's had the TLC that it deserves.”
Amy added: “I feel so proud of the songs and am so pleased with the record. There are so many incredible moments and I really feel this record features some of my best work. I'm excited to finally share it with my fans and I believe there is so much that will also appeal to new fans."
* Amy Macdonald plays Scunthorpe Baths Hall on November 5. Tickets are on sale now at http://www.amymacdonald.co.uk/
Manchester United's Alexis Sanchez scored his first goal for the club and Romelo Lukaku was also on target as they closed the gap at the top of the Premier League to 13 points with a 2-0 win over Huddersfield Town on Saturday.
After Burnley had held league leaders Manchester City to a 1-1 draw at Turf Moor in the early kickoff, the pressure was on United to take advantage but they struggled to find any rhythm in the first half as Huddersfield stood firm.
However, 10 minutes into the second half the hosts went in front when Romelu Lukaku met Juan Mata's cross to score his fourth goal in his last six appearances before Sanchez stroked the ball home after his 68th minute penalty was saved.
Struggling Huddersfield offered little as an attacking force in the game and United saw out the victory with ease to at least put some pressure on rivals City, while Huddersfield dropped to second-bottom after a fifth successive league defeat.
Andre Lotterer has said that he still has a lot more to learn in Formula E ahead of this weekend's Paris ePrix.
The German had a disastrous start to life in the series, getting disqualified in Hong Kong and being pointless after his first three races.
However a second place in Santiago signalled a turnaround in form, and since then he has looked far closer to the pace of Techeetah team-mate Jean-Eric Vergne, managing to beat him in Rome on the way to third place.
Lotterer admits that he was pleased with his result in Rome, but says that he feels that there is still a lot for him to learn in the series.
“The Rome E-Prix was great, and it felt really good to be back on the podium and to score more points,” he said. “Each race is a sprint, but the championship is a marathon where every single point counts and the goal is to score as many as possible for the rest of the season.
“Motorsport is very much a team sport, even if we're individuals driving the cars, it's thanks to our teamwork that we are where we are in the championship.
“Even though I feel much more comfortable in the car now than I did in the beginning of the season, there's still a lot more to learn and every race week is invaluable in terms of gaining more experience and having more on-track time in the car.”
The result in Rome moved Lotterer to ninth in the driver's standings, 86 points behind Vergne.
The father of a woman says she shot and killed her longtime boyfriend in self-defense in Surprise before turning the gun on herself on Saturday.
Scroll for more content...
Just after 11 p.m., police were responding to a domestic dispute call in the area of Waddell Road and Sarival Avenue, which is just east of the Loop 303.
Once officers arrived, they found two people dead inside of the home.
According to Arley McAdams, his daughter Christy McAdams and her boyfriend had a long history of abuse. She had gone back to the home to pack up her stuff and leave with their 4-year-old daughter.
Arley said the pair got into a fight around 4 p.m. and the boyfriend threatened Christy with a gun.
"He threatened her with a gun, tried to take a shot at her, she pulled out her gun, and shot him, and he died," Arley said.
Arley, who lives in Nevada, said Christy then called his wife and then him, and told them what happened.
"She said she's going to jail for life, she can't live like this without her daughter," Arley said.
Arley tried to convince her to wait for police to show up and wait for him to drive down there, but it's a four-and-a-half-hour drive.
Arley tried to convince her not to do what he thought she might do, which was to take her own life, but then he heard the worst sound possible.
"She told her daughter she loved her, and she put the phone down," Arley said. "She said that's it, and a gunshot went off and I heard her body drop."
Arley and his wife drove as fast they could to the house.
"Found my granddaughter asleep on the couch, found my daughter deceased on the bedroom floor next to her boyfriend who was deceased," Arley said.
So far, the Surprise Police Department said it can only confirm it was a domestic dispute and that it led to a murder-suicide.
The boyfriend's name has not been released.
DEREK Jeter says when his ownership group took over the Miami Marlins in October, he thought Giancarlo Stanton would be with the team in 2018.
The Marlins traded Stanton because the National League MVP didn't want to be part of the franchise's rebuilding, Jeter said on Monday.
Jeter said the deal with his former team, the New York Yankees, was the best one available to the Marlins, giving them much-needed financial flexibility and upgrading a weak farm system.
The Marlins' new CEO made his comments shortly before Stanton held a news conference at baseball's winter meetings in Lake Buena Vista, Florida, to discuss a trade being celebrated in New York but panned by beleaguered Marlins fans.
Camera Icon Giancarlo Stanton, the reigning National League MVP, has been traded from the Miami Marlins to the New York Yankees. (AP Photo/Lynne Sladky, File) Picture: AP
Jeter wants to reduce his revenue-starved franchise's payroll by at least 20 per cent to $90 million or less, and Stanton will make $25 million next year as part of a 13-year, $US325 million contract. But trading him wasn't a given, Jeter said.
“I told him, ‘When we acquired this team, our thoughts were that you were going to be with us,”' Jeter said.
“I relayed to him we wanted him to be a part of the organisation, but it's his choice. He said he wanted to move on. There were three great options for him, and he chose which one he wanted to go to.”
Stanton had a no-trade clause in his record contract, for which he's owed $295 million over the next 10 seasons. Last week he turned down prospective trades to St. Louis and San Francisco before accepting the Yankees' deal.
Jeter has drawn criticism for the trade and other moves early in his tenure as an owner but said he would have done nothing different regarding Stanton. The Marlins acquired two prospects and second baseman Starlin Castro.
Camera Icon Derek Jeter was beloved by New York Yankees fans. Photo: Nick Laham (Getty Images/AFP) Picture: AFP
“Contrary to popular belief, we were not stuck with this deal,” Jeter said.
“This was the best deal out of the three for our organisation. ... We think we got some good prospects in return.”
Further payroll paring is likely at the winter meetings, which Jeter is not attending. Castro and outfielders Marcell Ozuna and Christian Yelich are believed to be on the trading block.
But the departure of Stanton increases the Marlins' options.
“It's tough to have one player be such a huge part of your payroll,” Jeter said.
The payroll purge is the latest in a series for the Marlins, who haven't been to the playoffs since 2003 and have finished last in the NL in attendance 12 of the past 13 years.
With Stanton gone, neither the team's record nor support by antagonised fans is likely to improve soon.
“Look, I get it. They're upset. They're passionate,” Jeter said.
“That's what makes them fans. But the bottom line is the fans want to see a winning product on the field. They haven't seen a winning product on the field.
“To do this, we're going to have to make some moves and build this organisation. I would tell the fans: Be patient. What had been in place has not been working, and we need to fix that.”
- with AP
Some 17 people were arrested earlier this week after occupying restricted space in Kauai's Kalalau Valley without a permit.
Some 17 people were arrested earlier this week after occupying restricted space in Kauai's Kalalau Valley without a permit.
The Department of Land and Natural Resources continues to crack down on campers illegally occupying restricted areas of Kauai's Kalalau Valley.
The Department of Land and Natural Resources continues to crack down on campers illegally occupying restricted areas of Kauai's Kalalau Valley.
The state land board unveiled a new smartphone app Wednesday for members of the community to submit anonymous tips to report wildlife and natural resource violations to the Department of Land and Natural Resources.
Named "DNLRTipp," the free app allows anyone to submit anonymous tips to DOCARE officers regarding animal poaching, illegal commercial activity, animal harassment, pollution and other violations.
"We do have a lot of land to cover and the only way we're going to do that is with citizen engagement. We need the eyes and the ears of the public to help us out,"DOCARE Enforcement Chief Robert Farrell said.
The DLNR is in charge of enforcement on millions of acres of state lands and waters, yet they operate with just 120 conservation officers statewide.
In May, the department pulled off enforcement operations in Kauai's Kalalau Valley, citing illegal campers and seizing marijuana plants.
Anyone wanting to download the app can find it in the Apple App Store by searching DLNRTip.
The state says people without smartphones can still send anonymous tips by texting "DLNRTIP" and their reported violation to 847411. DOCARE will also continue accepting tips via the DLNR hotline at 643-3567.
Copyright 2017 Hawaii News Now. All rights reserved.
April 13 Nikkei:
* Bridgestone will issue 150 billion yen in straight bonds, with plans to use proceeds for acquisitions, capital investment and a stock buyback - Nikkei
* Bridgestone debt to be issued in 3 tranches inculding 40 billion yen in 5-year bonds, 50 billion yen in 7-year bonds, 60 billion yen in 10-year instruments- Nikkei Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage:
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Outstanding finalists have been announced for the 2018 Gloucestershire Apprenticeship Awards.
The awards recognise the exceptional achievements of apprentices working across the county. There are also categories for committed training providers and employers who champion training the next generation.
Although entries are now closed, the campaign is far from over. Tickets are still on sale for the prestigious awards ceremony to be held at Cheltenham Racecourse on July 5.
Alongside an always-delicious three-course meal and inspiring speeches, the event will reveal the difficult decisions of the judges choosing between the worthy finalists.
You can be part of it all by purchasing tickets at glosapprenticeshipawards.co.uk
But the awards aren't just about who ultimately wins on the night. The campaign allows us to shout out about the expansion of apprenticeship opportunities in our county and how young people are making the most of them all.
Headline Award sponsor SGS College is the first to applaud their apprentices' success. And we've heard many of their success stories.
This includes how Amy Guy is bucking the trend by ploughing ahead with a career in IT, despite being the only girl in her class when she studied ICT at school.
Meanwhile others are bringing top-class training to their family business, like George Davis, who is doing a carpentry apprenticeship with his dad.
The award campaign is also not just about young school leavers – apprenticeships are growing rapidly in new areas especially since the introduction of the apprenticeship levy.
We heard from Simon Kay, head of digital learning and development at SGS, about their latest initiative which trains existing employees preparing them for future management roles.
The awards also enable us to inform those who know little about the scheme. So we've been talking about the benefits of apprenticeships, the different kinds of apprenticeships out there and what to consider when weighing up your options.
We've interviewed apprentices achieving across all sectors – from Maggie Storrar wowing her managers at a childcare nursery to Elliot Stephenson on the front wave of tourism apprenticeships. And we're not done yet.
In just over a month we will see the culmination of the awards at the inspiring evening ceremony. Don't miss being there!
Visit glosapprenticeshipawards.co.uk to find out more or purchase your tickets.
Sponsor Profile: Gloucestershire Engineering Training (GET)
Gloucestershire Engineering Training has been designing and delivering engineering and training programmes for large and small employers since 1977.
They say they are the only training facility in the county managed by professionals from within the manufacturing and engineering industries.
Some providers develop their courses to tie in with available funding, they don't. Their courses are 100 percent tailored to suit industry requirements. This means their learners are work ready from the minute they finish training.
GET's 95 percent success rate places their organisation within the top five percent of providers nationally.
In order to target a younger audience, they have created an animated video to be used when engaging with schools in the county to encourage the idea of engineering apprenticeships as a career choice for younger people.
You can find the video and more information at get-trained.org
GET are proudly sponsoring Apprentice of the Year in Engineering at the 2018 Gloucestershire Apprenticeship Awards.
Shadowhunters wrapped its second season on Monday with an epic battle, a heavenly sacrifice and a chilling taste of the darkness lurking just around the corner.
TVLine spoke with showrunners Todd Slavkin and Darren Swimmer about the finale's biggest twists, as well as what Season 3 has in store for Clary & Co. But first, a quick recap:
With what appeared to be his dying breath, Jonathan — who (surprise!) survived his “fatal” encounter with Jace — opened a portal to hell, unleashing a flurry of wraith demons upon the unsuspecting city. Fortunately, Magnus (reluctantly) agreed to help Alec seal the portal, while Clary and Jace tried to reach Lake Lin before Valentine.
Unfortunately, Valentine beat 'em to the lake. He killed Jace, raised the Angel and asked for the destruction of all Downworlders. The Angel refused, giving Clary the opportunity to stab her father (so many times!), before begging the Angel to raise Jace from the dead. (Which it did!)
At the gang's victory party, Izzy and Clary bonded over being “sisters”; Alec apologized to Magnus, paving the way for a conversation that ended with the couple (finally!) getting back together; Simon proudly accepted the title of Maia's boyfriend (as well as the Seelie Queen's secret prisoner); and Luke's partner revealed that she knows everything — or at least the part about him being a werewolf.
Last, but definitely not least, we were left with the chilling image of Jonathan lying in a demonic cave. He was joined by a woman — of the gross, goopy, scary variety — who referred to him as her “son.” (Yikes!)
Ready for answers, courtesy of Slavkin and Swimmer? Read on…
TVLINE | This might be a morbid question to begin with, but was Jace dead long enough to see the afterlife?
SLAVKIN | He was dead long enough for some strange things to happen to him, so take that as you will as we move into Season 3. We're not really exploring whether he saw the afterlife, although we love that idea as writers.
TVLINE | Freeform's promos touted a major death in this finale. Who do you consider that to be? Jace? Valentine?
SWIMMER | [Laughs] I think you'd have to ask the marketing team who they thought it was. To me, it was Valentine. I wouldn't necessarily say that someone dies when they come back.
SLAVKIN | We interpret it as Valentine and Sebastian, I think.
SWIMMER | There were actually three deaths.
SLAVKIN | It's kind of like cherry, cherry, cherry on the slot machine.
TVLINE | So Sebastian — sorry, Jonathan — is definitely also dead?
SWIMMER | Sebastian Verlac is dead.
SLAVKIN | Books fans will know about the destiny of Jonathan Morgenstern, but for the fans who haven't read the books, we don't want to tip that.
TVLINE | And the woman at the end, the one who referred to Jonathan as her son, that was… Lillith?
SLAVKIN | Yes, her name is Lillith. Her blood runs through Jonathan Morgenstern. It was her blood that Valentine used to experiment on poor young Jonathan. … She's the Big Bad in Season 3. We were very geeked out when we created her entrance. What an awesome entry into the world in that cave with the wraiths all molding into one. We got really excited by that.
TVLINE | Backing up a bit, Clary could have just stabbed Valentine once, but she really went in on him. Is this the sign of a darker Clary in Season 3?
SLAVKIN | Absolutely. We can't say enough about Kat McNamara's performance throughout the entire finale. In that fight, her ferociousness and her relentlessness at killing him felt like this was a huge move forward with this character. Clary will never be the same after this. Both of her parents have died, and she's the one who killed her father. There's no going back to the little 18-year-old talking about art school. She's embracing her Shadowhunter heritage more than ever.
TVLINE | Speaking of embracing things, Simon said he was sticking with the Seelie Queen “for better or worse.” Are they… married?
SWIMMER | [Laughs] No. We actually weren't thinking that at all.
SLAVKIN | He has made a commitment, he's stuck there. That was the vibe we were trying to give off.
SWIMMER | But also, in a literal way, he doesn't know what she has in store for him.
TVLINE | Will the Seelie Queen still look like Sarah Hyland the next time we see her?
SLAVKIN | At this point, we're unsure. … Modern Family wasn't shooting at the time when she did Shadowhunters. It's a balancing act.
TVLINE | I really enjoyed Magus and Alec's talk at the end of the episode. Is it safe to assume they're officially back together?
SWIMMER | Oh, they're back.
SLAVKIN | And better than ever! It's a beautiful thing as we move forward into Season 3. We're exploring the intimacy and domesticity and pushing that relationship farther along with added complications. It's super interesting and fun to write.
TVLINE | On a scale from one to 10, how much trouble is Luke's partner going to cause now that she knows about werewolves?
SLAVKIN | [Laughs] Eleven. … In Season 3, you find out what's behind her and what was behind this investigation throughout Season 2B. It was hard to get that in — there was so much else going on. So we decided to wait until the next season premiere to peel back that onion and find out the ugly and exciting truth about her.
TVLIN | Lastly, Izzy… Please tell me she'll have an easier time in Season 3.
SWIMMER | Absolutely. The troubles of Season 2 are behind her.
SLAVKIN | She's so interesting, because it was the Mundanes who saved her life in terms of the AA meetings and beating her addiction. It's created this new appreciation for Mundanes that she has moving into Season 3, which we're really excited about exploring with her.
Your thoughts on that crazy finale? Hopes/fears for Season 3? Grade the episode below, then drop whatever's on your mind in a comment below.
–
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
BURLESON - The death of a one-year-old boy in Burleson is under investigation after police say he was left in a hot car.
According to police, the mother of Kingston Jackson says she thought her husband removed the toddler from his car seat to take to daycare.
She drove to a family member's home where Jackson was left in her car for about five hours.
No charges have been filed, but police say this is an ongoing investigation.
Jackson would have celebrated his second birthday next month.
It's safe to say Hyundai is dead serious about bolstering its portfolio of performance cars as pretty soon it will add a new member to join the i30 N and the Veloster N. Seen tackling the numerous corners of the Nordschleife, the i30 N Fastback will be a more stylish take on the regular hatch once it will go on sale probably early next year.
Having seen the i30 N and the regular i30 Fastback, it's quite easy to figure out how the five-door model is going to look like dressed in N overalls. Even though it will have a different shape, chances are performance numbers will mirror those of the hatch, so expect the sprint to 62 mph (100 kph) to take approximately 6.1 seconds for the 271-horsepower version. There's also going to be a lesser 247-hp model with the same turbocharged 2.0-liter gasoline engine, with both sending power to the front wheels through a six-speed manual gearbox.
See more spy shots: Hyundai i30 N Fastback Spied Showing More Shapely Hindquarters [UPDATE]
Hyundai has said the i30 N will get a dual-clutch automatic transmission by the end of the decade, so there's a good chance its Fastback sibling will be offered with an optional DCT as well. We might also see an all-wheel-drive version further down the line, but nothing is official at this point.
Aside from expanding its N portfolio, which could eventually grow furthermore to include a Kona N crossover, Hyundai is gearing up to introduce N-Line models. These will combine the regular engines with the sporty styling of their hotter counterparts in the same vein as Ford's ST-Line.
The i30 N Fastback is currently undergoing final testing and should be ready for a world premiere in the months to come, possibly at the Paris Motor Show in October.
Video: Automotive Mike / YouTube
5 Best Ski Lodges In The U.S.A look at five of the very best ski lodges in the United States.
Five Must-See Destinations In ParisWithin the 41 square miles of Paris, France there are over 60 main attractions for visitors to discover ranging from Museums, Churches, Monuments and Squares as well as examples of contemporary and traditional architecture. This is far too many sites for the average tourist to attempt to visit during a short stay in the city of lights. Thus a list of the five most famous and must see attractions is in order.
Five Essential Planning Tips For Your European VacationNothing beats traveling abroad. It's educational, invigorating and just plain fun. With the Pound and Euro inching closer to the value of the U.S. Dollar there has never been a better time to explore new lands. In order to get the very best experience out of your trip it is essential that you put a lot of thought and planning in your preparation. The more pre-planning that you do, the fewer hassles during your travels. Here are some basic tips to get you started on your next “Trip of a Lifetime!”
Vacation With Your Valentine: America's Most Romantic RetreatsAn introduction to five of America's best romantic retreats to celebrate Valentine's Day
A woman was arrested at the Cape Town International Airport with cocaine with an estimated street value of R350 000, police said. Picture Henk Kruger/ANA/African News Agency
Johannesburg - A 38-year-old woman was arrested at Cape Town International Airport on Tuesday with cocaine with an estimated street value of R350 000, Western Cape police said.
The suspect entered the Western Cape on a flight from OR Tambo International Airport [in Johannesburg], and was destined for Doha [Qatar] on a connecting flight when she was arrested," spokesperson Lieutenant-Colonel Andrè Traut said.
"The Johannesburg woman is due to make a court appearance in Bellville on Thursday."
African News Agency/ANA
(Corrects paragraph 5 to clarify that Nasdaq 100 e-mini futures were down)
Feb 2 (Reuters) - Stock futures pointed to a slightly lower opening for Canada's main stock index on Friday as spot gold prices edged lower, led by a rise in the U.S. dollar.
March futures on the S&P TSX index were up/down 0.7 percent at 7:15 a.m. ET.
The dollar ticked up against the euro ahead of the highly anticipated U.S. non-farm payrolls data, which provides clues on the outlook for U.S. interest rates.
Canada's benchmark stock index ended its fourth day of losses at a 14-week low, as a hawkish Federal Reserve sapped demand for equities, with two cannabis producers posting the biggest declines on Thursday.
Dow Jones Industrial Average e-mini futures were down 0.8 percent at 7:15 a.m. ET, while S&P 500 e-mini futures were down 0.6 percent and Nasdaq 100 e-mini futures were down 0.5 percent.
(Morning News Call newsletter here ; The Day Ahead newsletter here)
TOP STORY
Walkie-talkie maker Motorola Solutions Inc said on Thursday it would buy Canadian security camera maker Avigilon Corp for C$1.2 billion in cash.
ANALYST RESEARCH HIGHLIGHTS
Avigilon Corp: Canaccord Genuity cuts to hold from buy
New Flyer Industries Inc: CIBC raises price target to C$65 from C$63
Saputo Inc: National Bank of Canada cuts price target to C$46 from C$49
COMMODITIES AT 7:15 a.m. ET
Thomson Reuters-Jefferies CRB Index: unchanged
Gold futures: $1345; rose 0.05 percent
US crude: $65.73; fell 0.11 percent
Brent crude: $69.42; fell 0.33 percent
LME 3-month copper: $7114; fell 0.07 percent
U.S. ECONOMIC DATA DUE ON FRIDAY
0830 Non-Farm payrolls for Jan: Expected 180,000; Prior 148,000
0830 Private payrolls for Jan: Expected 180,000; Prior 146,000
0830 Manufacturing payrolls for Jan: Expected 20000; Prior 25,000
0830 Government payrolls for Jan: Prior 2,000
0830 Unemployment rate for Jan: Expected 4.1 pct; Prior 4.1 pct
0830 Average earnings mm for Jan: Expected 0.3 pct; Prior 0.3 pct
0830 Average earnings yy for Jan: Expected 2.6 pct; Prior 2.5 pct
0830 Average workweek hours for Jan: Expected 34.5 ; Prior 34.5
0830 Labor force participation for Jan: Prior 62.7 pct
0830 U6 underemployment for Jan: Prior 8.1 pct
0830 Payrolls benchmark NSA for 2017: Prior -81,000
0830 Payrolls benchmark SA for 2017: Prior -60,000
0945 ISM-New York Index for Jan: Prior 756.7
0945 ISM Newyork Business Conditions for Jan: Prior 56.3
1000 Durables ex-defense R mm for Dec: Prior 2.2 pct
1000 Durable goods R mm for Dec: Prior 2.9 pct
1000 Factory orders mm for Dec: Expected 1.5 pct; Prior 1.3 pct
1000 Durables ex-transport R mm for Dec: Prior 0.6 pct
1000 Nondefense cap ex-air R mm for Dec: Prior -0.3 pct
1000 Factory ex-transport mm for Dec: Prior 0.8 pct
1000 U Mich Sentiment Final for Jan: Expected 95; Prior 94.4
1000 U Mich Conditions Final for Jan: Prior 109.2
1000 U Mich Expectations Final for Jan: Prior 84.8
1000 U Mich 1 year inflation final for Jan: Prior 2.8 pct
1000 U Mich 5-year inflation final for Jan: Prior 2.5 pct
1030 ECRI Weekly Index for Jan 22: Prior 151.5
1030 ECRI weekly annualized for Jan 22: Prior 5.8 pct
FOR CANADIAN MARKETS NEWS, CLICK ON CODES:
TSX market report
Canadian dollar and bonds report
Reuters global stocks poll for Canada
Canadian markets directory
SAN DIEGO — Authorities Tuesday released the name of a man who died at a hospital three days after being arrested during a disturbance at a Paradise Hills home.
A resident of the 6300 block of Clyde Avenue made a 911 call shortly before 10:30 p.m. April 16 to report that a relative possibly under the influence of narcotics was becoming violent, according to San Diego police.
Officers arrived at the residence to find 39-year-old Guillermo Corrales struggling with a family member who was trying to restrain him, Lt. Matt Dobbs said.
“The officers placed the subject in handcuffs to prevent him from injuring himself or others so he could be medically evaluated,” the lieutenant said. “During the evaluation, the subject went into cardiac arrest, and immediate lifesaving measures were initiated.”
Medics took the stricken man to a trauma center, where he was placed on life support. He was pronounced dead Thursday.
Corrales' death remains under investigation, Dobbs said.
Three times weekly exercise is safe and keeps symptoms from worsening
Exercise needs to between 80 and 85 percent maximum heart rate for benefit
First time high-intensity exercise tested in Parkinson's patients
Moderate intensity had no effect
"Exercise is medicine," says scientist
CHICAGO --- High-intensity exercise three times a week is safe for individuals with early-stage Parkinson's disease and decreases worsening of motor symptoms, according to a new phase 2, multi-site trial led by Northwestern Medicine and University of Colorado School of Medicine scientists.
This is the first time scientists have tested the effects of high-intensity exercise on patients with Parkinson's disease, the second most common neurodegenerative disorder and the most common movement disorder, affecting more than a million people in the United States.
It previously had been thought high-intensity exercise was too physically stressful for individuals with Parkinson's disease.
The paper will be published in JAMA Neurology Dec. 11, 2017.
Parkinson's symptoms include progressive loss of muscle control, trembling, stiffness, slowness and impaired balance. As the disease progresses, it may become difficult to walk, talk and complete simple tasks. Most people who develop Parkinson's are 60 and older.
"If you have Parkinson's disease and you want to delay the progression of your symptoms, you should exercise three times a week with your heart rate between 80 to 85 percent maximum. It is that simple," said co-lead author Daniel Corcos, professor of physical therapy and human movement sciences at Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine.
Because medications for Parkinson's have adverse side effects and reduced effectiveness over time, new treatments are needed.
The randomized clinical trial included 128 participants ages 40 to 80 years old from Northwestern University, Rush University Medical Center, the University of Colorado and the University of Pittsburgh.
Participants enrolled in the Study in Parkinson Disease of Exercise (SPARX) were at an early stage of the disease and not taking Parkinson's medication, ensuring the results of the study were related to the exercise and not affected by medication.
"The earlier in the disease you intervene, the more likely it is you can prevent the progression of the disease," Corcos said. "We delayed worsening of symptoms for six months; whether we can prevent progression any longer than six months will require further study."
Scientists examined the safety and effects of exercise three times weekly for six months at high intensity, 80 to 85 percent of maximum heart rate, and moderate intensity, 60 to 65 percent of maximum heart rate. They compared the results to a control group who did not exercise.
After six months, participants were rated by clinicians on a Parkinson's disease scale ranging from 0 to 108. The higher the number, the more severe the symptoms.
Participants in the study had a score of about 20 before exercise. Those in the high intensity group stayed at 20. The group with moderate exercise got worse by 1.5 points. The group that did not exercise worsened by three points. Three points out of a score of 20 points is a 15 percent change in the primary signs of the disease and considered clinically important to patients. It makes a difference in their quality of life.
"We are stopping people from getting worse, which is significant, particularly if we catch them early in the disease," Corcos said.
What sets this study apart from others is the high number of participants, and that they exercised for a relatively long period of time. Most exercise studies are 12 weeks, Corcos said.
"We gave them a proper workout," Corcos said. "This is not mild stretching. This is high intensity. It's part of the idea that exercise is medicine."
Corcos and colleagues confirmed it was safe for the participants to do high-intensity exercise by giving them a cardiologist-supervised graded exercise test to evaluate the heart's response to exercise.
Previous studies in humans suggest high-intensity exercise improves motor symptoms, but the evidence wasn't sufficient to determine whether exercise intensity modifies symptoms or disease progression. In addition, most studies have not precisely measured or controlled exercise intensity and none have been conducted at 80 to 85 percent maximum heart rate.
"Several lines of evidence point to a beneficial effect of exercise in Parkinson's disease," said Dr. Codrin Lungu, program director at the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke. "Nevertheless, it's not clear which kind of exercise is most effective. The SPARX trial tries to rigorously address this issue. The results are interesting and warrant further exploration of the optimal exercise regimes for Parkinson's."
###
Co-authors on the study include co-lead author Margaret Schenkman, Charity G. Moore, Wendy M. Kohrt, Deborah A. Hall, Anthony Delitto, Dr. Cynthia L. Comella, Deborah A. Josbeno, Cory L. Christiansen, Dr. Brian D. Berman, Dr. Benzi M. Kluger and Edward L. Melanson.
The study was funded by grants from the National Institutes of Health (NS074343, TR000005, TR001082, DK048520, HD055931) and the Parkinson's Disease Foundation.
More News at Northwestern Now
A U.S. war veteran who had his genitals blown off in an Afghanistan bomb blast has a new lease on life after a team of surgeons at Johns Hopkins Medicine performed the world's first total penis and scrotum transplant, PEOPLE confirms.
The patient, who asked to remain anonymous, has recovered from the 14-hour surgery and is expected to leave the hospital this week. A team of nine plastic surgeons and two urological surgeons transplanted the penis and scrotum — without the testicles — as well as part of the abdominal wall from a deceased donor to the injured veteran on March 26, officials said in a statement obtained by PEOPLE.
“It's a real mind-boggling injury to suffer; it is not an easy one to accept,” the patient said in a statement. “When I first woke up, I felt finally more normal … [with] a level of confidence as well. Confidence … like finally I'm okay now.”
W. P. Andrew Lee, Chairman of the Department of Plastic and Reconstructive Surgery at Johns Hopkins University, said that the team performed multiple “surgical rehearsals” before the transplant.
Devon Stuart for Johns Hopkins Medicine
“We are optimistic that he will regain near-normal urinary and sexual functions following full recovery,” Lee said in the statement, calling the man's condition an “unspoken injury of war.”
The surgery involved transplanting skin, muscles and tendons, nerves, blood vessels and bones, officials said in an official announcement. However, surgeons did not transplant the donor's testicles due to ethical issues including whether his genetic material would be transferred to the patient's children, according to The Baltimore Sun.
“We just felt there were too many unanswered ethical questions with that kind of transplant,” Dr. Damon Cooney, with Johns Hopkins Medicine, said, according to the publication.
Lacking the donor's testicles, the patient will not be able to reproduce. The procedure was estimated to have cost up to $400,000 — the hospital covered a majority of the expense, according to the Washington Post.
Through the hospital, the donor's family released a statement, which did not include the man's name or cause of death.
“We are all very proud that our loved one was able to help a young man that served this country. We are so thankful to say that our loved one would be proud and honored to know he provided such a special gift to you,” the family said in a statement obtained by PEOPLE. “We hope you can return to better health very soon and we continue to wish you a speedy recovery.”
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Tottenham Hotspur midfielder Joe Pritchard was one of two trialists named in Cheltenham Town's reserve team to face MK Dons at Seasons on Tuesday.
The Watford-born 21-year-old can also play at right-back.
He started training with Spurs at the age of six.
Pritchard missed a year after breaking his leg in action for the Under-18s at Norwich City in November 2014.
He returned a few months into the 2015/16 campaign and has since impressed for the Under-23s side in Premier League 2.
The other trialist on show is 24-year-old winger Alex Addai, who also started out as a trainee at Tottenham and was a teammate of Harry Kane's in the Premier League club's academy.
He left for a spell at Blackpool before being released at the end of the 2012/13 season.
After an unsuccessful trial at Leyton Orient, he dropped into non-league football with Carshalton Athletic, Whitehawk, Kingstonian, Crawley Down Gatwick, Wingate and Finchley, Grays and, most recently, Isthmian League Premier Division Merstham.
Cheltenham took the lead in the 19th minute when Onariase headed in a cross from Addai on the right.
Sanmi Odelusi had already been denied by a fine save from Ryan Huddart.
MK Dons levelled in the 66th minute with a close range header.
Cheltenham had a chance to win it late on when Matt Bower nodded a cross from Will Dawes just wide in the 85th minute.
Cheltenham Town Reserves: Lovett; Handley, Onariase, Grimes, Bower; Andrews, Brennan, Pritchard, Addai, Odelusi, Dawes. Subs: Clayton, Price, Scott, Rodon, Lloyd.
MK Dons Reserves: Huddart, Sorinola, Tilney, Chan, Tapp, Jackson, Furlong, Rasulo, Nombe, Logan, Sole. Subs: Bird, Bell, Evans, Martin.
The mayor of the Cape Breton Regional Municipality has announced his intent to run for the Nova Scotia Progressive Conservative leadership, just days after coming out as gay because he says someone threatened to expose his sexuality.
Cecil Clarke made the announcement Saturday afternoon at a fire hall in North Sydney, N.S. He joins fellow candidates Tim Houston and John Lohr in the race.
Clarke came out as a gay man in a radio interview on Thursday but said at the time he felt forced to make the announcement because someone has threatened to expose his personal life.
Clarke, 49, was apparently so distraught about having to make the announcement about his sexuality that he declined media inquiries on Friday. Despite the troubling way Clarke was forced to reveal his sexuality, the mayor has received an outpouring of support.
Peter Steele, former Chair of Cape Breton Pride, decided to come out decades ago, but it came as his decision and his alone.
“I'm a little upset under the circumstances that (Clarke) wasn't able to do it under his own terms, to have done it because he felt blackmailed (and) threatened,” he told CTV Atlantic.
Steele says Clarke has given people living in the closet a voice.
“He's become an incredible role model for a lot of people that, ‘yes, it's okay to be gay' and ‘yes, that's not going to stop me from being whoever I want to be in life,'” he said.
Support has also come from his colleagues at city hall, such as Counc. Ray Paunch.
“I don't think it was motivated by politics, and like I said earlier, I tip my hat to the guy for making the decision he made,” he said. “It must have been very, very difficult for him.”
According to the mayor's office, Clarke is seeking legal advice for what to do about the alleged blackmail.
The Nova Scotia PC party began its search for a new leader on Nov. 1 when then-leader Jamie Baillie announced his desire to step down, but said he would stay as leader until a new one would be elected. Baillie left the party abruptly on Jan. 24, following an allegation of inappropriate behaviour.
With a report from CTV Atlantic's Kyle Moore and with files from The Canadian Press
CTV Atlantic
A woman is in custody after a man was stabbed at an apartment building in Dartmouth early Monday morning.
Halifax Regional Police responded to a report of a stabbing at 123 Pinecrest Drive around 12:53 a.m.
When officers arrived, they found a 56-year-old man suffering from what appeared to be life-threatening injuries. He was taken to hospital.
Police arrested a 45-year-old woman in connection with the incident. Investigators say the man and woman are known to one another.
Officers remain on scene at the apartment building as they investigate.
Anyone with information about the incident is asked to contact Halifax Regional Police or Crime Stoppers.
ALBANY, N.Y. (CBSNewYork/AP) — A new poll released Monday shows New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo holding big leads over two potential Republican challengers and “Sex and the City” star Cynthia Nixon, who declared her run to challenge the Democrat as he seeks a third term in office.
I love New York, and today I'm announcing my candidacy for governor. Join us: https://t.co/9DwsxWW8xX pic.twitter.com/kYTvx6GZiD — Cynthia Nixon (@CynthiaNixon) March 19, 2018
“I love New York, and today I'm announcing my candidacy for governor,” Nixon said via Twitter.
Her campaign fundraising website declares the former “Sex and the City” actor “…hasn't been bought and paid for by special interests and won't be accepting any corporate contributions in this campaign. Instead our campaign will be powered by the people.”
The Siena College poll found that registered voters in New York state prefer Cuomo over Dutchess County Executive Marc Molinaro by 57 percent to 29 percent. They also favor Cuomo over state Sen. John DeFrancisco, of Syracuse, 57 percent to 28 percent, according to the poll.
Democrats overwhelmingly favor Cuomo over Nixon, a potential primary challenger, by 66 percent to 19 percent.
Nixon, a 51-year-old gay liberal activist, is a supporter of New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio, a fellow Democrat who often clashes with Cuomo on a variety of issues.
According to Siena pollster Steven Greenberg, Nixon “is far from a household name in New York, though she is better known than either Molinaro or DeFrancisco.”
Molinaro plans to formally kick off his campaign April 2, several weeks after he began getting the support of local GOP leaders upon telling them he was running. Republicans are expected to select a candidate at their state convention in May.
Cuomo's favorability rating slipped slightly from the previous month, with 52 percent of voters saying they had a favorable view of the governor compared to 40 percent who were unfavorable. A February Siena poll had Cuomo's favorability rating at 53 percent, down from 62 percent the previous month.
The poll of 772 registered voters was conducted March 11-16. The poll has a margin of error of 4 percentage points.
(© Copyright 2018 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
Soda City Suds Week is rounding the bend and heading for the end. (Some may be stumbling to the end.) With the finale of the annual celebration of the Columbia area's craft beer comes the Cream of the Crop Beer Festival.
Cream of the Crop happens Saturday, March 24, at City Roots in Rosewood. You can taste beers from South Carolina, North Carolina, Georgia, and Tennessee while enjoying live music and some bites from Columbia restaurants.
This culmination of Soda City Suds Week almost didn't happen. It was canceled for a while. But then like many a beer drinker, the event got its second wind and was put back on.
The State reported last month that Vanessa Driscoll Bialobreski of F2T Productions, Management and Catering had canceled the festival after running into complications with its financial formula. But then, brewery representatives contacted her directly wanting to participate, and potential festival attendees started calling requesting tickets.
Never miss a local story. Sign up today for a free 30 day free trial of unlimited digital access. SUBSCRIBE NOW
Now, Cream of the Crop is back and will feature more than 100 beers from 45 breweries throughout the Southeast.
“Soda City Suds Week exists to promote craft beer in the Midlands, and I do believe we are living up to that goal,” says Whitney McCormac of Midlands Craft Beer Supporters, the organization that puts on Soda City Suds. “We want to show potential and current business owners that there is a market for and interest in craft beer in Columbia and the surrounding areas, and while we don't take any credit for it, we've definitely seen a lot of growth in breweries and craft centric businesses over the last four years.”
The final stretch of Soda City Suds comes with a few more events than the Cream of the Crop Beer Festival.
On Thursday, March 22, Soda City Suds is putting on a happening at Crafts and Drafts on Devine Street to support our four-legged friends. Swamp Cabbage Brewing, known around town for its hearty Swamp Cabbage Porter, will be at Crafts and Drafts for a benefit for Pawmetto Lifeline, an animal advocacy and protection organization in Columbia. Pawmetto will bring some pups waiting for adoption — a promised good time for dog lovers and anyone else. A food truck will be on-site.
Also on Thursday, March 22, Birds Fly South Brewery takes over the taps the at the Whig. The Greenville brewery is noted for its old-school approach to making beer, aging a number of their concoctions in barrels with a focus on farmhouse and saison styles. The names of their beers say all you need to know: Nights Like These Irish Stout, Hope & Anchor Aussie Ale, Apricot D'or Sour, C'mon Sunshine Blended Beer and more.
Finally, Soda City Suds partners with one of Columbia premier good times, Arts and Draughts, the well-loved food, beers, community, and music celebration at the Columbia Museum of Art. It happens Friday, March 23. Cottontown Brew Lab and Conquest Brewing Co., among others, will be plying their wares. Bierkeller Columbia will offer its Kölumbianer Kölsch, Fastenbier dark Franconian lager, and Rauchbier, a smoked Bamberg-style lager.
The ragged indie ‘n' roll of Dear Blanca will headline the night. Pony League will also grace your ears with its indie folk Americana sounds, while the dark-wave Joy Division and Dinosaur Jr.-esque jaunt of The Christine Building get people moving.
If you go
Ales and Tails for Pawmetto Lifeline
WHEN: 4-8 p.m. Thursday, March 22.
WHERE: Craft and Draft, 2706 Devine St.
INFO: www.facebook.com/craftanddraftsc
Birds Fly South Flyover
WHEN: 5 p.m. to midnight Thursday, March 22.
WHERE: The Whig, 1200 Main St.
INFO: www.facebook.com/TheWhig
Arts and Draughts
WHEN: 7-11 p.m. Friday, March 23.
WHERE: Columbia Museum of Art, 1515 Main St.
TICKETS: $9 per person.
INFO: www.columbiamuseum.org.
Cream of the Crop Beer Festival
WHEN: Noon to 5 p.m. Saturday, March 24.
WHERE: City Roots, 1005 Airport Blvd.
TICKETS: $50 at www.giftrocker.com.
INFO: www.facebook.com/f2tproductions
Cream of the Crop After-Party
WHEN: 4-8 p.m. Saturday, March 24.
WHERE: Craft and Draft, 2706 Devine St.
INFO: www.facebook.com/craftanddraftsc
The Maryville Ministerial Fellowship donated $843.37 to the Nodaway County Senior Center's Angels for Seniors program.
For more than 40 years, the fellowship has held an annual ecumenical community Thanksgiving service. The service had 115 participants with members representing nine dominations in Maryville: Baptist, Episcopal, Methodist, Presbyterian, Catholic, Disciples of Christ, Community of Christ, Latter-day Saints and Calvary Chapel. Members of the Nodaway Chorale sang a special musical number.
Each year money collected during the service offering is donated to a community agency or ministry program.
“The cooperation among the churches in Maryville is great,” Louise Horner, St. Paul's Episcopal Church, said.
This year, members felt led to donate the funds to the Angels for Seniors program due to the Nodaway County Senior Center losing all of its funding from the Area Agency on Aging. The monetary gift will help fund home-delivered meals for senior citizens in Nodaway County. The contribution will provide approximately 170 meals.
“We felt a burden to meet the needs of those served in our senior center. We wanted to elevate awareness in our community,” Pastor Paul McKim of Laura Street Baptist Church stated.
Since October, the senior center has raised just over $7,000 for the program. Nodaway County Senior Center Administrator Amie Firavich stated she is thrilled with how the fundraising is going.
The center lost 40 percent of its funding this year, which Firavich estimated was close to $150,000. Anyone interested in contributing to the senior center meal fund may contact Firavich at 660.562.3999.
By Melissa Luz T. Lopez
Senior Reporter
THE BANGKO SENTRAL ng Pilipinas (BSP) will allow fund managers to invest trust funds in financial derivatives, as part of efforts to deepen the local debt market.
The central bank issued Circular 999 last week, which will let financial firms place money from unit investment trust funds (UITFs) into hedge and feeder funds.
UITFs are pooled funds from depositors which are managed by a trust company or a bank's trust department, with the latter deciding on where to invest the said funds in order to generate incomes for clients.
Existing rules allow asset managers to invest UITFs in bank deposits, government-issued debt papers, tradable securities issued by foreign countries, exchange-listed securities and debt papers, loans traded in an organized market, loans from repurchase agreements, and in shares in collective investment schemes.
BSP Governor Nestor A. Espenilla, Jr. issued the circular on March 14 allowing banks and non-banks offering UITFs to tap global investments which make use of financial derivatives as they deploy assets under management.
Derivatives are contracts signed by parties to acquire an asset at a predetermined future date and price. Under current rules, trust companies can only tap derivatives to hedge risk exposures.
“This is part of financial market liberalization as part of reform agenda. (It) allows more flexibility to funds in their use of derivatives to create better investment value propositions,” Mr. Espenilla said in a text message.
The government kicked off an 18-month reform plan for the local capital markets last year, with the goal of increasing the supply of short-term securities and creating “reliable financial benchmarks” for debt instruments. A deeper debt market is seen to provide a “second engine” to drive economic activity, with Mr. Espenilla citing the need to complement financing needs sourced from Philippine banks.
The central bank chief floated the idea of relaxing current regulations in 2017, saying that derivative investments for UITFs will “invigorate” the local trust industry and allow a more efficient management of investment portfolios.
“In the case of Feeder Fund or Fund-of-Funds, offshore/global funds which use financial derivatives for efficient portfolio management may be allowed as target fund: Provided, that financial derivatives shall not be extensively or primarily used as an investment strategy of the target fund and that the risk level of the target fund remain consistent with the objective and risk profile of the investor fund,” read the BSP issuance.
A feeder fund structure means 90% of investments are placed in a single collective scheme, while a fund-of-funds means that the pool is infused in more than one collective investment.
The use of financial derivatives should be used to help the investment fund reduce risks, trim costs or generate additional incomes “with no increase or a minimal increase in risk,” the BSP said.
Meanwhile, local players can also use hedging products, provided that these are disclosed in the UITF plan.
Hedge funds allow an institution to protect themselves against potential risks from adverse price movements. Mr. Espenilla previously said that hedging products on foreign exchange, currency forwards, and swaps are particularly needed.
TWO new fossils from the Flinders Ranges have been named after famous faces widely known as friends of science.
Both strange soft-bodied animals lived in the Inland Sea more than 540 million years ago.
The ear-shaped Obamus coronatus named after former US President Barack Obama was 0.5-2cm across with raised spiral grooves on its surface, a bottom-feeder stuck to the slime on the sea floor.
Attenborites janeae, named after Sir David Attenborough, had a raisin-like appearance but the animal may have moved through water in life.
Camera Icon Former US President Barack Obama. Picture: AFP, AFP / Nicholas Kamm
Camera Icon Naturalist and broadcaster Sir David Attenborough. Picture: Getty Images, Jeff Spicer / Getty Images
Professor Mary Droser from the University of California found these new species at the Nilpena National Heritage Site and Ediacara Conservation Park, west of the Ranges, with SA Museum palaeontologist Dr Jim Gehling.
“For us the organisms are really new, really distinctive,” she said.
“They look nothing like anything we've ever discovered before.”
The Professor and son Ian Hughes, 17, have visited the site every year since he was born.
Camera Icon University of California geology Professor Mary Droser with her son Ian Hughes at the South Australian Museum. Picture: News Corp Australia, Calum Robertson
She first fell in love with the Flinders as a research student 30 years ago and thought she'd spend a year or two at Nilpena.
“Now I'm just in for the long haul,” she said.
“They'll be wheeling me up here when I'm in my 80s and 90s, because there's so much still to discover and each discovery puts another piece in the puzzle.
“Even as a series of anti-trust investigations and an ugly pricing dispute with Apple Inc. threaten its lucrative licensing business, Qualcomm Inc. is looking aggressively ahead to its future opportunities,” Brian Sozzi reports for TheStreet.
“Chief among them, of course, is its planned acquisition of NXP Semiconductors, the leader in producing semiconductors for the automotive industry,” Sozzi reports. “The antri-trust investigations and disputes with Apple and at least one other major cell phone maker have taken some wind out of Qualcomm's sails, with its stock price declining about 22% in the past year. But It's CEO, Steven Mollenkopf, who took over the company from the founder's son in 2014, is nothing if not an optimist.”
TheStreet: Where do things stand with your licensing disputes with Apple?
Mollenkopf: I would say we have both stated our positions. We are in the process of executing the legal strategies on both sides. I like to describe it as if you are watching a movie and you only watch five minutes of the movie, you really can't tell what's going on with the plot. That's probably what people are seeing. But at the end, we are defending our existing contract that we have had in place for a very long time. We think we will be successful. We think it will take time to do that.
Read more in the full article here.
More Videos
2:27 A'ja Wilson talks about getting dolled up, reveals her USC crush
1:02 Dawn Staley throws out first pitch at USC softball
1:18 Dawn Staley credits the South Carolina fans with National Championship victory
2:56 Dawn Staley humorous, yet powerful speech at the championship parade
2:23 South Carolina president Pastides talks about wearing the same suit through March Madness
0:55 Dawn Staley talks about God, advice from friends during national championship parade speech
0:41 Dawn Staley talks about Confederate flag during National Championship parade speech
0:56 She said yes! Man proposes at Gamecock National championship parade
1:33 Sights and sounds: Gamecocks women's basketball championship parade
1:23 Mayor Benjamin names Columbia road after Dawn Staley
0:21 Gamecock Jesus celebrates national championship
Now here's a video to make you forget those Monday blues, and help you start focusing on the winter whites — or blacks and whites, as the case may be.
On Saturday, the Smithsonian National Zoo in Washington, D.C., posted this adorable video of its panda Mei Xiang getting giddy in the snow. In less than two days, the adorable footage has more than 319,000 views.
The zoo's post about the panda reads, “#MeiXiang's on a roll! She had some fun in the snow this morning. #PandaStory”
Indeed, in this beyond-cute clip, the playful panda bear is seen running, rolling and somersaulting around in the snow and ice-covered leaves of her enclosure.
According to the National Zoo's website, the staff works to keep all zoo animals happy, healthy and comfortable in the snow. “The Zoo's giant pandas, are native to the cold climate of the western Chinese mountains and are actually more active in the wintertime,” reads the release. “Panda habitat in the high elevations of the mountains is generally damper than our winter weather, but when it comes to temperature, the two climates are very similar.”
Can't get enough of cats, dogs and other furry friends? Click here to get the cutest pet news and photos delivered directly to your inbox.
The pure joy of Mei Xiang's caught-on-camera moment will have you wishing you were just a bear, standing (and tumbling!) in the snow, asking the world to love her.
And we do!
April 28China Union Holdings Ltd :
* Says it plans to pay cash 3 yuan per 10 shares as FY 2016 div payment
Source text in Chinese: goo.gl/2UgNGg
Further company coverage: (Beijing Headline News)
By Dave Shedloski
The Memorial Tournament presented by Nationwide always has been one of the premiere events on the PGA TOUR since its inception in 1976. And its status only seems to grow with legendary host Jack Nicklaus watching over the proceedings.
“It's truly amazing to think that a tournament hosted by golf's greatest champion in the game and played on one of the greatest golf courses in the game keeps getting better, but the Memorial Tournament continually rises in stature,” said Jim Nantz, longtime CBS Sports golf anchor. “For someone who treasures the sport and the history of the game as much as I do, it's truly one of the great weekends of my year.”
Newly minted world No. 1 Justin Thomas heads a field that includes eight of the top in the world rankings, while five-time Memorial Tournament winner Tiger Woods returns for the first time since 2015. Along with Thomas, all of the other two-time winners on the PGA TOUR this season are entered: Justin Rose (No. 3 in the world and the 2010 Memorial winner), Columbus resident Jason Day, Bubba Watson and Patton Kizzire.
Former PGA champion Jason Dufner returns to defend his title.
“We virtually have the who's who of players and virtually everybody's here, and I think we have probably done pretty well,” the Golden Bear said of the strong 120-player field competing for a purse of $8.9 million.
Nantz, who has worked every Memorial Tournament since 1986, his rookie year on the network, takes a look at the storylines this week in Dublin, Ohio.
>>WATCH: The Memorial Tournament Live Stream
The PGA TOUR calls the Memorial Tournament an enhanced event because of the larger purse and three-year exemption for the winner. I'd argue it's enhanced because the golf course is superb and Jack Nicklaus is the host. Agree?
The tournament is special for a multitude of reasons. This golf tournament has taken on the personality of truly being one of the biggest events in the sport. All you have to do is look at the field list to be dazzled and get the juices flowing. You've got a golf course that is ranked among the best in the world, and it's hosted by the greatest champion in the history of the sport, there's a lot for the passionate golf fan to get fired up about.
This week is a very strong field, with eight of the top 10 in the world and in the FedExCup standings. The Memorial always draws a strong field, but this one seems particularly top heavy.
It's a reflection of what's going on in the game of golf right now. For those of us who live the sport year-round, we're seeing wonderful things, [particularly] where the game is going and how it's trending. And the Memorial is one of those events that brings it all together. You can really sense that the players have a tremendously high regard for Jack Nicklaus and the tournament that he puts on.
Muirfield Village Golf Club can be an extremely tough test. We saw five-time winner Tiger Woods shoot 85 in the third round in 2015. But it also can yield some good scores. We've seen both extremes.
There are certainly a lot of places where your game can be exposed in a hurry if you're off by a fraction. It doesn't take much, as evidenced by last year's winner, Jason Dufner, shooting 77 on Saturday and rebounding and still winning. He was just a fraction off in the third round, and it cost him a pair of hockey sticks. I love risk-reward in golf; it brings the sport to a whole new level of drama. You take the best tournaments and the most memorable events we watch, and the term risk-reward is usually a part of it. Just look at major championship golf — and this really is major championship level. Look at what makes the Masters so great. It's the risk-reward nature of Augusta National Golf Club. You need highs mixed with the lows. You need the guy who pulls off the impossible shot and the guy who pays the penalty for coming up short. A young Jack Nicklaus knew what he was doing when he built Muirfield Village Golf Club all those years ago. It's the perfect arena for golf at its best, golf at its most interesting.
>>MORE: Golf Expert Interviews
Speaking of Woods, this is his first appearance here since that tough 2015 outing. What can we expect as he continues to put his game back together?
He's got a tremendous track record at the Memorial Tournament. He's come a long way in his attempt to rebound from back surgery. He's been quite a story. But who knows what to expect? He'll be closely watched, of that I am certain.
Justin Thomas makes his first start as the No. 1 player in the world. Does that make a difference to a player when he carries that banner? How will he respond?
When Adam Scott became No. 1 for the first time, he won at Colonial (in 2014), so who's to say we won't see that kind of response from Justin Thomas? This is a style of golf course that Justin Thomas grew up on. He was raised in these parts. His family has Ohio ties. This should be right in his wheelhouse. The fact that he is No. 1 doesn't come as any great shock. It comes at a time in golf when there could be a revolving door at the top of the game.
Give us your favorites and dark horses?
There have been guys over the years who have won this golf tournament whom you [would] least expect to win. There have been guys who won for the first time there, like a Kenny Perry and a Tom Lehman. Then you have Jack, Tom Watson, Fred Couples [who] always played well there, and Tiger with his remarkable record. Muirfield Village is a great showcase for many Hall of Famers, so you think about Justin Thomas, Justin Rose, Rory McIlroy, or Jason Day, who has shown tremendous determination to get back to the top of the rankings. And there are many players who appear ready to add their name to the list of winners.
Journalist and author David Shedloski of Columbus, Ohio, has been covering golf since 1986, first as a daily newspaper reporter and later as a freelance writer for various magazines and Internet outlets. A winner of 23 national writing awards, including 20 for golf coverage, Shedloski is currently a contributing writer for Golf World and GolfDigest.com and serves as editorial director for The Memorial, the official magazine of the Memorial Tournament in Dublin, Ohio. He is the author of five books and has contributed to three others, including the second edition of “Golf For Dummies,” with Gary McCord. His last book was a collaboration with Arnold Palmer for his final autobiography, “A Life Well Played,” published in 2016. He's a fan of all Cleveland professional sports teams, the poor fellow.
The Bushman Planetarium inside Agenstein Hall on the campus of Missouri Western State University will have public showings of “Africa: The Serengeti” at 7 pm, Thursday, April 26, and at 7 pm, Tuesday, May 8 the “Wonders of the Universe.”
Tickets are $5 for adults and $3 for children, students and senior citizens. Tickets must be purchased in advance on the planetarium website, missouriwestern.edu/planetarium/ or in person until 4 p.m. the day of the show at Agenstein Hall, room 140.
“Africa: The Serengeti” chronicles a spectacle that few humans have ever witnessed, the Great Migration, taking viewers on a journey with more than 1.5 million animals as they travel more than 500 miles across the Serengeti Plains in Tanzania and Kenya. The film is narrated by James Earl Jones.
“Wonders of the Universe” allows the viewer to peer deep into space through the eyes of the orbiting Hubble Space Telescope and travel billions of years back in time to witness the birth of the universe.
The Bushman Planetarium features a Digistar 4 projection system and a dome that is slightly tilted, rather than directly overhead, making viewing easier. Doors open 20 minutes before show time.
× Man killed on Facebook was a grandfather walking home after Easter meal
He was walking home from an Easter meal with his family when the stranger walked up to Robert Godwin Sr.
The two talk briefly before the stranger pulls out a gun and fires.
Now, police are desperately hunting for the man who killed Godwin and uploaded the video on Facebook, while Godwin's friends and family are trying to make sense of the senseless death of the 74-year-old man.
“This man right here was a good man. I hate he's gone … I don't know what I'm going to do. … It's not real,” Godwin's son told CNN affiliate WOIO.
This is me and my dad on Father's Day 2015. #RobertGodwinSr RIP. pic.twitter.com/B2X0suE4AR — MinisteringLove (@Repairerofthebr) April 17, 2017
According to WJW, Godwin was a retired foundry worker who had nine children and 14 grandchildren. He enjoyed fishing and often was seen walking around with a plastic bag in his hand as he collected aluminum cans he saw on the ground.
That's what he was doing Sunday in Cleveland's Glenville neighborhood, a shopping bag in his hand. He had just finished an Easter meal.
He hugged my wife and me and said ‘I'll see you guys next time,'” Godwin Jr. recounted. “I said ‘OK, enjoy your Easter.'”
A chat, then a shot
In the video, apparently recorded by the suspect, Steve Stephens, a person is getting out of a car in a residential area and says, “Here's somebody I'm about to kill. I'm about to kill this guy right here. An old dude.”
The person walks up, stops Godwin on the sidewalk and talks to him. Then the video shows a gun pointed at Godwin's head. The gun is fired. Godwin recoils and falls to the ground.
Police don't believe Godwin and Stephens knew each other.
The video was later removed by Facebook, but it was still being widely shared online early Monday.
Ryan Godwin, who said he's a grandson of Godwin's, had asked people to stop sharing it.
“Please please please stop retweeting that video and report anyone who has posted it! That is my grandfather show some respect,” Ryan Godwin wrote on Twitter Sunday afternoon.
Police have launched a manhunt for Stephens, calling him armed and dangerous. They believe he's left Ohio and may be in Pennsylvania, New York, Indiana or Michigan. An aggravated murder warrant has been issued for him.
Stephens' mother said her son was randomly shooting people because he was angry at a girlfriend. Police have not talked about a possible motive for the shooting of Godwin.
While the manhunt goes on, Godwin's family is just starting the grieving process.
“It's not real. (My father) was a good guy. He would give you the shirt off his back,” Robert Godwin Jr. told WOIO. “Feels like my heart is gonna stop.”
There were at least nine GoFundMe pages set up online soliciting funds to help Godwin's family, but Cleveland Police Chief Calvin Williams said the family is asking people not to contribute to any of those pages because they weren't set up by the family. Williams said the family is in the process of setting up an official GoFundMe page that will be released later Monday through the police department.
Flying a plane seems hard. Flying a stunt plane in and out of a tight obstacle course like the one at the (unfortunately now defunct) Red Bull Air Race World Championship seems absolutely insane.
This particular GIF is especially cool because it's almost a perfect loop. Well, you know, for that reason and the whole "death defying stunt flying" thing.
[Via Reddit]
German ministry says disagrees with regional bans on diesel cars
BERLIN, June 14 Germany's federal government is against individual states and cities banning cars with diesel engines to reduce pollution, a transport ministry spokesman said on Wednesday following reports that local authorities in Munich are considering such a step.
There were lots of positive vibes in St.Vincent's school last week with the official launch of the upcoming 5km run.
Students and staff gathered together as former Operation Transformation participant Yvonne Keenan Ross spoke candidly about her weight loss journey as part of the popular RTE programme.
She described her initial doubts and hesitation when applying for the series which sees five candidates follow a healthy eating plan and fitness regime, which also included the weekly Park Run.
"I was particularly concerned about the exercise and fitness part of the show, as I had previously done very little activity, and found walking difficult when I started."
However she began to see results within a matter of weeks and now sees exercise as a vital part of her life. She encouraged students to try to build activity into their everyday lives, even if it's only walking for 30 minutes a few times a week and stressed the importance of keeping fit for health and mental well-being.
Two of St.Vincent's Athletics stars also addressed the school.
Patience Jumbo-Gula and Kate O'Connor both achieved European success this summer and they too encouraged the girls to get off their sofas and get involved in the event.
Patience put in a phenomenal performance in July when she ran a time of 11.59 seconds to win a bronze medal at the European Youth Olympic Festival in Hungary.
Meanwhile Kate finished 8th in the heptathlon, and set a new youth record in doing so. She was the youngest competitor in the whole competition aged only 16.
They have both represented the school many times at Leinster and National level and are certainly an inspiration to younger students who wish to get involved in sports.
Head girls Aoife McGeough and Amy O'Donoghue also encouraged the girls to eat healthy and to 'make good choices' each day, particularly when choosing school lunches, remarking on the impact this can have on performance in school and concentration levels.
Principal Deirdre Matthews thanked Margaret Gamble and the Parents' Council for their hard work and dedication in organising this year's run which take place on Sunday 22nd October, leaving from the school gym.
After the huge success of last year's inaugural event they are hoping for another fun-filled fundraiser, details of which can be found on the school website.
It's been a whirlwind start to the offseason for South Carolina women's basketball — star forward A'ja Wilson was selected No. 1 overall in the WNBA draft, two guards transferred from the program and coach Dawn Staley secured a late flip for the incoming freshman class.
Things aren't over yet, either — there are still several high-profile transfers on the market, and there's one Gamecock who hasn't officially confirmed she'll be back next season. Depending on whether she is or not, USC still has as four or five scholarships it can offer of the 15 allowed under NCAA rules, though Staley has typically used fewer than that in years past.
To make sense of it all, here's where things stand now. All classes listed are for the 2018-2019 season.
Returning
SIGN UP
Help us deliver journalism that makes a difference in our community. Our journalism takes a lot of time, effort, and hard work to produce. If you read and enjoy our journalism, please consider subscribing today. SUBSCRIBE TODAY
Tyasha Harris — junior guard
Bianca Jackson — sophomore guard
Doniyah Cliney — redshirt senior guard
Te'a Cooper — redshirt junior guard
Mikiah Herbert Harrigan — junior forward
Lele Grissett — sophomore forward
LaDazhia Williams — sophomore forward
Unknown
Alexis Jennings — redshirt senior forward
Jennings announced after USC's Elite Eight loss to Connecticut that she was unsure if she would return or leave the program. As a transfer, she has only played one season with the Gamecocks, but as a veteran player at a thin position, she would be practically guaranteed a roster spot if she comes back.
The Kentucky transfer skipped the WNBA draft, which would seem to indicate she plans to spend another season in college, but she has yet to officially confirm that, and at the Gamecock Gala on Monday, she was nowhere to be found in social media posts of the rest of the team.
SHARE COPY LINK The University of South Carolina Gamecocks played The University of Connecticut in the Elite Eight Matchups in Albany, NY. UCONN advanced to play in the Final Four Tracy Glantz
Incoming
Destanni Henderson — freshman guard
The No. 9 recruit in her class and the top point guard in the nation, Henderson benefited this offseason from a few transfers that will clear USC's logjam at guard and give her a better chance of playing quality minutes.
Elysa Wesolek — freshman forward
The late addition to the class of 2018, Wesolek announced her commitment to the Gamecocks on April 16 after previously signing with Western Kentucky. After a coaching change, the Lady Toppers released Wesolek to reopen her commitment, and she officially signed with South Carolina on Tuesday.
Victaria Saxton — freshman forward
Saxton is the No. 50 recruit in her class and the eighth best forward. She signed with South Carolina during the early signing period, and given her reputation as a shot-blocker, she could very easily work her way into a key backup role, especially if Jennings doesn't return.
Outgoing
Lindsey Spann — guard, graduated
A'ja Wilson — forward, graduated
Bianca Cuevas-Moore — guard, transferred
The redshirt senior missed all of 2017-2018 with an ACL injury, and rather than compete with four or five other guards for limited playing time, she departed for West Virginia as a graduate transfer on April 11.
Victoria Patrick — guard, transferred
The lightly-used junior spent two seasons mostly riding the bench at South Carolina, so it was not entirely shocking when on April 17 she announced she was transferring closer to her Orlando, Florida, hometown to attend North Florida.
Known Targets
Amber Ramirez — guard, transfer
A former top-15 recruit out of high school, Ramirez has spent the past two seasons at TCU. Her former AAU coach, Ray Caldwell, confirmed to The State on April 18 that USC has "expressed interest" in landing the transfer from San Antonio, Texas.
Anriel Howard — forward, graduate transfer
One of the SEC's top rebounders last season, Howard was a force in the paint for Texas A&M but announced this offseason that she would graduate in three years and potentially transfer and play right away somewhere else. Both The State and 247Sports have confirmed South Carolina is a finalist for her services.
It was only a matter of time before the full-time National Guardsmen that were hired in November started protesting about their work conditions, demanding improvements and making thinly-veiled threats to their employers.
A little over three months after they started work they have sent a letter to the minister of defence complaining about the long hours they were working, the money they were being paid, the number of times per month they were on night duty, the low holiday entitlement and serving a long way from their home. The letter, signed by SYOP (an acronym for contract soldiers) gives an example of the hours a private puts in each week – significantly more than 35 – without receiving additional payment or days off.
The union mentality that plagues all sections of the public sector was never going to be kept out of the National Guard once 3,000 privates were employed. In fact, National Guard officers are unionised even though the entity that defends their interests is known as an association rather than a union. In their letter, the privates protest that “we do not have the right to appoint an association of people that would represent us,” and ask the minister: “Is it that you do not want us to organise ourselves to fight for our rights?” They also complained that their contracts were vague and they were being exploited as a result by the Guard command.
Now the 3,000 SYOP have become part of the public sector they feel they can demand the undemanding life enjoyed by the rest of public sector employees. They want the National Guard to serve them, just as the state hospitals exist to serve doctors and nurses rather than patients and schools to serve teachers rather than students – not too many night duties, an army camp close to their home, more days holiday and overtime pay when they work more than 35 hours per week. The requirements of the National Guard are of secondary importance because the needs of workers always come first in the public sector.
The letter also features the obligatory threat and reminder to politicians that if the demands of the privates were not satisfied they would lose votes. “If these issues are not corrected gentlemen, there will be mass resignations and together with our army fatigues we will hand in our election booklets.” In many countries this behaviour would have been seen as mutiny, but in union-run Cyprus, we suspect the army rebels will eventually get their way, because elections are approaching and politicians always give in to voters.
Ideally, the defence minister and National Guard chief, to whom the letter is addressed, should find out who the ringleaders are and throw them out of the army – court martial would be out of the question in Cyprus – thus making an example out of them. But a compromise aimed at keeping the mutinous privates happy is more likely solution.
Dollar banknotes are seen in this picture illustration taken April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Dado Ruvic/Illustration
Dollar, Euro and Pound banknotes are seen in this picture illustration taken April 28, 2017. REUTERS/Dado Ruvic/Illustration
NEW YORK The euro rose against the U.S. dollar on Friday after strong euro zone inflation figures, while the dollar edged higher against the yen after U.S. wages data suggested the Federal Reserve would still hike interest rates two more times this year.
Official flash estimates put euro zone inflation at 1.9 percent in the first quarter, on the verge of crossing over the European Central Bank's target of below but close to 2 percent, and above estimates for a rise of 1.8 percent. According to standard EU measures, in Italy it was 2 percent.
That helped drive the euro as high as $1.0947 EUR=, just below a 5-1/2-month high of $1.0950 struck earlier in the week.
Analysts said the latest inflation figures could prompt the ECB to take a more hawkish stance in its June statements by either upgrading its assessment of the European economy or suggesting less need for stimulus.
"There was a reminder this morning that maybe inflationary pressures will be coming through and maybe the ECB will have to go away from its super easy policy," said Axel Merk, president and chief investment officer of Palo Alto, California-based Merk Investments.
The dollar rose as much as 0.4 percent against the yen JPY= to a session high of 111.71 yen, just below a nearly four-week high of 111.77 touched April 26, after U.S. Labor Department data showed private wages and salaries accelerated 0.9 percent in the first quarter. That marked the largest increase in 10 years.
The data suggested firming inflation and helped boost the dollar even as the Commerce Department said U.S. gross domestic product increased at a 0.7 percent annual rate. That was the weakest performance since the first quarter of 2014.
"The GDP data won't alter the view that the Fed may raise rates in June and then ultimately again in September," said Omer Esiner, chief market analyst at Commonwealth Foreign Exchange Inc in Washington.
The dollar index .DXY, which measures the greenback against a basket of six major rivals, was slightly lower at 99.015.
The euro was on track to gain 2.3 percent for the month to mark its second straight monthly rise against the dollar, while the dollar was set to end the month little changed against the yen. The dollar index was set to fall about 1.3 percent to mark its second straight monthly drop.
(Reporting by Sam Forgione; Additional reporting by Patrick Graham in London; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama and Dan Grebler)
Bottom Line: Whole genome sequencing using long fragment read (LFR), a technology that can analyze the entire genomic content of small numbers of cells, detected potentially targetable mutations using only five circulating tumor cells (CTCs) in a patient with metastatic breast cancer.
Journal in Which the Study was Published: Cancer Research, a journal of the American Association for Cancer Research.
Authors: Brock Peters, PhD, senior director of research at Complete Genomics Inc. in San Jose, California, and BGI-Shenzhen in Shenzhen, China; John W. Park, MD, professor of clinical medicine, and director of Novel Therapeutics, Breast Oncology, at University of California, San Francisco (UCSF); Hope S. Rugo, MD, professor of medicine and director of breast oncology and clinical trials education at UCSF.
How the Study Was Conducted and Results: The Complete Genomics team and colleagues from UCSF evaluated CTCs from two liquid biopsies drawn from a 61-year-old female patient with ER-positive/HER2-negative metastatic breast cancer at two different time points during her course of treatment. First, they isolated 34 highly pure CTCs using immunomagnetic enrichment/fluorescence-activated cell sorting (IE/FACS) technology developed by Park and Mark Magbanua, PhD, at UCSF. Then they used LFR to perform advanced whole-genome sequencing by splitting the genomic DNA from the CTCs into 3,072 individual compartments, with each compartment containing approximately 5 percent of the cancer genome. The DNA in each compartment was subsequently labeled with a unique barcode, the compartments were combined, and the genomic DNA and barcodes were sequenced.
"From 34 cells we accurately detected mutations present in as few as 12 percent of CTCs, established the tissue of origin, and identified potential personalized combination therapies for this patient's highly heterogeneous disease," said Peters.
According to Peters, this research is the first application of LFR technology to CTCs. "LFR subdivides the genome into compartments, allowing us to count the fragments with somatic mutations across all the compartments to accurately quantify the number of mutations present in a population of cells. It also serves to remove false-positive single nucleotide variants," explained Peters.
"LFR, which explores the more than 20,000 genes in the genome and all non-coding regions, is more comprehensive than gene panels, which examine about 100 genes and focus on small genomic regions typically associated with a disease," he continued.
Because prior studies indicate that five CTCs can be expected in about half of the patients with metastatic disease, and evaluating 34 CTCs is cost-prohibitive, Peters and colleagues analyzed five different batches of five CTCs and replicated their findings. The researchers estimated that the cost of their advanced whole genome sequencing technique on five CTCs would be about $3,000 within the next few years, in line with current oncology diagnostic tests.
"That our sequencing method could detect the most important somatic mutations from just five CTCs in a noninvasive liquid biopsy is important, demonstrating cost-effectiveness and utility in clinical settings," said Peters.
Authors' Comments: "Our work highlights the importance and utility of using accurate and quantitative whole genome analysis in a clinical setting," said Peters. "We identified targetable mutations that would have been missed by current clinical sequencing strategies. In the near precision medicine future, this type of information will be critical for selecting effective personalized multi-drug treatments."
Study co-author John W. Park, MD, professor of clinical medicine, and director of Novel Therapeutics, Breast Oncology, at University of California, San Francisco (UCSF), said, "We observed that it is possible to develop a robust strategy for liquid biopsy using whole genome sequencing of circulating tumor cells. This approach allows detailed molecular profiling across the patient's entire cancer genome."
Study co-author, Hope S. Rugo, MD, professor of medicine and director of breast oncology and clinical trials education at UCSF, said, "The IE/FACS allows for exquisite and full-scale isolation of highly pure CTCs with little or no contamination of normal blood cells, thus providing the robustness needed for accurate whole genome sequencing of a few cells. Taken together, the liquid biopsy platform we described in this study suggests a viable approach for minimally invasive yet comprehensive and real-time testing of metastatic cancer in the clinic."
Study Limitations: According to Peters, the main limitations to the study are that only a single patient was studied and none of the suggested possible therapies could actually be tested, emphasizing the need for larger studies.
###
Funding & Disclosures: The study was funded by Complete Genomics Inc., of which Peters is an employee and holds stock options. Funding was also provided by the Breast Cancer Research Foundation and the Shenzhen Municipal Government of China Peacock Plan. Complete Genomics Inc. and BGI-Shenzhen have filed several patents on this work.
Follow us: Cancer Research Catalyst http://blog. aacr. org ; Twitter @AACR; and Facebook http://www. facebook. com/ aacr. org
About the American Association for Cancer Research
A youth choir will travel from South Africa to join the Angel City Chorale for part of this year's spring concert. The Los Angeles-based ACC previously performed with the Amy Foundation Youth Choir during a tour to Cape Town in 2011. They will reunite on stage at the ACC's concerts on Saturday, June 2 and Sunday, June 3.
These concerts celebrate the ACC's 25th year and will cover a world of music, including songs from Ireland, Nepal, Bulgaria, Russia, Mexico, Indonesia and Brazil. Expect their version of Toto's “Africa,” as well. A YouTube video of the ACC performing “Africa” has been viewed millions of times.
Currently, six musical Palisadians sing with the ACC. They are Harry Eden, Norman Helgeson, Kathy Jackson, Marian Niles, Cheryl Robinson and Adam Wolman.
The June 2 and 3 concerts will be in the chorale's new performance venue: Immanuel Presbyterian Church, 3300 Wilshire Blvd., Los Angeles 90010. Tickets are available at the door or in advance at www.AngelCityChorale.org.
URBANA, Ill. - The use of high-fiber feed ingredients in swine diets is on the rise due to their wide availability and relatively low cost. However, because pigs lack enzymes needed to digest dietary fiber, the energy available to pigs from these ingredients is less than lower-fiber ingredients. Researchers at the University of Illinois are helping to determine the contribution that high-fiber feed ingredients make to the energy content of swine diets.
Hans Stein, professor in the Department of Animal Sciences at U of I, hypothesized that different inclusion rates of high-fiber ingredients in diets fed to pigs might result in different values for digestible and metabolizable energy.
"Energy is obtained from dietary fiber via hindgut fermentation, and there may be a saturation point in the fermentation capacity in the hindgut of growing pigs," he says. "Increasing dietary fiber also makes feed move through the digestive tract more quickly, so there's less time for it to ferment."
Stein and fellow researchers, Diego Navarro of U of I and Erik Bruininx and Lineke de Jong of Agrifirm Innovation Center, tested ten diets fed to growing pigs. The diets were formulated by adding either 15 or 30 percent canola meal, corn germ meal, sugar beet pulp, or wheat middlings to a basal diet consisting of corn, soybean meal, and cornstarch.
As expected, apparent ileal and total tract digestibility of gross energy and the concentration of digestible and metabolizable energy decreased as the inclusion of high-fiber ingredients in the diets increased.
The amount of time it took digesta to pass through the ileum didn't differ among pigs fed the different diets. However, the amount of time it took digesta to pass through the total tract decreased with increased inclusion of any of the high-fiber ingredients. However, the apparent hindgut disappearance of energy increased with increasing inclusion of high-fiber ingredients, indicating that the proportion of energy derived from hindgut fermentation is greater when diets contain more fiber.
The inclusion rate of any of the high-fiber ingredients did not affect the digestibility of energy or the concentration of digestible and metabolizable energy derived from the nutrients themselves. In other words, each ingredient was digested as efficiently when it was included at 30 percent as it was when it was included at 15 percent.
"Based on these results, we can say that the ability of pigs to ferment fiber in the hindgut is not affected by inclusion of high fiber ingredients up to 30 percent," Stein says. "The decrease in energy utilization when high fiber ingredients are fed is mostly likely due to reduction in digestibility of other nutrients due to faster passage through the digestive tract."
###
The paper, "The contribution of digestible and metabolizable energy from high-fiber dietary ingredients is not affected by inclusion rate in mixed diets fed to growing pigs," is published in the Journal of Animal Science [DOI: 10.1093/jas/sky090]. Agrifirm Innovation Center of Apeldoorn, The Netherlands, provided funding for the study.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SACRAMENTO, Calif. – Two cats with an unlikely bond finally have a home, thanks to the power of social media.
Ray is blind and was found in September on the streets. He is a lot more confident with his best friend, Bea, around. The cats do everything as a pair, they even lived in the same kennel at Sacramento's Front Street Animal Shelter.
"Really gives him a lot of confidence and reassurance that everything is OK," said Ryan Hinderman, who works at Front Street.
They have been waiting for three months for a home that would accept both of them. So, the shelter went to Facebook to find the perfect family for the two best friends.
Kaylee Grunau and her family showed up at the same time as a KTXL news crew.
Grunau had seen Front Street's video and wanted to meet the cats in person. After months of searching and thousands of shares on social media, Ray and Bea found their match.
"Just because a cat has a disability doesn't mean that you can't at least check it out and see if it would be a good fit for your home," Grunau said.
Further Reading New court ruling could force Uber, Lyft to convert drivers to employees San Francisco's city attorney has issued formal subpoenas to Uber and Lyft in order to ascertain whether the ride-sharing companies classify their drivers as employees or contractors in the wake of a landmark decision handed down by the California Supreme Court earlier this month.
Under the opinion in that case, known as Dynamex, the court found that workers can only be considered contractors under a three-part test that seeks to determine exactly how independent they are.
City Attorney Dennis Herrera will now seek "proof that Uber and Lyft have lawfully classified drivers as independent contractors or provide their drivers with minimum wage, sick leave, health care contributions, and paid parental leave."
"We are not going to turn a blind eye if companies in San Francisco deny workers their pay and benefits," he said in a statement issued Tuesday. "We are not going to tolerate any company shirking its responsibility to pay for benefits and shifting that burden onto taxpayers when drivers without health insurance turn to the emergency room. If your company is valued at $62 billion, you can afford to give your workers health care."
Davis White, an Uber spokesman, declined to respond to Ars' questions about whether the company would be complying or challenging these subpoenas.
Similarly, Lyft did not respond to Ars' inquiry.
How To Make Your Very Own Harry Potter-Inspired Butter Beer Butterbeer is one of the most popular drinks in the wizarding world, but it is even easier to make than you think.
Best Bars And Restaurants For Frozen Margaritas In DetroitWith summertime here, Detroit is the place to be to enjoy its booming restaurant business and stop in for some adult beverages. Frozen margaritas are an all-time favorite and this guide will point you in the direction to check out some of Detroit's finest.
Wednesday on CNN's “Inside Politics,” network White House correspondent Kaitlan Collins said President Donald Trump's participation in White House Sports and Fitness Day comes with a “great deal of irony” given the “questions about his own weight loss battle.”
Partial transcript as follows:
JOHN KING: The president is at a health care event right now, signing legislation about drug use for terminally ill patients. Later today he has a sports and fitness event at the White House. As we wait for that event, we're also learning new details about the president's efforts to set a better example. Kaitlin, tell us about the president's new health regimen and who is behind helping him lose a few pounds.
KAITLAN COLLINS: The president is having this event here at the White House today highlighting health and fitness while questions are being raised about the president's own health and fitness. As you recall, back in January, the president's doctor came out to the briefing room, and while he told reporters he believed the president was in good health, he did say he was 6'3″ and 239 pounds and had set a weight loss goal of 10 to 15 pounds over the coming year. So questions are how he was going to do that through diet and exercise. As far as his diet, the president has changed his diet some, and we're told the chefs in the White House kitchen have been told to limit the calorie and fat intake in some of the meals they prepare for the president, who often eats here at the White House. He's traded his well-done steaks that he usually drowns in ketchup for Dover sole, and those cheeseburgers he eats after a round of golf now only come with the bottom bun and no longer the top half of the bun. So the president certainly has changed his eating some since that medical evaluation from Dr. Ronny Jackson. But as far as exercise, the president doesn't seem to have implemented any new routines into his exercise routine. He's said before he doubts the benefit of exercise for people his age and that instead he prefers to play golf. We should note when he does play golf, he uses a cart instead of walking the holes like some people choose to do. So a great deal of irony here today as the president is holding this event, these questions about his own weight loss battle that are still going on in the White House.
KING: A great deal of irony, the understatement of the day from Kaitlan Collins here at the White House. Thank you. We'll watch that event later today.
MONDAY, March 19, 2018 -- The scenario may sound familiar: Your doctor sends your prescription electronically to the pharmacy, and you go to pick it up. Only you can't, because the insurance company requires "prior authorization" for that particular medication.
Now you're caught in the middle, as your insurance company requests paperwork from your doctor to defend the need for that prescription. But new research suggests that process may be more than just annoying.
A survey of 1,000 practicing physicians by the American Medical Association, or AMA, found that doctors believe these prior authorizations affect clinical outcomes for 9 of 10 patients.
In addition, 92 percent of doctors said prior authorizations have led to delays in patient care.
"The issue of prior authorizations is getting worse, and the burden in terms of time consumption on paperwork has grown. And that's time I'm not getting to spend with patients," said Dr. Jack Resneck Jr., chair-elect of the AMA.
"There was a time when I expected a prior authorization request for some things I was ordering, like for very expensive or unusual medications. But the request for prior authorizations has grown exponentially, and a fair number I write now are for generic medications that never required a prior authorization in the past," he said.
Resneck said most requests are ultimately approved, but not without recurring paperwork and multiple phone calls. And this delays patient care.
The survey found that nearly two-thirds of patients experienced a delay of at least one business day, while almost one-third had to wait at least three business days.
The delay can sometimes prompt almost 8 in 10 patients to abandon their prescribed course of treatment, the AMA survey found.
This isn't the first time the AMA or others have raised this issue. In fact, the AMA and other health care groups have been working with the trade association America's Health Insurance Plans to improve the prior authorization process.
"Prior authorization is an important and valuable tool to protect patients by ensuring a prescribed therapy is safe and effective for the patient's condition and is a covered benefit," said Cathryn Donaldson, director of communications for America's Health Insurance Plans.
But Donaldson said, "We recognize that the prior authorization process can and should be improved."
The doctors surveyed would agree: 84 percent feel the burden on their practice due to prior authorizations is high or extremely high, and 86 percent say the burden has increased over the past five years.
On average, doctors are receiving 14 prior authorizations for prescriptions each week, and 15 prior authorization requests for medical services, the survey found.
And it takes almost 15 hours -- or two business days -- to process these requests. More than one-third of the physicians surveyed have staff members who work exclusively on prior authorizations.
Almost 80 percent of prior authorizations are sometimes, often or always required for medicines a patient has already been taking for a chronic medical condition.
"I spend a lot of time thinking about the best thing to prescribe for my patients, and at the same time, I'm trying to also be a good steward of resources," Resneck said.
"For myself, I'd be happier not to be subject to prior authorizations, but I can understand that there will be times -- like when there's a brand-new or very expensive therapy -- when a prior authorization is required," he said.
But, Resneck added, there needs to be more transparency from insurers. He said he can enter a prescription into an electronic health record and send it via computer to the pharmacist, and at no time do these systems tell him a drug might need prior authorization. Patients don't find out until they've gotten to the pharmacy.
Some of the ideas the medical groups and insurers have come to a consensus on include:
Reducing the amount of prior authorizations required for physicians who have shown to practice evidence-based medicine or participate in a value-based agreement with the insurer;
Reviewing and eliminating prior authorizations for medications that no longer need it;
Improving communication between providers and insurers;
Protecting patient continuity of care even during changes in coverage or insurance providers;
Accelerating adoption of electronic standards and increasing insurer transparency.
The AMA survey was released March 19.
There's more on prior authorizations at the American Academy of Family Physicians.
Copyright © 2018 HealthDay. All rights reserved.
CA Reno NV Zone Forecast
CA Reno NV Zone Forecast for Tuesday, July 3, 2018
_____
539 FPUS55 KREV 041031
ZFPREV
Western Nevada-Eastern Sierra-Northeast California Zone Forecast
National Weather Service Reno NV
331 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
This is an automatically generated product that provides averaged
values for large geographic areas and may not be representative
of a specific area. To get a more specific forecast for your area,
please visit www.nws.noaa.gov/wtf/udaf/area/?site=rev
CAZ072-NVZ002-050300-
Greater Lake Tahoe Area-
Including the cities of South Lake Tahoe, Tahoe City, Truckee,
Markleeville, Stateline, Glenbrook, and Incline Village
331 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY...Sunny. Areas of smoke in the morning. Haze through the
day. Highs 73 to 83. Southwest winds 10 to 15 mph. Gusts up to
30 mph in the afternoon.
.TONIGHT...Clear. Haze in the evening. Lows 38 to 48. Southwest
winds 10 to 15 mph. Gusts up to 30 mph in the evening.
.THURSDAY...Sunny. Highs 73 to 83. Southwest winds 10 to 15 mph.
Gusts up to 30 mph in the afternoon.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Clear in the evening then becoming partly
cloudy. Lows 39 to 49. Southwest winds 10 to 15 mph. Gusts up to
30 mph in the evening.
.FRIDAY...Partly cloudy. Highs 75 to 85. Light winds becoming
southwest 10 to 15 mph in the afternoon.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy in the evening then becoming clear.
Lows 40 to 50.
.SATURDAY THROUGH TUESDAY...Clear. Highs 80 to 90. Lows 40 to 50.
$$
CAZ070-NVZ005-050300-
Surprise Valley California-Northern Washoe County-
Including the cities of Cedarville, Eagleville, Fort Bidwell,
Empire, and Gerlach
331 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY...Sunny, haze. Highs 84 to 94. South winds 10 to 15 mph.
Gusts up to 30 mph in the afternoon.
.TONIGHT...Clear. Haze in the evening. Lows 50 to 60. Southwest
winds 15 to 20 mph with gusts up to 40 mph in the evening
becoming light.
.THURSDAY...Sunny. Highs 86 to 96. Light winds becoming south
10 to 15 mph with gusts up to 30 mph in the afternoon.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Clear. Lows 51 to 61. Southwest winds 15 to
20 mph with gusts up to 35 mph shifting to the west around 10 mph
after midnight.
.FRIDAY...Partly cloudy in the morning then becoming mostly
cloudy. Highs 82 to 92. Light winds becoming southwest 10 to
15 mph with gusts up to 30 mph in the afternoon.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Breezy. Mostly cloudy in the evening then
becoming partly cloudy. Lows 49 to 59.
.SATURDAY THROUGH SUNDAY...Clear. Highs 91 to 101. Lows 50 to 60.
.SUNDAY NIGHT THROUGH TUESDAY...Clear. Lows 55 to 65. Highs 91 to
101.
$$
CAZ071-050300-
Lassen-Eastern Plumas-Eastern Sierra Counties-
Including the cities of Portola, Susanville, Westwood,
Sierraville, and Loyalton
331 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY...Sunny. Areas of smoke in the morning. Haze through the
day. Highs 79 to 89. South winds 10 to 20 mph. Gusts up to 30 mph
in the afternoon.
.TONIGHT...Clear. Haze in the evening. Lows 42 to 52. Southwest
winds 10 to 15 mph with gusts up to 35 mph in the evening
becoming light.
.THURSDAY...Sunny. Highs 79 to 89. Light winds becoming south
10 to 15 mph with gusts up to 30 mph in the afternoon.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Clear. Lows 42 to 52. Southwest winds 10 to
20 mph with gusts up to 35 mph in the evening becoming light.
.FRIDAY...Partly cloudy in the morning then becoming mostly
cloudy. Highs 74 to 84. Light winds becoming southwest 10 to
15 mph in the afternoon.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Partly cloudy. Lows 41 to 51.
.SATURDAY THROUGH SUNDAY...Clear. Highs 86 to 96. Lows 42 to 52.
.SUNDAY NIGHT THROUGH TUESDAY...Clear. Lows 47 to 57. Highs 88 to
98.
$$
CAZ073-050300-
Mono County-
Including the cities of Bridgeport, Coleville, Lee Vining,
and Mammoth Lakes
331 AM PDT Wed Jul 4 2018
.TODAY...Sunny. Haze and areas of smoke. Highs 78 to 88. South
winds 10 to 15 mph. Gusts up to 35 mph in the afternoon.
.TONIGHT...Clear. Haze and areas of smoke in the evening. Lows
36 to 46. Southwest winds 10 to 15 mph. Gusts up to 35 mph in the
evening.
.THURSDAY...Sunny. Highs 79 to 89. Light winds becoming south
10 to 15 mph with gusts up to 30 mph in the afternoon. Ridge
gusts up to 55 mph in the afternoon.
.THURSDAY NIGHT...Clear. Lows 38 to 48. Southwest winds 10 to
15 mph. Gusts up to 35 mph in the evening.
.FRIDAY...Sunny. Highs 83 to 93. Light winds becoming south 10 to
15 mph in the afternoon.
.FRIDAY NIGHT...Clear. Lows 40 to 50.
.SATURDAY THROUGH MONDAY...Clear. Highs 84 to 94. Lows 40 to 50.
.MONDAY NIGHT AND TUESDAY...Partly cloudy. Lows 46 to 56. Highs
84 to 94.
$$
http://weather.gov/reno
_____
Copyright 2018 AccuWeather
Minnesota Twins had Miguel Sana back in the lineup who chalked up a home run against the Royals on Monday.
Coming off their dismal west coast trip the Twins entered the game with Kansas City holding a four game losing streak.
Miguel Sano had recorded just about everything against the Royals on their home turf at Kauffman Stadium except a home run. Sunday Sano kept his hitting streak alive and belted a two run homer in the 8-5 win.
Lance Lynn pitched six strong innings to win his second consecutive start and lowering his ERA a couple of points to 5.94.
Tonight Kyle Gibson will get the start. Gibson has had a long dry stretch and is looking for his first win since March 31.
Complete coverage of Minnesota Twins baseball is on information 1000 KSOO with the first pitch tonight at 7:15 PM.
Injury report: Twins Pitcher Ervin Santana will make his second minor league rehab start today for Class A Fort Myers. Joe Mauer has been taking batting practice and grounders at Target Field. Mauer could be activated Thursday when the Twins return home.
See Also:
UPDATE 3-U.S. judge orders more environmental analysis of Dakota pipeline
WASHINGTON, June 14 A federal judge ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers to reconsider its environmental review of the Dakota Access Pipeline on Wednesday, opening up the possibility that the line could be shut at a later date.
MANILA, Philippines (AP) — Philippine officials say the government is considering adding airports to serve the capital Manila and nearby areas, including a sprawling airport city complex that could handle 100 million passengers a year.
Manila's congested international airport once was dubbed the world's worst airport in surveys by travel website The Guide to Sleeping in Airports.
Improvements have allowed it to escape that listing since 2015, but it remains overly congested.
Transport Undersecretary Roberto Lim said a multi-airport system could include the present airport in Manila, an expanded Clark airport northwest of the capital that could handle 8 million passengers per year, another 2,500-hectare (6,177.5 acre) airport in Bulacan, also north of Manila, and possibly yet another airport and seaport in the former U.S. naval station in Cavite province adjacent to Manila.
Comments
comments
View larger $11.98 $9.98 - Select Qty - 1 2 3
3 in stock
Poster SKU: 171211-68869-1
Part No: P3198
Weight: 1.01 lbs
Condition: New
View All: Vincent Price | William Castle items
Product Types: Poster Crush | Posters - Reprints
Lines: Cult Cinema Icons | Throwback Space
Genres: Cult Cinema | Horror | Mystery | Suspense | Thrillers
Poster Categories: Movies, TV & Gaming
Studio: Allied Artists Pictures
Original U.S. Release: February 17, 1959
Rating: NR
Visit our poster shop POSTER CRUSH: Art & Creativity | Comics & Fantasy Art | Movies, TV & Gaming | Music | Sports
Visit our main page for additional items Here.
Details
In William Castle's cult classic House on Haunted Hill, an eccentric millionaire named Frederick Loren (Vincent Price) offers $10,000 to five people who agree to be locked overnight with him and his wife Annabelle (Carol Ohmart), in a large and creepy house.
Specifications
Size: 24x36 in
Cast: Alan Marshal | Carol Ohmart | Carolyn Craig | Richard Long | Robb White | Vincent Price
Directors: William Castle
Project Name: House On Haunted Hill
Related Items
Categories
Allied Artists Pictures | Cult Cinema | Cult Cinema Icons | Featured | Horror | Movies, TV & Gaming | Mystery | Posters - Reprints | Suspense | Thrillers | Throwback Space
2:51 Sindarius Thornwell apologizes, discusses return to action Pause
0:54 Dabo Swinney and Clemson's 5 goals
1:02 The importance of South Carolina's Electoral College and how it works
5:37 Fork&Goal: Latin flavors inspire Game Day tailgating recipes for the Birmingham Bowl
1:55 Godspeed, John Glenn: 1921-2016
1:48 Clemson coach Dabo Swinney on what he learned from 2015 CFP
6:35 Hurst, Allen-Williams with key takeaways from bowl game
2:29 Meet George: The first mature male great white shark tagged by OCEARCH
4:53 Dawn Staley talks about performance over Alabama
ABC has canceled Roseanne following a string of racially insensitive tweets from series star Roseanne Barr, the network announced on Tuesday (May 29). The sitcom, which premiered its first revival season in March, was set to air a 13-episode eleventh season this fall.
“Roseanne's Twitter statement is abhorrent, repugnant and inconsistent with our values, and we have decided to cancel her show,” ABC Entertainment president Channing Dungey said in a statement, per Variety.
Series co-star Sara Gilbert, who plays Roseanne's daughter Darlene, also condemned Barr's remarks.
"Roseanne's recent comments about Valerie Jarrett, and so much more, are abhorrent and do not reflect the beliefs of our cast and crew or anyone associated with our show. I am disappointed in her actions to say the least," she tweeted. "This is incredibly sad and difficult for all of us, as we've created a show that we believe in, are proud of, and that audiences love— one that is separate and apart from the opinions and words of one cast member."
The news comes mere hours after Barr tweeted a comment about former President Obama White House adviser Valerie Jarett, an African-American woman born in Iran to American parents, that prompted users to call for ABC to fire Barr and suspend Roseanne's production.
"Muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby=vj,” Barr wrote in a since-deleted tweet, responding to an online claim that Obama spied on French presidential candidates and a social media user who accused Jarrett of helping him "hide a lot."
When another user inquired if @RacismDog, a Twitter account that calls out racist comments, had seen what Barr said, she responded, "Muslims r NOT a race."
Following a wave of backlash, however, Barr apologized and said she would be leaving Twitter.
"I apologize. I am now leaving Twitter," she wrote. "I apologize to Valerie Jarrett and to all Americans. I am truly sorry for making a bad joke about her politics and her looks. I should have known better. Forgive me-my joke was in bad taste."
The cancellation also comes after Wanda Sykes, who served as a consulting producer, announced via Twitter on Tuesday that she would not be returning for the revival's second season. Earlier in May, Whitney Cummings, revealed she, too, would be leaving her role as co-showrunner.
"Working on Roseanne was a surreal, incredible experience," she wrote at the time. "Due to work commitments and my tour schedule, I'm gonna have to watch the Conner's from the sidelines next season."
April 24 (UPI) -- A visitor to a Cajun restaurant in Texas captured video of some apparently escaped crawfish making a run for freedom in the parking lot.
Jennifer Traill said she was driving behind BB's Cafe in Pearland on Sunday when she came across a trio of crawfish making a run for freedom after apparently escaping from inside the eatery.
"Here is something you did not see every day," she wrote on Facebook. "I hope they make it. FREEDOM!!!"
Traill said there was a fourth crayfish that appeared to have been run over by a car.
It was unclear how the crawfish escaped the restaurant and whether their bid for freedom was ultimately successful.
Team finds 'Runx3' programs T cells to amass in tissues where they protect against infection and tumor growth, opening the door to potential new cancer therapies
Looking to bolster the body's immune system in the fight against infection and cancer, researchers at the University of California San Diego and their colleagues have identified a promising new strategy to program the immune system to meet the pathogen or malignancy in the tissues where they first pose a threat.
A multidisciplinary team led by Justin Milner, a postdoctoral researcher in molecular biologist Ananda Goldrath's laboratory, uncovered a novel function for a protein known as "Runx3" that is key to the development of killer T cells--immune cells important for fighting infections and cancer. The researchers discovered similarities shared by T cells in infected tissues and tumors, and leveraged this finding to enhance killer T cell abundance in tumors, which was driven by Runx3.
Their study is published in the Dec. 14 edition of the journal Nature.
"At this time, we are seeing great promise in treating cancer stemming from approaches that exploit the immune system to target tumor cells and our work describes a new tool for directing the immune system into the right place where it can do its job," said Goldrath, the chair of the Section of Molecular Biology in the Division of Biological Sciences.
Runx3 has been known for its contributions to immune cell development but the researchers found a new therapeutic role for it. Their research in mice demonstrated Runx3 could program killer T cells to locate to and persist in infected tissues or tumors, helping to eradicate infections or slow growth of malignancies.
"We uncovered an unappreciated function for this molecule in setting up a front line of defense in tissues throughout the body," said Goldrath. "It's really a repurposing of a protein used in development to regulate the functional properties of the immune system."
The researchers believe Runx3, if properly directed, could be combined with other approaches to help T cells recognize and destroy tumor cells and enhance vaccine efficacy.
###
The collaborative project spearheaded with Matthew Pipkin at The Scripps Research Institute (Florida) included undergraduates, graduate students, postdoctoral researchers as well as long- standing collaborative efforts with Shane Crotty at the La Jolla Institute for Allergy and Immunology and Wei Wang in UC San Diego's Departments of Chemistry and Biochemistry and Cellular and Molecular Medicine.
Other coauthors of the study included Clara Toma, Bingfei Yu, Kai Zhang, Kyla Omilusik, Anthony Phan, Dapeng Wang, Adam Getzler and Toan Nguyen.
Police have arrested a woman believed to have visited neonatal units of hospitals in the Carolinas “possibly in attempts to abduct a child.”
Linda Mae Everett, 36, visited a woman and children's hospital in Wilmington, NC, on April 5th, but was denied entry at a check-in desk where all visitors must present photo identification, reports the News & Observer.
Undeterred, Everett made her way to patient care areas anyway, says a rep for the New Hanover Regional Medical Center. She was reportedly stopped and questioned when she was spotted without a visitor's badge.
While the hospital says there was no attempt to remove an infant, per the Wilmington Star-News, police fear that was Everett's plan. Following warrants for her arrest, she was taken into custody in High Point, some 200 miles from Wilmington, on Tuesday, reports ABC11.
She faces three counts of felony breaking and entering and one count of misdemeanor larceny tied to the April 5th incident.
Police say Everett also faces one count of misdemeanor larceny tied to an incident in Brunswick County. She is out on bond, reports WWAY. (This woman admitted kidnapping a newborn 20 years ago.)
More From Newser
2:40 Texas woman convicted of voter fraud says she voted Republican Pause
1:41 Fly Ty and Jacinda Jacobs on togetherness
0:51 Marvin Williams: Charlotte Hornets still headed to playoffs
3:02 Look at the massive water flow of Feather River, Sacramento River and Lake Oroville
0:37 American Red Cross operates shelter at Cal Expo
0:40 Oroville dam break would flood almost 200,000 California residents in 7 hours
1:58 Boy celebrates third birthday in evacuation shelter in Chico with help of CHP officers
1:16 Evacuees wait to return after Oroville Dam threat: 'This is not happening'
1:42 Water gushes at California's Lake Oroville dam
The Progressive Conservatives sent Caroline Mulroney to the nation's capital Wednesday hoping to rally support around their local provincial candidates ahead of the June 7 election.
At noon, a couple dozen supporters of Ottawa South PC candidate Karin Howard waited patiently for Mulroney, the party hopeful in York-Simcoe and former leadership candidate, to show up at the Walkley Road campaign office and talk about the election over sandwiches and veggies.
She arrived about 45 minutes late, but the party faithful didn't mind. It was one of several stops for Mulroney at Ottawa PC events as the party gears up for the final week before the June 7 election.
Mulroney said she could afford to leave her riding for a day at this point in the campaign. She said she learned from her dad, former prime minister Brian Mulroney, to focus on the riding before doing anything else during an election.
“The election is coming up in a few days and I'm part of a team that's really committed to making sure we win on June 7, and we're a team that works together, so I wanted to come,” Mulroney said outside Howard's campaign office. “I know Ottawa, I grew up here, and so I wanted to come and support some of my fellow candidates.”
Mulroney said she doesn't want to take anything for granted in her own riding, but she noted the debates have wrapped up in York-Simcoe.
“I thought I could get away for an afternoon,” she said. “I will be back (Thursday) morning.”
Questions remain about the PCs' platform and when the party will provide a complete financial overview of its projected expenses and revenue flowing from their promises.
Mulroney pointed to the party's website, which doesn't include a detailed financial picture.
“Things are on the website, on the party's website, and elements of the plan are there with the costing associated, and I know Doug has said we'll probably, given the state of the finances that we are in, the state of the finances today, that we'll be probably be running deficits for a couple of years, but our plan is to get out of deficit, and that's why are our promises are modest and we believe affordable and it's on the website.”
The PCs believe their promises are “modest and affordable,” she said.
Howard was starstruck by Mulroney's presence.
“She's iconic,” Howard said. “She ran for the leadership and she expressed her opinions, so that's why she's a bit of a star today.”
Howard wouldn't get into her claim that her Liberal foe, John Fraser, has been videotaping and following her during the campaign. She made the remark during an all-candidates meeting Tuesday night. Fraser denied her claim.
“The point's been made and that's all we need to say about it,” Howard said Wednesday after being asked to further explain her allegation.
“To me, the book is closed now. I've said the point and people have heard it, and that's about all I want to say about it.”
jwilling@postmedia.com
twitter.com/JonathanWilling
What does Valve's Linux GPU driver developer Timothy Arceri do now that he took the RadeonSI Gallium3D driver up to OpenGL 4.4 in its compatibility profile mode ? Work on OpenGL 4.5 compatibility profile support, of course.While the recent effort from taking the OpenGL compatibility profile mode in RadeonSI from OpenGL 3.1 to OpenGL 4.4 means a great deal of more games/applications are now working with this open-source Radeon GCN OpenGL driver, Arceri is working on OpenGL 4.5 support for this context that allows deprecated OpenGL features to still be mixed in with newer versions of OpenGL.Hitting the OpenGL 4.5 compatibility profile support isn't going to be a trivial task as there are some big enablers left like getting OpenGL Direct State Access (DSA) working in this mode. Arceri already commented that seeing that support is unlikely before the Mesa 18.2 branching in late July.But for a temporary measure at least, he sent out a patch loosely enabling it when forcing the OpenGL 4.5 compatibility mode. With the patch and setting the MESA_GL_VERSION_OVERRIDE=4.5COMPAT environment variable is good enough to make some software happy.One game helped out by this override is using the game No Man's Sky under Wine, but others are also apparently helped based on the aforelinked mailing list post.Mesa 18.2 is expected to be branching around 20 July while the official release of this quarterly feature update will likely be around mid-August.
Valerie Jarrett, one of Barack Obama's top advisers, responded after actress and comedian Roseanne Barr compared her to an ape in a tweet. Barr later deleted the tweet.
Read: ABC Cancels 'Roseanne' Reboot After Racist Tweet
"I think we have to turn it into a teaching moment. I'm fine," Jarrett said during a town hall on "everyday racism," hosted by MSNBC Tuesday night.
Then she turned the conversation toward the incidents of racism that occur every day, out of the public eye.
"I'm worried about all the people out there who don't have a circle of friends and followers who come right to their defense -- the person who's walking down the street minding their own business, and they see somebody cling to their purse or run across the street," Jarrett continued. "Or every black parent I know who has a boy, who has to sit down and have a conversation, 'the talk,' as we call it. And as you say, those ordinary examples of racism that happen every single day."
Jarrett was also asked whether she felt that the president has set a tone that makes people feel more empowered to express the kind of sentiment that Barr did.
"Tone does start at the top," she responded, "and we like to look up to our President and feel as though he reflects the values of our country. But I also think that every individual citizen has a responsibility too, and it's up to all of us to push back. Our government is only going to be as good as we make it be."
Earlier Tuesday, Barr had apologized for the racist tweet about Jarrett, which read, "muslim brotherhood & planet of the apes had a baby=vj."
After widespread condemnation on social media, Barr initially denied accusations of racism by insisting that "Islam is not a race." Eventually, though, she apologized, tweeting, "I apologize to Valerie Jarrett and to all Americans. I am truly sorry for making a bad joke about her politics and her looks. I should have known better. Forgive me-my joke was in bad taste."
Nonetheless, within hours, ABC announced it was canceling her show, a revival of "Roseanne," which had scored record ratings in its first episode.
Jarrett also noted that Disney CEO Bob Iger called her before ABC announced the show's cancellation. "He apologized," she said. "He said that he had zero tolerance for that sort of racist, bigoted comment, and he wanted me to know before he made it public that he was canceling the show."
© 2018 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved.
KIDS THESE DAYS AND THEIR TREBUCHETS! Parents Throughout The Ages Complaining About Why Their Kids' Generation Is So Lazy
Branded filmmaker collective The Story Shop put together this tight parody film to skewer a trope we're pretty sure everyone is getting sick of but no one can resist: the famous "Kids these days are so lazy! Back in my day, we had it way harder!" fallacy.
Further Reading Twitter says gag on surveillance scope is illegal “prior restraint” OAKLAND, Calif.—Twitter has asked a federal judge to decide what seems like a relatively simple question: is it ok to tell the public that the company received a specific number of national security orders, rather than simply a broad range, during a given period of time?
The case began more than two years ago, when Twitter sued the Department of Justice and argued that the federal law that prohibits the company from being more precise is unconstitutional. The government counters that courts should defer to the executive branch with respect to classification and not allow Twitter's request.
Lawyers representing the social media giant and the Department of Justice squared off on Tuesday during a hearing as to whether the judge should immediately rule in the government's favor on a motion for summary judgment.
In recent years, many tech companies including Twitter have issued transparency reports that show the public how many law enforcement requests, from countries and agencies worldwide, they have received in a given period. Prior to filing the lawsuit, Twitter even went so far as to sent the DOJ a draft transparency report, which has been released in redacted form in court filings. In a letter, the FBI responded that the information contained in the report "is classified, and cannot be released."
Twitter has argued that just as it has been precise in other areas of its transparency report, so too should it be allowed to say how many national security orders it has received from American authorities.
"Even under the most generous First Amendment standard, there is nothing in there that it is a national security harm to say that we received 44 as opposed to 0 to 499," Lee Rubin, a lawyer representing Twitter, said during the Tuesday hearing.
Such bands of numbers (0 to 499, for example) are formally codified in the USA Freedom Act, which was signed into law in 2015.
In court filings, DOJ lawyers have said that allowing Twitter to provide this specific level of information would be detrimental to national security. This assertion is according to a declaration filed by Michael Steinbach, the executive assistant director of the national security branch of the FBI, where he argued that "the disclosure of the information at issue would provide our adversaries a clear picture of the Government's surveillance activities pertaining to national security investigations." Steinbach also submitted a classified version of his declaration, which has not been made public.
You're not special
During the Tuesday hearing, US District Judge Yvonne Gonzalez Rogers, an Obama-appointed judge, seemingly rebuked the government at one point and noted that its legal responses did not directly address Twitter's arguments. "The analysis that has been provided to the court is generic to any company," she said, explaining that there was "nothing in here that is specific to Twitter.
"If I had five different cases, one by Twitter, one my Microsoft, one by Facebook and all the other groups that do this social media stuff that none of us judges do, [Steinbach] could have taken this exact same declaration and cut and paste the declaration, switched out the names of the company and I would have the same generic explanation for why it is that the government wants to do what it wants to do."
Julia Berman, a lawyer for the Department of Justice, repeatedly cited the Steinbach declaration, citing his concern for how potential adversaries might use this more granular information to their advantage. "Any specific number would be impossible to have a showing that that particular number would have harm to national security," Berman said during the hearing.
Berman also referred back to a 2009 appellate decision, Wilson v. CIA, from the 2nd US Circuit Court of Appeals. That case involved Valerie Plame Wilson, a CIA agent who challenged the fact that the agency classified the dates that she worked, forcing them to be redacted in her own memoir. The 2nd Circuit ruled in favor of the CIA, reaffirming that the judiciary should grant the executive branch of government a wide berth when it comes to issues of national security.
Rubin argued that Twitter should be granted further civil discovery as a way to possibly show the unclassified internal deliberative process to bolster its case. "In a case like this, there is no precedent in granting discovery," Berman countered.
Judge Rogers did not rule from the bench on Tuesday, but likely will issue a written opinion in the coming months.
Why Marketers Heart Video for Valentine's Day
Share this content:
linkedin
google
Email
Print
Why Marketers Heart Video for Valentine's Day
The National Retail Federation estimates that consumers in the U.S. will spend $18.2 billion this Valentine's Day. Large though the figure may appear, it's actually down from last year's record high of $19.7 billion. It works out to an average of $136.57 per person. The bulk of it, $85.21, is earmarked for one's romantic partner, and the rest is divided among parents and children, teachers or classmates, friends, pets, and coworkers.
Though gifts of jewelry, flowers, chocolates, and dinners out, still make up the bulk of anticipated spending, there are also other options considered, particularly in light of the expanded categories for recipients of gifts on this holiday. And that means expanded opportunities for marketing around the holiday. The medium of choice for many marketers is video, because of its reach, its engagement, and the metrics on both.
The visual advantage
“Most people take in information through their eyes,” says Lisa Bennett VP of Marketing at Kaltura. They also are much more likely to share visual media than text alone, and sharing is essential to expanding reach on social platforms.
“Visual sharing key to expanding online reach,” Michael McMaster, VP of Lead Generation at JumpCrew asserts. One reason for that is that “social network prioritize video format over others.” Facebook, for example, has publicly declared its intention “to be a video first platform.” Beyond that, McMaster, finds video has the ability to contextualize products and services specifically for the occasion. For Valentine's Day, a video can showcase something “that may not be thought of as romantic” in “a romantic way,” to expand the possibilities for marketing. The contextual frame can also allow images that can fit various occasions and holidays “like unboxing a present” be connected directly to Valentine's Day.
Cauldron Ice Cream, for example, posted a video on Facebook that showcased its flower shaped ice cream as perfect for Valentine's Day. There are also instructional videos for Valentine's Day workouts, makeup applications, and cake decorations. A video from Pandora that was posted to Facebook and Thrillist focuses completely on the emotions surrounding the day without getting overly sentimental with the humor in the contrast we see between the expectations the woman has for the day and what actually happens.
That emotional impact is what makes video “extremely powerful” for retail marketing, according to Bennett. She points out that video is six times as effective as the written word in marketing, as customer indicate a preference four to one preference of watching a product presentation rather than reading about it. On top of that, people who watch a video about a product before purchase are 30 percent less likely to return it.
It's no surprise then that online sellers like Zappos have invested in “their own stuidio because they realize how effective video is for them as a selling tool,” she says. In fact, video marketing is “much more integrated into the lead generation funnel,” serving a much more central role than merely raising awareness of the brand as it was originally used.
This is not your father's video
Jeff Rubenstein, VP, Product - Learning and Collaboration at Kaltura explains that video marketing has evolved from the days in which all you could do with it was watch it. It's no longer just a “lean back experience.” It can be interactive with options like buttons to press, selections to be made for a “choose your own adventure” story. And the data on the videos is not limited to the number of times it played; it also monitors how far in viewers have watched and at what point they drop off.
All that gives marketers a valuable feedback about their target audience and empowers them to optimize their outreach. “Marketers are understanding that they need to leverage that tool to the max to reach their audiences,” Bennet explains. Given the overwhelming amount of visual content confronting audiences, marketers need to find just what will resonate with their target market.
The arrival of a single Black-backed Oriole bird in rural Pennsylvania - 5000 kilometres from its usual home in Mexico - was worth an estimated $US 223,851 to the economy from bird watchers flocking to see it.
The study, by a UNSW Sydney-led team, is the first to quantify the economic impact of a vagrant bird - a species observed outside its normal geographic range.
"More than 1800 birders from all over the Unites States and parts of Canada came to see the Black-backed Oriole, which was first spotted in a suburban backyard on 26 January 2017," says study first author and UNSW Science PhD candidate Corey Callaghan.
"The bird stayed for 67 days, until 10 April, and we estimate this ecotourism event generated more than $3000 a day for the local and extended economy as a result of the travel, food and accommodation costs of the avitourists."
The study, by researchers from UNSW, the Australian Museum, Charles Sturt University and the Royal Botanic Gardens in Sydney, is published in the journal Human Dimensions of Wildlife.
"There is sometimes a mixed perception of the role biodiversity plays in our economy," says study senior author Professor Richard Kingsford, Director of the UNSW Centre for Ecosystem Science.
"Here we show that real dollars come from conserving biodiversity. This one bird made an important contribution to the economy."
The 2017 appearance of the Black-backed Oriole in a backyard bird feeder in rural Berks County in Pennsylvania was only the second time this species had been recorded as visiting the US.
The researchers examined a log book of visitors kept by the homeowners, and surveyed the tourists about their travel costs, to estimate the economic value of the event.
"I've always wondered how much money is generated by this unique and unpredictable part of birding - vagrant bird chasing - given the number of people who sometimes travel long distances to see an individual bird outside its normal range," says Mr Callaghan, who is himself a keen birder.
"This was a rare opportunity to find out, and our study reveals just how much people are prepared to pay. There are dozens of similar events around the world each year."
Watching birds is big business in the United States, Australia, and around the world. According to the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, up to $40 billion dollars per year are spent on watching birds in the US.
Ultimately, all birds depend on their habitats and so the benefits to the economy from bird watching need to be balanced against environmental threats that destroy their habitats, such as land clearing. There is a need to have thorough economic assessments of developments, given the value to the economy from passive bird watching, the researchers say.
###
Media contacts:
Corey Callaghan: c.callaghan@unsw.edu.au
Professor Richard Kingsford: richard.kingsford@unsw.edu.au,
UNSW Science media: Deborah Smith: +612 9385 7307, +61 478 492 060, deborah.smith@unsw.edu.au
Canon is bulking out its EOS range with a number of new DSLR models, the 800D taking on a more beginner role than its also-announced step-up 77D cousin.
Between the two new models, certainly in terms of specification, there's not a great deal of difference. The 800D lacks the more advanced layout and top LCD panel display of the 77D, giving it a more beginner-focused bent and a price saving of £50 (it's £779 body-only, rather than £829).
The big question, then, is whether the 800D makes any sense as an upgrade to the current 750D/760D models, or if Canon is now cramming excessive numbers of models into its range?
Guided UI interface as standard
No top panel LCD display
Fewer controls, simpler layout
If you end up gazing into the spec sheets of both 800D and 77D there aren't a huge number of differences. It's when physically looking at the cameras that the more notable differences can be seen.
The 800D has a Guided UI interface by default (also available in the 77D, but has to be activated) which presents as a more visual rear-screen representation of which shooting mode does what (as input from the mode dial) and how to get more effective results. The 800D also lacks the lock switch and top panel LCD display of the 77D, making for a simpler and more beginner-focused layout.
45-point Dual Pixel AF autofocus system
Bluetooth control & file sharing
Latest 24.2-megapixel CMOS sensor
While the differences between 800D and 77D aren't huge, there's a notable jump over the EOS 750D (and, to some degree 760D). That mainly comes down to the autofocus system, which in the 800D is a 45-point Dual Pixel AF system (as found in both the 80D and 77D). So there's no scrimping on the autofocus ability - it's the very same and just as capable as cameras that cost £50 and £250 more (what you're paging for there is build quality).
The Dual Pixel AF system is important as it functions great when using the camera either through the viewfinder or via the rear LCD screen in live preview mode (activated by pressing a button on the rear of the camera). As some phase-detection autofocus pixels are positioned on the imaging sensor itself the camera is far quicker when using the rear screen than older Canon cameras.
Live preview is as good as DSLR cameras get - although, as we said of the 77D, it still can't quite outsmart the likes of Panasonic's Lumix G range of compact system cameras. Nonetheless, Canon's effort it still very impressive.
Of the 800D's 45 AF points all are cross-type, meaning each is just as sensitive whether you're shooting in portrait or landscape orientation. Ultimately, if you're eyeing-up the 750D then, well, the 800D is far more capable and worth a look in.
3-inch, 1040k-dot tilt-angle touchscreen LCD
0.82x magnification, 95 per cent FoV optical finder
The 800D's rear screen and viewfinder arrangement are one and the same as the 77D's too. Its 95 per cent field-of-view optical viewfinder is what you'd expect at this price point. That crucial “95” number meaning that you won't see the outermost five per cent of what you're going to capture during preview when using the viewfinder (with the 80D it's 100 per cent, which is what-you-see-is-what-you-get) so framing its perfectly accurate.
The screen might be the way the 800D is used even more, however, as it's built on a variable-angle bracket and has touch-sensitivity too. That's great for manipulating the live preview and viewing at waist-level, for example, or twisting the screen around for overhead work. It's sensitive to the touch, which makes for simple press-to-focus action.
However, we do still think that Canon could be more specific with its live preview focus types. Through the viewfinder there's a lot more control per focus point, with each of the 45-points clearly illustrated. On the rear screen, in live preview, the subject tracking and single point AF options are somewhat crude by comparison. Again, Panasonic's G-series are more capable here, which might make something like the Lumix G80 the more logical choice if you're only ever going to use the screen to focus.
24.2MP APS-C CMOS sensor
ISO 100-25,600 (51,200 extended)
Latest Digic 7 processor
On paper the 800D's sensor looks to be the very same 24.2-megapixel one as you'll find in the 80D. That's not precisely the case, however, as it's a new construction, paired with the latest Digic 7 processor - and, again, the same one that you'll find in the 77D.
Will that make a huge difference to imaging potential? We highly doubt it. After all, despite Digic 7's higher speed as a processor, the 800D's maximum six frames per second (6fps) is one frame fewer than the older 80D's 7fps, again matching the 77D.
We're reaching a point where sensors of the same size, resolution and similar era are rendering results much the same as others. What Canon is doing with the 800D is saying this: if you want a more advanced setup then go for the 77D; if you're after some mid-level features but are still learning and want some in-camera guidance then the simpler arrangement of the 800D will be more suitable.
There's also 1080p movie capture at up to 50 or 60fps. No 4K, which is reserved for the ultra high-end Canon cine cameras at the moment (but which is offered at consumer level by just about every other manufacturer).
First Impressions
On the one hand the Canon 800D busies the EOS DSLR range and could make that purchase decision more complex. On the other, if you know you want a more accessible camera with a and step-by-step user interface then it makes more sense than the 77D. Plus it'll save you money. Match your feature wants correctly and you needn't pay over the odds.
Lottery State-by-State
The state-by-state winning lottery numbers through Tuesday:
VIRGINIA
Cash 5 Day
09-13-19-28-32
(nine, thirteen, nineteen, twenty-eight, thirty-two)
Cash 5 Night
01-14-15-28-31
(one, fourteen, fifteen, twenty-eight, thirty-one)
Pick 3 Day
6-4-7
(six, four, seven)
Pick 3 Night
8-8-7
(eight, eight, seven)
Pick 4 Day
8-4-4-7
(eight, four, four, seven)
Pick 4 Night
4-0-8-6
(four, zero, eight, six)
WASHINGTON
Daily Game
5-1-4
(five, one, four)
Keno
01-02-05-06-09-11-12-16-30-32-36-53-54-58-61-62-63-71-77-78
(one, two, five, six, nine, eleven, twelve, sixteen, thirty, thirty-two, thirty-six, fifty-three, fifty-four, fifty-eight, sixty-one, sixty-two, sixty-three, seventy-one, seventy-seven, seventy-eight)
Match 4
05-11-12-14
(five, eleven, twelve, fourteen)
WEST VIRGINIA
Cash 25
03-04-06-11-14-17
(three, four, six, eleven, fourteen, seventeen)
Daily 3
2-5-9
(two, five, nine)
Daily 4
9-3-6-9
(nine, three, six, nine)
WISCONSIN
5 Card Cash
QC-AH-10C-5D-9D
(QC, AH, 10C, 5D, 9D)
SuperCash
14-18-23-24-38-39, Doubler: N
(fourteen, eighteen, twenty-three, twenty-four, thirty-eight, thirty-nine; Doubler: N)
Badger 5
09-18-20-24-31
(nine, eighteen, twenty, twenty-four, thirty-one)
Estimated jackpot: $10,000
Daily Pick 3
4-3-5
(four, three, five)
Daily Pick 4
3-6-6-4
(three, six, six, four)
Henderson Point residents upset by the remains of a stalled condo project are excited by news that the property may finally come down.
Win Tickets To Erebus Haunted Attraction In Downtown Pontiac!
Miller Lite Tailgate ChallengeDo you have the best tailgate in Metro Detroit? 97.1 The Ticket and Miller Lite have teamed up to see if you are the ultimate tailgater!
Miller Lite Appearance – Buffalo Wild Wings97.1 The Ticket and Miller Lite have teamed up to give away Detroit Lions tickets. Come to the Buffalo Wild Wings in Washington Township on October 6 from 7:00 pm – 9:00 pm for your chance to win a four-pack to see the Detroit Lions vs Steelers on October 29 at Ford Field.
Jamie and Stoney Lions Ticket GiveawayMiller Lite and Jamie and Stoney want to give you tickets to see the Detroit Lions vs Carolina on October 29 at Ford Field. Listen to Jamie and Stoney on October 6 between 6:00am – 10:00am for your chance to win.
Several people who hung a banner calling for abolishing Immigration and Customs Enforcement from the Statue of Liberty's pedestal on the Fourth of July have been arrested, and authorities say a person is scaling the statue's base.
National Park Service spokesman Jerry Willis says the climber was at the base beneath the statue's foot Wednesday afternoon. Willis says police are atop the base, advising the climber to go down.
Photo courtesty of Twitter user @HelloDannyOwens
It's unclear whether the climb is related to the earlier banner demonstration.
Willis says at least six people were taken into custody then. He says federal regulations prohibit hanging banners from the monument.
The banner said "Abolish I.C.E.," referring to part of the Department of Homeland Security. ICE officers arrest and deport immigrants who are in the United States illegally, among other duties.
Photo courtesy of Twitter user @HelloDannyOwens
Protester attempts to scale the Statue of Liberty in New York, prompts evacuation
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
You may not post new threads
You may not post replies
You may not post attachments
You may not edit your posts
HTML code is Off
From sashimi to smoked salmon, ceviche to mussels Provençal, seafood dishes are among the world's best-loved culinary delights and dietary staples.
But the billions of people on the planet may love them too much. According to United Nations estimates, about 57 percent of fish stocks are exploited -- meaning they can bear no more fishing without population decline -- and 30 percent are over-exploited, depleted or recovering.
A solution may be on the horizon. According to a study published today and co-authored by Peter Kareiva, director of the UCLA Institute of the Environment and Sustainability, ocean-farmed fish and seafood -- or aquaculture -- has the potential to satisfy global demand by using a tiny fraction of oceans. Freshwater fish farms have been around for a long time, but off-shore operations are a more recent development.
Drawing on the findings of the paper, which maps the global potential of aquaculture, a mere 0.025 percent of the world's oceans could satisfy global demand for fish, which is at an all-time high. An area of prime locations the size of Lake Michigan could theoretically provide as much as all of the world's wild-caught fisheries combined.
Kareiva said the findings offer hope for both the environment and people.
"We need to find more protein for our growing population, and we have pretty much tapped out wild fish as protein sources," Kareiva said. "This study shows that farming fish in the ocean could play a huge role in feeding people without degrading our ocean or overfishing wild species."
Previous research has mostly focused on specific aquaculture topics like where to best farm specific species, said Rebecca Gentry, the study's lead author and a marine ecologist who got her doctorate from UC Santa Barbara's Bren School of Environmental Science and Management. When settling on the broad subject of the study, the research group -- which includes non-governmental organizations, universities and industry experts -- quickly discovered that there were many questions to answer.
"We realized that there is a lack of broad-scale science looking at how aquaculture can be done sustainably," Gentry said. "We really didn't know where it can be done, how much it can be done."
First, they had to rule out areas that can't be farmed -- places like shipping lanes, marine protected areas and offshore drilling sites. They looked at the physiology of 180 species being farmed and what environments are most conducive to them, combining data like ocean depth, temperature and the biological needs of species. They also ruled out places that would be impractical given current technology -- the middle of the ocean might be farmable in the future, but the industry can't do it effectively now.
With warmer waters that support more life, "tropical countries tend to have the highest production potential," Gentry said. "These are also the places where there's a lot of need for economic development, with food security issues looming."
Ocean aquaculture is already the fastest-growing food sector, but a lot of work remains to reach its vast potential. There are a few difficult barriers to overcome. In some countries, including the United States, a network of regulations makes it challenging to establish even a single farming operation, the researchers said. In other places, lack of regulation leads to environmental destruction -- concentrated waste from poorly managed or designed operations can severely pollute waters and coastal areas.
Also, ocean aquaculture needs to compete in the marketplace and turn a profit, and farming in the open ocean is trickier than doing so close to shore, requiring extra investment. "It takes some engineering to be able to withstand waves and currents," Gentry said. "The offshore environment can be a pretty brutal place. Having strong infrastructure is taking some time to get going."
Aquaculture is a tradition that stretches back to at least the fifth century B.C., when East Asian farmers raised fish in their flooded rice fields. Doing it in the ocean is a more recent development -- and has mostly taken place in sheltered bays and estuaries near land. Farming close to shore is often less sustainable because it lacks deep waters to disperse the byproducts of the process and interferes with other uses like recreation.
Poorly planned farms have led to negative press, much of it well-deserved, Gentry said. Farmed fish operations have often come with environmental degradation and problems with diseases and parasites. In recent years, however, the science and industry best practices have been refined. Now it's a matter of putting it into action in a thoughtful way that takes into account the needs of various communities.
"We need to think and be smart and put it where it should go from a production, environmental and social perspective," Gentry said.
Still, the growing industry has massive promise. Coastal countries like Argentina, Indonesia and India have fertile seas that could feed huge populations while providing local economic benefits. Doing it sustainably will not only keep fish on the menu, it will help wild populations bounce back, improving the health of all marine life.
###
“Amazon's latest perk… free delivery to your car,” Mae Anderson reports for The Associated Press. “The Seattle company on Tuesday began offering delivery in 37 cities to Amazon Prime members who own newer General Motors or Volvo vehicles.”
“The company will expand the number of locations as well as eligible vehicle makes and models going forward,” Anderson reports. “Last year, Amazon launched Amazon Key which lets those who with a Wi-Fi-connected lock to unlock their front doors so that packages could be left inside. Earlier this year, the company acquired Ring, which makes Wi-Fi-connected cameras and doorbells.”
“The in-car delivery service is available to members of Amazon Prime whose cars are parked in publicly accessible areas, such as on the street in front of an apartment building, at a workplace parking lot, or in a driveway,” Anderson reports. “Packages are placed in the vehicle's trunk or out of plain sight. Deliveries are available right now to Prime members with 2015 year or newer Chevrolet, Buick, GMC or Cadillac vehicles with GM's OnStar connected-car service, and those with a 2015 or newer Volvo vehicle with an active Volvo On Call account. Customers must download the Amazon Key app to which they can link a connected car.”
Read more in the full article here.
KIRKLAND LAKE -
The opening of Kirkland Lake's new aquatic center has been delayed. The pool was to have been opened Tuesday evening however Director of Community Services Bonnie Sackrider stated "during final testing and commissioning of the chemical controllers over the weekend, it appeared as though one was not working optimally and not adding chemicals as required for bather comfort and safety. Since safety of all patrons is of the utmost importance, staff decided to delay the opening until all parameters were in the ideal zones. In consultation with industry specialists, various strategies are being implemented with the goal of opening as soon as possible. All equipment and processes will be verified to ensure operability."
She added "announcements will be made regarding the opening as soon as it is confirmed. School swims scheduled for Wednesday will be rescheduled for next week. The first swim will still be a free event, sponsored by Cambrian- Despres Pacey Insurance."
Canada's Home Capital agrees settlement with regulator
TORONTO, June 14 Home Capital Group Inc said on Wednesday it had agreed on a settlement with the Ontario Securities Commission and accepted responsibiity for misleading investors about problems with its mortgage underwriting procedures.
REGIONAL Queenslanders could see their power bills drop by about $20 this coming financial year under a new determination by the Queensland Competition Authority.
But they will also receive less back from solar with the QCA setting the mandatory feed-in tariff for regional customers in 2018–19 at 9.369 cents per kilowatt hour, down from last year's feed-in tariff of 10.102 c/kWh.
That does not affect those locked into the 44 cent tariff, however.
QCA chair Roy Green released the body's final determinations on both regional power prices and the solar feed-in tariff this morning.
“Annual bills will decrease by 1.3 per cent for a typical customer on the main residential tariff (tariff 11) and 3.4 per cent for a typical customer on the main small business tariff (tariff 20),” Professor Green said in a statement.
“The exception is a small increase (0.6 per cent) for typical residential customers on a combination of tariff 11 and controlled load tariff 31.
“The annual bill for a typical customer on the main residential tariff will decrease by $20 from $1542 to $1522.
“For the typical customer on the main small business tariff, the annual bill will decrease by $86 from $2568 to $2482.”
Professor Green attributed the decreased bills to a decline in network costs and the cost of wholesale energy.
“However, the network and wholesale energy cost decreases have been partially offset by higher costs associated with the Renewable Energy Target (RET),” he said.
Get Daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe See our privacy notice Thank you for subscribing! Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
While England fans dream of football coming home, Gloucester City's much-deprived fans are still clinging to hope - and no small amount of frustration - of their own.
Tuesday marked 4,000 days since The Tigers were forced out of Meadow Park when 8ft of water submerged the ground in 2007.
That summer brought floods and devastation to the area, but for Gloucester's T-Enders the loss is still keenly felt.
For more than 10 years Gloucester City FC have had to share grounds with other clubs in the county while the stands at Meadow Park have been quiet, empty and derelict.
In 2016 the club was given full planning permission to expand their ground to a 4,000-seater stadium. Work started, then a big snag in the shape of a phone mast in the middle of the pitch got in the way.
Now there could be a new hope.
Your complete guide to 2018/19 pre-season football in Gloucestershire (& Evesham)
After a decade of waiting, the management of the club say that “it is the priority of all involved at the club” that Gloucester City return next year.
But while this has been a promise made for the past decade could it really be happening this time?
A club spokesman described the 4,000-day mark as “a massively unwanted milestone for the club to have achieved”.
(Image: Eloisa Wildsmith Photography)
It has been years since civic chiefs gave the go-ahead for a new football ground and to move the pitch, but there has always been one thing in the way – a phone mast.
After months of quiet, it was announced last week that the electricity to the mast has been disconnected.
A club spokesman said: “Over the years, the club has had to navigate and surpass an incredible amount of obstacles with the removal of the telecoms mast being the final delay.
“The management board members tasked with the rebuilding of Meadow Park, have spent a considerable amount of time unpicking the complexity of the situation while also highlighting to the utilities companies involved, the urgency for the mast to be removed as soon as possible for us to progress with our plans to rebuild our stadium.”
They added: “The 2007 floods are still fresh in the minds for many in the city but none more so than the incredible supporters of Gloucester City AFC who have travelled thousands of miles home and away over the years up and down the country, to support their Club when it needed it the most.
“With the vast redevelopment being carried out throughout Gloucester and the LEP's 2050 vision for Gloucestershire, now more than ever, the City needs its football club back and it is the priority of all involved at the Club to bring Gloucester City Football Club home next year.”
The Tigers have played home games at Cheltenham Town's Whaddon Road, after spending three seasons sharing at Cirencester Town's Corinium Stadium and Forest Green Rovers' New Lawn stadium in Nailsworth.
Last season, the club left the county altogether and played at Evesham United.
THE BUDGET debate that kicked off in the legislature on Monday will like always veer off subject, but more so this time as presidential elections are just a few weeks away and every deputy will try to score points for his or her candidate. This is to be expected, especially as the budget debate has traditionally been an excuse for speeches unrelated to the budget. In past years, the main topic was usually the Cyprus problem, deputies not even bothering to link their speech to the economy or the budget.
Inevitably, the Cyprus problem featured in all the speeches of the party leaders, but in fairness, most of Monday's contributions were devoted to economic matters. Unfortunately, the debate on economic matters is very basic, invariably focusing on how much money the government will be spending. Opposition parties invariably claim that state expenditure is too low while the representatives of the government try to prove that spending is generous by listing all the projects that are in the pipeline and the increases in spending in different sectors of the economy.
With elections around the corner, even Disy had to send mixed signals. While commending President Anastasiades for rescuing the economy from the brink and putting it back on the path to growth and citing figures that backed his argument, Disy leader Averof Neophytou could not resist the temptation to surmise that the drastic improvement of public finances allowed increased state spending, as if this is a good thing in itself. Then again, he had to justify the mindless spending spree Anastasiades has been guilty of in the last few months.
All the opposition leaders argued that the government was not spending enough, on social welfare and development, which would allegedly reduce unemployment and help growth. Our politicians have always believed very simplistically that economic growth is state driven and therefore the exclusive responsibility of the government. Unfortunately, they cannot even have this discussion during the budget debate, because even Disy, the only party with moderately liberal economic views, refuses to challenge the sacrosanct idea of the big interventionist state.
How can they have such a debate when this could alienate the thousands of public employees that enjoy a prosperous life working for the state? It is even less likely they would talk about the public sector payroll, which remains perilously high at €2.62 billion. It might take a few years to become unaffordable again but it is heading in that direction because the Anastasiades government failed to use the crisis to drastically reduce it. The measures taken were temporary and we are gradually returning to the old ways of doing things, but not a single deputy or leader dared to mention this. Matters that might alienate voters never come up in the budget debate.
Posted by admin on January 2, 2017
Leave a Reply
You must be logged in to post a comment.
HEB issued a voluntary recall on some of their sweet treats Wednesday after broken metal was found in the processing equipment for the products during routine maintenance.
Certain flavors and container sizes of EconoMax and Hill County Fare ice creams, as well as Creamy Creations sherbets, are being recalled from all stores in Texas and Mexico. All products have been removed and HEB hopes to get them back on the shelves as soon as possible.
You can find more information on which products have been recalled below:
© 2018 KIII
Need to catch up? Check out the previous This Is Us recap here.
Grab that heart-shaped box of chocolates and prepare to feed your feelings, because the Valentine's Day episode of This Is Us is an emotional eater's feast.
An overwhelmed Randall is not, as some of you posited last week, exhibiting the early symptoms of multiple sclerosis. He is, however, getting crushed by an increasingly competitive workplace and the certainty that his biological father's death is rapidly approaching.
By the end of the episode, poor Randall is so overcome that he's rendered immobile, crying on his office floor until a member of the family drops everything — on a very important night — to be with him.
Elsewhere in the episode, Jack and Rebecca have a big fight on V-Day, and Kate is kicked out of fat camp. Read on for the highlights of “Jack Pearson's Son.”
RELATEDNAACP Image Awards: This Is Us, black-ish, Queen Sugar Among Winners
TOUR TRAUMA | On a Valentine's Day in the past, Rebecca is prepping for leaving on tour and worrying that Jack and the kids will suffer in her absence. And when they learn that Kevin and Sophie are having sex, and that Randall is having a panic attack about a school assignment, she nearly backs out of the tour. Jack reassures her that they'll all be fine, but it's clear that he's not psyched about his wife taking off for multiple weeks.
At her gig that night, Jack doesn't like the flirty, onstage vibe Rebecca has with bandleader Ben. And when Ben, in casual conversation, drops that he and Rebecca used to date, Jack is livid: He didn't know. So Jack cancels their dinner plans and gives her the silent treatment until they get home, where he confronts her. Rebecca counters that she was with Ben “for two months when I was 19” and that she didn't tell him because “you get crazy and jealous, and I didn't want you sitting at home, spinning out about something that didn't mean anything.”
Still angry, Jack says he doesn't want her going on tour and admits that he only acted supportive because “I was trying to be a good guy.” Rebecca's like, oh, the gloves are off now? OK. “I needed to having something for myself, without you getting in the way,” she counters. Jack sadly replies that he never thought of himself as being in her way, then he leaves to have a sad bacon cheeseburger (their planned meal) by himself. And when his drink comes, it's troubling — given his past — how much the liquor seems to comfort him.
RELATEDThis Is Us Finale Delayed (By Trump)
PUMP THE BRAKES | Like Duke predicted, Kate goes to his cabin… to tell him that she's nothing like him: “Do I have issues? Yes. But deep down, I'm awesome.” Atta girl! Unfortunately, we learn that the reason he's allowed to stay on staff despite his extreme d-baggery is that his parents own the retreat center. And after her tirade, Kate is out.
So she shows up at Toby's hotel room, and he's less than excited to see her. After she apologizes and they make nice, they realize that they're engaged, yet the know very little about each other. So he proposes a “Toby and Kate deep dive” in which they ask and answer questions about each other. Information gleaned during this exercise: They're both dog people, he wants kids (and, given her pleased reaction to him saying so, I'm assuming she does, too), and he's struggled with depression since high school.
But when Toby presses Kate for details about her dad's death, she wants to tell him… but she just can't. “I'm just not quite there yet. I mean, it's been blocked for a really long time,” she says tearfully. So they leave it that she'll share more when she feels comfortable, but they also later decide — well, Toby decides and Kate agrees — that they should put off the wedding a while as they're getting to know each other better. “I think that the woman that I marry should be able to talk to me about anything,” he explains, and while I agree with the sentiment, something about the way he says “the woman that I marry” and not “you” doesn't sit right with me.
RELATEDTVLine Items: Fosters Star Joins This Is Us and More
LET'S HOPE THERE'S AN UNDERSTUDY | On the morning of his opening night in The Back of an Egg, Kevin has a nightmare that Katie Couric calls him a hack during an interview. He wakes up when Sophie calls to say that she's sorry she can't come to the performance because of work. During the conversation, they agree that they're “cautiously dating,” and they both seem really happy about it. She tells him to break a leg.
Kevin then spends all day whipping himself into a nervous frenzy, which doesn't get any better when Sloane informs him that the New York Times theater critic will be in the crowd. A quick stop at Randall's office doesn't help, either, and Kev eventually finds himself on his mom's doorstep.
Rebecca isn't home, so Miguel invites his stepson in for a cup of coffee and a minor freakout. Their awkward conversation eases a little when Miguel calms Kev's nerves by reminding him that Jack was always the calm guy everyone wanted around in a crisis, and “sometimes you remind me so much of him that the hair on my arms stands up.” He adds that's why it hurts so much that Kevin doesn't like him. But anyway, “You are Jack Pearson's son.”
And that's what sticks in Kevin's head when Randall calls him right before the show to say that he's not going to make it. Randall sounds so odd, so unlike himself, that Kevin decides he needs to be like Jack and go make sure everything is OK. Admirable, right? Unfortunately, Kevin has this epiphany literally as he is about to walk on stage to start the play. The lights come up, Sloane says her first line, and… there's no one there to answer her. In the audience, Rebecca, Miguel, Toby and Kate are confused.
RELATEDAmerican Idol Revival Eyed at… NBC!
RANDALL AT ROCK BOTTOM | This would be the perfect time to check in with Randall. Oh look! He's falling apart at the seams. He's not sleeping. He's struggling to hold onto his accounts at work. He's snapping at the kids. And when Beth's mother falls and breaks her hip, sending Beth hurrying to her side, William begins the slow-motion car crash that is his day.
At the office, William's prep for a very important call with an even more important account is cut short when the meeting time is moved up. Then William locks his hospice nurse out of the house, necessitating a trip home so Randall can beg his father to cooperate with the hired help. William apologizes, lamenting that his body is failing him and he doesn't know how much longer he'll be able to hold on this way.
So by the time Randall speeds back to work for the call, he's got nothing in the tank. He completely freezes up at the meeting. Sanjay has to step in and literally speak for him as Randall hastily wipes tears off his face. Randall spends the rest of the night crying in his office, and that's where Kevin finds him, slumped against the wall. Though a flashback shows us a time in the siblings' adolescence when Kev ignored his brother's panicked pain, in the present, he sits down next to Randall and pulls him into an embrace as Randall cries even harder.
Now it's your turn. What did you think of the episode? Sounds off in the comments!
WASHINGTON U.S. President Donald Trump spoke in separate phone calls on Monday with British Prime Minister Theresa May and German Chancellor Angela Merkel about the U.S. air strike in Syria last week, the White House said in a statement.
May and Merkel expressed support for the U.S. action and agreed with Trump "on the importance of holding Syrian President Bashar al-Assad accountable" for an alleged sarin gas attack that killed scores of civilians, the statement said.
(Reporting by Eric Beech; Editing by Eric Walsh)
The DTM Series returns to action this weekend for the third round of the championship at the Hungaroring.
It is the first of five races to not take place inside Germany.
BMW's Timo Glock sits on top of the championship standings by one point over Mercedes' Gary Paffett.
Pascal Wehrlein is third in the standings, 32 points off of Paffett in second.
Audi will be wanting to get their campaign underway after difficult weekends in Hockenheim and at the Lausitzring.
Reigning champion René Rast will be back on the grid after his serious accident at the Lausitzring two weeks ago.
Audi Sport Team Rosberg last Wednesday was able to start reassembling the Audi RS 5 DTM based on the previous monocoque and prepare it for the races at the Hungaroring. Following a subsequent brief functional check at Audi in Neuburg, the car will be transported to Hungary.
This is the second time this year the DTM has been to Budapest, after it featured in the GREAT RUN at the start of the month.
What Happened Last Time at Lausitzring?
Last time out at the Lausitzring saw one of the most chaotic races in the DTM.
On Saturday, four of the Audis were wiped out of the race before the action had gotten going.
Jamie Green and Nico Müller were eliminated after they crashed on the starting grid. Müller had not been able to pull away from the grid, Green behind had nowhere to go and ran straight into the rear of his team-mate – bringing their races to an end before it had started.
This prompted a safety car period to allow for the track to be cleared of debris and the damaged Audis.
After fifteen minutes, action resumed but not for long.
Barely half a lap later Rast suffered a massive crash after contact with Loïc Duval which saw the former flip over a number of times and his car ripped apart.
Due to the level of damage sustained, a red flag period was necessitated with racing getting back underway with just under twenty minutes remaining on the clock.
This meant it was a sprint to the finish with the field so close together with so little time left in the race and all drivers needing to take their mandatory pitstops.
Edoardo Mortara made the decision to try and leave his stop as late as possible, this worked for the Italian who put in a stunning set of laps to get himself up to second place before using DRS to pass Philipp Eng for first.
This was Mortara's first win since the 2016 season finale at Hockenheim when he was still an Audi driver.
Mortara was joined on the podium by Glock and Eng.
Sunday's race ended with Paffett taking his second victory of the year in a far tamer race.
Rast was not deemed fit to race by doctors following his heavy shunt on Saturday meaning Audi were down to five competitors making their already difficult start to the season that bit harder.
Eng started on pole position for the first time in his DTM career, with Wehrlein starting in second place.
Paffett starting from third, took advantage of Wehrlein being run wide by Eng as he attempted an overtaken on the Austrian.
Just a few laps later, Paffett had gotten the move done on Eng and was escaping out front.
Eng soon found himself being displaced by Wehrlein and Marco Wittmann.
As the pitstops played out, and largely thanks to Mercedes producing pitstops lower than par, Wittmann found himself ahead of Wehrlein and set about hunting down Paffett ahead.
It was to no avail and Paffett sealed his second victory of the season to restore the gap to Glock in the championship to just one point.
The race ended in disappointment for Eng who could only manage seventh from pole.
A clear indication of what one achieves in the opening race cannot be guaranteed in the second Saturday race winner Mortara ended eleventh after a series of penalties.
What Happened at the Hungaroring in 2017?
Paul di Resta won the opening race at the Hungaroring last year, who had started from thirteenth place on the grid.
“It's great that another weekend is coming up very fast. It was a relatively successful weekend for myself at Lausitzring and certainly good for the team,” said di Resta. “The championship is really coming alive now. Last year, I had a great weekend in Budapest where I won a race. I'm hoping for good things, so let's see how the weekend turns out.”
The Briton was accompanied on the podium by BMW's Glock and Bruno Spengler; the trio having all carried out a risky strategy by pitting very early in the race.
Sunday belonged to eventual series champion Rast, who having claimed pole on the Saturday put in a repeat performance on the Sunday.
Making a strong start from pole position Rast built a lead out front before taking his mandatory pitstop on lap 11. Re-emerging on track behind team-mate Mattias Ekström, fresh rubber helped the German to get ahead and go on to take his maiden victory.
The results from the weekend put Rast on top of the championship standings.
You can read the full race reports of what happened last year here: Race 1 | Race 2
What is the Schedule?
Friday 1 June
Free Practice 1 – 16.05 CEST
Saturday 2 June
Free Practice 2 – 08.35
Qualifying 1 – 11.20
Race 1 – 13.30
Sunday 3 June
Free Practice 3 – 8.30
Qualifying 2 – 11.20
Race 2 – 13.30
Where Can I Watch the DTM Action at the Hungaroring?
Fans in the UK are able to watch all sessions live on the DTM Youtube page – remember to select the English streams. It is also streamed live on FaceBook but is with German commentary only.
It is also aired on the FreeSports, but contains adverts.
How Can I Keep Up with the Action?
The action from every session as well as any breaking news will be shared here on TCF!
WASHINGTON In revamping the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), the Trump administration will seek tax equality and the ability to reimpose tariffs if a flood of imports from Canada and Mexico causes "a threat of serious injury" to U.S. industry, a draft of negotiating objectives shows.
The administration also will seek to eliminate a requirement in the 23-year-old trade deal that anti-dumping and anti-subsidy disputes be settled via a special dispute panel. Some U.S. industries including lumber have complained that the mechanism is ineffective in stopping unfair subsidies.
The objectives are contained in a draft notification letter circulated by the U.S. Trade Representative's office to members of Congress for review. The letter, seen by Reuters, is part of the legal process required to start negotiations to revamp the NAFTA.
President Donald Trump called NAFTA a "disaster" throughout the 2016 election campaign, but the plan outlined in the letter would keep many of its provisions in place, including a settlement system for other disputes that circumvents local courts.
"The persistent U.S. deficit in goods trade with Canada and Mexico demands that this administration take swift action to revise the relationship to reflect and respond to new 21st century challenges," Acting USTR Stephen Vaughn said in the letter, which is subject to revisions before it is finalized.
The draft negotiating objectives will "seek to level the playing field on tax treatment," a broad statement that Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross told CNBC would be aimed at solving the problem of many countries exempting exports from value-added taxes, while the United States has been unable to offer such credits.
"We will be using NAFTA as a partial means of addressing that," he said.
Both Canada and Mexico have value-added taxes, while the Trump administration is considering a border adjustment tax levied on imports.
Another draft objective says the administration wants “to establish rules that require government procurement to be conducted in a manner that is consistent with U.S. law and the administration's policy on domestic procurement preferences,”
This could allow for Trump's "Buy American" plan, but also cause U.S. companies to lose business in Mexico and Canada.
The document also calls for protections of digital trade and commerce, tougher intellectual property enforcement and requirements that state-owned companies operate in a commercial fashion.
After revisions to the document, Ross said he hopes next week to trigger a 90 day consultation period leading to NAFTA talks.
(Reporting by David Lawder and Eric Walsh; editing by Jonathan Oatis and Grant McCool)
In the last couple of years, companies like Uber, Waymo, and GM's Cruise have been testing more and more self-driving vehicles on public roads. Yet important details about those tests have been kept secret.
Two Democratic senators are determined to change that. Last Friday, they sent out letters to 26 car and technology companies seeking details about their testing activities—part of a broader investigation into the safety of driverless vehicles.
"In March, a pedestrian in Tempe, Arizona, was tragically struck and killed by a vehicle operating under autonomous technology," wrote Sen. Ed Markey (D-Mass.) and Sen. Richard Blumenthal (D-Conn.) in their letter to Uber. "The latest fatality has raised many questions about the processes companies have in place to guard public safety when testing this type of technology on public roads."
The senators then posed a series of questions that, if answered fully, would give the public much greater understanding of the driverless car testing process in the United States:
The senators requested details on where and when the vehicles were being tested—and how Uber determined that they were safe enough to test on public roads.
They sought details on how safety drivers are hired, trained, and supervised—and why Uber recently switched from having two people in each test car to a single safety driver.
They asked if Uber limits the hours of drivers to ensure they will remain alert behind the wheel.
The senators asked for details about "disengagements"—incidents where a driver had to take over control for safety or other reasons.
They asked about "concerns raised by employees about your company's safety protocols"—and how the company has addressed those concerns.
The senators haven't published copies of their letters to other car companies, but their press release suggests that those companies received similar questions. Other companies getting letters include Waymo, GM (whose Cruise subsidiary is a leading autonomous vehicle developer), Intel (whose subsidiary, Mobileye, is a leading provider of driver-assistance technology), Ford, Tesla, Nvidia, and a bunch of other car and technology companies.
Companies say they are working on responses.
"Safety remains our top priority as we test our self-driving technology and we will continue to engage lawmakers as we work toward safely launching a commercial service in 2019," a Cruise spokesperson told Ars.
Waymo told Ars that it was reviewing the letter, while Uber said it had received their letter and was planning to respond.
The Trump administration hasn't made transparency a priority
Some of the information requested in the letters has already been disclosed to officials in California, a state that regulates self-driving cars more rigorously than most. Car companies must already inform California authorities about the number of safety-related disengagements that have occurred in the state. And a number of companies have provided California regulators with details about their safety driver testing plans—information that was published by the Financial Times earlier this month.
But to a large extent, California's transparency requirements only apply to testing in California. We know very little about testing activities in other states—including in Arizona, the site of the fatal Uber crash and where Waymo has done extensive testing in preparation for launching a commercial service in the Phoenix area later this year. Markey and Blumenthal are seeking to bring some transparency to testing programs nationwide.
The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration has broad authority to seek this kind of information from companies in the car business. But under the Trump administration, NHTSA has taken a hands-off approach. Companies have been free to test self-driving cars on public roads without significant federal oversight.
NHTSA's primary transparency effort has been to ask companies to voluntarily submit "safety reports" detailing the safety features of their vehicles and how this vehicle deal with a number of safety issues.
But as far as we know, only two companies—Waymo and Cruise—have submitted safety reports to NHTSA. And while these reports do provide a significant amount of information about their testing programs, they are fundamentally marketing documents. Unsurprisingly, for example, they don't include information about "concerns raised by employees about your company's safety protocols." By explicitly asking for this kind of information, the senators could help bring to light potential problems with companies' testing programs—and perhaps help prevent another avoidable deadly crash.
The question now is how comprehensive the companies' responses will be. Companies may resist providing full details, arguing that the information is confidential (we asked Waymo, Uber, and Cruise about this but all declined to comment).
And if they do resist, Markey and Blumenthal may or may not have the clout to force the issue. Both sit on the Senate Commerce Committee, which has jurisdiction over transportation issues. However, both are Democrats, which means that—at least until November—they are in the minority. They would likely need help from the Republican majority to force the issue and compel companies to provide more thorough responses.
Still, picking a fight over this issue might not be a good look for any of these companies. And companies with relatively stronger safety records might see the requests as an opportunity to burnish their safety credentials and shame their competitors into revealing more.
Speech to Text for Ribbon cut on new Children's Museum exhibit
Below is the closed-captioning text associated with this video.
encourages problem-solving. "brain teasers 2" opened today with a special ribbon cutting. the exhibit offers 20 brain-twisters for puzzle- lovers of all ages! it highlights the importance of creative-thinking. you can check out the exhibit for yourself through May 6th. we've linked you to museum admission information on our website.. that's w-t-h-i t-v dot com. a new gas station and convenience store in a
Fast food jobs pay some of the lowest wages in the country, giving workers little reason to stick around if they get a better offer and proving costly to employers who need to find people to replace them.
In California, one Chick-fil-A franchisee says he's trying to break the cycle.
Eric Mason, who for the last three years has owned a Chick-fil-A off the highway near the Sacramento airport, says that next week he'll start hiring “hospitality professionals” starting at $17 an hour, up from the $12 to $13 an hour he pays now.
“When we go to the living wage, we're looking for people who are trying to raise families, improve their lifestyle,” he told ABC10 News on May 26. “Maybe they could just work one job, and then it's sustainable. What that does for the business is provided consistency, someone that has relationships with our guests. It's going to be building a long-term culture.”
Mason's marketing manager Marena Weisman confirmed to CNNMoney that the franchise would be hiring between 35 and 45 people at the new rate, for work in both the front and the back of the house, and that all current employees are encouraged to apply for the positions.
According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, fast food cooks in the Sacramento area make an average of $11.42 an hour, about a dollar higher than the national level.
Even though California's minimum wage is currently $11 an hour, and will rise steadily to $15 by 2022, Mason's $5 jump is unusual.
“All responsible employers are preparing for the impact of the increasing minimum wage, but they are usually doing it over time and planning for it,” says Carey Klosterman, director of research and compensation services at the California Employers Association.
One reason why: Even employees making just a little bit more than the minimum wage tend to expect raises too. So if employers raise wages too quickly, it can get expensive.
“While increasing the wage to this level at a fast food restaurant is commendable, I don't foresee that many businesses will likely be following in their footsteps,” Klosterman says.
Such big hikes in wages are also especially rare in franchised industries, where the headquarters often charges steep royalties and controls many aspects of the operation — including prices and promotions. That can make life difficult for franchisees in areas with higher fixed costs like wages.
“If you're in a territory where labor is much higher than the rest of the country, you could be underwater,” says Peter Lagarias, an attorney for franchisees based in San Rafael, California. “When these kinds of pressures all build up, you can understand that franchisees are hurting.”
Lagarias hasn't seen the franchise agreement for Chick-fil-A, which is relatively new to California, so it's not clear whether an owner-operator could pass along increased labor costs by charging higher prices. Chick-fil-A is unusual in that each owner is limited to one store apiece, which keeps them more involved in day-to-day operations.
A spokeswoman from Chick-fil-A's corporate office said only that local operators make their own hiring and wage decisions.
However, Mason's strategy could pay off in the long run.
Research has shown that raising wages can reduce turnover, which in the restaurant industry can be as high as 100% per year. Each time a worker leaves, it costs the restaurant owner money because they then have to fill the shift with someone else.
Mason is also correct to point out that many low-wage workers have to hold down multiple jobs at a time in order to survive, and that full-time work at a livable wage is something many would try hard to keep.
“The reason people leave low wage jobs is that they're trying to find something just a little bit better,” says Sylvia Allegretto, a labor economist at the University of California, Berkeley.
At $17 an hour, Mason's “hospitality professional” positions could be practically immune from turnover.
“You're going to try very hard to get that job, and you're going to be a very good, diligent productive worker,” Allegretto says. “Because if you lose that job, your next job will be back down close to the minimum wage.”
That may position Mason's store to succeed in what's rapidly become a job seekers' market. Sacramento's unemployment rate tracks the national average, which is currently 3.9%. That's the lowest rate it's been since 2000 and it's expected to keep dropping through 2018.
A $17 wage would also allow Mason to be picky with the people he hires, and according to a job description, those expectations are high.
A successful applicant, it reads, “must love to smile & connect with people, make eye contact & speak enthusiastically” and “makes working hard and delivering high standards look easy and effortless, enabling others to be efficient and effortless as well.”
CHILD rapist Martin James Cooper, who was jailed for 20 years for sexually abusing eight vulnerable children when he ran a home for wards of the State, has launched an appeal against his sentence.
Cooper, 66, repeatedly sexually and physically attacked four boys and four girls when they were in his care at Warminda Hostel in East Victoria Park between 1978 and 1983.
He was found guilty of 30 sex crimes after a four-week District Court trial, including the rapes of three girls aged between 11 and 16.
In an appeal notice lodged in the WA Court of Appeal last week, Cooper's lawyer Felicity Cain said it would be argued that the two-decade sentence handed down by Judge Mark Herron last month “infringed both limbs of the totality principle”. The principle requires a judge to impose a sentence proportionate to the overall criminality in a case and not crushing for the offender.
When sentencing Cooper, Judge Herron said he had formed the view that Cooper's crimes were so serious that he “forfeited the right to any reasonable expectation of useful life after release from prison”.
Cooper has not lodged an appeal against his conviction.
Among Cooper's horrific crimes was the violent rape of 13-year-old Ann Peterson in a dark storage cupboard known among the children as the “lock-up room”, where she was also sent for punishment.
Another victim was 12 years old when Cooper took her out in his car and promised to give two boys beer if they molested her, then proceeded to rape her on the back seat as they watched.
Cooper forced one boy to give him oral sex after the boy told him that he was being picked on. Cooper told him that if he did not comply he would allow the bullying to continue. Judge Herron described Cooper's offending as “premeditated, persistent and terrifying”, saying he offended against the children to satisfy his own “sexual and sadistic perversions”.
He said each of the children came from disadvantaged backgrounds and that Cooper took advantage of their vulnerability, threatening and intimidating them into silence, telling them that they would not be believed if they reported the allegations.
“The children ought to have felt safe when they were at Warminda,” Judge Herron said. “Instead, their time must have been a traumatic and terrifying ordeal.”
Lawyer David McKenzie, who represented Cooper at his trial and sentencing hearing, said given Cooper's age and ill-health, there was a “possibility that he might not make it out of custody”.
Cooper will be 84 years old when he is first eligible for parole in 2036.
UK to step up support for start-ups, infrastructure ahead of EU exit
LONDON, June 15 The British government will step up the level of financial support it provides to everything from small start-ups to major infrastructure projects in a bid to help the economy as the country leaves the European Union.
None of the four ended up on the jury but a majority of the jurors selected had been involved or knew someone who had been involved in a serious accident, the court documents say. Because those jurors had not disclosed potential bias for one side or the other, none was questioned individually on that subject, the documents say.
"There is no market that hasn't had a strong reception," said Duncan Clark, Universal's president of international distribution. "Whatever culture, whatever language, whatever country, we seem to have found a home."
The China opening alone brought in a record $190 million followed by $17.8 million from Mexico and $17 million from the U.K. and Ireland.
An estimated $100.2 million of the global total comes from 4,310 North American theaters — a second best for the franchise and enough to easily top the domestic charts, but well below the $147.2 million opening of "Furious 7" in 2015.
"Furious 7" had a groundswell of additional interest due to the death of actor Paul Walker, who played cop turned street racer Brian O'Conner, a lead character in six of the films. He died in a car crash while the film was still in production.
For the studio, "Fast 8" stands on its own as being "an extraordinary result."
"Each one of these films has its own momentum," said Nick Carpou, Universal's president of domestic distribution. "There are factors from one film to the next that make them unique and certainly there were unique factors with 'Furious 7.'"
"The Fate of the Furious" has many of the returning stars like Vin Diesel, Dwayne Johnson, Michelle Rodriguez, Tyrese and Ludacris, but has added some new elements behind the camera in director F. Gary Gray and in front of the camera with Charlize Theron.
The $100.2 million is slightly below analyst expectations for the film. Audiences were 58 percent male, 50 percent under the age of 25 and diverse (41 percent were Caucasian, 26 percent Hispanic and 19 percent African American).
The studio has not released an official production budget, but it is reported to be in the pricey $250 million range. However, an A Cinema Score from exit polls suggest that it will have sufficient staying power.
The "Fast and the Furious" is a global juggernaut for Universal Pictures, which plans two additional pictures. With the addition of "Fast 8," the franchise has earned an estimated $4.4 billion globally.
"It is a franchise that has adapted and changed over the years and is as relevant in 2017 as it was in 2001," noted Paul Dergarabedian, the senior media analyst for comScore. "The 'Furious' franchise perfectly represents what that global audience is all about. They're poised perfectly for installments 9 and 10 to do very well. It's still firing on all cylinders."
The rest of the chart looked sleepy in comparison to the fresh fuel of "The Fate of the Furious." "The Boss Baby" took second with $15.5 million, while "Beauty and the Beast" held on to third place with $13.6 million.
"Beauty and the Beast" crossed the $1 billion mark worldwide this weekend. Rounding out the top five were "Smurfs: The Lost Village" with $6.5 million and "Going in Style" with $6.4 million.
The summer movie season really kicks into high gear in a few weeks when "Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2" goes into orbit on May 5.
Love yoga and baseball? Want a chance to do yoga in the outfield? This is perfect for you as the Bowie Baysox will host Yoga In the Outfield on Sunday, June 3 at 12:00 p.m. prior to the team's game vs. the Trenton Thunder (AA New York Yankees) at 1:35 p.m.
Enjoy the lush green grass of the Baysox Field and Yoga in the Outfield is for all experience levels as Sport Fit Bowie takes yogis through their workout. The class will be led by a professional Yoga instructor from Sport Fit Bowie.
Each participant will need to bring their own yoga mat.
Packages start at just $20 and include one box seat ticket (100 level seats), early admission to the ballpark at 11:30 a.m. for the Yoga class event, on-field access for the yoga class as well as bottled water.
Tickets for Yoga in the Outfield are currently available at BaysoxShop.com or by contacting Chris Rogers at 301-464-4813 or [email protected].
When purchasing tickets for this special event, you will also have the option to purchase extra tickets for family & friends who don't want to participate in the Yoga Event but who want to attend the game starting at $15.
The Bowie Baysox 2018 season is presented by Money One Federal Credit Union. Baysox single game tickets are available online at baysox.com, via phone at 301-464-4865 or in person at the stadium ticket office. The Baysox ticket office is open Monday through Friday from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. on non-game days, until the top of the 7th inning on non-fireworks game days and at the end of the fireworks show on fireworks game days.
To keep up with Baysox news, visit baysox.com and be sure to follow the Baysox on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram or register for the all new Baysox Text Insider Club for free by texting the keyword BAYSOX to 50700.
Related
Category: Events, LIFE IN THE AREA, Local News, NEWS, Post To FB, Sports
Ryan Mayer
It's been a whirlwind 24 hours for Roseanne Barr, whose hit show “Roseanne” was cancelled yesterday by ABC after the star's racist tweet that was directed at Valerie Jarrett, a former aide of President Barack Obama.
Barr has since blamed her behavior on the sleep aid Ambien. The revelation came in a storm of tweets from Barr early Wednesday morning, which included responses to “Roseanne” cast members who tweeted out statements of their own after the cancelation. First, Michael Fishman, who played D.J. Connor on the show, tweeted that Tuesday's chain of events made the day among the hardest in his life.
“I feel devastated, not for the end of the Roseanne show, but for all those who poured their hearts and souls into our jobs, and the audience that welcomed us into their homes. Our cast, crew, writers, and production staff strived for inclusiveness, with numerous storylines designed to reflect inclusiveness. The words of one person do not exemplify the thinking of all involved,” he wrote. “I condemn these statements vehemently. They are reprehensible and intolerable, contradicting my beliefs and outlook on life and society.”
He added: “We must stand up against bias, hatred, bigotry and ignorance to make society a better place for all.”
That prompted Roseanne to accuse Fishman of throwing her under the bus. “I created the platform for that inclusivity and you know it. ME. You throw me under the bus. nice!” she wrote.
i created the platform for that inclusivity and you know https://t.co/hViHPX2ZUb. You throw me under the bus. nice! — Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) May 30, 2018
Minutes later, Barr responded to tweets from, Sara Gilbert, who portrayed Roseanne's daughter, Darlene Connor. Gilbert posted earlier Tuesday, “Roseanne's recent comments about Valerie Jarrett, and so much more, are abhorrent and do not reflect the beliefs of our cast and crew or anyone associated with our show. I am disappointed in her actions to say the least.”
Roseanne's recent comments about Valerie Jarrett, and so much more, are abhorrent and do not reflect the beliefs of our cast and crew or anyone associated with our show. I am disappointed in her actions to say the least. — sara gilbert (@THEsaragilbert) May 29, 2018
This is incredibly sad and difficult for all of us, as we've created a show that we believe in, are proud of, and that audiences love— one that is separate and apart from the opinions and words of one cast member. — sara gilbert (@THEsaragilbert) May 29, 2018
Barr also seemed stunned by Gilbert's admonition, writing, “Wow! unreal.” in response to Gilbert.
Wow! unreal. — Roseanne Barr (@therealroseanne) May 30, 2018
The actress did apologize via her Twitter account for the original tweet that set all of these events in motion yesterday and deleted the racist tweet. Earlier Wednesday, she attempted to explain that, “I'm not a racist, just an idiot who made a bad joke.”
Roseanne is definitely not off Twitter despite her statement yesterday that she was leaving it. And her “Ambien tweeting” line has users describing every odd (non-racist) thing they've done while on the sleep drug. @therealroseanne pic.twitter.com/VAEbSxYYbc — Jennifer Jacobs (@JenniferJJacobs) May 30, 2018
After blaming Ambien for her behavior, the actress later deleted her references to the drug.
Technology is much more than just computers.
Getty Images
So, there I was at Sapphire Now, the annual giant event for the technology company SAP, feeling a bit like a fish out of water.
Now, don't get me wrong; the event was amazing. Interesting speakers, valuable panels, cool products, amazing entertainment (private Justin Timberlake concert, anyone?). And SAP itself is one of those big companies I love because not only do they take great care of their bread-and-butter enterprise clients (with service, products, etc.), but they also create intuitive tools for small businesses, too.
But the fish out of water moment came as I was interviewing one of SAP's customers. He said to me, “Well, we consider a small business to be anything less than 1,000 employees.”
Flippity flop. Gasp for air. Pop my gills. Where's that water?
No one in my small-business universe would consider 1,000 employees “small.”
More: Get out! Seriously, small-biz owner: You've got to take a vacation
But then, thankfully, I met Luis Cupajita, smart and charming senior vice president for IT for King's Hawaiian, and all was right with the world.
You know King's Hawaiian, right? I recall going to a family Thanksgiving dinner a few years back, and my aunt would not start the meal because someone had brought the wrong dinner rolls. King's Hawaiian dinner rolls were the family tradition, and Auntie couldn't start the feast without them. I was dispatched to go find some that Thanksgiving day — and luckily I did. (Whew!)
King's Hawaiian started in 1950 as a small, family-run business in Hilo, Hawaii. It grew slowly at first but recently has grown more quickly due to its great products, “culture of aloha” (respect, dignity, excellence), passionate customers and now, technology.
King's Hawaiian grew bigger, and so can you. Here's how:
As befits a company that began as far west as you can in the U.S., King's Hawaiian first became a favorite of tourists visiting the islands. Due to increased demand, in the 1970s the company started baking and selling in California, slowly heading east. By 2012, East Coast demand had finally begun to outstrip West Coast demand.
According to Cupajita, what enabled King's Hawaiian to grow and become an international brand is technology – the secret sauce.
Specifically, Cupajita employed SAP's Enterprise Resource Planning software, a suite of tools that allows a business to collect, store and manage data. These tools allowed him to create processes that were reliable and repeatable.
“Having the right technology provides a small business with the ability to scale,” Cupajita told me.
More: Small businesses aimed at city folks get help from Urban-X, backed by BMW's Mini
“By not being tech-phobic, by embracing all of the different tech tools that are out there today, especially all of the amazing apps and software being made with small businesses specifically in mind, you can direct your vision to where you are going instead of where you have been.”
For King's Hawaiian, deploying the right software meant initial 27% growth year-over-year, and more than that since.
So many small businesses are like King's Hawaiian used to be – legacy companies with a "This is how we have always done things" mentality. But technology creates so many more options now, better and faster ways of doing things. In the case of King's Hawaiian, by embracing technology, it has been able to bake and ship fresh bread anywhere in the U.S. or the world.
What else could you do if your vision of your Main Street business included adapting and adopting new technological tools? How big could you grow? How would your vision change?
Cupajita said that by embracing new technology options, “you begin the transformation process.”
Technology also “future-proofs” your business. Whether it is moving to the cloud, doing more with less or scaling for growth, the right tech tools create a culture of modernity. “The small-business mindset becomes a bigger, growth-focused mindset,” Cupajita said.
That collaboration and easy implementation are built into today's tech solutions makes everyone happy. Unless, of course, you forget to bring the right rolls to Thanksgiving dinner.
More: HED Cycling's story of tragedy and triumph
More: USA & Main: Welcome to USA TODAY's new storefront for small businesses and entrepreneurs
Today's tip: Speaking of easy, affordable, smart tech solutions for small business, did you know that Dell has a crew of free “Small Business Advisors” who are ready to help you overcome your computer issues and challenges? Well, they do.
I recently spoke with Erik Day, Dell's vice president of small business for North America. Day understands that most small businesses don't have 1,000 employees and don't generally have an IT department. Dell has a plethora of tools available designed to help truly small businesses manage, scale and grow.
"Most small businesses don't want to put a lot of time and money into tech, and that's where and how we can help,” Day said.
It's a great program. Steve says check it out!
Steve Strauss, @Steve Strauss on Twitter, is a lawyer specializing in small business and entrepreneurship and has been writing for USATODAY.com for 20 years. Email: sstrauss@mrallbiz.com. You can learn more about Steve at MrAllBiz.
The views and opinions expressed in this column are the author's and do not necessarily reflect those of USA TODAY.
Copyright 2017 USATODAY.com
Students of all ages are on the move over spring break. While many parents and grandparents worry about the kids, scammers might use this time as an opportunity to pull the so-called "grandparent scam".
"This scam tends to pop-up in the spring, when students travel away from home, and family members tend to worry about their general safety," said Michelle Corey, Better Business Bureau St. Louis president and CEO. "Scammers will call family members and pretend to be a child, grandchild or a friend of the child who has run into a difficult situation while traveling. The scammer may claim to have been arrested, mugged or hospitalized and make urgent pleas for money."
According to the Better Business Bureau, receiving a frantic phone call may scare people into letting their guard down, but the non-profit encourages everyone to make sure they know signs of this scam. If you get such a call, resist any request to send money immediately. Ask for a phone number to contact the person back, then check with other relatives to determine the whereabouts of the person who is allegedly stranded. A request for you to send money by Western Union, MoneyGram or a prepaid card like Green Dot MoneyPak is often a scam. Here are some BBB tips to avoid the grandparent scam:
• Know the red flags. Typically, the grandparent receives a frantic phone call from a scammer posing as a grandchild, or a friend of the grandchild. The "grandchild" explains that he or she is in some kind of trouble and needs help. The "grandchild" pleads to the grandparents not to tell his or her parents and asks that they wire thousands of dollars for reasons such as posting bail, repairing a car, covering lawyer's fees or even paying hospital bills.
• Stay calm. Emergency scams count on an emotional reaction. It's important to resist the pressure to act quickly or react to the caller's distress. Tell them you'll call back and ask for a number; then contact your grandchild or another family member to determine whether or not the call is legitimate, and confirm the whereabouts of the grandchild.
• Ask a personal question, but don't disclose too much information. If a caller says "It's me, Grandma!" don't respond with a name, but instead let the caller explain who he or she is. One easy way to confirm their identity is to ask a simple question that the grandchild would know such as what school he or she goes to or their middle name. Your family might consider developing a secret code or password that can be used to verify a true emergency.
• Do not wire money. Wiring money is like giving cash—once you send it, you can't get it back. If you are asked to wire money based on a request made over the phone, especially to locations overseas, consider it a serious red flag. Always make certain of the recipient's identity before using a wire service or pre-paid debit cards.
• File a claim. If you believe you are the victim of a scam between January 1, 2004, and January 19, 2017 and used Western Union's money transfer system, you can now file a claim to get your money back. You have until May 31, 2018 to file the free claim. Learn more about filing a claim here.
• Communicate. Students should share travel plans with family members before leaving the state or country. Parents are encouraged to let extended family members know when their child is traveling.
• Share information. Students should provide cell phone numbers and email addresses of friends they are traveling with in the case of an emergency. Family members should remind students to be cautious when sharing details about travel plans on social media.
• Make a report. To report a scam or learn more about the latest scams trending in your area, go to bbb.org/scamtracker.
• Use due diligence. Consumers may obtain a BBB Business Profile on an individual business at bbb.org or by calling 888-996-3887.
About BBB
STC distributes dividends for First Quarter of 2018 (TASI) Date: 23 Apr 2018 Saudi Telecom distributes SAR 1 cash dividends per share for First Quarter of 2018. Distribution is scheduled to commence effective May 28, 2018.
Artist's rendering of the Site C dam, the third hydro dam on the Peace River that started construction in 2015. (BC Hydro)
Premier John Horgan will make his long-awaited decision on the Site C dam project at 11:30 a.m. Monday.
Furious lobbying from proponents and opponents of the third dam on the Fraser River has continued since The B.C. Utilities Commission released its independent report on the project Nov. 1, ordered by Horgan to fulfil a promise he has repeated many times since becoming NDP leader.
That report confirmed that the project is over its original $8.3 billion budget, up to nearly $10 billion, and behind schedule, but BC Hydro CEO Chris O'Riley told the commission it can still be completed by the original target of 2024.
The BCUC concluded that stopping Site C and remediating the site would cost $4 billion, and B.C. Hydro would then have to embark on other clean energy projects to keep up with demand.
B.C. Green Party leader Andrew Weaver, who supported Site C when it was announced by former premier Gordon Campbell in 2009, has turned into a harsh critic of the dam.
Weaver posted a 2016 video on his Facebook page Sunday, showing now-NDP Energy Minister Michelle Mungall participating in a protest against the dam, an annual event called Paddle for the Peace.
“I would suggest a recall campaign in Nelson-Creston would be in order if Site C is approved on her watch as energy minister,” Weaver wrote, posting a phone number for Mungall's constituency office to lodge protests.
Despite his objections about the cost and questions about power demand, Weaver has said repeatedly he will not withdraw the support of the three-member B.C. Green caucus, which could cause Horgan's NDP government to be defeated and force a new election.
B.C. Liberal leadership candidates have strongly supported completion of Site C, which was driven by former premier Christy Clark in an effort to get the project “past the point of no return” before the 2017 election.
If you have a home and are like most people, you probably aren't too knowledgeable about roofing. However, your roof is an important part of keeping your home safe and secure. This article is going to teach you all that there is to know about repairing a roof. Read on for the information you need in order to get your roofing job done correctly.
Avoid fixing your roof when things are icy, snowing or raining. If the roof is slippery or wet, you may fall, resulting in a potentially major injury or even death. If you want to handle roofing projects on your own, make sure to do the work when the weather is dry.
Don't try to fix any roof when the weather conditions are poor. When your roof is slippery or wet, you might fall and hurt yourself or, in extreme cases, be killed. If you work on the roof on your own, only do it when the weather is dry and sunny.
After a thorough inspection and cleaning of the roof, it is imperative to patch and seal any problem areas. Make sure that the weather report shows nice weather, because sealing materials may take up to two days to completely cure. A sealant or other coating should be applied after the areas are cured.
You want to hire a roofer with several years of experience. You may want to ask your friends or family for suggestions if any of them have had their roofs done. You do not want to end up with a roof which decays quickly.
If you have an appointment with a roofer, but he or she is not coming for a couple of days, have a temporary solution in place. Get some heavy plastic material and nail it up. This isn't the best way to work with leaks, however, it works in a pinch.
When it rains, check your attic for leaks. Not every leak will make it down to your ceilings, so there is no harm in heading upstairs to check out what is going on. If you do this a few times per year, you can stave off massive repair bills for unnoticed problems.
Before spending thousands of dollars on having your roof repairs by a contractor, see if you can do the fixes. While more complicated matters (such as needing your whole roof replaced) require the help of a roofer, you can do simpler issues on your own, like shingle repairs. You can head to the Internet for step-by-step guides on simple fixes.
It is best to hire a contractor who has plenty of experience. This will prove that they are legitimate and can do quality work. If they haven't been in business long, there may be a reason for that.
If a deal seems too good to be true, it probably is. Calling around for different quotes for your roofing job is important to ensure you get the best price. However, if a contractor is offering their services way below the average, ask yourself why. It could very well be a good deal, but it could be a scam as well.
Always read the fine print, and make sure that you fully understand everything before signing any contracts with a roofing contractor. An honest contractor will want you to fully understand the terms and conditions, while being happy to answer any questions for you. If the contractor does not do this, find yourself a new one.
You should take the time to think about how your lawn's landscape affects the integrity of your roof. The biggest issue for roofs tends to be large trees. Old trees can have very old and brittle branches that can lead to a great deal of damage when they come down. To prevent this you should be sure to keep a good eye on the growth of any trees surrounding your home.
It is dangerous to get on a roof. Many roofs are not designed to be easily navigated, so it is important to take safety into consideration. Use shoes with rubber soles so you don't slip. If it's possible for you to wear a harness, do it. Last, but not least, have someone with you.
When you find a roofer to help you with your roofing project, always ask what he needs from you on the day of the repair or replacement. Sme roofing jobs might require you to vacate the house. Other projects MIT be simplified if the roofer can access the inside of the house. By knowing what he needs, you can get the job done quickly.
Many roofing companies will try to target homeowners following a storm. If you are contacted, first research to see if you can find out how big the hail was. Normally, it has to be more than an inch in diameter to really harm your roof. If the hail was smaller than that, you probably do not need repairs.
Before you hire a roofer, ask whether he will be using a subcontractor to complete some of the work. If so, request the same types of documentation as you would for the roofer. Ask for the subcontractor's references, workers' comp insurance and proof of liability coverage. It is not enough for just the roofing company to have these items.
When searching for a roofing company, see if their workers are sub-contractors. If the workers do not work for the company directly, it can create a liability issue. Therefore, prior to signing a contract, it is important to thoroughly research.
With any luck, you now understand just how important roofing is. Having read the article above, your knowledge on the subject has probably expanded greatly. Make sure to use the advice mentioned so that your roof is always in tip-top shape. A happy roof ensures a happy home for you and your family.
The sense of disappointment at Toyota at the end of the opening leg of the 2018 running of Rally de Portugal was palpable. It was hard to escape the impression that Toyota's title ambitions, which had appeared unnervingly unstoppable earlier in the month in Argentina, had been well and truly de-railed by the morning's drama, with both Ott Tanak and Jari-Matti Latvala out of action, the former for the remainder of the rally. Here's how the drama unfolded on the Iberian Peninsula.
2018 Vodafone Rally de Portugal – Friday
Friday is one of those days which will doubtless be remembered fondly long after the dust has settled and the World Rally Championship circus has de-camped, though not by those in Toyota overalls. Yet it all started so promisingly, Ott Tanak leading the charge after an impressive performance on theThursday night super special stage, a blast around Portugal's Rallycross track. The wheels came off of the Estonian's charge just 5km into the opening stage, Viana do Castelo, the lead Toyota clipping a boulder located right on the line, pulled out by Sebastien Ogier's Fiesta mere minutes beforehand.
A sickening crunch and slow down later, and Tanak's Yaris could be found at the side of the stage, out of action thanks to a damaged oil cooler and ensuing spike in oil pressure. He was out on the spot, clearly livid and aware that he'd been robbed of a chance of fighting for victory on a surface he's long gone well on.
Toyota's problems weren't over though, not by a long shot. The very next stage saw disaster befall the Yaris of Latvala, the Finn clipping a harmless looking rock on a sweeping right-hander and coming to a stop foot later, the right-front suspension upright dangling uselessly. He was able to re-start under Superally rules and would go onto finish in twenty-fourth, but questions are now being asked as to Latvala's mindset and the fundamental strength of the Yaris itself.
As the dust settled on the morning's chaos it was clear that a battle was brewing at the front, with the Hyundai of Dani Sordo leading the Citroen of Kris Meeke by just under 5 seconds, with i20 returnee Hayden Paddon in third and Ogier leading Ford's charge in fourth.
It wasn't to last, with Viana do Castelo once again proving a match for the unwary, regardless of their WRC CV or stature; it caught the incumbent drivers' champion out mere hours later, Ogier clipping a bank and getting off line, then sliding wide on ‘ball bearing'gravel and going off the stage at slow speed. The corner in question was tree lined and devoid of spectators, prompting the Frenchman to kill the Fiesta's engine without even trying to extricate it. It was the action of a man out of the rally and out of the reckoning, only too aware that he was all but certain to be toppled from atop the championship table.
Ogier's dramas coincided with a push from Meeke, the Dungannon man the fastest through SS5 to reclaim the lead, albeit temporarily. Caminha was up next though, and it served to deal a blow to Meeke's hopes of victory, the lead Citroen limping through much of the 11km test with a left-rear puncture. Any hope of a fight-back was dashed later in the loop when the C3's front-left tyre delaminated, costing him another 10 seconds and leading to spectacular scenes in the Porto super special.
Ponte de Lima closed Friday's afternoon loop of ‘proper' stages, and while acknowledged as a stern test of both man and machine, it's probably fair to say that no one expected it to have as much of an impact as it did, least of all Paddon! Yet it was here that the Kiwi's WRC return went awry, his i20 crashing heavily and coming to rest on the stage, blocking it. The car was out of action for the remainder of the event, and in any case, Paddon had to be flown to Porto for precautionary hospital checks.
Proving that Rally de Portugal is nothing if not an equal opportunities wrecker of title ambitions, Craig Breen and Dani Sordo also hit trouble on the afternoon loop, the former dropping out of the top three thanks to a puncture, the latter falling foul of a damaged OZ wheel and rapidly failing soft compound Michelins. Andreas Mikkelsen also plummeted down the order, the Norwegian forced to drive several stages without power steering.
2018 Vodafone Rally de Portugal – Saturday
The chaos of the opening leg had served to promote a number of drivers further up the order than the might have expected, with Elfyn Evans in second and Dani Sordo in third. The real winner was Thierry Neuville however, the lead Hyundai driver driving in a measured manner to take control of proceedings. He'd end Saturday with a lead of nearly 40 seconds.
Portugal's mean streak wasn't quite over though,, and the chaos reached its apex on SS12, the first run through Amarante. It was here that Meeke experienced one of the scariest accidents in his long (and incident filled career), the rear of his C3 WRC sliding wide on a high speed left hand sweeper, catapulting the Citroen into the unforgiving Portuguese undergrowth. That both Meeke and Paul Nagle emerged from the battered car unharmed says a great deal about the innate toughness of the new generation of WRC cars, but its mangled roll cage was testament to the ferocity of the incident and the G-forces involved.
As we later found out, Meeke's crash didn't merely buckle his C3's roll-cage, it proved to be the ‘straw which broke the camel's back' in regard to his future Citroen employment prospects. A close battle for the lead, a handful of the fastest stage times, a committed performance and a massive crash; Rally de Portugal 2018 summed up Meeke's last few seasons in a nutshell.
While the top two remained in stasis (and would remain so throughout the remainder of the rally), the battle between Sordo and the third Fiesta of Teemu Suninen was hotting up, particularly after an uncharacteristic spin from the Spaniard on Amarante 2. Sordo then commenced a fightback to reclaim the bottom step of the podium, and while initially successful, a 10 second penalty for clipping a hay bail on the Porto super-special saw him end the day back in fourth, a handful of seconds ahead of Esapekka Lappi in the sole remaining Yaris.
2018 Vodafone Rally de Portugal – Sunday
The final day of the rally couldn't hope to match Friday and Saturday in terms of drama, though it did deliver a fascinating squabble for third between Suninen, Sordo and Lappi. The trio began the day in that order but it didn't remain that way for long, Lappi soon overhauling Sordo for fourth, Suninen stretching his legs to pull away from the battle behind.
The position was passed between the Spaniard and the Finn for the remainder of the rally, Lappi the one left sitting pretty by the end, aided by being the fastest through the Power Stage. Lappi was subsequently given a 10 second penalty for clipping a plastic barrier on SS9 however, which in turn demoted him to fourth once again, behind Sordo.
Then came the Citroen duo, Mads Ostberg leading the way in sixth, Craig Breen in seventh. They thus rounded out a deeply disappointing rally for the French concern, with the C3's newfound gravel pace just about the only positive to take away from Portugal. Indeed, Meeke was effusive in his praise for the car early on Friday, even going so far as to say it was the first time he'd felt truly at home in the C3 since its debut last January. It's just a shame that Portugal might well have been Meeke's final top-flight appearance in Citroen colours.
Through it all Neuville carried serenely onward, managing the gap between Evans as and when the Welshman's pace warranted, well aware that the victory was his to throw away. He didn't, and it was a clearly overjoyed 2017 runner-up who arrived at Porto at the end of Sunday, having taken second place in the Power Stage standing to bag all but one of the points available on the weekend. He now sits atop the championship table with 119 points, 19 ahead of Ogier and 47 ahead of Tanak.
There's no getting away from the fact that this wasn't an expected victory for Neuville, rather it was one borne out of tenacity, pluck and a considerable slice of good fortune. That shouldn't detract from his skill though, and standing atop the podium at the end of three days of brutal competition still involved Neuville putting in a number of scintillating stage times, fending off Elfyn Evans and avoiding Portugal's bigger boulders and car-swallowing thickets, which wasn't something that could be said of either of his closest championship contenders. The ball is now very much in Ott Tanak and Sebastien Ogier's court.
WRC2 – Tidemand triumphs as Portugal takes its toll
Rally Portugal proved to be just as demanding for the WRC2 crews, the R5 class finding it tough going amid the rally's unforgiving rocks, dust, sand and tree-lined banks. That said, it was still the familiar sight of Pontus Tidemand sitting pretty at the end of the event, the Swede's eventual winning margin a stunning 2:06.5. It fell to Łukasz Pieniążekto take second place and make it an Skoda 1-2, the ever improving Citroen C3 R5 of Stephane Lefebvre claiming the third spot.
Other notable finishers included Pierre-Louis Loubet in the Hyundai i20 R5 in fourth, over two minutes ahead of Hiroki Arai in the Mäkinen run Fiesta. Kevin Abbring was forced out the running on Sunday, a mechanical issue forcing the Dutchman from the rally at a late stage.
Tidemand's comfortable win leaves him with a near insurmountable lead in the WRC2 standings, the Swede on 93 points, second placed man Jan Kopecky on 50. Brit Gus Greensmith finished a distant eighth after showing promise in the early stages and so picked up 4 points, increasing his grip on third place in the WRC2 title race.
2018 Vodafone Rally de Portugal – WRC Results
1- Thierry Neuville – Hyundai i20 WRC – 3:49:46.6
2 – Elfyn Evans – Ford Fiesta WRC – 3:50:26.6
3 – Teemu Suninen – Ford Fiesta WRC – 3:50:33.9
4 – Dani Sordo – Hyundai i20 WRC – 3:50:47.5 (0:10)
5 – Esapekka Lappi – Toyota Yaris WRC – 3:50:51.3 (0:10)
6 – Mads Ostberg – Citroen C3 WRC – 3:53:20.1
7 – Craig Breen – Citroen C3 WRC – 3:55:02.6
16 – Andreas Mikkelsen – Hyundai i20 WRC – 4:14:31.0 (1:10)
24 – Jari-Matti Latvala – Toyota Yaris WRC – 4:38:36.9
2018 Vodafone Rally de Portugal – WRC2 Results
1 – Pontus Tidemand – Skoda Fabia R5 – 4:03:57.4
2 – Łukasz Pieniążek – Skoda Fabia R5 – 4:06:03.9
3 – Stéphane Lefebvre – Citroen C3 R5 – 4:06:20.9
4 – Pierre-Louis Loubet – Hyundai i20 R5 – 4:07:07.9
5 – Hiroki Arai – Ford Fiesta R5 – 4:09:29.0 (1.00)
6 – Juuso Nordgren – Skoda Fabia R5 – 4:09:38.5
7 – Benito Guerra Jr – Skoda Fabia R5 – 4:13:01.9
8 – Gus Greensmith – Ford Fiesta R5 – 4:16:02.0 (0:30)
9 – Nils Solans – Ford Fiesta R5 – 4:17:11.1
10 – Pedro Heller – Ford Fiesta R5 – 4:18:43.0
GIS – THE EASTERN CARIBBEAN SUPREME COURT CONTINUES ITS 50TH ANNIVERSARY CELEBRATIONS.
In celebration of the 50th anniversary of the ECSC, the 50th anniversary steering committee has planned an exhibition to be held at the Castries City Hall, next week.
The ECSC 50th Anniversary Exhibition will be held in collaboration with the OECS Commission, the Eastern Caribbean Telecommunications Authority (ECTEL), and the Saint Lucia Diabetes and Hypertension Association (SLDHA).
An invitation to view the weeklong exhibition is extended to all citizens, residents and visitors. The event, held under the theme “Celebrating the Past, Embracing the Future,” will take place from Oct. 9 -13, from 9 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. daily. The main purpose of the exhibition is to give the people of Saint Lucia a better understanding and appreciation of the inner workings of the Eastern Caribbean Supreme Court.
Among the many exhibits will be the works of the Rt. Hon. Sir Vincent Floissac, former Chief Justice and President of the Court of Appeal of the Eastern Caribbean Supreme Court, having served in that capacity from Nov. 1991 to July 1996.
Members of the legal fraternity and the public will also benefit from a live tutorial on how to successfully navigate the Eastern Caribbean Supreme Court's website.
The Eastern Caribbean Supreme Court was established in 1967 by the West Indies Associated States Supreme Court Order, No. 223 of 1967. The Eastern Caribbean Supreme Court is a superior court of record for the Organization of Eastern Caribbean States (OECS), including six independent states: Antigua and Barbuda, the Commonwealth of Dominica, Grenada, Saint Kitts and Nevis, Saint Lucia, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines and three British Overseas Territories (Anguilla, Territory of the Virgin Islands, and Montserrat). It has unlimited jurisdiction in each member state.
A group of young people are holding a community swap shop in Whitley Bay this week for a national children's charity.
The event has been organised by a group of 11 to 13-year-olds who regularly attend Barnado's The BASE, in Whitley Bay, on a Friday evening.
The BASE offers one to one support to discuss social issues and to help influence change for others within the local area. They also participate in cookery, art, games and confidence building activities.
The community swap shop will take place from 11am to 3pm on Wednesday, August 16, at the Whitley Bay Big Local.
Justine Carmichael, project worker at The BASE, said: “We really hope everyone in Whitley Bay can come along and support this fantastic group of children with bags of preloved items to swap and anything that we could use in the tombola.
“As well as raising awareness of what The BASE offers to children, young people and families in North Tyneside and Northumberland we would like to create closer links right across the community, from young to old, developing an intergenerational affinity.”
FibreCo boosts broadband connectivity in Kroonstad
Internet connectivity in Kroonstad will benefit from a substantial enhancement as FibreCo Telecommunications completes its roll out of fibre in the town, making reliable high-speed broadband connectivity more accessible to the community.
Given that only 5.4% of households in the province have access to the internet at home, while only 9.9% have access at work, it's clear that there is an urgent need to hasten access to high-speed broadband connectivity. The third largest city in the Free State, Kroonstad is the first city along the FibreCo national fibre route between Johannesburg and Cape Town to have fibre rolled out in the town.
The FibreCo Kroonstad connectivity project, is the first in FibreCo's town connectivity strategy which plans to connect many more towns along its 4000km national fibre route. The biggest challenge to universal broadband is infrastructure cost.
“FibreCo's open access model in Kroonstad allows any number of service providers and operators to buy connectivity without the large capital outlay, making it significantly more affordable than if they were to build the infrastructure themselves,” explains Simon Harvey, CEO FibreCo.
True to its open access wholesale model, FibreCo works to enable ISPs, WISPs and Mobile Operators to provide high-speed broadband services to their customers. Access Global is the first ISP to partner with FibreCo in Kroonstad and their first customers are already benefiting from access to reliable high-speed fibre broadband services.
“It is a great honour to be the first ISP associated with FibreCo in Kroonstad. We are driven to maintain client satisfaction with all our products and services. We strive to ensure that all our clients are treated with integrity while being efficiently and effectively serviced.” says Hennie Roets, Executive Director, Access Global Communication.
In support of our Government's National Development Plan; e-Services Strategy and recognising the need to provide high-speed broadband services to underserviced areas in line with government's SA Connect Policy, FibreCo contributes to socio economic developmental areas such as e-learning and e-health through working with provincial and municipal partners to connect them to the FibreCo network.
“FibreCo has already provided high-speed broadband connectivity services to clinics in Kroonstad, one of which is the first clinic to ever receive direct fibre through a fixed fibre termination” says Sammy Mafu, Business Development Executive, FibreCo. “Together these clinics service over 30 000 people monthly which is central to national government efforts to get the National Health Insurance off the ground.”
FibreCo has also installed a fixed fibre node at the Moqhaka Municipality, making it the first Free State municipality with its own dedicated 1Gbps ready fixed connectivity node.
The Élisabeth Bruyère Hospital, a Catholic institution, is applauding The Ottawa Hospital's decision to create a “regional care coordination service” for medical assistance in dying — and says it already considers Ottawa's largest hospital to be a partner.
Since medical assistance in dying, known as MAID, was legalized last year, Catholic institutions have walked a fine line between patients' legal rights and conscience rights. The Bruyère does not permit MAID on its own premises and its staff do not assess patients to determine whether they qualify for MAID. However, Bruyère has referred patients to medical assessors outside the hospital, and has allowed for some assessments to take place in the hospital on compassionate grounds.
“It's a tightrope that can be walked,” says Dr. Carol Wiebe, Bruyère‘s vice-president of medical affairs. “We look at it on an individual basis. If the patient is so frail that it would increase their distress, we have invited assessors in,” she said.
Related
“I find by really focusing on the patient, there are a number of factors that make it easy to walk the tightrope,” she said. These factors include having outside partners like the Ottawa Hospital.
“It can be done sensitively while respecting our Catholic roots and the rights our patients have.”
When MAID became legal in Canada in June 2016, the legislation upheld the conscience rights of health practitioners to refuse to provide assisted dying. Catholic and other religious hospitals and long-term care homes said they would not permit MAID on their premises. Last fall, draft guidelines from the Catholic Health Association of Ontario, which represents Catholic hospitals, nursing homes and homes for the aged, discouraged conversations about assisted death in Catholic hospitals and urged that patients be transferred off-site for consultations. Meanwhile, critics have argued that publicly-funded hospitals should not be allowed to opt out of providing MAID to patients who seek it.
Due to privacy reasons, Wiebe would not say exactly how many Bruyère patients have accessed MAID, but said the number is less than five.
Besides having a partnership with The Ottawa Hospital, Bruyère also has a partnership with the Montfort Hospital for assessing francophone patients, although no patients have accessed MAID at the Montfort. Bruyère has also had discussions with the Queensway-Carleton Hospital.
Wiebe also declined to put a number on the requests for assessments from patients at Bruyère, but says these requests are not unusual.
“Our teams are fielding questions on a daily basis from patients and families,” she said. “We aren't discouraging conversations, because they often provide a springboard to better understand any suffering.
“We are frank that we are not participating in assessments or provision of MAID, but in order to accompany patients on their journey, we need to be able to respond to their questions. We still transfer our patients out for MAID.”
Often requests for an assessment do not lead to MAID. Many end-of-life patients have delirium and may not have the clear mind that is necessary to make a decision, said Wiebe.
Late last month, The Ottawa Hospital presented a report on its experience to date with MAID to the Champlain Local Health Integration Network. While there are no definitive numbers of assisted deaths in the Champlain LHIN, which covers most of Eastern Ontario, the provincial coroner's office reported between 61 and 78 MAID cases in the region as of June 30. The Ottawa Hospital was the provider of MAID in 46 of these cases. Of these, 17 MAID deaths were in the community, including patient homes and retirement homes. The hospital's medical team also provided 102 assessments.
The Ottawa Hospital's chief of staff, Dr. Jeffrey Turnbull, has said the regional care coordination service would use the knowledge and experience the hospital has gained to help patients navigate the system and help identify resources and gaps in the system. It would also allow other hospitals, long-term care facilities, retirement homes and health care providers to coordinate their services.
Wiebe said she is pleased to hear that The Ottawa Hospital is taking the initiative on MAID.
“They have been a fabulous partner. It has worked very well to offer us access and compassionate care.”
By Sam McPherson
Last Monday in this space, we recommended fantasy baseball team owners drop catcher/first baseman Alex Avila after his trade from the Detroit Tigers to the Chicago Cubs. Then, the defending World Series champions suddenly lose their top catcher to an injury a few days later, and Avila suddenly has fantasy relevancy once again. It's a tough world to stay on top of for six months straight, isn't it?
The Avila example above is an extreme case, but it's not just injuries and trades you have to keep an eye on at this point in the season if you want to win your league. The time is drawing near when a lot of MLB teams that don't have postseason aspirations in 2017 are going to be bringing up rookie players for a quick look so they know what they have for 2018.
How can this affect your team? You could have a productive player in your lineup that is suddenly displaced because of a rookie promotion. We see this happen every season in fantasy baseball, because for teams with no shot at the Fall Classic, it's more important to see what the rookie has to offer than it is for the club to win meaningless games with fringe veterans—even if those vets are producing for your fantasy team.
Players to Get Onto Your Roster Now
1. Hyun-Jin Ryu, SP, Los Angeles Dodgers: Of course, any Dodgers regular you can add to your roster probably will help you win the league title. But Ryu looks like he's finally healthy now after missing the entire 2015 season and most of 2016 with an injury. He is striking out batters at a career-high rate (8.8 strikeouts per nine innings pitched), and since the All-Star break, Ryu has a 1.88 ERA.
2. Eddie Rosario, OF, Minnesota Twins: He's not a rookie, but he has put together a nice season very quietly. If you need OF help, Rosario could be your guy. At age 25, he's having his best season. Through 106 games, he's hit 16 home runs, driven in 46 runs and hitting .293 overall. Those are solid numbers for a fifth OF on your roster. He currently is hitting .311 in the second half.
3. Tim Beckham, 2B/SS, Baltimore Orioles: The word is that he will only be starting until the Os regular shortstop returns from a wrist injury, but we're not buying that. First off, wrist injuries are notoriously hard to recover from, and Beckham is currently hitting .531 with a 1.488 OPS since Baltimore traded for him. The Orioles would be stupid to take him out of the lineup. Pick him up if you can and never fear.
4. Edwin Jackson, SP, Washington Nationals: Bear with us here. Since joining the Nats, the 33-year-old journeyman has three wins and a 3.30 ERA in five starts. Washington has a good lineup behind him, and Jackson is experienced enough to not get into too much trouble. If you need wins, he could help your team. Also, Jackson's 7.5 Ks/9 IP rate with the Nationals isn't going to hurt you, nor will his 1.067 WHIP with the team, either.
Players to Sit/Drop This Week
1. Bud Norris, RP, Los Angeles Angels: On May 1, we recommended picking him up for some cheap saves. Eighteen of those cheap saves later, Norris has reverted to the mediocre pitcher he has been throughout his career, and he's no longer closing games for the Halos after two big blown chances in a row. With an 11.2 Ks/9 IP rate, he still could work his way back into the closer spot, but we doubt it. Let him go.
2. Johnny Cueto, SP, San Francisco Giants: A month after hitting the disabled list, Cueto barely is throwing the ball right now, reportedly. If he was healthier, the Giants probably would have traded him by now. You can drop him and approach with caution next year in the draft after his disappointing 31-year-old season (4.59 ERA, 1.401 WHIP).
3. Jonathan Villar, UTL, Milwaukee Brewers: He's been a one-trick pony this year with 21 steals and a .222 average, and now Villar will be out of a job soon thanks to the Brewers' acquisition of Neil Walker via trade with the New York Mets on Saturday. This was a disappointing campaign after he stole 62 bases last year while hitting .285 overall.
4. Troy Tulowitzki, SS, Toronto Blue Jays: He will be 33 this October, and this could be the end for the five-time All-Star selection. Since being traded from Colorado to Toronto in 2015, he's been extremely mediocre. He is out for the year now with an ankle injury, and that might help the Blue Jays since his bat (.678 OPS in 66 games) hasn't been very good. You may want to avoid him in next year's draft, sadly.
