Venezuela's leader Nicolas Maduro (R) and Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan (L) walk past honor guard during an official welcome ceremony in Ankara on the first state visit to Turkey by a Venezuelan president. (AFP Photo/ADEM ALTAN)
Ankara (AFP) - Venezuela's embattled President Nicolas Maduro hailed a "new era" in relations with Turkey after being welcomed by counterpart Recep Tayyip Erdoğan at his Ankara palace, saying both countries believed in a different, multi-polar world.
Maduro, who has been shunned by the West and faced deadly protests against his rule this spring, was making the first state visit by a Venezuelan president to Turkey, after holding talks in Belarus and Russia in the last days.
"We want to open a new era in relations between Venezuela and Turkey," Maduro said in a joint statement with Erdoğan after their talks.
"We believe in a different kind of world. We believe in a better world. This is not just possible, it's necessary," he said.
"We want to sketch out a new era for the world. A multi-polar world where everyone can find their place."
Venezuela has been going through months of upheaval with critics accusing the leftist Maduro of a naked power grab in July with the formation of a Constituent Assembly packed with his allies.
A wave of protests between April and July left some 125 people dead. Maduro has been accused by the opposition of leading a "savage repression".
The unrest comes as Venezuela suffers an intense economic crisis as falling oil prices whittle down the country's main source of revenue.
Commenting on the strife in Venezuela, Erdoğan said there was "nothing superior to the will of the people" and warned that "external intervention" usually made problems worse.
"We hope that Venezuela will find a solution to its problems through sense, dialogue and reconciliation," he added.
Washington had slapped sanctions on Venezuela and US President Donald Trump has urged the European Union to follow suit in "sanctioning the Maduro regime."
Erdoğan said Turkey planned to build a mosque in Caracas and hailed flag-carrier Turkish Airlines for keeping flights going to the capital when other airlines stopped.
"Turkish Airlines has not left the Venezuelan public alone," he said.
With ties fraying between NATO ally the United States as well as the European Union, Erdoğan has in recent years sought to enliven relations with Latin America, a region where in the past Ankara had little influence.
A historical marker is poised to appear on the corner of Ortega Highway and El Camino Real in San Juan Capistrano with construction of a planned 124-room hotel, Plaza Banderas.
Developers of the hotel have designed a 12-by-18-inch historical marker they want to erect on a stone pedestal on hotel property. It would inform locals and visitors about the history of El Camino Real – “The King's Highway” – and the original dirt track's role in California history.
The three-acre hotel site at 26891 Ortega Highway is across the street from historic Mission San Juan Capistrano, founded in 1776 by Father Junipero Serra, a Spanish missionary elevated to sainthood by the Catholic Church in 2015.
El Camino Real runs alongside the mission. The road that became known as Spanish King Carlos III's highway actually dates back to 1769, when Spain had just established its first permanent settlement in Alta California at San Diego.
The Portola expedition set out from there to explore possible routes and mission sites to the north. El Camino Real, the Royal Road, was to become a link between 21 eventual missions.
On Sept. 26, San Juan Capistrano's Cultural Heritage Commission approved a design for the historic marker. It includes a California map, text and a mission bell. The bell, shown in a prototype as a photograph, will actually be a raised, tactile object, commissioners said.
The city council approved Plaza Banderas Hotel in 2010 but it was never built. Local developer Bill Griffith purchased the approved project in 2015. He renamed it Inn at the Mission and proposed a redesign and upgrade from a 3-star to a 4-star hotel.
He withdrew that plan in 2016 when critics threatened to challenge it. Griffith had sued the city to try to overturn city approval of the Kimpton Hotel Capistrano, a rival 4-star hotel he said violated the city's Historic Town Center Master Plan and impaired public view of a historic house he owns. Steve Oedekerk, owner of the site for the 102-room Kimpton Hotel Capistrano, said the Kimpton hotel wouldn't block public view of Griffith's Egan House while Plaza Banderas would impair public view of Mission San Juan Capistrano, the city's most precious landmark.
Facing potential hang-ups on Inn at the Mission, Griffith canceled it. He was able to revert to his already entitled Plaza Banderas Hotel plan. He could have built it without further delay but is attempting to redesign it within the original footprint to upgrade it to 4 stars
In July, the city's Design Review Committee declared that Plaza Banderas' redesigned one-story restaurant building and two-story retail/office building are consistent with the Plaza Banderas hotel plan approved earlier. A revised plan for the main hotel building is still in the works.
Assistant City Manager Jacob Green said the city is prepared to issue a permit allowing construction of foundations for the two buildings deemed consistent with earlier approvals. The buildings themselves will need further review by the Design Review Committee, Green said via e-mail.
“Plans for these structures, along with the hotel structure, have not yet been submitted to the city,” Green wrote.
In the case of Griffith's lawsuit challenging city approval of Kimpton Hotel Capistrano, the trial is scheduled for Friday, Oct. 6, in Orange County Superior Court. The trial was to take place on Aug. 11, but Judge Kim Dunning postponed it to Sept. 22, then re-set it to Oct. 6.
TORONTO (AP) — Climate change will be on the agenda for this year's Group of Seven summits in Quebec despite Canada's difference of opinion with the Trump administration.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's personal representative for the summit said in an interview Wednesday that implementation of the Paris climate accord will be discussed even though U.S. President Donald Trump has pulled the U.S. out of the agreement. Peter Boehm said if countries agreed on everything, there wouldn't be a reason to meet.
The June gathering of leaders from seven wealthy democracies will mark Trump's first trip to Canada.
Gender equality and women's empowerment will also be major themes.
Boehm is hosting a meeting with the representatives of each country in Waterloo, Ontario, and says Trump's representative is happy with Canada's focus.
DHS and the FBI identified IP addresses and other indicators associated with the malware to help organizations protect themselves against the threats. Joanap lets hackers run commands remotely -- they can scrape data, install more malware and manage files and directories. Brambul, meanwhile, can send hackers system information like the IP address, host name, username and password via email, among other things.
Although the malware is largely targeting organizations, there are a few measures you can take to stay more secure at home, the agencies say. Those include running operating systems and software on their latest patches, updating antivirus software, enabling firewalls and more strictly managing how users can install and run unwanted software. Those concerned about the malware might wish to monitor IP addresses linked to the malware for suspicious activity too.
The hackers, who have also been called the Guardians of Peace and the Lazarus Group, have been accused of orchestrating several attacks, such as the 2014 Sony Pictures hack. The group may also have been behind the WannaCry ransomware, which impacted governments, national health services, companies and universities last year.
The Capital One Bank on Airline Highway was robbed Wednesday (Source: Google Maps)
Police are looking for this man, accused of robbing the Capital One Bank on Airline Highway (Source: BRPD)
The Baton Rouge Police Department is trying to find a man accused of robbing the Capital One Bank on Airline Highway.
Officials say the robbery happened at the location on 8031 Airline Hwy. just before 1 p.m. on Wednesday, May 30. The black male reportedly walked into the bank and gave one of the tellers a note demanding money.
The man then grabbed an undisclosed amount of money and fled the bank on foot in an unknown direction.
Anyone with information is asked to call the Armed Robbery Division at 225-389-3845 or call Crime Stoppers at 225-344-7867.
Copyright 2018 WAFB. All rights reserved.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
I'm truly honored to have served as a member of the Trumbull Board of Education for the past 10 years and as chairman these past two years. It's hard for me to put into words how truly proud I am that Trumbull Public Schools is currently ranked as the #2 school district in all of Connecticut, based on CT Department of Education assessments. It is a tribute to the teachers, administrators, our many other fine staff members, members of the Board of Education and Trumbull parents who have all contributed toward this success.
I'm always proud to talk about our award-winning sports teams, academic teams, performing arts groups and of course, the THS Golden Eagle Marching Band that will be performing in this year's Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade.
Many investments have been made within our high-performing school district since my tenure began in 2007, including implementation of full day kindergarten, the addition of over a dozen new advanced placement classes and expanded course offering at the high school, and the elimination of portable classrooms and art/music on-a-cart at all our the elementary schools while maintaining our class size guidelines.
We've continued to invest in classroom technology, including improvements to our wireless network and a new ChromeBook program for elementary and middle school students which will be rolled out later this fall. We've worked to increase the rigor of our curriculum at all grade levels, elementary, middle and high school, and made long-term Investments in our facilities that have already resulted in significant savings in energy costs. Well underway are programs to replace 50-year-old boilers, to install new energy efficient windows and to add solar panels onto school rooftops.
But of course, there is always more to be done. If re-elected, I would like to see the Board continue to increase the rigor of studies for our students, to invest in Trumbull Public School buildings to make them more safe and energy efficient, and to work to reduce inefficiency and redundancy between the town and BOE, while continuing to do our part in helping to keep local taxes stable and predictable.
I am running for re-election to the Trumbull Board of Education where my overall goal is to develop well-rounded, well-adjusted and emotionally intelligent students who will be equipped to move on to an institution of higher learning, into the workforce or the military one day… and I hope that they'll take along with them a life-long love a learning developed through their years in Trumbull Public Schools. I am asking for your vote for myself, for my fellow Board of Education candidates Marie Petitti, Jeff Donofrio, Jackie Norcel and Matt Caron… and for Paul Lavoie and the entire Lavoie Team on November 7.
James Alex Fields Jr., (L) is seen attending the "Unite the Right" rally in Emancipation Park before being arrested by police and charged with one count of second degree murder, three counts of malicious wounding and one count of failing to stop at an accident that resulted in a death after police say he drove a car into a crowd of counter-protesters later in the afternoon in Charlottesville, Virginia, U.S., August 12, 2017. REUTERS/Eze Amos
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. (Reuters) - A man said to have harbored Nazi sympathies as a teenager before a failed bid to join the U.S. Army was due in court on Monday to face charges he plowed his car into protesters opposing a white nationalist rally in Virginia, killing a woman and injuring 19.
The bail hearing for James Alex Fields, 20, arrested on suspicion of murder, malicious wounding and hit-and-run charges, was set to unfold in Charlottesville as the U.S. Justice Department pressed its own federal hate-crime investigation of the incident.
Authorities said Heather Heyer, 32, was killed when Fields' car slammed into a crowd of anti-racism activists confronting neo-Nazis and Ku Klux Klan (KKK) sympathizers, capping a day of bloody street brawls between the two sides in the Virginia college town on Saturday.
More than 30 people were injured in separate incidents, and two state police officers died in the crash of their helicopter after assisting in efforts to quell the unrest. The fatal disturbances began with white nationalists converging to protest against plans to remove a statue of Confederate General Robert E. Lee, the commander of rebel forces during the U.S. Civil War.
President Donald Trump's reaction to the clashes - the first major domestic crisis he has faced since taking office - ignited a wider political firestorm at the weekend.
Democrats and Republicans alike criticized Trump for waiting too long to address the violence, and for failing when he did speak out to explicitly condemn white-supremacist marchers widely seen as sparking the melee.
Trump was specifically taken to task for comments on Saturday in which he denounced what he called "this egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides."
Under mounting pressure to take an unequivocal stand against right-wing extremists who occupy a loyal segment of the Republican president's political base, the Trump administration sought to sharpen its message the next day.
The White House issued a statement on Sunday insisting that Trump was condemning "all forms of violence, bigotry and hatred, and of course that includes white supremacists, KKK, neo-Nazi, and all extremist groups."
Vice President Mike Pence took an even tougher line against white nationalists in remarks delivered late on Sunday during his trip to Colombia.
"We have no tolerance for hate and violence from white supremacists, neo-Nazis or the KKK," Pence said.
"These dangerous fringe groups have no place in American public life and in the American debate, and we condemn them in the strongest possible terms," he said.
Virginia police at the weekend offered no motive for the man accused of ramming his car into the crowd.
Derek Weimer, a history teacher at Fields' high school in Kentucky, told Cincinnati television station WCPO-TV that he remembered Fields harboring "some very radical views on race" as a student and was "very infatuated with the Nazis, with Adolf Hitler."
Weimer also recounted Fields being "gung-ho" about joining the Army when he graduated.
The Army confirmed that Fields reported for basic military training in August 2015 but was "released from active duty due to a failure to meet training standards in December of 2015."
The Army statement did not explain how he had failed to meet training standards.
Fields was being held on suspicion of second-degree murder, three counts of malicious wounding and a single count of leaving the scene of a fatal accident, authorities said.
(Reporting by Ian Simpson in Charlottesville; Additional reporting by Jeff Mason, Yasmeen Abutaleb and Lucia Mutikani in Washington, James Oliphant in New Jersey, Bernie Woodall in Fort Lauderdale, Fla. and Jon Herskovitz in Austin, Texas; Writing by Steve Gorman; Editing by Mary Milliken, Andrew Hay and Paul Tait)
On an early winter evening in 1978, I and Lynn Gossett, one of the first friends I made at Ohio University, trudged through the weather to Memorial Auditorium to hear a speaker invited by the university to discuss matters of then-current importance.
Both of us little realized as we entered the building that we would meet the man of the hour the same night, and while said meeting was more of a casual hobnob of little consequence in anyone's life, I never forgot it. And that was because this individual was so much a part of U.S. history and its more shadowy efforts on the world stage.
The man was William Egan Colby, former director of the Central Intelligence Agency, who was still hot copy because his 1976 departure from the job, coming after a year of Congressional probes that pierced the culture of secrecy surrounding the agency, was still shrouded in controversy. In Athens almost two years to the day after he was replaced as CIA chief by George H.W. Bush, Colby would no doubt discuss his experiences in espionage that began as an Office of Strategic Services (OSS) operative in World War II.
I was interested in that stuff at the time, although to be truthful I didn't know a great deal about it all, including the more recent events that had led to Colby's dismissal in the final year of the Ford administration. But I did know that even under a new president and director, the CIA was still a topic of interest. As I recall, Colby's speech to the university crowd was respectful and thought-provoking about the role of intelligence in shaping policy. If he was at all bitter over his treatment after serving his country for three decades, you wouldn't know it, because he was the kind of patriot who preferred discussing the failings of the system in a calm and rational manner, which in the coming years he became known for doing.
It occurred to me there may be a reception for Colby in the upper level of Memorial Auditorium following his talk, so Lynn and I hustled upstairs and hovered in the hallway near an open door to a room where OU faculty, administrators and friends would greet the speaker. We were actually quite alone when from the other end of the hallway came Colby, unaccompanied and perhaps a bit unsure of where he was supposed to be. He had retrieved his overcoat, and for all the world resembled a bespectacled attorney (which was his profession at the time) or teacher with a pleasant demeanor who approached the only souls around, a pair of non-threatening college students, offering a humorous remark about being either too early or too late.
With the ice broken, we shook hands and asked Colby if he was planning a book about his experiences. He replied in the affirmative (“Honorable Men: My Life in the CIA” appeared a few months later) and chatted a bit more with us when a university staffer came to collect him for the reception.
It took a little while to sink in with us that we'd been speaking with a man who held so much responsibility during the Cold War that had been tempered some by the detente that Henry Kissinger, who emerged as one of Colby's White House opponents during his CIA directorship, engineered during the '70s.
What struck us was Colby's openness as a person and participant in some of the major events of the time. This transparency ultimately led to his downfall at the CIA as he advocated reformation of the agency's cloak-and-dagger image and willingness to speak with Congress about its failings. Yet he also seemed unaffected by it all and certainly not cowed by recent experiences, even serene in his belief he was right. I soon wrote an account of Colby's visit for a one-off student-produced political journal, but its mastermind wasn't impressed by my viewpoint and reduced the piece to a headline and paragraph before it saw print.
Fast forward several months to summer break back in New York State. With a night off from my seasonal job, I hung out at home with an old high school friend, Peter Masella. As we went into the living room, we found my father, as was his habit, watching Merv Griffin's syndicated talk/variety show on local television (it led into the 10 p.m. news, always Dad's real objective when it came to TV). I glanced at the screen and there was Colby, responding to the host's questions and plugging his book. I alerted Peter to the fact, and his response, marinaded in that twisted sense of humor we both enjoyed, was thus: “Just think, Kevin. That's the man, who only a few years ago, could have ordered your death!”
We chuckled at the absurdity of our government wanting to eliminate me, a know-nothing gentleman and scholar working the graveyard shift at Howard Johnson's, but it underscored the public perception of the CIA's misdeeds that came to light during the rocky 2-1/2 years Colby served as its director.
While I remembered our meeting, I didn't think much about Colby again until late April 1996, when reports surfaced that, at 76, he'd gone missing while canoeing alone near Rock Point, Md., in a tributary of the Potomac River. His body was found a week later, with his passing ruled accidental. Almost immediately, conspiracy theorists had him pegged as a victim of foul play connected to his lengthy past with the CIA, which included a 12-years stint in South Vietnam. It was, however, revealed he suffered from heart disease, a suggested cause of death which satisfied all but the diehards.
In 2011, Colby's son Carl released the documentary “The Man Nobody Knew,” a feature-length study of his father and his times in which Carl, trying to resolve some obvious resentment toward the man over family issues, suggested that he committed suicide, guilt-ridden over his career with the CIA and what it brought to reality. I can't speak to that belief, since a son should know his father and what he was like. But I do believe William Colby, convinced he was right in his position, never wavered from that stance. Or was particularly doubtful about his actions.
People will disagree with me, I'm sure. But that determination was also a hallmark of the generation of which he was a part that fought for a better world, one to be enjoyed by the likes of you and me.
http://www.mydailyregister.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/24/2018/02/web1_Kelly.jpg
Meeting ‘the man nobody knew'
By Kevin Kelly Contributing columnist
Kevin Kelly, who was affiliated with Ohio Valley Publishing for 21 years, resides in Vinton, Ohio.
Kevin Kelly, who was affiliated with Ohio Valley Publishing for 21 years, resides in Vinton, Ohio.
Getty Image
Days after coming up just short of an NBA Finals berth, Boston Celtics general manager Danny Ainge made it clear he wasn't looking to shake things up this summer. That notion lasted a solid day before a report emerged regarding Boston's interest in 2018 NBA Draft prospect Mo Bamba.
According to Sean Deveney of Sporting News, the Celtics expressed interest in the Texas center at the pre-draft combine and could target the big man should he fall to No. 4 (Memphis Grizzlies) or No. 5 (Dallas Mavericks).
Deveney notes it could take a young player and multiple picks for the Celtics to move up from No. 27 into the prime position for Bamba. With Jayson Tatum likely off the trade block, it could come down to a combination of Terry Rozier and/or Jaylen Brown and multiple draft picks.
A woman has spoken of the moment she heard an "enormous explosion" as a helicopter crashed in North Yorkshire.
At 1.23pm today, officers received reports of the crash in a crop field at Aldborough near Boroughbridge.
Katie McCann, of London, who grew up in the village, said the crash took place behind Aldborough Hall.
She was in her mother's house when she heard what sounded like an "out of control plane or helicopter".
"The clouds are quite low here today and it's not great weather.
"Then I heard an enormous explosion."
Credit: Katie McCann.
The 53-year-old looked out the window and "black smoke was everywhere and I just flew out of the house because I thought it was an airplane".
A man with two boys was on the phone trying the direct emergency services, and Ms McCann helped.
"You couldn't see anything," she said. "There was so much smoke.
"[One man] said he had seen it. It was a red and white helicopter.
"He said it had climbed up into the cloud like it was trying to recover itself, and then dropped like a stone."
Pictures supplied by Ms McCann showed a Yorkshire Air Ambulance attending the scene afterward the crash.
"That arrived 10 minutes later," she said. "I couldn't believe how fast they arrived."
It also only took the first fire engine around three minutes to turn up, she added.
Locals had told her a helicopter landed in the nearby Boroughbridge area at around 8.30am this morning.
Officers have cordoned off the area and are currently conducting a search of the scene.
Fire and ambulance crews have also attended the scene.
Police are not yet able to confirm any information about casualties.
It was earlier thought to have been a light aircraft which came down in a field.
Fire crews from Boroughbridge, Knaresborough, Harrogate and Ripon attended, it is understood.
What I'd Do To Nigeria If I Were God – Popular Apostle Speaks Angrily
Born on Sunday, April 24, 1938, Apostle Hayford Ikponmwonsa Alile, OFR, B.A. MBA (Hon) D.Sc., attended briefly the University of Ibadan as a State Scholar in Physics and thereafter proceeded to Howard University, Washington D.C. where he earned his B.A. degree in Economics and Mathematics. He later attended Rutgers Graduate School of Management, New Jersey, […]
The post What I'd Do To Nigeria If I Were God – Popular Apostle Speaks Angrily appeared first on Timeofgist.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Timeofgist. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Check out some of the best highlights from Carlo Vela's career at Real Sociedad and his recent travels with the Mexican national team.
Whenever she has the time, writer Shari Lapena travels from her home in Toronto to the Victorian farmhouse north of Cobourg, Ont., that she and her husband are restoring. Raccoons had taken up residence in the abandoned house before the couple acquired the 100-acre property, but Lapena loved the pastoral setting. Basically everything needs to be redone, from the mortar and the stone windowsills to the wiring, the roof and the heating. But what Lapena is really excited about is the maid's quarters, with its back staircase from the kitchen. That's where her writing office is going to be. “It's very Agatha Christie-like,” she says. “You can go up the main staircase. You can sneak around the back staircase. It would be a great place to do one of those murder mystery evenings.”
You can imagine it as the setting of Lapena's next novel (you'd need some dodgy neighbours to complicate matters, though). Lapena rose to literary fame last year when her thriller debut, The Couple Next Door, became the bestselling Canadian novel of 2016 and an international phenomenon. Other writers have heaped praise on Lapena. Sue Grafton called the suspense in Couple “beautifully rendered and unrelenting,” and Linwood Barclay enthused, “I thought the read-it-in-one-sitting thing was a cliché. Not any more.” Lapena's new novel, A Stranger in the House, is one of this year's most highly anticipated follow-ups.
Both books fit into the “domestic thriller” category, akin to Gillian Flynn's Gone Girl or Liane Moriarty's Big Little Lies, with female protagonists and action that occurs in and around their houses, shaking up “normal” life. The Couple Next Door starts with a dinner party at the titular neighbours' residence. The guest couple's babysitter cancels, and the parents leave their six-month-old child alone, sleeping, with the baby monitor on. The little girl is abducted. A Stranger in the House centres on a seemingly happily married wife's car accident near a crime scene. Why is she there? “In the thriller world, everybody has secrets,” says Lapena. “The deeper you go and the more you scratch off that veneer of civilization, the murkier things get.” Yet the writer insists that she is not at all violent or particularly dark. “People say, ‘How do you come up with the things you publish?' ”
On the surface, it looks like Lapena, who's in her mid-50s, is an overnight success. But it's been a long road to bestsellerdom. She started out in law school because, although she had wanted to be a writer since childhood, she didn't think that “was a practical career choice.” After a few unfulfilling years in the legal profession, Lapena went back to school to become an English teacher, which she says she was better suited to. When she had her two children, both now teenagers—one is an equestrian, so the family spends “a lot of time driving back and forth to the barn and horse shows”—she stayed home with them. And that's when she started writing.
Lapena had two novels published before The Couple Next Door, but they were literary comedies, which is why Couple has been promoted as Lapena's thriller debut. Both earlier books were released by small Canadian presses; the second one, Happiness Economics, was shortlisted for the Stephen Leacock Medal for Humour in 2012, so there was a small taste of literary success. “I was very happy with those two books and I learned a lot about writing,” Lapena says. She started on a third literary comedy but ran out of steam—“I was bored with what I was writing.” That's when she started on what became The Couple Next Door, which she had doubts about because she's not keen on plotting her books, and she figured thrillers needed outlines. No one—not even her husband, Manuel Lapena, an IT professional—knew what she was writing, which made the process easier. After the smash success of that book, though, everyone knew she was writing a follow-up; she had a contract and a deadline to meet. “There's a term, ‘the difficult second book,' and it's true,” says Lapena. Between the need to produce a new book and travel and promotion for Couple, Lapena's time was limited. “I had trouble coming up with an idea I liked. I had some false starts. I had a lot of distractions. I had more input than I'm used to. But when push came to shove, I sat down and I wrote it. I'm happy with how it came out.”
While Lapena's life has certainly changed since Couple, she tries to maintain the discipline that has sustained her for the past 18 years (“Before anyone knew me, I would sit down every day and write for four hours”). She's surprised by her success, she says, but not by how long it took. “It was years and years of hard work. Writers usually put in an awful lot of time before they're successful at it.”
By Sam McPherson
The Major League Baseball season is two weeks in, and already there have been a ton of players suffering injuries and landing on the new 10-day disabled list. The 2015 American League Most Valuable Player, Toronto Blue Jays third baseman Josh Donaldson, was off to a great start before aggravating his calf and landing on the DL. Same for two-time All-Star closer Zach Britton, who was leading the AL in saves with five. the Baltimore Orioles closer is now on the DL, too, with a forearm strain. You just can't avoid injuries in fantasy baseball, unless you're very, very lucky.
However, unlike fantasy football, which is much more punishing if you lose a top draft pick to injury so soon, you can overcome these kinds of injuries in fantasy baseball. Most of the time, you can find able replacements on the waiver wire in April to alleviate the pain of an injured player. Yes, Donaldson is harder to replace than Britton, using the above examples, because someone on the Orioles still has to save games, whereas hitting home runs and collecting RBI is harder when it comes to finding another third baseman like Donaldson.
The point is that injuries happen to almost every team in your league, and they happen often. Generally, it's always a priority to replace injured hitters first, because the counting stats (HRs, RBI, etc.) are predominant—and the skill sets are harder to replicate. With pitching, it's best to prioritize replacing closers over starters, as saves come from everywhere whereas bad starters can ruin your place in the standings, thanks to the ERA and WHIP categories.
Players to Get Onto Your Roster Now
1. Ryan Zimmerman, 1B, Washington Nationals: This would be a perfect replacement for Donaldson, if Zimmerman still played third. Depending on your roster, maybe you can juggle the 1B/3B slots a bit and grab Zimmerman while Donaldson heals. Strangely, Zimmerman was only an All-Star selection once (2009), but he's off to a good start in 2017 with a .341 average, three HRs and six RBI. It may not last long, considering recent history. He hasn't played a full season since 2013, but if you just need a few weeks out of him while Donaldson gets back to full strength, Zimmerman is as good an option as any.
2. Jason Vargas, SP, Kansas City Royals: Coming back from a UCL tear is never certain, but Vargas looks to be in good shape right now. He started three games late last year and got progressively better each time out. With another offseason to recover, Vargas has started off this season strong (2-0, 0.66 ERA, 14 strikeouts), and although he probably won't throw more than 150 innings this whole season, now's the time to get on board and ride his arm for as long as you can. Vargas isn't going to win the Cy Young Award, but you don't need him to in order to benefit from his comeback.
3. Chris Devenski, P, Houston Astros: This is an interesting proposition, since Devenski isn't in the Astros starting rotation. However, he started five games last year and should find his way into a starter's role soon. Devenski's numbers in relief this year is stellar already (17 Ks in nine innings, plus a 1.00 ERA), and for his career so far, the numbers are stable and good (117 1/3 IP, 121 Ks, 2.07 ERA, 0.886 WHIP). Even if he doesn't start that often, his overall numbers can only help your fantasy staff. Sometimes, it's the sneaky reliever types like this that win the league for you.
4. Aaron Judge, OF, New York Yankees: He had a rough start to his career last season, but Judge already looks a lot better this season (three HRs, seven RBIs, .870 OPS). His batting eye looks improved, too, based on four walks already in 10 games after Judge had nine total last year in 27 games. He could supply a ton of power for your team if another player goes down with an injury—and a lineup juggle works for you. Just 25 years old, Judge is one of several young Yankees looking to bring the power and the glory back to the Bronx.
Players to Sit/Drop This Week
1. Byron Buxton, OF, Minnesota Twins: He's still only 23 years old, but with 149 MLB games under his belt now since 2015, it doesn't look like Buxton is ever going to be the great player he was touted to be. He's struck out 23 times already this season, in just 12 games. Overall, he's hitting just .093, and again, with almost a full season compiled in stats, little about those numbers (.210 average, only 13 stolen bases) suggests he's going to have a good career. Maybe he turns it around eventually, but in single-season leagues, let someone else take the chance on Buxton. You can find better players on the waiver wire.
2. Sam Dyson, RP, Texas Rangers: Hopefully, you didn't draft both Britton and Dyson, because you'd really need to find saves now. Dyson has been a nightmare this year (0-2, 24.75 ERA) after posting 38 saves last year. But his strikeout rate has never been great (career 7.4 Ks per nine IP), so he was a risky pick to begin with this year. Psychologically, it's hard to see the Rangers going back to Dyson later for saves, especially when they have better options on their roster. Drop him and find a better reliever. Someone else can take a chance on Dyson.
3. Russell Martin, C, Toronto Blue Jays: A four-time All-Star selection, Martin (and his Blue Jays) are off to a terrible start this season. However, he is a career .253 hitter, and for a catcher with his power, that's acceptable. You know he will bounce back later along with his whole team. In the meantime, however, stash him on your bench and pick up a streaky, hot-hitting, unknown catcher. This will save your team average for now, and you'll be able to ride the inevitable, stat-correcting run Martin goes on later this summer.
4. Jeff Samardzija, SP, San Francisco Giants: He's now 0-3 with a 6.16 ERA and a 1.42 WHIP, although he looked a little better on Sunday against Colorado (no walks, eight Ks) despite taking the loss. However, the problem is that the Shark is the team's No. 4 starter, and he lacks the quality stuff plus the mental fortitude (which is surprising, considering his college football days playing for Notre Dame) to overcome the San Francisco roster's many deficiencies. He's not Madison Bumgarner, and right now, even Bumgarner is winless for this last-place Giants team. Bench Samardzija if you must, but there are better SPs on the waiver wire.
Connie Despanie and Jamie Fontenot meet for first time after the letter (Source: CBS This Morning)
CBS corespondent: David Begnaud
Two families in Louisiana were brought together by chance and show that strangers can share a person's memory.
A few weeks ago a baby entered the world in Lafayette. His parents, Connie Despanie and Benjamin Hall, named him Kingtson. But they were undecided on a middle name, until right after he was born. That's when inspiration arrived in the form of a handwritten letter, delivered by a stranger.
The moment was captured on camera at the Lafayette General Medical Center.
Who was that woman with the letter?
“To my dad's Angel, even though I will never know your name, you are the first child born here after my Dad's passing... When one life is taken, another is given,” reads the letter written by Jamie Fontenot. “Please keep my Dad in your prayers. His name is James. Thank you.”
Jamie Fontenot is that stranger. She wrote the letter shortly after her father died in the hospital and she was inspired to write by the music that she heard playing in the hospital's PA system.
It's a lullaby that plays throughout the hospital. Families of newborns come here and they press that button in the labor and delivery ward, playing the lullaby letting everybody know a newborn just arrived.
On January 12, 2018, Kingston James Hall was born, shortly after James Lee Grimmett, 86, had passed away.
“Somebody said, well then that's dad's angel,” Jamie recalled. “I just took my letter and I went to the OB unit. I said my dad passed away about 10:40 so give this to the first baby that was born after that time.”
Doctor Jennifer Pugliese and nurse Cydney Begnaud who assisted with Connie's labor and delivery received Jamie's letter. And Dr. Pugliese gave it to Connie.
“And she started reading it silently and she just had tears streaming down her face, it was really beautiful.”
“I came in, and the dad says, ‘Oh, we found our middle name,'” Begnaud recalled. “And I'm like, ‘Alright, what is it?' And he says, ‘Well, it's James of course! And I'm like 'oh yes, of course!'"
“My nurse followed me to that side and she was like well, do you mind if we get your information and give it to Ms. Jamie?” Connie said.
What are we to take away from a story like this?
Jamie Fontenot: // “Family is everything, and if you don't have faith you don't have anything,” said Jamie.
“You just never know when a blessing is going to come and fall in your lap,” Connie added.
They say they plan to keep in touch.
Copywrite
2017 will be Cavanagh's swansong 15 February 2017
Sean Cavanagh leads out Tyrone.
©INPHO/Presseye/Andrew Paton. Sean Cavanagh leads out Tyrone.©INPHO/Presseye/Andrew Paton.
Sean Cavanagh is hoping to bow out on a high with Tyrone after confirming that 2017 will be his last year on the inter-county stage.
The three-time All-Ireland winner revealed to The Irish Daily Mail that he will hang up the boots once the curtain comes down on the Red Hands championship campaign this year.
“I'm pretty sure I won't be back in 2018.
“I really don't want to finish my career by limping out and knowing my body can't compete.
“It gets tougher every year but I feel quite strong at the moment and I feel as I have something to offer this year.”
FG, ECOWAS partners to end herdsmen crisis
The Federal Government has joined ministers and experts of the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) to start a three-day summit to find solutions to the devastating farmers/herders conflict, which has killed thousands and displaced many others in West Africa.
The Minister of Interior, Abdulrahman Danbazzau, was represented by the permanent secretary of the ministry, M. B Umar at the opening session of the ECOWAS Ministers of Security and Agriculture/Animal Resources on Transhumance Security, held in Abuja on Tuesday. According to the minister, the region must adopt new approach to end the crisis.
“We are all, no doubts, aware of the colossal losses that the subregion has suffered as a result of the recent escalated clashes between these very important sectors of the subregion's economy. Nigeria, in particular has a very bitter experience of this bad development. This explains why Nigeria is in the forefront at finding a lasting solution to this unfortunate development,” he said.
The Minister, who blamed the exacerbated impact of climate change as one of the contributory factors to the conflict, said ” this has resulted into drought and thus increased animal movement towards pastures and water with grave implications for the delicate balance in the hitherto peaceful coexistence between farmers and herdsmen.”
The Minister suggested that as part of the measures to resolve the conflict, there should be a systematic control of livestock production to ensure appropriate management of animal movement. He also suggested a critical examination of the various regulations on movement of transhumance animal movement and small arms, which will be developed by the ECOWAS Commission.
The Minister also demanded that the subsisting national laws on animal movement control should be aligned with the provisions of ECOWAS Transhumance Regulation on documentation of animal movement within the region.
The ECOWAS Commissioner for Agriculture, Sekou Sangare, in his opening remarks, said that the traditional method of animal husbandry where herders move along with their cattle into farms is no longer suitable for the 21st Century and therefore should be reviewed.
President Muhammadu Buhari and President of the ECOWAS Commission, Jean Kassi Brou, will chair the closing session on Thursday.
The post FG, ECOWAS partners to end herdsmen crisis appeared first on BusinessDay : News you can trust.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from BusinessDay : News you can trust. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Makurdi Catholic Diocese confirms killing of two priests
The Catholic Diocese of Makurdi has confirmed the killing of two of its priests, Rev Fathers Joseph Gor and Felix Tyolaha, in an early hour attack on St Ignatius Quasi Parish, Ukpor, Mbalom in Gwer West Local Government Council of Benue.
A statement by its Director of Communications, Rev Fr Moses Iorapuu, said that the attacks were perpetrated by herdsmen who stormed the Mbalom community and killed the two priests during the morning mass at the church.
The Diocese expressed regret at the nonchalant attitude of the security agencies in containing the killings.
It said the herdsmen, who stormed the community, burnt down houses, destroyed crops and killed people.
The church, therefore, urged the relevant authorities to stop the killings in the Benue valley.
Iorapuu said the Diocese had been active in providing food and relief materials to Internally Displaced Persons (IDP's) since the onset of hostilities in the state and wondered why it could be marked as a target of attacks.
“The attacks on the priests is an attack on everything that we ever stood for and believed in.”
Meanwhile, concerted efforts to get reaction from the Benue Police Command failed as its Public Relations Officer, ASP Moses Yamu, was not forthcoming with remarks.
The post Makurdi Catholic Diocese confirms killing of two priests appeared first on Vanguard News.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
The top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigative process in favor of Democrats and against Republicans  something which would have been unthinkable just a short time ago. Rank & File are great people!
This year's Scripps National Spelling Bee drew the largest number of competitors in its history, 516. But the field is far smaller, as only 41 spellers advance to the finals Thursday.
The finalists were announced Wednesday after two days of onstage spelling during which nearly 200 spellers were eliminated for getting words wrong. Scores on a written spelling and vocabulary test determined who advanced to the finals.
“There were no perfect scores on the test,” spelling bee Executive Director Paige Kimble says, “We thought it was an easy test. We were wrong.”
“They made it hard on purpose” said Jacob Williamson, a former competitor who is coaching five spellers this year.
But that didn't seem to shake the confidence of those who have traversed the road before.
“It was fine, actually. I didn't expect it to be fine,” said Erin Howard, 13, of Huntsville, Alabama. “I think at worst I missed five.”
According to Scripps, 113 of the spellers this year had previous national finals experience and 45 have relatives who are former competitors, including Atman Balakrishnan, from Chicago, whose father Balu Natrajan was the winner in 1985, and the first Indian-American to take the title.
The top scorers this year are Shruthika Padhy, Aisha Randhawa and Karthik Nemmani.
Shruthika came into the bee as one of the favorites, having finished in seventh place last year.
The past 13 champions and 18 of the last 22 have been Indian-American. [Read More]
—–
Source: VOA News: War and Conflict
With millions purchasing protective eyewear ahead of the Aug. 21 solar eclipse, Amazon is working to remove potentially counterfeit glasses from its marketplace and issue refunds to those who have already bought them online.
A company spokesperson told ABC News in a statement overnight that it asked third-party sellers offering solar eclipse glasses to provide documentation to verify that their "products were compliant with relevant safety standards."
"The offers from sellers who provided this safety documentation remain available to customers," the spokesperson said.
American Paper Optics
Sellers who did not provide documentation for their listings have been removed from the site. Amazon did not name any of those listings or specific brands in its statement.
Amazon confirmed that it issued refunds to some customers who purchased glasses that may not meet industry standards.
Last week, Fred Espenak, retired NASA astrophysicist and photographer, told ABC News that he has heard rumors of counterfeit glasses being sold online.
Espenak, NASA and the American Astronomical Society (AAS) suggest that consumers purchase off the AAS's approved list of companies that manufacture and/or sell eclipse glasses and handheld solar viewers, which have been verified by an accredited testing laboratory to meet the ISO 12312-2 international safety standard.
"They've been put through a testing procedure to demonstrate that they're dark enough to prevent visible as well as ultraviolet and infrared light from passing through it," Espenak said.
Elaine Thompson/AP
Some companies are placing an ISO label on their counterfeit glasses, which is why following the list of manufacturers is a surefire way to know you're being safe, according to the AAS.
Here is a growing list from the AAS of approved companies that manufacture and/or sell glasses through vendors and retailers.
American Paper Optics (Eclipser) / EclipseGlasses.com / 3dglassesonline.com
APM Telescopes (Sunfilter Glasses)
Baader Planetarium (AstroSolar Silver/Gold Film)
Celestron (EclipSmart Glasses & Viewers)
Daylight Sky (plastic glasses only)
DayStar (Solar Glasses)
Explore Scientific (Solar Eclipse Sun Catcher Glasses)
Halo Solar Eclipse Spectacles
Lunt Solar Systems (SUNsafe SUNglasses)
Meade Instruments (EclipseView Glasses & Viewers)
Rainbow Symphony (Eclipse Shades)
Seymour Solar (Helios Glasses)
Thousand Oaks Optical (Silver-Black Polymer & SolarLite)
TSE 17 (Solar Filter Foil)
www.solunaglasses.com
The AAS says on its website that just because they do not list a supplier, that does not indicate that "their products are unsafe," but rather that the AAS does not yet have the knowledge of that particular seller or that they have not verified the brand is safe.
The consequence of wearing glasses that aren't specially made to deal with the visible light from a solar eclipse and invisible radiation could be "serious eye injury, perhaps even blindness," according to the AAS, which also noted that special-purpose solar filters are many thousands of times darker than ordinary sunglasses.
Read more on how to avoid buying counterfeit glasses ahead of the Aug. 21 solar eclipse here.
SAN DIEGO (KGTV) - One man is dead and a woman is seriously injured after a driver plowed into a sidewalk and crashed into a wall in Paradise Hills Saturday night.
San Diego Police detained the driver, suspected of driving under the influence of a controlled substance.
The 23-year-old man tried to flee the scene where he struck two people on the sidewalk in the 6400 block of Parkside Avenue, but witnesses followed him until officers arrived.
A 67-year-old man died at the scene of the accident. A 55-year-old woman was transported to the hospital with serious injuries.
The driver lost control of his truck at a curve where Parkside Avenue meets Beatrice Street around 6:30 p.m., according to police.
The San Diego Police Traffic Division is investigating the collision.
PUERTO PRINCESA CITY — The Department of the Interior and Local Government (DILG) said on Monday, it has stopped recognizing Lucilo Bayron as mayor of Puerto Princesa City since serving a dismissal order from the Office of the Ombudsman to his office last Friday (Feb. 10).
“He (Bayron) cannot function as mayor anymore. The vice mayor should take over although he (Bayron) has a right to elevate the case to the Court of Appeals (CA),” Interior and Local Government Secretary Ismael Sueno said in an interview aired over local radio station Brigada on Monday.
Sueno was referring to a ruling issued by the Ombudsman finding Bayron guilty of serious dishonesty and grave misconduct. The Ombudsman permanently dismissed Bayron and perpetually barred him from government service.
ADVERTISEMENT
Bayron, through his lawyer Winston Gonzales, has appealed the Ombudsman's ruling.
The case stemmed from the appointment of Bayron's son, Karl, to a contractual position in the city government during his first term as mayor in 2013. The father and son had signed the contractual employment papers stating that they were not related.
The DILG's order for Bayron to vacate his post stands despite the latter's pending appeal in the CA, according to Sueno.
“If they are given a TRO, then they can come back. We at the DILG, we only implement the decisions of the court. The Ombudsman had ordered us to serve the dismissal order, so we served it,” he said.
Gonzales said Bayron's camp had clarified the matter earlier with the DILG and had cleared with the agency that the Ombudsman's decision was “not final and executory.”
“This is a legal process and we can only heed the decision of the CA (Court of Appeals) or the Supreme Court,” Gonzales said.
He said Bayron was out of town on Monday. Vice Mayor Luis Marcaida, he said, was designated acting mayor in Bayron's absence.
The Philippine Daily Inquirer tried to reach Marcaida on Monday but he was unavailable for an interview.
Supporters of Bayron and city government employees gathered at the City Hall grounds for three days last week anticipating the issuance of the Ombudsman's ruling by the DILG.
But police officials said no untoward incident happened. On Monday, police said the peace and order situation in the city was “normal.” SFM
Transcript for Crane collapses, slamming through the roof of a home
The crane collapse outside Fort Lauderdale taking out power lines and slamming to the rueful home. The crane operator and one resident treated people injured they are expected to be okay.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
The Mallards earned their first win of the season in their opening game, dropping the Wisconsin Rapids Rafters 10-2.
Thanks to superb pitching from lefty starter Dalton Morrow, the Mallards held the Rafters to just two hits. After the game, Morrow credited his relationship with catcher Hunter Hisky with helping him with his outing, “I was fortunate enough to come up with my catcher. We've always clicked really well. We get along off of the field and that kind of has a big part of it when we get out there. We get into a rhythm.”
Advertisement
While the Rafters couldn't get going, the Mallards were on fire offensively, dropping 13 hits. Hisky had three hits himself and centerfielder Jayse McLean hit a two-run bomb over leftfield while also knocking in a base clearing, three-run double at the bottom of the first.
The Mallards play the Green Bay Bullfrogs tomorrow night at Warner Park.
Comments
comments
Re: Satellite phone rental
I have used this company when needing additional systems for short periods.
https://www.spdirect.com/satellite-p...AcWhoCMeXw_wcB
THEIS Hello,I have used this company when needing additional systems for short periods.THEIS
Do not let someone else's desires set your limits __________________
The driverless, specially outfitted Audi Q5 sport-utility vehicle is displayed at the Waldorf Astoria following the car's return from a cross-country trip. Delphi Automotive Plc, a supplier of car electronics, designed the car which covered about 3,500 miles from San Francisco to the New York City area. The car was driverless for all but about 50 miles in a construction zone.
First, Tesla surpassed General Motors and Ford Motor Co. in market cap. Then Ford announced cutting 10% of its salaried workers before firing CEO Mark Fields.
Does anyone doubt change is sweeping the auto industry? The moves at Ford highlight two competing pressures: to increase stock prices while investing in technology to up the ante on autonomous and electric vehicles.
But this pressure presents opportunities for auto suppliers as well. To take advantage, they must rethink their traditional passive relationship with manufacturers and grab a bigger role in charting a future for the industry, through partnerships with new customer types.
Parts makers, a once relatively stable business, will need to be increasingly nimble as the car companies and technology giants wrestle over the automobiles and trucks of the future. Will they run on electric batteries or hydrocarbons, or both? Will these vehicles still have drivers or be autonomous, or both? Will they have one owner or be shared?
Put another way: If you're going to make interiors for Volvos, you should be talking with Uber about increasing surface durability because its cars might have more passengers riding more hours a day. Or, if you're going to make bumpers for Lexus, maybe you should be planning new designs or materials with Apple or Google, perhaps ones with special bumper sensors. Should video cameras be inside as well as outside of vehicles?
Suppliers need to start thinking about interiors as UX (user experience) and bumper sensors as UI (user interface).
Indeed, this brave new world is an opportunity to look at the marketplace of the 21st century and bet on whom your customers will be and what kind of customization you can create for them.
It's a chance to be active rather than passive in pursuing carmakers' needs, particularly when it comes to uses of technology.
Use this opportunity to ally yourselves and network with tech companies in addition to traditional automobile manufacturers.
Remember: tech companies don't have much experience with the car industry, and the car industry doesn't have much experience with the high-tech world. You'll have to master both languages and translate, so to speak.
Unfortunately, that kind of communication isn't happening en masse yet. Traditionally, suppliers have simply accepted whatever the OEMs have provided.
But, believe me, within 10 years, that passive response business model is going to look as lonely and flattened as the old Buick City complex in Flint.
Just this week, BMW and Intel, which have already teamed up to build a self-driving car by 2021, announced they would join forces with parts supplier Delphi, now a leader in data analysis and electrical architecture, in a non-exclusive arrangement to develop automotive technology, such as perception components and sensor fusion.
This deal came after Delphi said recently that it would split into two companies—one for self-driving cars and electrical systems, and the other for powertrains. Intel, incidentally, has announced plans recently to buy Mobileye, a self-driving car technology firm. Other cross-pollination includes Mercedes-Benz and parts supplier Bosch; General Motors and Uber competitor Lyft; and Google's autonomous car project, Waymo, and Lyft.
Yes, the speed limit on change in the automotive industry has been lifted. And as the traffic increases, it's time for parts suppliers to get behind the steering wheel and start driving some of the changes.
Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CLOSE In the quickly growing city of Ithaca, you don't have to go far to see a crane or bulldozer. Here are the top 10 construction projects in the area now. Sarah Mearhoff
Buy Photo Construction at 301 E. State St., where the City Centre retail and housing building is expected to be finished in 2019. (Photo: Sarah Mearhoff / staff photo)Buy Photo
You'd be hard-pressed to find a block in downtown Ithaca without construction workers on the job. With multi-million dollar projects in the works and more in the planning, it's easy for the sound of jackhammers to get to locals' heads.
But Heather McDaniel, vice president and director of economic development services for Tompkins County Area Development, said the fleet of bulldozers and cranes in the city are lifting more than debris — they're lifting the economy.
Since 2000, TCAD has backed projects in Ithaca, leveraging nearly $236 million in private investment, McDaniel said. In addition, these projects have paid more than $8.3 million in new property taxes to date.
“I know it's a little frustrating to see construction signs and roads closed and traffic, but at the end of the day, $8.3 million in new property taxes downtown — that's spreading out that tax burden for everybody,” McDaniel said.
This growth is quite rare in upstate New York, McDaniel said. In fact, between development and a saturation of jobs, Tompkins is the only county in the region that is “actually growing.”
“Ithaca really is sort of a little gem in upstate New York,” McDaniel said.
McDaniel said she attributes this largely to extraordinary growth to the construction of The Commons.
“I have to give kudos to the city of Ithaca because they invested in the infrastructure on The Commons,” McDaniel said. “I think that really signaled to developers that the city was going to invest.”
Between the revamp of The Commons and subsequent construction downtown, McDaniel said residents and visitors are walking downtown more.
But this is not to say Ithaca's development is without its problems. The city is still in dire need of more affordable housing options – particularly rental housing [for] median incomes and below – to attract a greater workforce to the area.
“Young families, if they're going to take a job here, they need a place to live,” McDaniel said.
A possible aid, McDaniel said, is the proposed renovation and addition to downtown's Green Street Garage. One design proposed that 350 apartments be constructed on the building, which Ithaca Common Council members suggested be priced affordably.
But McDaniel cautioned this overhaul, as it is so early in its planning stages: “Honestly, it could take two years and be totally killed.”
Until then, here are some of the big-ticket projects currently underway in and around Ithaca:
Buy Photo The construction site of Tompkins Trust Company's new headquarters located at 118 Seneca St. (Photo: Sarah Mearhoff / staff photo)
An architect's rendering for the planned $31.3 million, seven-story, 110,000-square-foot building, 118 E. Seneca St. (Photo: TOMPKINS FINANCIAL CORPORATION / Rendering Provided)
118 Seneca St.
$35,000,000 budget
Scheduled July 2016 to March 2018
Regional banker Tompkins Trust Company is working to consolidate its five buildings into one corporate headquarters at this site.
"In order to improve service quality and to promote a collaborative work environment between teams, we would like to consolidate our existing conditions into one corporate headquarters," said the project's description provided to the Tompkins County Industrial Development Agency.
The construction includes a drive-through banking service, three floors of retail space and four floors to house the operations of Tompkins Financial Corp., Tompkins Trust Company, Tompkins Insurance Agency and Tompkins Financial Advisers.The headquarters would move 300 existing jobs to one central location downtown.
WHAT THIS REPLACES: A Tompkins Trust drive-up branch
Buy Photo The entrance to the construction site of the upcoming Hilton Canopy Hotel at 320 E. State St. (Photo: Sarah Mearhoff / staff photo)
A rendering of the proposed Hilton Canopy hotel, as seen from Seneca Way, provided by Ithaca Downtown Associates, LLC. to the City of Ithaca Planning Board. (Photo: Courtesy of Ithaca Downtown Associates, LLC.)
320 E. State St.
$24,172,500 budget
Scheduled Sept. 2017 to Feb. 2019
Once home to the Strand Theater in downtown Ithaca, 320-4 E. State St. will soon be home to one of Hilton's few new "boutique lifestyle hotel brand" locations.
Of just 11 proposed locations in the U.S. and abroad, Ithaca is the smallest city to house Hilton's new brand, which is "centered on a neighborhood-driven theme of locality, culture and comfort," according to the developer's application to the TCIDA.
The seven-story Hilton Canopy Hotel will house 123 new guest rooms, as well as a cafe and bar, outdoor areas and other hotel accommodations.
WHAT THIS REPLACES: An Ithaca city parking lot
Buy Photo The future location of Harold's Square on the Ithaca Commons. (Photo: Sarah Mearhoff / staff photo)
A rendering of the front side of Harold's Square. The rendering was created in 2016. (Photo: L ENTERPRISES)
123-27, 133, 135 and 137-39 The Commons
$38,000,000 budget
Scheduled Oct. 2017 to June 2019
Upon the demolition of three "underutilized" buildings within The Commons, Harold's Square will house a four-story office and retail building facing The Commons.
According to the project's application to the TCIDA, the building's contemporary design "complement[s] the historic fabric of the Commons." The project's most recent plan was approved by the City of Ithaca's Planning Board in May.
The project also includes a 10-story high-rise set back from The Commons, which will house 46 rental apartments, as well as conference space and outdoor terraces.
WHAT THIS REPLACES: Building housing Race Office Supply, Alphabet Soup and Night & Day
Salt is stored on the surface of the Cargill salt mine in Lansing in August 2002. (Photo: File Photo)
1001 Ridge Rd. in Lansing
$45,000,000 budget
Of the project's anticipated start and end dates, Mine Manager Shawn Wilczynski said via email that the project was delayed, but they hope to begin construction by the end of 2017. Construction is estimated to take 18 to 24 months.
Cargill, Inc.'s nearly 100-year-old mining operation at Cayuga Lake has a new access shaft in the works.
With current mining operations nearly seven miles from miner's current access shaft, it takes employees nearly an hour to escape the mine in the case of an emergency.
To address this and provide fresh ventilation, Cargill wants to build a new access point closer to its current operations, saying the construction is "required to safely and productively mine the northern reserves" in its TCIDA application.
Construction hasn't begun because Cargill has gotten tied up in local resistance to the project due to public outcry about the project's lack of extensive environmental review.
Buy Photo Ithaca-Tompkins Regional Airport (Photo: Simon Wheeler / Staff Photo)
1 Culligan Dr.
$2,371,392 budget
Airport Manager Mike Hall said he anticipates construction will begin in Spring 2018 and be completed in approximately 90 days.
After receiving more than $2 million in Federal Aviation Administration grants, the Ithaca-Tompkins Regional Airport is planning two major construction projects.
One grant, totaling $870,763, will help to fund a project to build a passenger boarding bridge, according to the airport. The second grant of over $1.5 million will help the airport “rehabilitate the Airport's General Aviation apron, and install perimeter fencing and apron lighting."
Ninety percent of the cost will be funded through the FAA's grants, and the remaining 10 percent will be funded by the New York Department of Transportation and airport fees.
Airport Manager Mike Hall in a previous interview with The Ithaca Journal called the airport a vital economic driver in the region. Having served over 200,000 passengers, the airport generated nearly $456,000 in sales tax revenue last year according to its site.
Buy Photo The newly redone ALDI market storefront located at 505 Third Street on Oct. 5th. (Photo: Sarah Mearhoff / staff photo)
The renderings for ALDI's expansion on Third Street, as provided by APD Engineering and Architecture to the City of Ithaca's Planning and Development Board on March 21, 2017. (Photo: The City of Ithaca)
505 Third St.
In an email, an ALDI representative said, "As a private company, ALDI doesn't disclose this type of information" regarding the project's budget.
Scheduled Aug. 2017 to Oct. 2017
As part of a nationwide push to freshen up their stores, ALDI gutted and renovated their existing location on Third Street.
"The new look of our store will deliver on our customers' desire for a modern and convenient shopping experience with a focus on fresh items, including more robust produce, dairy and bakery sections," said to Aaron Sumida, the ALDI Tully division vice president via email.
The remodeled store will also utilize recycled materials, energy-efficient refrigerators and LED lighting.
Buy Photo The Tompkins County Old Library site is located at 312 N. Cayuga St. in Ithaca. (Photo: SIMON WHEELER / STAFF PHOTO)
A rendering of DeWitt House, planned for the Old Library site. (Photo: Provided photo)
310-314 N. Cayuga St.
$20,400,000 budget
Frost Travis of Travis Hyde Properties said via email, "We haven't closed on the building, but expect that we will be able to do so before the year is out. Environmental remediation will start after that, then building demolition a bit later with an anticipated construction start of April or May 2018 and completion by the following summer."
After four years of back-and-forth and a final hour of deliberation in the Tompkins County Legislative Chambers on Sept. 6, the Legislature approved the sale of the Old Tompkins County Library for $925,000. The site's new owners, Travis Hyde Properties, will demolish the old library and replace it with senior living facility DeWitt House Associates.
One of three legislators who voted against the reconstruction at September's meeting, Carol Chock said the project did not fit the character of the neighborhood, and wished the site be kept in the hands of the public.
On the other hand, Legislator Anna Kelles said the project "is not perfect," but helps to address Ithaca's pressing housing needs.
The first of the DeWitt building's four floors will hold commercial space and 38 enclosed parking spaces; above floors will hold 58 senior living apartments, as well as a community room managed by nonprofit organization Lifelong.
WHAT THIS REPLACES: Tompkins County's Old Library site
Buy Photo The construction site for the upcoming City Centre, located at 301 E. State St. (Photo: Sarah Mearhoff / staff photo)
The proposed City Centre project on East State Street. (Photo: Provided photo)
301 E. State St.
$32,005,000 budget
Scheduled June 2017 to June 2019
Approved by Ithaca City's Planning and Development Board in January, the massive mixed-use City Centre building began construction in February.
The first of eight floors would feature over 10,000 square-feet of retail space. Below the building, there will be a parking lot with room for 72 parking spaces and bicycle storage.
The second through eighth floors will house 193 studios, one- and two-bedroom "market-rate" apartments. According to the developer's project description, apartments will feature gourmet kitchens, nine-foot ceilings, plank flooring, balconies, full-size washer/dryers, walk-in closets and "incredible views of Cayuga Lake."
WHAT THIS REPLACES: An Elmira Savings Bank branch and several other offices.
Buy Photo The Maplewood Park construction site on Mitchell Street in the Town of Ithaca. (Photo: Matt Steecker / Staff photo)
A preliminary sketch of one of Maplewood's larger residential structures. (Photo: WHITHAM PLANNING AND DESIGN)
East Hill
$80 million budget
Scheduled March 2017 to Aug. 2018
After over a year of consideration, site preparations for the anticipated Maplewood development began late April.
Once the $80 million project is complete, 27 buildings, 442 units and 872 bedrooms will inhabit the 17-acre lot located on Ithaca's East Hill. Just east of Collegetown, the apartments would be mostly occupied by students, according to developers.
Senior Director of Real Estate for Cornell University's Real Estate Department Jeremy Thomas said to The Ithaca Journal in 2016, "We really wanted to take a look at this site to try and figure out ways to add some density in a responsible way that's consistent with the neighborhood and its surroundings."
WHAT THIS REPLACES: Graduate student housing.
A rendering of the $10 million project to expand the Ithaca ReUse Center. (Photo: Provided photo)
214 Elmira Rd.
$10,034,412 budget
Scheduled Fall 2018 to Spring 2019
Finger Lakes ReUse, a donation center and secondhand store, proposed to The Ithaca Urban Renewal Agency in March an addition that would more than triple the store's the existing 17,000 square-foot Ithaca location.
Along with the project proposal, the two-year-old shop requested $100,000 from the IURA's $2 million allotment from the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development block grant entitlement program.
The project would include an additional 6,500 square-feet of retail space, an equal amount of office space to be shared with another nonprofit, and additional outdoor processing space.
ReUse has also proposed that even more space be constructed to offer homeless supportive housing, provided through Tompkins Community Action. Residents of this space could work in ReUse's retail store.
Follow @sarah_mearhoff on Twitter.
Read or Share this story: http://ithacajr.nl/2ksAYNG
The Block (1.546 million national viewers), This Time Next Year (1.376 million and the feel good of 2017, beating True Stories, which is on tonight) and solid performances by the news from 6pm to 7pm and A Current Affairs –– the night was Nine's.
Seven and Ten were weak, again. Ten's Survivor, 846,000 national viewers (ruined the lead-in audience for Have You Been Paying Attention, watched by 885,000, which was the metro audience when MasterChef was the lead-in). Seven's Hell's Kitchen averaged 943,000 national viewers, and there were shots of Marco Pierre White looking over his flock as they did whatever they were doing outside and thinking, “Only so many days left and my money is in my bank account”.
The ABC's Q&A should have had a good night last night — Barnaby Joyce's NZ adventure, same-sex marriage, both on the pubic agenda, and yet it could only manage 590,000 national viewers and just 401,000 in the metros — fading as we watch.
In regional markets, while Seven News with 636,000 and Seven News/Today Tonight with 531,000 were one and two, and Home and Away was fourth with 468,000, The Block was third with 478,000 and This Time Next Year was fifth. Those two programs dominated from 7.30pm to 9.50pm, and that was the night.
Network channel share:
Nine (29.7%) Seven (27.5%) Ten (18.5%) ABC (17.7%) SBS (6.6%)
Network main channels:
Nine (23.6%) Seven (18.0%) ABC (12.9%) Ten (12.5%) SBS ONE (4.9%)
Top 5 digital channels:
7TWO (4.3%) ONE (3.5%) 7mate (3.0%) ABC 2 (2.9%) GO, Eleven (2.4%)
Top 10 national programs:
Seven News — 1.694 million The Block (Nine) — 1.546 million Seven News/Today Tonight — 1.543 million Nine/NBN News — 1.445 million Nine/NBN News — 1.400 million This Time Next Year (Nine) — 1.376 million A Current Affair (Nine) — 1.293 million Home and Away (Seven) — 1.230 million ABC News — 1.137 million The Chase Australia 5.30pm (Seven) — 1.043 million
Top metro programs:
Nine News 6.30 — 1.114 million Nine News — 1.082 million The Block (Nine) — 1.068 million Seven News — 1.059 million Seven News/Today Tonight — 1.012 million
Losers: Seven and Ten, again
Metro news and current affairs:
Nine News (6.30pm) — 1.114 million Nine News — 1.082 million Seven News — 1.059 million Seven News/Today Tonight — 1.012 million A Current Affair (Nine) – 937,000 7pm ABC News – 755,000 7.30 (ABC) — 687,000 Australian Story (ABC) — 653,000 The Project 7pm (Ten) — 609,000 Four Corners (ABC) — 558,000
Morning (National) TV:
Sunrise (Seven) – 477,000 Today (Nine) – 413,000 News Breakfast (ABC, 172,000 + 93,000 on ABC News) — 265,000 The Morning Show (Seven) — 211,000 Today Extra (Nine) — 193,000 Studios 10 (Ten) — 123,000
Top five pay TV channels:
Showcase (4.2%) TVHITS (2.6%) Fox8 (1.8%) Sky News (1.7%) Foxtel Movies More (1.5%)
Top five pay TV programs:
Game of Thrones (showcase) — 457,000 Game of Thrones (showcase) — 254,000 AFL: 360 (Fox Footy) —113,000 Monday Night With Matty Johns (Fox League) — 80,000 AFL: On The Couch (Fox Footy) — 73,000
*Data © OzTAM Pty Limited 2013. The data may not be reproduced, published or communicated (electronically or in hard copy) in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of OzTAM. (All shares on the basis of combined overnight 6pm to midnight all people.) and network reports.
COPENHAGEN, Denmark (AP) — Voters in Greenland are going to the polls in a parliamentary election that has featured discussion on what the sparsely populated Arctic island needs to do to become independent from Denmark.
Residents of the semi-independent Danish territory harbor hopes of independence, but know the economy, which depends mainly on fisheries, needs to improve.
Another debated issue in the election for the 31-seat parliament is upgrading three airports to allow international flights land in Greenland and therefore increase tourism.
Prime Minister Kim Kielsen's center-left Siumut party said during the campaign that English, not Danish, should be taught as a second language in schools to allow the island's 56,000 inhabitants become more international.
Recent polls have Kielsen's party neck-and-neck with the left-leaning Inuit Ataqatigiit. They are likely to form a governing coalition.
The launch of a pupil parliament has scooped a teacher a top award.
Amy Duke, who leads year 6 classes at the Ribbon School in Murton, has been become a gold standard accredited UK Parliament Teacher Ambassador award in recognition of the work she has done to educate the next generation about how democracy works.
We are so proud of Miss Duke. Ashleigh Sheridan
Now the youngsters are preparing to visit the House of Parliament for themselves next month as part of a visit to the capital.
It comes after they took part in a project which saw the school dissolve its school council and elect members to its own parliament and lords - with headteacher Ashleigh Sheridan its monarch.
Mrs Sheridan said: “We have been looking at the role of parliament and how we can relate that to what goes on in school, democracy and how we can promote that.
“It's helped them understand how it operates in school and how decisions are made and how everybody can have their say, as well as what we have here in school is replicated on a different basis elsewhere. “We are so proud of Miss Duke.
“She was absolutely thrilled and has been putting in a lot of hard work into this.
“We mentioned it on Facebook and a lot of our parents left really positive comments.”
Now Miss Duke, who has also been sharing information with her colleagues at the Barnes Road School, is to act as a mentor to other teachers on the programme and will be visiting Westminster in July when she shares her experiences and advice with others following in her footsteps.
In the meantime, a visit to the House of Parliament has been arranged with the help of Easington MP Grahame Morris.
Lord Shipley, a Liberal Democrat peer, is to also visit the school to talk to children about his career and answer questions.
SAN FRANCISCO (KGTV) -- A California assemblyman from San Francisco wants to end tax breaks for companies that contract or subcontract the proposed border wall along the U.S.-Mexico border.
Democratic Assemblyman Phil Ting said 375 companies are interested in the opportunity to work on the wall while 73 percent of Californians are opposed to the project.
According to Ting, California is home to 2.7 million undocumented immigrants who make up 10 percent of the workforce.
Assembly Bill 2355 would prohibit companies that contract to build the wall from benefiting from the tax exemptions listed below:
He has spearheaded the reform effort, and is reshaping the power dynamic in the kingdom and the entire region. But his nobler pretensions have been muted by his outsize spending habits, as well as a roundup of billionaires, princes and other officials tied to previous governments. The government is said to have used coercion and physical abuse to seize billions of dollars from the detainees, who were initially held at the Ritz Carlton in Riyadh.
The prince's motives were again called into question two weeks ago, when Saudi authorities detained activists who had pushed for the right for women to drive, even though the kingdom gave in to the campaign.
SCL's work was shrouded in secrecy, but one former analyst at the company, James Lovell, who listed the Saudi project on his LinkedIn profile, said he “analysed focus group data, contributed to presentations and wrote reports for a research project on economic reform in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.” A project manager at Cambridge Analytica, Alexandra Wicksell, wrote in her profile on the same site that the work was “focused on developing the national reform initiative for the country's drive to diversify its economy away from its oil dependency.”
Others who saw the work described it less benignly.
One Western consultant, who was not involved in the project but who viewed SCL's report, referred to the firm's finding as “Machiavellian,” calling it a manual for the royals to manage popular sentiment by figuring out where they should loosen their grip. The consultant said the report used dozens of focus groups to examine levels of frustration and satisfaction, as well as the legitimacy of the royal family and the political structure, and showed there was widespread discontent.
The consultant's account was consistent with that of a former employee at SCL. The company's work, said the former employee, was aimed at conducting a behavioral analysis of the population and then creating strategies to keep the government viable in an era of declining oil prices.
A company executive referred to the work as advancing human rights but declined to comment further. The Saudi government declined to comment.
Officials say underwater photos show two electric cables were severed in what Michigan's attorney general says was a tugboat anchor strike in the waterway that connects Lake Huron and Lake Michigan.
An investigative team led by the U.S. Coast Guard said Tuesday a remotely controlled vehicle had obtained images of the damage site beneath the Straits of Mackinac. The two severed cables were among six owned by American Transmission Co. that are stretched along the lake floor.
Officials said with the visual assessment finished, the company and its contractors plan to cap the ends of the damaged cables to prevent more pollution. About 600 gallons (2,270 liters) of mineral oil insulation fluid spilled into the water when the cables were struck April 1.
Crews have removed about 590 gallons (2,230 liters) that didn't leak.
A Kenyan court on Wednesday released seven doctors who are officials in the medics' union and who were jailed earlier this week for not calling off a strike by doctors working in public hospitals and other institutions.
About 1,000 doctors outside the court celebrated the officials' release and held a peaceful march to Parliament and Nairobi's Freedom Park. More than 5,000 doctors from public hospitals are on strike for a 180 percent pay raise and to protest Kenya's dilapidated health care system.
At least a dozen people have died due to lack of medical care since the strike started early December over the government's fail to implement a collective bargaining agreement it agreed upon in 2013.
The decision to free the seven was made by three judges of the appellate court. Health minister Dr. Cleopa Mailu told the Senate committee for health that he supported their release to encourage negotiations to end the strike.
Pressure had been mounting on government after the seven doctors were jailed Monday. A peaceful vigil by their colleagues was dispersed by paramilitary police. Doctors from private hospitals protested the imprisonment of the seven by calling a 48-hour strike that started Wednesday and has paralyzed Kenya's health care. The Kenya Medical Association de-registered the health minister and the principal secretary in the health ministry for a year for "disgracing the organization."
In addition to the pay increase, doctors say they want government to restore the dilapidated public health facilities, ensure continuous training of and hiring of doctors to address a huge shortage of doctors. Currently doctors, who train for six years in university, earn a basic salary $400-$850 similar to some policemen who it takes six months to train.
MAPFRE - Click image for a larger image
While MAPFRE started well and extended away for the win, there was a real battle for second place between Team Brunel, with America's Cup winner Peter Burling on the helm, and team AkzoNobel.
The pair switched places time and again on the first three laps of the course, before Burling and Brunel extended slightly on the last upwind leg to gain some comfort on the final run to the finish.
Scallywag, who were third at the first top mark, fell to Brunel on the first run and then had fourth place to themselves the rest of the way.
Meanwhile, Dongfeng Race Team was making every effort to pick up at least one position before the finish.
The gap with Turn the Tide on Plastic narrowed on each leg, but in the end, Dee Caffari was able to hold off the late charge and secure fifth place, leaving Dongfeng in sixth.
The Volvo Race fleet will depart Guangzhou on Monday for Auckland, with a short stop scheduled in Hong Kong before a re-start on Wednesday 7 February at 13:00 local time (05:00 UTC).
Volvo Ocean Race In-Port Race Series Leaderboard
MAPFRE – 32 points
Dongfeng Race Team – 27 points
Team Brunel – 23 points
team AkzoNobel – 21 points
Sun Hung Kai / Scallywag – 13 points
Vestas 11th Hour Racing – 12 points
Turn the Tide on Plastic – 10 points
Follow Sailweb on Facebook - Click here
Follow Sailweb on Twitter - Click here
G New
3 February 2018 8:32 GMT
Shakespeare with tentacles, teenage sex, dead bodies galore, and nerf guns. Yup, you heard right. Hamlet: The Video Game (The Stage Show) is on now at The Court Theatre until June 24, and it is nothing like the Shakespeare you learnt at school.
Kathleen Burns is one of the cast, and we had a chance to ask her some questions about Hamlet, gaming, and this show.
Shakespeare! Guns! Gaming! Kicking ass! Hamlet: The Video Game (The Stage Show) at The Court Theatre sounds awesome! Thanks for chatting to us about it – it sounds like a really interesting mix of everything.
Before we start, let's play ‘Two truths, one lie' to get to know you. What are two interesting facts about yourself? And what about one thing that's not true? We'll see if we can guess which one's the lie.*
1: I am really good at saying the alphabet backwards super fast. 2: When I was a girl, I had webbed fingers and had to get them surgically un-webbed. 3: I can't click my fingers.
That first one's an impressive skill - I hope you've found some way to get that into one of your shows! Now that's out the way, on to the important stuff. Old Will Shakespeare. We had to study one of his plays each year at high school. I think I just about died of boredom watching every girl in my class act out Romeo's death in a Yr 11 English assessment - do you know just how long a 16-year-old can drag out a death scene?! It was painful!
What about you? Did you have to suffer through the plays in English class or did you actually enjoy learning about the Bard?
At first it was totally daunting... like... what are all these people on about...? But, I had good English teachers who broke it down. It's actually super easy... this person wants to kill that person, this person wants to sleep with that person... Also I often got asked to read it out loud, and you know... any chance to be centred of attention haha!
What about now? Have your thoughts on him changed, or do you still feel the same way?
The older I get, the more I either love or hate it. Like... “Yay! Titus Andronicus is so cool! Let's put people in pies!” or “OH EM GEE Hamlet is so annoying, I wish he would just make up his mind...”
So ... Hamlet: The Video Game (The Stage Show). That's quite a mouthful! I looked it up on The Court's website, and the description for the show was:
“Rebooting the story of Hamlet as a video game, this show blends Shakespeare with modern gaming culture to create a uniquely entertaining live experience. You've never seen the Bard this bad-ass!"
What does that actually mean? Most people would say video games and 17th century plays don't really go together. What exactly are we going to see when we go see Hamlet: The Video Game?
Are you kidding me? Shakespeare and video games are pretty much the same thing. Bloodthirsty violence, revenge, high body count, teenage sex... all of the fun stuff. In this show you can expect to see an epic nerf gun battle, an abundance of gaming jokes, and hearts torn out of chests both literally and figuratively.
So it's not going to be an old guy standing alone on a dark stage talking to a skull in Ye Olde English that we're not going to understand? Phew!
Hamlet: The Video Game (The Stage Show) got shown for the first time back in 2015. It obviously did well to come back for a second go, so who is the show *actually* for? Usually people who go and see plays are not the people who'll spend time playing computer games, so where did the decision to merge classical theatre and gaming come from? And who's the target audience?
The idea came about from Simon Peacock, who started as a court jester here in Christchurch but now works in the video game industry in Canada. He directed the voices on one of my favourite games: Assassin's Creed! This show is totally for gamers. I mean yeah, Shakespeare lovers are loving it too... but it so so packed full of jokes for gamers.
In video games, the gamer is in charge of choosing what their avatar is going to do next, or where they're going to go, and that happens in this show too, right? So it's kind of like a choose-your-own-adventure version of Hamlet! That's pretty cool.
Hahahaha no. It's not a pick-a-path. Any experienced gamer will tell you that video games only offer the illusion of choice. At its heart, it's the story of Shakespeare's Hamlet. But with video game tropes over top, like, at the start, the audience get to customize their Hamlet character. So far the mohawk has been really popular. But can you please come along and choose the beret for once??? It looks kick ass and the audience hasn't chosen that one yet!
Got it. Always choose the beret.
Back in the day, girls and women weren't allowed to act in old Will's plays – apparently boys and men did a better job of playing the female characters than actual females did. That's pretty dumb, I reckon, but I guess that was just the way society was back then. There's a real live female actor in this show though, right? Playing a real live female character? Does she get to do really cool stuff, or is she stuck at home doing embroidery and cooking and looking after the kids? Of course, if a female wants to stay in and do sewing, she totally can – you be you, girl, and do what makes you happy! Anyways – what are the girls up to in Hamlet?
Well actually it's funny you mention that because.... I am totally a girl. Yip. Boobs and everything. And I'm a gamer too. (Pause for shocked silence) The most domestic thing any of the female characters get up to in this is when Gertrude in her bed chamber brushing her tentacles. Yip, that's right, her mighty tentacles that come out of her head. When she's not doing that, she's kicking ass.
Shakespeare and the tentacles. Not a sentence I thought I'd be writing, but there it goes.
Lots of schools use Hamlet as one of their English texts. How close is this play to the actual Hamlet play? If I go see it will I be able to write about it in my NCEA exams?
It would actually totally help you to understand the basic story of Hamlet... I wish I had something like this when I was in high school!
All right, so you must have thought about this – if Hamlet actually got released as a video game, who would you choose to voice the characters? And why?
I will voice them all. With a million different hilarious voices. And maybe some voice changing technology to make my voice sound deep and evil for Claudius.
Right ... you did say you wanted to be centred of attention at school. I guess some things don't change.
How many of the folks involved in this show are actually gamers? And what's the fave game at the moment? Although I bet they're all pretty busy at the moment making sure this is finished and ready for the audience.
All of us are either current gamers, or have been at some point in our lives. Personally, I'm looking forward to playing Andromeda because I'm a huge Mass Effect fan!
So... Hamlet: The Video Game (The Stage Show) is at The Court Theatre until June 24. It sounds like it's going to be an amazing show to watch and should have something for everyone.
We've opened already! Only a week and a half left, so get in quick!
Thanks for chatting with us, Kathleen – have you got any last words for people out there trying to decide if this show's for them?
It's for you. If you come to the show, and then are like “maybe that wasn't for me”, I will personally come into the foyer and admit to your face that I was wrong. (THIS HAS NEVER HAPPENED)
So there you have it, folks - Hamlet: The Video Game (The Stage Show) is for everyone. If you love Shakespeare but don't game, or play video games but aren't a fan of the Bard, or love Shakespeare AND gaming, go see it - it's only $26, and it's Shakespeare and tentacles. What's not to love?!
* Oh, and in case you were wondering: the lie was ... number 2.
Images supplied by the Court Theatre.
Kōrerorero mai - Join the conversation.
Standing before the austere modernist clock tower of Elizabeth, South Australia, Marilyn Baker, several times mayor of the city and one of its greatest champions, admonished me for the third time:
"You will write good things about us, won't you?"
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
THE Livestock and Rural Transport Association of WA (LRTAWA) is refusing to roll over on the State's fatigue regime and rejects suggestions that WA truck drivers were less safe than their Eastern States counterparts.
The LRTAWA rejected comments from Toll managing director Michael Byrne, who wrote to Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull late last year outlining a six-point plan for the national transport industry.
In his letter, Mr Byrne called on the federal government to engage with WA and the Northern Territory to sign up to the Heavy Vehicle National Law.
While the LRTAWA was willing to consider signing up to the national regulations there were concerns relating to administration deficiencies of the national body experienced by drivers in other States, as well as a different operating environment in WA that needed to be taken into account.
LRTAWA president Stephen Marley said one of the most important aspects of WA's system was that it focused on rest, not on counting hours.
“It provides drivers with the flexibility to rest when necessary not when the log book tells them to,” Mr Marley said.
“This flexibility is one of the main reasons, among others, why WA transporters do not want to sign up to the national system.”
He said it was a “myth that under WA's fatigue laws a driver could drive for 17 hours straight”.
“WA's Fatigue Management Code of Practice makes it very clear that the limits on the number of hours that can be worked in a 14 or 28-day period mean it is not possible to work 17-hour days,” Mr Marley said.
“Importantly a driver cannot drive for more than five hours without stopping the vehicle and there is scope for other breaks within the five-hour window.
“Under the national Advanced Fatigue Management system, which Mr Byrne says we should join, it is possible to drive for 16.5 hours.
“It is irresponsible to mislead the general public about WA's commercial driving fatigue management.
Mr Marley agreed with Mr Byrne's comments that there needed to be an investigation into how other drivers behaved around trucks.
The assassination of Kim Jong Nam is presumed to have been based on North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's “paranoia” about his half-brother, according to South Korea's top spy agency. Kim Jong Nam was poisoned to death by two Asian women at Malaysia's Kuala Lumpur International Airport on Tuesday.
Public reactions in Seoul are of shock and horror, if not amazement.
“We all know how brutal and psychotic Kim Jong-un is, but news every hour has been more like a spy movie,” said Park Choon Ho, a 60-year-old taxi driver.
“Kim Jong-un is cruel and cold-blooded but this [assassination] only shows how insecure his political power stands,” noted Kim Do Yeon, a college student.
Getting rid of the eldest son of the late Kim Jong Il has been a long “standing order” from Pyongyang, said South Korea's national intelligence chief Lee Byung Ho at a briefing to the National Assembly.
North Korean agents had actually attempted to assassinate Kim in early 2012, which led Kim to write a letter to his younger half brother, asking for mercy for him and his family.
“I ask for you to cancel the punishment order on me and my family. We have nowhere to go and nowhere to hide. We clearly know that the only way to run away is to commit suicide,” the letter said.
Kim Jong Nam's first legitimate wife and eldest son, Kim Han Sol, are residing in Beijing. His second wife and their son and daughter have been living in Macao. The family members are under protection by the Chinese government, the spy agency confirmed.
The South Korean government has doubled the number of security guards protecting North Korean defectors who have held senior political positions in Pyongyang.
The national military also announced plans to spread the news to North Korean residents who are completely blinded from outside information by resuming news broadcasts on dozens of loudspeakers facing the North along the inter-Korean border.
CCTV footage from the domestic check-in area at the airport showed two young Asian women approaching Kim. One woman was wearing a white T-shirt emblazoned with the block letters “LOL.” Jong Nam had complained to a ground attendant that someone had covered his nose and mouth with a piece of cloth and that his eyes burned. He died in the ambulance on the way to the hospital. Police in Malaysia have arrested an alleged 29-year-old female secret agent traveling on Vietnamese documents.
An autopsy of Kim Jong Nam's body has been completed at a morgue in the presence of the North Korean ambassador to Malaysia, Kang Chol, but the results are still unknown.
ABC News' Hong Yoo, from Seoul, and Maureen Jeyasooriar, from Kuala Lumpur, contributed to this report.
There are a few other minor upgrades, too, including an improved interface that groups recorded episodes into show folders and the option to record straight from a franchise's front page. This comes weeks after their last UX upgrade that introduced a streaming service-standard grid layout and improved algorithms to serve up trending content.
With live TV getting more and more crowded with YouTube TV, Hulu (which recently added live television) and AT&T's DirecTV Now, Sling TV has focused on improving its standout DVR features. Back in April, it expanded its $5 for 50GB "First Look" offer to Apple TV, Android and Roku owners. But crucially, Sling TV now lets you protect content forever (or until you stop subscribing): As TechCrunch points out, PlayStation Vue only saves shows 28 days past air date, while YouTube TV holds them for 9 months
US President Donald Trump will host Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and is expected to express a desire to help broker an Israeli-Palestinian solution (AFP Photo/GALI TIBBON)
Washington (AFP) - The White House signaled a sharp break with decades of support for a two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, on the eve of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's visit to the White House.
A senior White House official said the United States would no longer seek to dictate the terms of any eventual peace settlement, but would support what the two sides agree to together.
"A two-state solution that doesn't bring peace is not a goal that anybody wants to achieve," the official said on condition of anonymity.
"Peace is the goal, whether that comes in the form of a two-state solution if that's what the parties want, or something else if that's what the parties want."
"That's going to be up to them, we are not going to dictate what the terms of peace are going to be," said the official.
"This does not make sense," Palestine Liberation Organisation executive committee member Hanan Ashrawi told AFP. "This is not a responsible policy and it does not serve the cause of peace."
President Trump hosts Netanyahu at the White House on Wednesday, and is expected to express his desire to help broker a solution to the conflict.
He has already tapped son-in-law Jared Kushner and lawyer Jason Greenblatt to lead his peace drive.
But major questions remain about how Trump will achieve that goal.
For the better part of half a century, successive US governments -- both Republican and Democrat -- have backed a two-state solution. It was the basis of peace talks at Oslo and Camp David.
But since coming to office in late January, Trump has sought to show that the United States is an unwavering ally of Israel and tried to draw a contrast with the policies of President Barack Obama.
Netanyahu won re-election in 2015 by insisting he would not accept the creation of a Palestinian state, a vow that considerably soured relations with the Obama White House.
Obama often warned that Israeli settlement construction could make a two-state solution impossible, and that a one state solution would put the future of the Jewish state in question.
Trump has shied away from criticizing Netanyahu's settlement policies as an impediment to peace, instead offering Israel some scope to build on land already under development.
"The construction of new settlements or the expansion of existing settlements beyond their current borders may not be helpful in achieving that goal," the White House said in a statement earlier this month.
Saeb Erakat, a senior Palestinian official, said it was not enough for Trump to say settlements were "unhelpful" but he must order an end to new building.
- Friendly visit -
Netanyahu arrived in Washington on Monday, dined with US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson on Tuesday and after his White House talks with Trump on Wednesday will meet lawmakers.
Aside from winning support for policies that will help him at home, the Israeli leader will also want to get the measure of Trump's appetite for better relations with Russia.
Trump has signaled his willingness to work with Russia to defeat the Islamic State group in Syria.
That could de facto mean furthering the goals of Russian allies Bashar al-Assad and Iran.
Israel sees Iran and its Lebanese ally the Hezbollah militia as its greatest existential threat, a view shared by the leaders of the main Sunni Arab states of the region.
Dennis Ross, a US diplomat who worked on Middle East policy under both Republican and Democratic administrations, said Netanyahu's diplomatic goals would at first be modest.
Israel wouldn't oppose a rapprochement with Moscow in itself, but would urge Washington to use this as leverage to push Russia away from Iran.
"What he'd like to see is a distancing of Russia from Iran within Syria, maybe more of a move towards Turkey and less towards Iran in Syria," Ross told reporters on Monday.
Trump appears to have back-pedaled on a campaign threat to tear up Obama's Iran nuclear deal, which Israel bitterly opposed, but his administration has "put Iran on notice."
This appears to mean a more robust stance against military provocations and a determination to impose tough sanctions on Iran's missile program and covert support for militants.
Observers expect Trump and Netanyahu to get on well in public. Both have much to gain politically from marking a clean break from the Obama years.
But, personal chemistry aside, the pair will only make the relationship a success if it overcomes the disagreement that poisoned ties under Obama.
Greg Palast exposes the GOP's suppression of the vote in this investigative documentary! Donate to order this gift now!
By Abby Hassler
Beyoncé and Jay-Z rule the musical world and are one the most famous couples on earth. Though the two have collaborated on multiple tracks, you've never heard them together quite like this.
Related: Beyoncé in Labor?
A 19-year-old producer, Amorphous, created a project he calls Bey-Z, which takes instrumentals from Jay-Z's musical catalog and infuses them with Beyoncé's killer vocals. The results are magical.
“I was playing one of Jay's tracks in the car,” Aamorphous told Complex, “and I started to sing ‘Formation' over the beat. I immediately rushed home as I knew that I had something interesting on my hands and got to working. I completed it in several minutes, adding some small production elements of my own… I [tried] to find songs that worked together lyrically in some aspects but truly complimented each other.”
Listen to a preview of “Bey-Z” below and check out the whole thing on Bandcamp.
Sunderland supporters - and players - were delighted with the performance of their team in a 2-2 draw with Liverpool today.
After a humiliating 4-1 defeat at Burnley on New Year's Eve, the Black Cats restored some pride with a battling effort against the Reds.
Here's what the fans - and injured striker Victor Anichebe - had to say on Twitter:
Good point. But frustrated we missed 1 or 2 golden chances & kept Liverpool out from openplay but conceded 2 set piece goals! #safc - @Androo_Wilson
We're a pretty decent team at home these days all things considered. #safc - @SAFC1879_
Fantastic result today. Not many will have seen that coming. Can't believe that was the same team that got trounced at Burnley! #SAFC - @GavSpens6
I'd have taken a point today with a full squad, considering who we have missing, it's a cracking result. #SAFC - @S23AN
Excellent point today for the lads against a good #LFC side. Never gave up despite going behind twice - great performance #SAFC - @TheSilentPlanet
Fully deserved point, a million miles away from the performance against Burnley #SAFC - @76skelly
Special praise was also reserved for striker Defoe, who once again showed why he is so vital to this Sunderland side, while the midfield duo of Didier Ndong and Jack Rodwell also earned some appreciation from the Black Cats' faithful:
If #Defoe played for a stronger club than #SAFC he'd be the 1st name on the @England call-up list. Man is ice-cold under pressure. #class - @ZakStainbank93
Spirited team performance by #SAFC . Thought N Dong was exceptional today and I think Rodwell deserves praise too. Defoe is god. - @sportmad72
Not entertaining any other opinion other than Ndong for man of the match today. Outstanding defensively & good influence going forward #SAFC - @RoryFallow
Get in lads, good performance today, Defoe as lethal as ever and could have got a hat trick, need to try and get some consistency now! #SAFC - @safcmadmike
100% better effort than the Burnley game and that's all you ask for. Ndong best game today #SAFC - @plastererwayne1
Ndong was key today. Won the 1st pen and made about 10 interceptions. Everyone put a shift in and ground out the result #SUNLIV #SAFC - @jlambert55
#safc different team today - effort, desire, commitment. Everything you need to stay up - @iamsmythy
Such a better performance from safc today. I have a little hope again. Thanks lads - @simon_coxon
Absolutely brilliant point for #SAFC. Battled all the way against bloody good side and never let heads drop. Tremendous - @Capt_Fishpaste
But the final word goes to Anichebe:
Massive character shown by the boys today to come back twice against a very good side! @IAmJermainDefoe at it again - @VictorAnichebe
Ford Bets $1B on Startup Founded by Waymo, Uber Vets
Ford Motor is spending $1 billion to take over a budding robotics startup to acquire more expertise needed to reach its ambitious goal of having a fully driverless vehicle on the road by 2021.
The big bet announced Friday comes just a few months after the Pittsburgh startup, Argo AI, was created by two alumni of Carnegie Mellon University's robotics program, Bryan Salesky and Peter Rander.
The alliance between Argo and Ford is the latest to combine the spunk and dexterity of a technologically savvy startup with the financial muscle and manufacturing knowhow of a major automaker in the race to develop autonomous vehicles. Last year rival General Motors paid $581 million to buy Cruise Automation, a 40-person software company that is testing vehicles in San Francisco.
The Argo deal marks the next step in Ford's journey toward building a vehicle without a steering wheel or brake pedal by 2021 -- a vision that CEO Mark Fields laid out last summer.
The big-ticket deal for the newly-minted company clearly was aimed at getting Salesky and Rande. Salesky formerly worked on self-driving cars at a high-profile project within Google -- now known as Waymo -- and Rander did the same kind of engineering at ride-hailing service Uber before the two men teamed to launch Argo late last year.
"When talent like that comes up, you don't ignore that ability," said Raj Nair, who doubles as Ford's chief technical officer and product development head.
The two will develop the core technology of Ford's autonomous vehicle -- the "virtual driver" system, which Nair described as the car's "brains, eyes, ears and senses."
The decision to turn to Argo for help is a tacit acknowledgement that Ford needed more talent to deliver on Fields' 2021 promise, said one expert familiar with Salesky and Rande.
"This is likely a realization that Ford is behind relative to companies like GM, Audi, Volvo, Waymo and Uber, and is trying to catch up," said Raj Rajkumar, a Carnegie Mellon computer engineering professor who leads the school's autonomous vehicle research.
Salesky said Argo expects to have 200 workers by the end of the year. Argo employees will be given stock in the subsidiary as part of their compensation packages so they will be enriched if Argo's technology becomes a hot commodity.
The equity should set Argo apart from other companies in recruiting scarce tech workers. "There's a war for talent out there," Fields said.
By joining with Ford, Argo gets strong capital backing and expertise on other components needed to run autonomous cars, as well as product development and manufacturing knowledge, Salesky said. In return for its funding, Argo will design its driverless system exclusively for Ford and then have a chance to license the technology to other automakers in the future.
Competitors such as NVIDIA have developed artificial intelligence that learns about different situations as it's tested on roads, something that is almost essential for an autonomous car to function in heavy traffic on city streets.
Ford isn't just racing General Motors and other automakers to gain robotics experience. Uber bought autonomous trucking startup Otto for an estimated $680 million last summer primarily to get Otto's engineers on its team working on driverless vehicles. Otto co-founder Anthony Levandowski, another former Google engineer, is now overseeing Uber's testing of driverless cars in Pittsburgh and Arizona.
Image Credit: Logo and auto images by Ford.
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
6 people seriously injured in Zambia-Malawi bus accident
Six people have sustained serious injuries while 53 others suffered minor ones in an accident that occurred along Great East Road in Chonge involving a Chipata-bound Zambia-Malawi bus,
Police spokesperson Esther Mwaata-Katongo has confirmed in a statement today that the accident happened in the early hours of today after the driver of the bus failed to negotiate a curve due to excessive speed.
Mwaata-Katongo said three of the seriously injured were rushed to UTH while another three were taken to Levy Mwanawasa Hospital.
“We received a report of serious accident which occurred on Great East Road at Chitemalesa area at around 05:30 hours involving male Kombe Kalonga of Lusaka driving a Zambia -Malawi bus registration number 1972 from west to east, carrying 62 passengers of which 53 suffered slight injuries and were being treated at Chongwe Hospital while six sustained serious injuries,” Mwaata-Katongo stated.
“Accident occurred when the driver failed to negotiate a curve due to excessive speed, lost control of the motor vehicle and overturned. No death was recorded.”
During a total solar eclipse in 1869, two American scientists, Charles Augustus Young and William Harkness, independently observed an unexpected faint green line in the corona.
Scientists hypothesized it might be the emission of a new element, which was given the name coronium. It wasn't until the 1930s that researchers realized coronium was not a new element, but rather iron with half of the atom's 26 electrons stripped away.
That finding hinted at ultrahot temperatures on the sun — and at a new mystery.
The lines of color seen on a spectrometer can also be used to measure temperature. The temperature of the surface of the sun is about 10,000 degrees Fahrenheit.
Yet measurements of the corona, begun during a 1932 eclipse, put the temperature there much higher — millions of degrees. Ever since, solar scientists have been puzzling over precisely how the corona gets so hot.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Eclipses have taught scientists much about how our solar system works. But the events have also brought down some firmly held ideas.
Astronomers long ago discovered that Mercury, the innermost planet, wobbled in its orbit more than Newton's laws of motion indicated it ought to. In the 19th century, many thought there must be another little planet inside the orbit of Mercury that was pulling it around. They called it Vulcan.
Various observers reported seeing a small dot cross in front of the sun, and many were convinced. “Vulcan exists, and its existence can no longer be denied or ignored,” The New York Times reported in September 1876.
During the darkness of a total solar eclipse two years later, two astronomers — one stationed in Wyoming, the other in Colorado — separately claimed to have spotted planets within the orbit of Mercury.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
But they were wrong — they probably had seen well-known stars that become visible in the darkness of the eclipse. By the end of the century, most scientists doubted Vulcan was there, and in 1915, Einstein's theory of general relativity provided a plausible explanation for Mercury's wobble: a distortion in space-time caused by the sun.
Einstein's ideas set the stage for the most famous eclipse experiment of all time, in 1919, during which Sir Arthur Eddington observed the bending of starlight around the sun. The findings verified the theory's predictions.
Solar eclipses have been used not just to deduce what is going on in the solar system but also to study Earth.
In 1695, the astronomer Edmund Halley discovered that modern calculations did not quite predict eclipses reported in ancient times. As it turned out, that is because the Earth's spin has been slowing.
Photo
Chinese historical records provided clues needed to figure out how much. In the 4th century B.C., a Chinese philosopher, Mozi, wrote that “the sun rose at night,” describing an epic battle that had occurred about 1,500 years earlier.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
While paging through the text at the University of California, Los Angeles, a couple of decades ago, Kevin D. Pang, a former NASA scientist, realized this was not a poetic account of a fiery combat, but a description of a total eclipse.
The eclipse, which occurred close to sunset, indicated a passage into night, and the re-emergence of the sun was thus a sunrise at night.
More on Reporting on Eclipses
The day and place of the battle were known. Computer simulations determined how much slowing of Earth's rotation rate was needed to make the shadow of an eclipse that occurred that day pass over the battlefield.
If the Earth was spinning faster back then, the day was shorter — by 0.07 of a second.
Eclipses also provide a test of weather models. “We're not normally in a position to turn something off and see what the response is in a nice cause-and-effect sort of way,” said Giles Harrison, a professor of atmospheric physics at the University of Reading in England.
When the sun disappears, temperatures drop and winds calm. Using weather station data from the 1900 eclipse that crossed North America, a meteorologist named H. H. Clayton noticed that the winds also appeared to change direction.
Instagram
All those hoping to catch one of the greatest guitar players of all-time during the joint Chic and Earth, Wind & Fire concert in Toronto on Sunday night were unfortunately disappointed. Nile Rodgers was forced to miss the gig, for what he claimed is the first time in his storied career, after being hospitalized for an undisclosed reason. The 64-year old, who was recently inducted into the Rock And Roll Hall Of Fame, took to Twitter to express his disappointment at not being able to play.
Thank you all so much. I love @EarthWindFire @CHICorg all the #fans and my doctors who are taking great care of me. See you all very soon https://t.co/6dl5EFXbza — Nile Rodgers (@nilerodgers) August 14, 2017
He also revealed that he actually tried to make an escape, but was discovered and taken back.
Thanks Johnny. I've never missed one gig in my life… well, it's been that way till now. The Dr. caught me trying to sneak out. #LOVE https://t.co/51S6KBRcKs — Nile Rodgers (@nilerodgers) August 14, 2017
Six years ago, Rodgers was diagnosed with prostate cancer and battled against it fiercely until finally being given a medical clearing from his doctors in 2014. He shared that news during a performance at the Glastonbury festival in the U.K. “My doctors told me I was suffering from extremely aggressive cancer and that I needed to go home and get my affairs in order…Well, I happened to get a phone call from two French guys called Daft Punk and a gentleman named Pharrell Williams and we got together and wrote this song called ‘Get Lucky,'” Rodgers told the crowd. “And I feel like the luckiest man in the world tonight because six years after that doctor told me to go home and get my affairs in order, today, six years later, I am cancer-free!”
Nile Rodgers is in hospital tonight. Lights are for him pic.twitter.com/phzwhbs0Uk — cARL BARNeY (@yablowza) August 14, 2017
Sadly, Rodgers wasn't the only iconic musician of note to be hospitalized recently. Country music icon Willie Nelson was also admitted over the weekend after a gig in Salt Lake City due to shortness of breath. From his subsequent Twitter message, which blamed the cause of his ailment on the high altitude, he looks to be okay.
Walk down the aisle of your local pharmacy or grocery store and you'll be bombarded by a dizzying array of bleaching products, from gels and strips to paint-on bleach.
Cosmetic tooth bleaching is a $3.2 billion global industry, according to market analysts, and it's getting bigger fast. It's easy to see why. Strikingly white, bright smiles dominate TV and social media, and people tend to prefer the bright teeth of youth rather than those that have been yellowed by trauma or age.
But if you decide that you, too, want a brighter smile, it's hard to know where to start.
"I'm a dentist, but I'm also a consumer and I can certainly get confused by all the products," says Ruchi Sahota who practices in Fremont, Calif. A colleague of hers describes the tooth product aisle in stores as the "dental aisle of confusion," because there are so many options. "You can easily get bewildered standing there trying to figure out which option is the best," she says.
The dilemma isn't helped by regulators. Tooth whitening products don't need approval from the Food and Drug Administration before hitting the market, because the agency considers them "cosmetic," a designation that's much more lightly regulated than drugs. And, the FDA says it has not determined that any ingredients contained in currently marketed products are unsafe.
The American Dental Association does offer some guidance in choosing a bleaching product — its ADA seal of acceptance. "The seal is rooted in science," says chemist Jamie Spomer, director of the ADA's seal of acceptance program; she notes that when a manufacturer applies for the seal, an independent panel of dentists analyzes the company's data and sometimes performs studies of their own.
The seal is a "symbol that an independent panel reviewed and approved the product for its safety and effectiveness," Spomer says. Many toothpastes carry the ADA seal. So far only one over-the-counter-bleaching product does — Crest 3D White Glamorous White Whitestrips.
Even so, Sahota says many over-the-counter products that don't carry the seal can still be effective if used as directed. Most cause some tooth sensitivity during the bleaching process, but that goes away once the process is complete, she says. Depending on which product is used, bleaching can take anywhere from two to six weeks.
And, if you're not careful, Sahota says the products can leak onto the gums, causing inflammation and "extra sensitivity" to pressure, temperature and touch.
A safer but more costly option might be to buy a custom-made tray from your dentist, Sahota says. Unlike the one-size-fits-all trays sold over the counter, a dentist makes the tray "just for you" she says.
The tray hugs the teeth and ensures the gel is kept where it should be and is evenly applied. The kits cost about $400; this at-home whitening process can take up to four weeks, depending on how stained the teeth are to begin with. Generally, the trays are worn for one or two hours a day.
If you want an even faster route, you'll have to pay more. Bleaching in the dental office can run more than $1,000, but results are quick and more dramatic. Dentists use bleaching gels that rely on high concentrations of hydrogen peroxide (up to 40 percent hydrogen peroxide, compared to a 5 to 6 percent concentration in drugstore kits and a 10 to 15 percent solution in the home-kits from dentists).
So the whole process in the dentist's office can take just an hour or two to complete. And because the peroxide concentrations used there are much higher, the results can be many shades lighter than with take-home kits and over-the-counter products.
An important caveat: Insurance companies consider in-office teeth whitening "cosmetic" so the procedures are almost never covered.
Nonetheless, more Americans are opting for in-office whitening. In 2015, in-office bleaching procedures rose 29 percent over the year before, according to an American Academy of Cosmetic Dentistry survey. And there's at least a little evidence that the whiter the smile the more attractive the person – in a 2012 study both men and women said they prefer white teeth when choosing a mate.
But go to the dentist before you start bleaching, says Ada Cooper, a New York City dentist.
"Tooth discoloration can be caused by cavities and other oral problems," she says. "It's more important to maintain healthy teeth."
It's also important to note that not all stains are the same. Some are mostly on the surface of the teeth and come from consuming lots of dark colored liquids like coffee, tea and red wine, as well as foods with vibrant yellow spices like turmeric. The tar and nicotine from cigarettes are also huge culprits. Often surface stains can be diminished by routine brushing, flossing and biannual professional cleaning in the dentist's office.
Unfortunately, there are deeper stains you just can't avoid by being careful about what you eat and drink. These come with aging and years of chewing, which causes millions of tiny cracks in the outer enamel of the tooth. These cracks can fill up with stain. On top of that, the thinning enamel can allow the yellow core of the tooth to become more visible. Grinding teeth at night and brushing too hard can also weaken and thin tooth enamel. Bleaching agents can penetrate these deeper stains and turn the tooth whiter — typically two to seven shades lighter.
There are some discolorations that just can't be bleached away. Trauma to a tooth — such as a chip or break — can also permanently discolor it from the inside, and stains from ingesting the antibiotic tetracycline or large amounts of fluoride are also permanent. In these cases, the only option for whiter teeth is a crown or veneer.
All types of bleaching — whether over-the-counter, take-home kits or in the dental office — are temporary, requiring touch-ups at some point. As for homespun remedies promoted online, in social media and in magazines as being "natural whitening" agents (including charcoal, baking soda or lemon juice), the ADA says there is no evidence these methods work.
The Steer's senior baseball players get one last shot to end their Big Spring basball careers on their own terms tonight versus the #2 ranked Wylie Bulldogs. It's some of these young men's last game at Steer Park, so lets come out in full force to show them our support!
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Latest on political contributions by Steve Wynn, the Las Vegas billionaire accused of sexual misconduct (all times local):
4 p.m.
The chief campaign group for Republican candidates for governor is returning $100,000 to the company run by billionaire Steve Wynn, in the aftermath of allegations the Las Vegas casino mogul sexually harassed several women.
The Republican Governors Association calls the allegations, reported Friday by The Wall Street Journal, "extremely serious."
The group received a contribution of $100,000 from Wynn Resorts in September for the 2018 campaign.
A spokesman says the association is also cancelling a contract to hold its 2020 annual convention at the Wynn Las Vegas resort and will not accept contributions from Wynn Resorts, nor solicit contributions from Wynn, unless the claims against him are proven false.
__
3:40 p.m.
Sen. Ron Johnson is among the Republican senators giving campaign contributions from Las Vegas casino mogul Steve Wynn to charity.
An aide to Johnson says the second-term Wisconsin senator will be donating $5,400 to a domestic abuse victims service in Oshkosh, Wisconsin.
Aides to Republican Sens. Rob Portman of Ohio and Dean Heller of Nevada also said Monday they were each giving $5,400 to charity. Portman, like Johnson, received a contribution in 2016 ahead of his re-election that year. Heller is running for re-election this year.
The announcements come in light of allegations reported Friday by The Wall Street Journal that Wynn, who stepped down Saturday as the Republican National Committee's finance chairman, had sexually harassed and assaulted several women. Wynn has denied the accusations.
__
12:15 p.m.
Nevada Sen. Dean Heller is giving money he received from Las Vegas casino mogul Steve Wynn to charity, as is House Speaker Paul Ryan. Other Republicans have begun doing the same in light of allegations of sexual misconduct by the former Republican National Committee finance chairman.
Wynn, who stepped down as the RNC's finance chairman Saturday, gave Heller $5,400 last year, according to the Federal Election Commission. Heller is seeking re-election this year.
House Speaker Paul Ryan also is giving $1,000 from a Wynn-related business group to a Wisconsin charity, aides confirmed Monday.
Wynn resigned as finance chairman Saturday. The Republican National Committee convenes this week in Washington for its annual winter meeting.
Earlier, Ohio Sen. Rob Portman announced he is giving the $5,400 he received from Wynn in 2016 to a charity aimed at stemming human trafficking in his state.
__
10:57 a.m.
Sen. Rob Portman says he has donated money he received from Las Vegas billionaire Steve Wynn to charities working to stem human sex-trafficking in Ohio.
In a statement Monday to The Associated Press, Portman spokeswoman Emily Benevides says the Ohio Republican "donated the money to a number of charities across Ohio that he's worked closely with."
Wynn resigned as the Republican National Committee's finance chairman Saturday after allegations of sexual misconduct were published Friday in The Wall Street Journal.
Republican Sens. Susan Collins of Maine and Lindsey Graham of South Carolina have urged Republicans who have received money from Wynn to return them.
Portman is among several Republicans in the Senate to receive money from Wynn, a prolific Republican donor over the past decade who has also previously backed Democrats.
.
Swarovski Spotting Scope and Leica HD Binos For Sale
Swarovski STS-80 HD Straight with 20x60 eye piece. $2200.00
Manicotto 700RC2 head $50.00
Manfrotto 243 car window adapter $25.00
Pelican case im2300. $100.00
As a package $2300.00
Leica 12x50 Ultravid HD $2000.00
Will also throw in a FHF bino harness with purchase of binds
Thanks
Rusty Attached Thumbnails - Click to View Larger
Green Cash, Carbon Tax: What To Expect at Macron's Climate Summit
French President Emmanuel Macron is hosting an international summit Tuesday to mark the second anniversary of the Paris climate agreement, hoping to inject the pact with new energy after President Donald Trump announced the U.S. would withdraw from it.
The accord reached two years ago set goals for slowing the rate of climate change by reducing the emissions that contribute to melting Arctic ice, increasing sea levels and changing weather patterns across the globe.
While some critics have questioned whether the summit will accomplish more than drawing attention to France's media-savvy president, celebrities, corporations, environmental groups and others are preparing to make a string of announcements there.
The issues expected to come up at the event range from research to corporate pledges.
Green Cash
Poor countries are waiting to hear how the United Nations' goal of raising $100 billion dollars for climate-related measures will be achieved by 2020.
The target was set in 2009, but commitments so far from rich nations only will cover about two-thirds of the fund.
The money is intended to help developing countries invest in green energy projects and avoid the path taken by wealthy countries decades earlier that saw massive growth in the use of fossil fuels.
Scientists say ending fossil fuel use, also known as 'decarbonization,' needs to happen worldwide by 2050, but poor countries only would be able to reach the goal with financial help.
Climate campaigner Mohamed Adow of the group Christian Aid says one important step would be for the World Bank, which is co-hosting Tuesday's meeting, to switch its investments from fossil fuels to renewable energy in developing countries.
Corporate Commitment
Dozens of companies have signed a joint call for governments to maintain momentum on implementing the Paris accord and set long-term strategies for cutting carbon emissions.
The companies -- including insurer Allianz, tire maker Michelin and consumer goods giant Unilever -- said Monday they are committed to a greener economy that includes imposing levies on carbon emissions.
Allianz CEO Oliver Baete said in the statement that "business requires stable regulatory frameworks and an adequate price on carbon."
Financial institutions such as Allianz also want greater transparency on climate-related data to help them make sound investment decisions, Baete said.
New Research
The Paris summit takes place while the American Geophysical Union is holding its fall meeting in New Orleans.
Scientists are expected to present new research on climate changes and ways to keep global temperatures from rising beyond 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 F.)
Separately, Microsoft says it will let researchers use its artificial intelligence technology to monitor and model the planet's climate.
The technology giant says its commitment -- worth about $10 million a year -- could also help companies use vast amounts of data to reduce carbon emissions, by reducing waste, making power grids more efficient and improving weather predictions.
Star Scientists
Macron has invited U.S.-based climate scientists to apply for generous grants and relocate to France, a direct response to Trump's rejection of the Paris accord.
The French president was announcing the first grant winners on Monday. Overall, the French government and research institutions plan to fund about 50 projects with 60 million euros ($70 million)
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock.
PHOENIX — Kristi Toliver scored 30 points, Tianna Hawkins had 13 points and a career-high 12 rebounds and the Washington Mystics beat the Phoenix Mercury 103-95 on Wednesday night.
Rookie Ariel Atkins added a season-best 21 points in her first start for Washington (5-1), which was without star Elena Delle Donne for a second straight game due to an illness. Toliver made 10 of 16 shots from the field, and the Mystics went 11 of 17 from 3-point range.
Toliver scored 15 points in the first half to help Washington build a 49-43 lead. The Mystics started the second half on a 6-0 run and led by at least 10 points throughout the fourth quarter.
Brittney Griner scored 27 points on 13-of-16 shooting and DeWanna Bonner added 25 points for Phoenix (2-3), which has lost three straight. Diana Taurasi picked up three fouls in the first half and finished with nine points.
Nine Venezuelan converts, said to be facing extraordinary difficulties as the situation in their country deteriorates, have been told they cannot immigrate... subscribe now to get the full story Subscribe Log in Haaretz unlimited. Only 1$ for the first month
Jessica: This guy has to be of his rocker,. The Corrupt DNC threw him under the bus ,. And he backs the driver of the Bus
Unlike Hollywood, the boffins at NASA know their onions when it comes to space travel, and some movies just don't stand up to scrutiny.
And while it may have won a slew of Oscars, it's Alfonso Cuarón's 2013 hit Gravity which comes in for the most scorn.
In a video for the BBC's Radio 5 Live, space scientists gave it both barrels.
Heat shield analyst Tori Wells says: “Everything that could go wrong went terribly, terribly wrong. And that's not exactly the feeling we want everybody to have about this industry.”
Flight design analyst Caley Burke adds: “How [could] Sandra Bullock just move between orbits with really almost no issue?”
View photos “Wot, no diaper?” (Credit: Warner Bros) More
Allison McIntyre, chief of the NASA mockup facility, goes on: “It wasn't exactly accurate. When she gets out of her space suit, she's in cute little underwear. Where's the diaper?
“My favourite space film is The Martian, because that's where we're going and it really does show just how hard it is.”
Gioia Massa, a scientist working on food production in the International Space Station, is also a big fan of the Ridley Scott-directed Matt Damon romp.
“We had a plant scientist as the main character and, not only that, but it was a plant scientist who didn't go insane and cause a lot of havoc!”
Other favourites included 2016's Hidden Figures.
View photos (Credit: Fox) More
Launchpad project manager Regina Spellman says: “Because of the fact that it shows the true power of women, and the main thing about that film is that it got the story out.”
ISS astronaut Karen Nyberg adds: “My favourite space film is Apollo 13. It just really is relevant to how we actually fly in space.”
Mission Control's flight director Emily Nelson adds: “If it weren't for Apollo 13, it would be really hard to explain what my job is.”
Bruce Willis meteor actioner Armageddon, however, not so much.
“Armageddon. It's just not very accurate,” she added.
Read more
Verne Troyer dies at 49
Anthony Hopkins posts terrifying video on Twitter
Benedict Cumberbatch slams ‘pathetic' co-star Martin Freeman
(CNN) -- Mariah Carey's botched New Year's Eve performance is turning into an even bigger controversy.
Carey's team is blaming Dick Clark Productions, the production company behind the annual "New Year's Rockin' Eve" special on ABC, saying the company "set her up to fail." And Dick Clark Productions is firing back.
"As the premier producer of live television events for nearly 50 years, we pride ourselves on our reputation and long-standing relationships with artists. To suggest that DCP, as producer of music shows including the American Music Awards, Billboard Music Awards, New Year's Rockin' Eve and Academy of Country Music Awards, would ever intentionally compromise the success of any artist is defamatory, outrageous and frankly absurd," Dick Clark Productions said in a statement provided to CNN.
The statement continued: "In very rare instances there are of course technical errors that can occur with live television, however, an initial investigation has indicated that [Dick Clark Productions] had no involvement in the challenges associated with Ms. Carey's New Year's Eve performance. We want to be clear that we have the utmost respect for Ms. Carey as an artist and acknowledge her tremendous accomplishments in the industry."
Their response comes after Carey's team spoke to Billboard magazine and claimed that Carey, who had attended a rehearsal earlier in the day, had alerted Dick Clark Productions that her ear piece was not working. Carey's publicist, Nicole Perna, said that her client "was not winging this moment and took it very seriously" and added, "A shame that production set her up to fail."
Perna separately said to CNN, "There was a production issue. Technical difficulties. Unfortunately there was nothing she could do to continue with the performance given the circumstances."
As for Carey singing along to a track, a source close to her said: "It is not uncommon for artists to sing to track during certain live performances."
Carey took the stage shortly before midnight for a three song set, first performing "Auld Lang Syne" before moving to her own song, the 1991 hit "Emotions." That's when things started visibly going downhill. While the track played, Carey told the audience that a proper sound check had not taken place and opted to let those in the crowd sing her lyrics. After walking off stage in a huff after attempting to sing her hit, "We belong together," Carey took to Instagram to post a meme with the caption: Sh** happens. Have a happy and healthy new year everybody! Here's to making more headlines in 2017."
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
A preliminary necropsy suggests a beluga whale that died recently at Marineland suffered from an intestinal blockage.
In a statement issued Monday, Marineland said the whale, named Gia, died suddenly and initial medical reports indicate a congenital torsion of the small intestine that caused it to twist and become blocked.
The statement says Gia, who was born at Marineland, had appeared to be “happy, healthy and a well-adjusted member of her pod.”
The company said her sudden passing “came as a great shock to everyone.”
Marineland said complete necropsy results will be provided when received.
Firefighters search for bodies in gutted London tower block
Firefighters searched for bodies Thursday in a London tower block gutted by a blaze that has already left 12 dead, as questions grew over whether a refurbishment had contributed to the disaster.
The death toll was expected to rise further as crews picked their way through the blackened skeleton of the 24-storey Grenfell Tower, home to around 600 people and the scene of horror on Tuesday night.
Fire Commissioner Dany Cotton said parts of the building remained unsafe and it would take a long time to complete a detailed search of every floor.
She told Sky News there were still “unknown numbers” of people inside, but “it will be an absolute miracle for anyone to be left alive”.
“It will take weeks before this building is cleared and truly searched properly,” she said.
Whole families remain missing after the fire swept up the local authority building, forcing residents to flee through black smoke down the single stairwell, jump out a window or even drop their children to safety.
Questions are growing about how the flames spread so quickly, engulfing its 120 apartments in what fire chiefs said was an unprecedented blaze.
The focus centres on the cladding fitted to external walls on the 1970s concrete block, as part of a £8.7-million ($11 million, 9.9 million euros) refit completed only last year.
According to the BBC, the cladding had a plastic core, and was similar to that used by high-rise buildings in France, the United Arab Emirates and Australia which had also suffered fires that spread.
Rydon, the firm responsible for the refit, said the project “met all required building regulations”.
Harley Facades, which fitted the panels, told the BBC: “At this time, we are not aware of any link between the fire and the exterior cladding to the tower.”
Prime Minister Theresa May said there would be an investigation into the cause of the “appalling tragedy”, once the last bodies had been recovered.
Helplessly watching
Grenfell Tower looms over a social housing estate in north Kensington, just streets away from some of the most expensive homes in the world in Notting Hill.
The area has a large immigrant population, but many families have lived in the area for years, passing their low-rent homes onto their children.
Eyewitnesses told how residents in the upper floors shone their mobile phone torches to attract attention, before they disappeared from the windows, their screams of help falling silent.
“We saw them dying,” said Adi Estu, 32, who was evacuated from her home nearby.
Some desperate people reportedly jumped from the windows, while one woman, Samira Lamrani, said she saw a woman drop a baby from the ninth or 10th floor, for the child to be caught by a man below.
The fire triggered a wave of mourning in a country already battered by a string of terror attacks.
More than £480,000 had been raised online for the victims by Thursday morning, while local community centres were inundated by donations of clothes and food.
Volunteers in the city of Glasgow — 550 kilometres (350 miles) away — sent a truck laden with nappies and other supplies.
– Stay home –
Cladding has been added to a number of buildings across London in recent years, intended to provide insulation as well as improve the appearance of older buildings.
But Kostas Tsavdaridis, associate professor of Structural Engineering at the University of Leeds warned: “Some materials used in facades act as significant fire loads.
“Although theoretically they are fire resistant, in most cases they are high-temperature resistant instead of fire resistant. But even if they are, smoke and fire will spread through the joints and connections.”
There were questions about why there was no sprinkler system in the Grenfell Tower which could have helped stop the fire spreading, or any central smoke alarm system that would have woken sleeping residents.
Official fire service advice for residents to stay in their homes and use towels to block out smoke, while awaiting help, has also come under scrutiny.
Firefighters were only able to reach the tower's 12th floor of the block at the height of the blaze.
Abdelaziz El-Wahabi, his wife Faouzia and their three children were among those who followed to protocol in their flat on the 21st floor.
“Last time I spoke to his wife, he was on the phone to the fire brigade. I've not heard from them since,” his sister Hanan Wahabi told AFP on Wednesday morning.
David Collins, former chairman of the Grenfell Tower Residents' Association, said the building's management had failed to listen to residents' calls for improvements on fire safety.
“If the same concerns were had in a wealthy part of Kensington and Chelsea they would have got resolved, but here they didn't get resolved,” Collins told AFP.
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } if(_adsPreview == 1) { $(".mrg-tag").each(function(idx, value) { var el = $(this); var bl = parseInt(el.attr("ntv-loc")); //console.log("bl="+bl); var wrapperElement = this.parentNode; try{ wrapperElement.removeChild(this); } catch(e){} show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); }); } else { (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); } function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
TAIPEI (Taiwan News) – A total of 4,048 students and teachers can soon expect to receive between NT$3,000 (US$98) and NT$9,000 each as compensation for the consumption of tainted cooking oil from Chang Guann (強冠企業).
Starting in 2013, Taiwan fell into the grip of a series of food safety scandals, most of them centering on companies passing off oil products of lower quality or even unfit for human consumption as high-grade cooking oil.
Last September, Chang Guann Chairman Yeh Wen-hsiang (葉文祥) attempted suicide after receiving a final sentence of 22 years in prison for selling tainted lard to more than 200 food companies.
The Consumer Protection Association of Taiwan (CPAT, 台灣消費者保護協會) filed a class action suit on behalf of pupils, teachers and other staff at 22 schools, from kindergartens to senior high schools across the nation, where food had been served containing ingredients supplied by Chang Guann, the Central News Agency reported.
At a news conference Wednesday, CPAT announced that following three years of legal procedures, a total of more than NT$24.4 million (US$800,500) had been wired into its accounts. The plaintiffs would receive their compensation by the end of the month, the group said.
A total of 3,811 plaintiffs had agreed to a settlement, which provided them with NT$6,000 each, while 160 people accepted a court verdict and received from NT$6,000 to NT$9,000 per person. A final group of 77 people continued the court case until the end and received NT$3,000 per person, CNA reported.
CPAT said that even though the outcome was a far cry from the NT$90,000 (US$2,950) per person it had originally demanded, it was still satisfied that the victims of the scandal were able to receive compensation.
Director Brett Ratner has revealed that his 2011 comedy thriller ‘Tower Heist' originally had a slightly different title and premise – which would likely have made the film a bit more of a talking point in 2017.
‘Tower Heist' starred Ben Stiller as the manager of an apartment building, who, with the assistance of a small-time thief played by Eddie Murphy, leads the staff of the building in a robbery on a corrupt Wall Street billionaire (Alan Alda) who embezzled their pensions.
However, it seems the initial plan had been rather different. Ratner tells The Hollywood Reporter that the ‘Ocean's 11'-esque film (co-starring Matthew Broderick, Téa Leoni and future Oscar-winner Casey Affleck) had originally been entitled ‘Trump Heist.'
As the name suggests, the film would have centred on a group of disgruntled employees of Donald Trump, who take revenge on their boss by robbing Trump Tower.
Ben Stiller and Eddie Murphy in ‘Tower Heist' (credit: Universal) More
The idea for the film came from Murphy, and it seems that Trump himself – always keen for publicity – was all for it. Although script rewrites ultimately removed Trump as a character from the script, the controversial billionaire (in no way involved in politics at the time) remained closely involved with the film.
‘Tower Heist' used New York's Trump International Hotel and Tower and Trump Tower as shooting locations, and – according to the production notes from the film's original publicity campaign – Trump “allowed the production access to several of his high-end properties,” enabling the filmmakers to “incorporate true luxury locales in the film.”
It's also stated that “The real-estate mogul made a point of visiting the set during a break from taping his television series, ‘The Celebrity Apprentice,' several floors up to see how Ratner and the cast were faring.”
Brett Ratner (middle) directing the cast on the set of ‘Tower Heist' (credit: Universal) More
‘Tower Heist' proved a box office flop on release, taking just shy of $153 million worldwide off a $75 million budget, and for his part Ratner regrets the title change, remarking, “In retrospect, it would have been a bigger hit if it had been called ‘Trump Heist.‘”
Quite how the film would play today under that title is another matter entirely – and a tantalising ‘what if' question.
Prior to being elected President of the United States (and public enemy number one to most of Hollywood), Donald Trump made numerous film and TV cameo appearances as himself, most famously in ‘Home Alone 2: Lost in New York,' ‘The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air,' and in Ben Stiller's earlier film ‘Zoolander.'
Read More:
Tom Holland reveals Spider-Man trilogy plans
Venom will not be part of the MCU
Joel Schumacher apologises for Batman & Robin
AWS Battles Rivals with New Tactic: An Advertising Campaign
Amazon Web Services has defeated IBM in a competition for lucrative federal contracts, threatened Microsoft's core businesses, and reshaped corporate technology.
In the last few months, the pioneering cloud-computing unit of the online retail giant has taken a page from the playbook of some of its more traditional competitors: It started advertising.
Ads have been splashed across billboards and in airport terminals, television spots and web videos, featuring a whiteboard full of sketches of software architecture and appeals to invent something using Amazon's collection of rented computing services.
The advertising campaign, which bears the "Build On" tagline, represents a milestone in AWS' march from technology upstart to one of the major players in business software, technologists and marketers say.
For many years, AWS didn't advertise, partly because it didn't have to. The service held a wide lead over the competition, and word-of-mouth was enough to catapult the company's tools atop the growing market for web-based business software.
But the once-scrappy AWS now needs to focus on winning over CEOs and corporate boards to continue to grow, company insiders and observers say. Amazon also faces intense competition from well-funded rivals, many of whom are already spending heavily to woo that crowd.
Amazon "is out to get the enterprise," said Dave Bartoletti, an analyst with Forrester Research who tracks cloud computing. "They're trying to get to the next level -- which is, how do you reach executives at big companies."
AWS is Amazon's profit engine, accounting for twice the operating income of Amazon's North American retail arm. The division brought in $3.9 billion in operating income before taxes during the 12 months ended in September, on $15.8 billion in sales.
The advertising campaign has been rolled out before AWS' other main effort to advertise its wares: its annual conference, called re: Invent, held in Las Vegas. The trade show that runs from Monday through Friday is expected to draw more than 40,000 developers, business-technology buyers, and technology vendors.
AWS became a cloud-computing giant without an ad campaign, an approach that mirrored the heads-down, build-it-and-they-will-come philosophy that transformed Amazon's online bookstore into a massive marketplace for goods of all kinds.
Amazon.com founder Jeff Bezos pushed the company to build its brand by relying on good service, rather than flashy publicity campaigns. "If you do build a great experience, customers tell each other about that," he told Businessweek magazine in 2004. "Word-of-mouth is very powerful."
Two years later, AWS became the first company to offer rented computing infrastructure online on a wide scale, and the unit followed Bezos' guidance.
Many of the first users were software developers and other technologists who, armed with a credit card, could tap into the computing power stored in Amazon's massive server farms. The word spread around the tight-knit software community, making customers out of digital natives like Airbnb, Netflix and Pinterest.
But in recent years, the kind of cloud-computing services AWS sells has gone mainstream. Big, established companies like banks and brick-and-mortar retailers are running more of their technology on AWS -- threatening the traditional businesses of companies like Microsoft, IBM and Oracle.
Amazon's rivals fought back on two fronts: They followed AWS into the cloud, selling similar services to their own customers. And they launched advertising campaigns aimed at slowing AWS' momentum.
Shortly after Amazon elbowed out IBM to win a high-profile contract to provide data-center services to the Central Intelligence Agency, IBM plastered buses in Las Vegas with ads for its services as visitors gathered for Amazon's 2013 re: Invent conference.
Meanwhile, Microsoft has made its cloud-computing services a focus of its $1.5 billion advertising budget. After a couple of years spent testing the water with limited advertising experiments, AWS decided to strike back this year with its first major brand campaign, which launched in September.
David Winter, who left AWS in April after a few years working in sales, was recently in an airport bar waiting for a flight over a beer with a colleague when an advertisement for his former company shot across an ad screen on the wall.
"I'm like, 'That's an Amazon ad,' " said Winter, who works for cloud-computing startup Cloudability. "They've never done anything like that before."
The ad campaign, designed by Seattle digital marketing firm Wongdoody, centers its pitch on invention. "Build On AWS" blankets mock whiteboards.
Video spots start with that image, moving on to scenes of developers figuring out a problem in a hip office space, and a team eating at a lunch counter and jotting ideas on a napkin.
"It's a classic emotional appeal," said Bryan Cummings, chief creative officer with Seattle marketing agency the Garrigan Lyman Group, which wasn't involved with the campaign. "There's something romantic about being builders. They've kept something tangible and real in it."
Amazon also retooled the AWS logo, forsaking the cluster of orange building blocks that had symbolized the service in favor of AWS lettering atop Amazon's smile-shaped arrow.
Forrester's Bartoletti says the campaign is different from many efforts to win over business-technology buyers.
"Traditional business-to-business marketing is really this complex 'you need to hire us for 16 years to help incrementally upgrade your systems' message,' " he said. "AWS' [theme] is more of a party. Let's build something new."
Amazon will spend this week making that case to the tens of thousands of technologists descending on the Las Vegas Strip.
© 2017 Seattle Times under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: Amazon/iStock/Artist's Concept.
CINCINNATI -- People are sharing a disturbing video of apparent child pornography on Facebook, saying they want the perpetrator to be found.
Police say that's exactly the wrong thing to do.
Several people sent the video to Scripps station WCPO in Cincinnati, which appears to depict an underage girl performing oral sex on an adult man. Many of the messages included the phrase "I want this to go viral." There's no indication where or when it was recorded, or who's in it.
Law enforcement agencies from Alabama to France have gotten complaints as the video continues to spread, AL.com reported. According to the Buffalo (New York) Police Department, "Facebook is aware of this and is working with authorities."
Police in Memphis, Tennessee, even warned that sharing the video "is considered distribution and you could be criminally charged for doing so.
"We understand that sharing information sometimes brings a criminal to justice, but sharing amongst Facebook friends is not the way to do it," the department said.
Aside from being graphic and possibly illegal -- the female's age isn't clear, though she seems to be a child -- police worry the video could carry some kind of malicious code meant to infiltrate a viewer's computer.
"Don't open it, don't share it, don't forward it," Cincinnati Police Lt. Steve Saunders said.
Instead, notify Facebook and then delete the video from your account.
Tony Garrett, executive director of Central Alabama Crime Stoppers, told AL.com "some things point to" the video being made in Alabama. But there's no confirmation of that.
JOSH RICHARDS/The Opp News
Covington County commissioners on Tuesday discussed briefly the idea of booking fees for jail inmates.
These would require that all individuals housed in the Covington County Jail be required to pay a fee for their stay.
For any action to be taken, the commission would need to consider and unanimously approve a change to local legislation.
Commission Chairman Greg White said there had been some discussion about a booking fee at past meetings of the commission.
“There has been some discussion about the possibility of assessing booking fees through local legislation,” White said.
White later added that the commission had discussed the idea last summer with former Chairman Bill Godwin and former administration.
For the complete story, see this week's edition of The Opp News
(MIAMI) — Officials were so concerned about the mental stability of the student accused of last month's Florida school massacre that they decided he should be forcibly committed.
But the recommendation was never acted upon.
A commitment under the law would have made it more difficult if not impossible for Nikolas Cruz to obtain a gun legally.
Cruz is accused of the shooting rampage that killed 14 students and three school employees at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland on Feb. 14. In addition, 17 people were wounded.
But more than a year earlier, documents in the criminal case against Nikolas Cruz and obtained by The Associated Press show school officials and a sheriff's deputy recommended in September 2016 that Cruz be involuntarily committed for a mental evaluation.
The documents, which are part of Cruz's criminal case in the shooting, show that he had written the word “kill” in a notebook, told a classmate that he wanted to buy a gun and use it, and had cut his arm supposedly in anger because he had broken up with a girlfriend. He also told another student he had drunk gasoline and was throwing up. Calls had even been made to the FBI about the possibility of Cruz using a gun at school.
The documents were provided by a psychological assessment service initiated by Cruz's mother called Henderson Behavioral Health. The documents show a high school resource officer who was also a sheriff's deputy and two school counselors recommended in September 2016 that Cruz be committed for mental evaluation under Florida's Baker Act. That law allows for involuntary commitment for mental health examination for at least three days.
Such an involuntary commitment would also have been a high obstacle if not a complete barrier to legally obtaining a firearm, such as the AR-15 rifle used in the Stoneman Douglas massacre on Feb. 14, authorities say.
There is no evidence Cruz was ever committed. Coincidentally, the school resource officer who recommended that Cruz be “Baker Acted” was Scot Peterson — the same Broward Sheriff's Office deputy who resigned amid accusations he failed to respond to the shooting by staying outside the building where the killings occurred.
David S. Weinstein, a former federal prosecutor, said that an involuntary commitment would have been a huge red flag had Cruz attempted to buy a firearm legally.
“If he had lied, hopefully the verification of the form would have pulled up the commitment paperwork,” Weinstein said.
The documents do not say why Cruz was not committed under the Baker Act or whether he may not have qualified for other reasons. The law allows a law enforcement officer such as Peterson to initiate commitment under the Baker Act.
An attorney for Peterson did not immediately respond to an email seeking comment Sunday.
Cruz, 19, is charged in a 34-count indictment with killing 17 people and wounding 17 others in the attack. He faces the death penalty if convicted, but his public defender Melisa McNeill has said he would plead guilty in return for a life prison sentence.
In the Henderson Behavioral Health documents, Cruz's mother Lynda is quoted as saying she had fresh concerns about her son's mental state after he punched holes in a wall at their home in Parkland. The clinicians at Henderson came to the home for interviews and said Cruz admitted punching the wall but said he did so because he was upset at a breakup with his girlfriend.
Cruz also admitted cutting his arm with a pencil sharpener.
After a Sept. 28, 2016 interview, the documents say Cruz “reports that he cut his arms 3-4 weeks ago and states that this is the only time he has ever cut. (Cruz) states that he cut because he was lonely, states that he had broken up with his girlfriend and reports that his grades had fallen. (Cruz) states that he is better now, reports that he is no longer lonely and states that his grades have gone back up.”
He also told the clinician he owned only a pellet gun and was not capable of doing “serious harm” to anyone.
The documents show that Cruz was very much on the radar screen of mental health professionals and the Broward County school system, yet very little appears to have been done other than these evaluations.
Other red flags have also surfaced, including calls to the FBI about Cruz's potential to become a school shooter and numerous visits by county law enforcement officials to his home – both before his mother died in November and after, when he lived briefly with a family friend in Palm Beach County.
Again, very little was done.
It's not clear from the documents who the recommendation was forwarded to or why it was not followed up.
Durham Police have released a teenage boy under investigation following a drugs incident in Wingate.
The force has confirmed that a 17-year-old boy was arrested on suspicion of dangerous driving, possession with intent to supply and failure to stop on Friday, December 8.
He has been released under investigation.
During the incident police seized MDMA and over £1,600.
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } if(_adsPreview == 1) { $(".mrg-tag").each(function(idx, value) { var el = $(this); var bl = parseInt(el.attr("ntv-loc")); //console.log("bl="+bl); var wrapperElement = this.parentNode; try{ wrapperElement.removeChild(this); } catch(e){} show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); }); } else { (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); } function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
Migdal murder survivor Natan Atiya, thanks 'the nation of Israel for everything' and thanks G-d for saving him.'
Natan Atiya, 10, survived the murder of his 11-year-old brother Nahman and his neighbors two weeks ago by pretending to be dead.
In an interview with Channel 20, Natan's father, Yisrael, said, "Thank G-d, after the customary week of mourning, we are trying to get back into our routine. People still come to comfort us. We have a lot of help, and are receiving a lot of warmth and love.
"My children, thank G-d, are filled with emuna (belief in G-d). They know this world is only temporary, and they know that we returned the deposit G-d gave us. They know their brother Nahman was a righteous person, and they know they can talk about him and that he's still here - we just can't see him anymore. But they know he hears us and that he's with us.
"They've already begun dreaming about him, so his presence is very tangible. Right now everything is fresh in our memories, and thank G-d the children are smart and understand a lot. The younger ones don't understand everything, but those who are old enough to understand are doing very well.
"Just like Natan was saved by a miracle, his physical and spiritual recovery is also a miracle."
Natan said, "I thank the entire nation of Israel for everything - for the love, the hugs, the prayers, the blessings and the gifts. Thank you, G-d, for giving me strength and saving me."
The Atiya family is still paying a lot of money for Natan's treatments.
Wisconsin forward Ethan Happ must have his formal decision on whether or not he will remain in the 2018 NBA Draft or return to school for his final year of eligibility.
Happ declared for the draft earlier this offseason however he did not hire an agent, making him eligible to return to school for his final year of eligibility. He was not invited to the 2018 NBA Combine, however he has had workouts with the Golden State Warriors, Cleveland Cavaliers, Detroit Pistons, Oklahoma City Thunder, and Los Angeles Lakers.
Advertisement
Happ has gone on record as saying that if he was not projected in the first round or early in the second round then he would return to school. He told the Detroit Free Press earlier this week that right now he is projected as a late-second round pick.
In the 2017-18 season Happ averaged 17.9 points, 8.0 rebounds, and 3.7 assists per game while being named second-team All-Big Ten.
Comments
comments
YOKOSUKA, Japan (AP) — An industrial group developing nuclear decommissioning technology has unveiled a swimming robot designed to be used underwater to investigate damage in three reactors at the wrecked Fukushima Dai-Ichi plant in northeastern Japan.
Remote controlled robots are key to the decades-long decommissioning process, but super-high radiation hampered earlier attempts to probe damage to the reactors from meltdowns following a massive earthquake and tsunami in March 2011.
The developers said Thursday they plan to send the probe into the primary containment vessel of Unit 3 at Fukushima this summer to study the extent of damage and locate parts of melted fuel that is thought to have fallen to the bottom of the chamber and been submerged by highly radioactive water.
Japan hopes to start removing the fuel after Tokyo's 2020 Olympics.
SAN DIEGO (AP) – Franchy Cordero's go-ahead single in the seventh inning capped a comeback that included Hunter Renfroe's two-run homer, sending the San Diego Padres to a 4-2, sweep-completing victory over the Cincinnati Reds on Wednesday.
Jhoulys Chacin (6-5) pitched seven innings, allowing five hits and two runs. With the score 2-2 after Renfroe's tying shot an inning earlier, Padres pinch-hitter Matt Szczur and Jose Pirela scored after drawing walks against reliever Michael Lorenzen (3-2) to open the seventh.
The Reds, who have lost their past eight road games, were swept at both Dodger Stadium and Petco Park to go 0-6 on the West Coast trip. Cordero, a rookie center fielder who made his major league debut May 27, hit three home runs in the series and knocked home Szczur with a single to right field.
A man who was brought to the U.S. illegally as a child but was protected from deportation by the Obama administration has been taken into custody in the Seattle area in what could be the first case of its kind in the country.
Northwest Immigrants Rights Project Legal Director Matt Adams told The Associated Press Tuesday that 23-year-old Daniel Ramirez Medina was arrested Friday by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents. Adams says he believes the young man was apprehended by mistake.
Adams says agents were at the Seattle home to arrest the man's father and that they took both men into custody. Ramirez Medina has a work permit under Obama's Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program. He's being held in Tacoma.
Adams says the man is the first person he knows of with DACA status who has been detained.
UPON his arrival at Headingley in 2015, David Willey expressed a keen desire to develop his red-ball game for Yorkshire in the hope of one day emulating his father Peter and going on to play Test cricket for England.
A little over two years down the line the 28-year-old has barely had an opportunity to pursue that dream, with his England one-day commitments and injury restricting his County Championship opportunities to just six games for Yorkshire.
The 2018 season, however, could be the year when Willey dares to dream again as he looks to secure a significant role in Yorkshire's four-day plans.
After a winter that has seen him hone further his white-ball skills for both England and in the Big Bash with Perth Scorchers, the former Northamptonshire all-rounder is available for 12 of the county's 14 four-day games.
Yorkshire team-mate Adil Rashid, along with England colleague Alex Hales, recently caused a stir when opting to sit out red-ball cricket for the foreseeable future in order to concentrate solely on their white-ball game. But Willey remains keen to develop himself as a true ‘all-rounder'.
Therefore he is hoping to give Yorkshire first-team coach Andrew Gale a selection headache when it comes to choosing his starting XI for the opening Championship encounter at Headingley on April 13 against Essex.
“I've not played a great deal of red-ball cricket for Yorkshire because I've been either playing for England or due to injuries,” said Willey.
“But this year I'm available for 12 Championship games, which is exciting for me. Hopefully I can play in a lot of those and make some good contributions.
“I don't think anyone is guaranteed to be on that teamsheet for the first game, so everyone is pushing hard. Hopefully I have put my name in the shop window.”
The retirement of Ryan Sidebottom at the end of last season gives Willey further cause to believe that this season is the best opportunity he will ever have to further his aim of being a quality red-ball operator, adding to the white-ball skills where he has made his name in both domestic and international cricket.
Being a left-arm seamer like Sidebottom, Willey hopes he can prove an ideal replacement.
“With Sid finishing and me also being a left-armer I can offer a different angle and am a different type of bowler,” added Willey. “Ultimately you need 20 wickets to win games in four-day cricket.”
Narada sting case: NewsX accesses exclusive FIR copy registered by CBI
In a huge setback to Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee's Trinamool Congress Party (TMC), the CBI has registered an FIR against 12 TMC leaders in the Narada sting operation case.
Some of the names that were included in the FIR were those of Madan Mitra, RS member Mukul Roy, Saugata Roy and several other names of prominent leaders also featured — Sultan Ahmed, Kakoli Ghosh Dastidar and Prasun Banerjee.
On the issue the Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee said that merely the filing of FIR did not mean the accused were guilty. “It is a political game, and has to be tackled politically,” she said.
A month back the Calcutta High Court had ordered a CBI preliminary inquiry into the case on March 17 asking them to submit their report within 72 hours.
First Published | 18 April 2017 11:50 AM
TAIPEI (Taiwan News)- The music festival UNITE Tomorrowland Taiwan 2018 will kick off on Saturday, July 28 at Dajia Riverside Park, Taipei.
What is Tomorrowland?
Tomorrowland is a worldwide music carnival that features electronic music from famous DJs, unique stage designs and special sound and light effects.
It was first held as an outdoor party by a night club in Boom, Belgium in 2005. As more music veterans joined the event, it soon grew in scale.
After the Dutch entertainment company ID&T took over Tomorrowland, it started to develop various electronic music styles. In 2008, it reached its highest peak with 380,000 participants.
In recent years, Tomorrowland began being staging overseas performances which are held simultaneously with the show in Belgium titled UNITE With Tomorrowland. The main stage in Belgium controls the sound and light effects in other countries via satellite.
2018 UNITE with Tomorrowland Taiwan
Official trailer of 2018 UNITED With Tomorrowland (video by Tomorrowland)
This year, Taiwan is the only country in East Asia to hold UNITE With Tomorrowland and alongside with other 6 countries, Abu Dhabi, Italy, Lebanon, Malta, Mexico and Spain.
EDM fans will have a chance to enjoy the performance of many famous DJs on July 28 at Dajia Riverside Park.
Tickets can be purchased on many online platforms, such as FunNow, ibon, festicket.
For more information please visit the Tomorrowland official website and Facebook page.
2017 Tomorrowland Belgium trailer (YouTube video by Tomorrowland)
PHNOM PENH, Cambodia (AP) — A Cambodian court has found a British man guilty after he was arrested with other foreigners for allegedly posting photos on social media of sexually suggestive dancing at a party.
Siem Reap provincial court spokesman Yin Srang said 31-year-old Daniel Jones was sentenced Tuesday to one year in prison for producing pornography. The court, however, said he can go free Wednesday based on his having already served one month and 22 days in prison, with the rest of the term suspended.
The spokesman said Jones could continue to be held if the prosecutor files an appeal within one day.
Tesla's Very Bad September: Model 3 Production Falls Far Short
In July, Tesla Chief Executive Elon Musk warned that "production hell" was ahead for Tesla's new and long-anticipated Model 3.
He wasn't kidding. On Monday, the company said it had only produced 260 Model 3 cars [pictured above] from the start of production in late July through September 30, far short of the 1,500 the company had forecast.
That's bad news for Tesla. The success or failure of the Model 3 could make or break the company.
The is billed as a more affordable alternative to Tesla's luxury Model S and Model X. The company had planned to be churning out 20,000 of them a month by December, and 500,000 a year by the end of 2018.
In a note to investors Monday, Tesla blamed "production bottlenecks" but offered no details.
"It is important to emphasize that there are no fundamental issues with the Model 3 production or supply chain," the company said. "We understand what needs to be fixed and we are confident of addressing the manufacturing bottleneck issues in the near-term."
The company did not say whether It's December or 2018 production forecasts remain on track.
The Model 3 production numbers were included in an investor message, posted online, that touted "our all-time best quarter for Model S and X deliveries." Tesla delivered 25,930 of those cars, up 4.5% over the same quarter last year.
Tesla critics saw little to crow about. Sales of the Model S and Model X have remained in the low to mid-20,000s for the last four quarters, sowing doubts about whether sales growth for those cars is nearly tapped out.
"The most shocking thing about this report isn't even the low Model 3 production number," said Mark Spiegel of Stanphyl Capital. "It's that Model S and X sales were only up 4.5% year-over-year despite massive discounting and before all the luxury EV competition arrives next year from Jaguar and Audi and in 2019 from Mercedes and Porsche. This is supposed to be a hypergrowth company."
Although sales are tiny compared with the major auto companies and Tesla has spent billions in cash without profit, its stock price has exceeded that of Ford and General Motors.
In the last three weeks, however, Tesla's stock is down around 10%. It closed up 43 cents Monday to $341.53 but fell in after-hours trading.
Some workers at the Tesla factory in Fremont, Calif., are attempting to organize a union. State legislation passed in September will force companies that offer state-paid rebates on their electric vehicles to prove their labor practices are fair. The rules on what counts as fair are yet to be written.
The Model 3's stated price ranges from $35,000 to near $60,000, depending on options. The cars now qualify for a $2,500 state rebate and a federal rebate of $7,500. If production reaches Tesla's forecasts, however, the federal subsidies will run out sometime next year.
Tesla has said that more than 350,000 people have paid $1,000 each in refundable deposits to hold a place in line.
© 2017 Los Angeles Times under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
May Interest You:
New cars come equipped with safety systems. But how about all the other cars that are more than a year old? No worries... There are plenty of car safety features that are available, affordably, for ALL cars, not just new ones. See products that are available for YOUR car at: Make My Car Safe, the premium online seller of car safety products for ALL cars.
By LINDSEY TANNER
AP Medical Writer
CHICAGO (AP) - Children with a rare, incurable disease that causes rapid aging and early death may live longer if treated with an experimental drug first developed for cancer patients.
That's according to small, preliminary study in 27 kids with progeria. The benefit was small: Treated children were more likely to survive during the two-year study than children who didn't get the drug.
But some kids taking the drug lonafarnib (lohn-uh-FAR-nib) in this and other studies have lived into their late teens. The researchers say the results suggest a potential breakthrough for a heartbreaking condition.
The drug helps disable a protein that accumulates abnormally in progeria and causes cell damage. The genetic disease affects about 1 in 20 million people.
The study was published Tuesday in the Journal of the American Medical Association.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
MOSCOW (AP) — The Latest on the reported slaying in Ukraine of a Russian journalist: (all times local):
5:25 p.m.
Russian journalist Arkady Babchenko, who had been reported shot and killed in the Ukrainian capital Tuesday, has shown up at a news conference very much alive.
Vasily Gritsak, head of the Ukrainian Security Service, told a news conference on Wednesday the agency faked Babchenko's death to catch those who were trying to kill him.
Kiev and national police had said Babchenko, a strong critic of the Kremlin, was shot multiple times in the back at his apartment building and found bleeding by his wife.
He showed up at Gritsak's new conference on Wednesday and thanked everyone who was mourning his death.
Babchenko, 41, one of Russia's best-known war reporters, spoke and wrote year about leaving the country because of repeated threats that he and his family would be harmed.
___
2:35 p.m.
A top lawmaker says Russia is willing to help Ukraine investigate the murder of a Russian journalist.
Arkady Babchenko, who was scathingly critical of the Kremlin, was gunned down in the Ukrainian capital, Kiev, on Tuesday.
Babchenko fled Russia last year, fearing for his life, and settled in Ukraine. He had served in the Russian army during the two wars in Chechnya in the 1990s and became one of Russia's best-known war reporters.
Vyacheslav Volodin, speaker of the State Duma, told Russian news agencies Wednesday that Russia would be happy to help with the investigation if Ukrainian authorities requested it.
Ukrainian authorities have said they think Babchenko was killed because of his work. Several Ukrainian politicians blamed the Kremlin for the killing. Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov dismissed those comments as cynical.
22:56 Reported News Briefs Sivan 20, 5777 , 14/06/17 Sivan 20, 5777 , 14/06/17 Jordan will not ban Wonder Woman Read more Jordanian commission cites lack of legal precedent in allowing hit film starring Israeli actress Gal Gadot to play in Jordanian theaters. ► ◄ Last Briefs
Mississippi's governor signed a law Monday banning most abortions after 15 weeks' gestations, the tightest restrictions in the nation.
Republican Gov. Phil Bryant has frequently said he wants Mississippi to be the "safest place in America for an unborn child."
House Bill 1510's only exceptions are if a fetus has health problems making it "incompatible with life" outside of the womb at full term, or if a pregnant woman's life or a "major bodily function" is threatened by pregnancy. Pregnancies resulting from rape and incest aren't exempted.
Mississippi previously tied with North Carolina for the nation's strictest abortion limits at 20 weeks. Both states count pregnancy as beginning on the first day of a woman's previous menstrual period. That means the restrictions kick in about two weeks before those of states whose 20-week bans begin at conception.
The state is bracing for immediate lawsuits. Abortion rights advocates say the law is unconstitutional because it limits abortion before fetuses can live outside the womb. The owner of Mississippi's only abortion clinic in Jackson opposes the law and has pledged to sue.
"We certainly think this bill is unconstitutional," said Katherine Klein, equality advocacy coordinator for the American Civil Liberties Union of Mississippi. "The 15-week marker has no bearing in science. It's just completely unfounded and a court has never upheld anything under the 20-week viability marker."
The bill was drafted with the assistance of conservative groups including the Mississippi Center for Public Policy and the Alliance Defending Freedom.
"We're thrilled that Mississippi lawmakers are taking a step to protect the basic right to life, as well as protecting maternal health," said Jameson Taylor, acting president of the Mississippi Center for Public Policy.
Both Republican-controlled chambers passed the bill overwhelmingly in early March, by a vote of 35-14 in the Senate and 76-34 in the House.
The U.S. Senate failed to pass a 20-week abortion ban bill in January. With 60 "yes" votes required to advance, the bill failed on a 51-46 vote.
UPROXX/Getty Image
All of Washington has been consumed by Devin Nunes' ever-changing memo alleging “bias” at the FBI and information it gathered that later may have become part of the probe into possible Russian interference with American elections. The memo claims that information in the Steele dossier was the tipping point, so to speak, in FISA warrants being issued and renewed for shifty Trump saga bit player Carter Page. Nunes' argument is that because some of the data Steele gathered was paid for by the Democratic Party, and due to Steele's alleged bias against Trump, that means Steele is not credible and the process was unduly influenced.
But the “proper justification” for a FISA warrant doesn't have to be nearly as dramatic, and Nunes stops short of accusing any government agency of violating the law. That's because even if Nunes' memo is completely accurate, and that's already highly disputed, it's unlikely any of it would be illegal. FISA has been controversial for years because, thanks in part to laws passed by Republicans, nearly anybody can be the subject of a FISA warrant, for almost any reason:
As the name implies, FISA is about monitoring foreign citizens and agents of foreign powers: Passed in 1978 in response to the abuses of power by Richard Nixon, FISA was designed to clearly separate surveillance of American citizens for surveillance of foreign nationals. It created the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, or FISC, and that court was tasked with the job of approving surveillance warrants. This is to prevent Nixonian tactics like ordering FBI agents to monitor political opponents. For security reasons, FISA warrants and the cases around them are highly classified and not available to the public.
Passed in 1978 in response to the abuses of power by Richard Nixon, FISA was designed to clearly separate surveillance of American citizens for surveillance of foreign nationals. It created the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, or FISC, and that court was tasked with the job of approving surveillance warrants. This is to prevent Nixonian tactics like ordering FBI agents to monitor political opponents. For security reasons, FISA warrants and the cases around them are highly classified and not available to the public. FISA was obscure outside the intelligence community until 2006: Starting in the Bush administration, Republicans in particular have greatly expanded the powers under FISA. In 2007, George W. Bush signed the Protect America Act into law, which allowed the U.S. to monitor foreign citizens without a warrant. In other words, if you sent an email to your buddy in Japan, and the government thought your buddy might be a terrorist, they could read that email. The law was made so broad that in 2013, Edward Snowden revealed that a FISA warrant had allowed the NSA to collect call data on Americans for years.
Starting in the Bush administration, Republicans in particular have greatly expanded the powers under FISA. In 2007, George W. Bush signed the Protect America Act into law, which allowed the U.S. to monitor foreign citizens without a warrant. In other words, if you sent an email to your buddy in Japan, and the government thought your buddy might be a terrorist, they could read that email. The law was made so broad that in 2013, Edward Snowden revealed that a FISA warrant had allowed the NSA to collect call data on Americans for years. FISA warrants operate on reasonable suspicion, not concrete proof: The FBI doesn't have to prove somebody is a spy or a criminal to get a FISA warrant. Instead, they have to prove they have a reasonable suspicion somebody is an agent of a foreign power, which is not just spies and terrorists, but also anybody who aids and abets them, even unknowingly.
The FBI doesn't have to prove somebody is a spy or a criminal to get a FISA warrant. Instead, they have to prove they have a reasonable suspicion somebody is an agent of a foreign power, which is not just spies and terrorists, but also anybody who aids and abets them, even unknowingly. Furthermore, personal motivation on anybody's part doesn't matter much in these scenarios: Unsurprisingly, people report criminals to the police for all sorts of reasons, from the noble to the petty, but the courts have ruled repeatedly that omissions only matter if they would have materially affected the judge's decision. Personal motivation rarely rises to that level, even in some of the most extreme cases exploring this territory. Not helping matters is that it's easy to confirm details of the dossier independently. In fact, Carter Page himself did so under oath, to the House Intelligence Committee, which is chaired by Devin Nunes.
Is it possible that Page is just in the wrong place at the wrong time? It's certainly within the realm of possibility. Whether U.S. interests are best served by erring on the side of surveilling everyone is certainly a discussion Americans should be having. But the argument of the memo itself seems to misunderstand how these cases are handled. Like or dislike of Trump is irrelevant to the courts. What matters are the facts.
Transcript for Former FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe fired hours before he was set to retire
Okay, Friday we wondered if Jeff sessions would fire FBI director Andrew Mccabe just two days before retirement. Do you remember that? Yeah. Well, he did. He fired him right before he retired so Mccabe could lose part of his pension. There's also a report that John Kelly, general Kelly, fired Rex tillerson when he was on the toilet. Yeah. So my question is, what is it with these mean boys? They always talk about mean girls. These are very mean boys we're talking about here. I think the Mccabe thing is very important because, yes, he -- you know, Jeff sessions did this and I guess, you know, almost ruined the pension of a 20-year government employee, 20-plus years. But if you look at President Trump's tweets this weekend, it appears that he is, I guess, thinking that Mccabe and Comey and Mueller are all part of this alleged conspiracy, witch hunt, to get him. And I think we should be very concerned about that because Mccabe does have some memos about his interaction with trump. What's going on here too is that Mccabe was accused of inappropriately leaking information to "The Wall Street journal" regarding the Clinton foundation and says that Comey gave him clearance to do so. Comey under oath said that he never sanctioned anyone giving any information to the press or leaking out. One of these two guys is lying, so when you're talking about people guessing about what's going on in the FBI in these investigations, one way or another, someone lied under oath. I don't agree with that actually because we don't really know why Mccabe was fired because the ig's report hasn't been released. Inappropriate to allow two officials to speak to reporters. That's why he was fired. But we haven't seen it. It's speculative but that being said, if you look at what Comey said during his investigation, he said I didn't leak anything and I don't know anyone anonymously leaking anything. That is not necessarily a lie because if he gave permission to his deputy -- Then is it a leak? It's not necessarily a leak.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
NARRAGANSETT, R.I. (AP) — How has the Earth evolved, and what's in store for the future? It's a sticky question that has graduate student Loes van Dam covered in corn syrup by the end of a day in the lab.
She thought using a computer model would be limiting. So she designed and built a large tank, filled it with 2,000 pounds (907 kilograms) of corn syrup, and added six counter-rotating belts to study how tectonic plates drift and shift.
The corn syrup represents the Earth's mantle, which melts to form magma at volcanoes and ridges. The belts are the drifting and shifting tectonic plates. Their intersection is the ocean ridge.
Syrup in the tank, which measures 5 feet (1.5 meters) wide, 5 feet (1.5 meters) long and 1½ feet (0.3 meters) tall, slowly moves as the belts pull apart. Cameras record the flow in what van Dam has named the "ridge zone replicator." One minute of each experiment equals more than a million years in time, to show how tectonic plates move mantle material.
"It's really cool that with our little experiments, we get clues about how this process has been going on in the past and why those plates are positioned the way they are now," said van Dam, who studies geological oceanography at the University of Rhode Island's Graduate School of Oceanography in Narragansett.
How plates drift is not thoroughly understood, and computer simulations have difficulty capturing it. Her experiments aim to show how plate tectonics created the sea floor over billions of years, and how those forces are at work today.
"We can understand the flow at all points in the syrup. We're not limited to measuring at a few points, like in a numerical simulation," she said.
Her experiments are showing that the lava that erupts from volcanoes to form new sea floor may originate at a shallower depth in the Earth than geologists currently think. The model shows more horizontal flow of mantle material than previous models have shown.
That may tell researchers more about the chemical makeup of the Earth's interior, said URI Professor Chris Kincaid, an expert in geophysical oceanography.
To his knowledge, he said, it's the first 3-D model of a mid-ocean ridge system that can migrate in any direction.
"She's trying to put together a clearer picture of the evolution of the Earth," he said. "If you're trying to understand how the Earth is changing in the future, you need to know that."
Van Dam, 23 and born in Rotterdam, Netherlands, moved to Novato, California, when she was young. She always picked up rocks that fascinated her and got her first introduction to plate tectonics in a third-grade earth science class.
The research is funded with a grant from the National Science Foundation.
Sav 110 rear baffle lookin for one to fit a 110 flat top Long Action
thanks have a great day
Zimbabwe's football critics are conspicuously silent on the continued snubbing of goalkeeper Petros Mhari from Warriors duty, this time by his own club coach who has dual roles.
When former Warriors coach Kalisto Pasuwa overlooked Mhari, he was battered left, right and centre by armchair critics who were quick to accuse the mentor of pursuing a Dynamos agenda at the national team.
This was despite a known football fact that coaches select players who suit their game plan and not necessarily the Soccer Star of the Year finalists.
Among the critics was South Africa-based former Warriors goalkeeper, Tapuwa Kapini who even went further to suggest that Pasuwa was overlooking Mhari because selection was being influenced by player agent, Gibson Mahachi.
The ageless Kapini, clearly basing argument on online reports, felt Mhari had no competition for the Warriors number one jersey.
Another conspiracy theory was that Mhari was being punished for snubbing Pasuwa when he wanted the goalkeeper at Dynamos, not once but twice.
Pasuwa left the Warriors in February and FC Platinum coach, Norman Mapeza came in with a new technical team.
Mapeza is Mhari's coach at club level BUT has overlooked Mhari on the two occasions that he has been in charge of the Warriors.
CAPS United's Edmore ‘Zikeeper' Sibanda was trusted in goal for the friendly match against Zambia and despite coaches being allowed as many substitutions as agreed, there was no room for Mhari.
A second opportunity came at the weekend when Zimbabwe hosted Liberia in a 2019 AFCON qualifier at the National Sports Stadium.
Mhari was included in the squad and when Zikeeper pulled out with an injury, Mapeza summoned George Chigova from South Africa to assume the number one jersey while Highlanders' Ariel Sibanda was the substitute.
Again Mhari was relegated to number three.
This was by his own club coach, not Pasuwa, and the armchair critics have seemingly forgotten the campaigns they championed when Mhari was overlooked last year as he went on to claim the Goalkeeper of the Year award. It is slowly turning out that Pasuwa was right on Mhari after all! H-Metro
A North Dakota woman pleaded guilty Monday in the killing of a pregnant neighbor so she and her boyfriend could keep the baby, though officials are still saying little about how the victim died.
Brooke Crews, 38, could face life in prison after pleading guilty to conspiracy to commit kidnapping and murder and lying to law officers in the death of 22-year-old Savanna Greywind, of Fargo. Her boyfriend, William Hoehn, 32, has pleaded not guilty to conspiracy to commit kidnapping and murder and lying to law officers.
He is scheduled for trial in March, which a prosecutor cited as a reason for continuing to withhold information on the case.
Crews' attorney, Steven Mottinger, said afterward that the guilty pleas will help his client argue for less than the maximum sentence of life in prison without parole.
"Ms. Crews early on indicated that she wanted to take responsibility for her actions," Mottinger said. "From where I stand, she took responsibility today by entering a guilty plea to the three charges."
Greywind was eight months pregnant when she disappeared in August. Kayakers found her body wrapped in plastic in a river. The baby was found alive in the apartment Crews shared with her 32-year-old boyfriend, William Hoehn. Hoehn is scheduled for trial in March.
Crews didn't offer details on how Greywind was killed. Authorities haven't said either, but Fargo Police Chief Dave Todd has said her death was a "cruel and vicious act of depravity."
Cass County State's Attorney Birch Burdick said further details aren't likely to be released until after Hoehn's case is finished.
"As you're well aware, this is one important step in two cases that are intertwined," Burdick said outside the courtroom. "At least our office will be rather circumspect until we've got both cases resolved. Then we can elaborate more fully."
Crews initially claimed that Greywind gave up her newborn daughter, but she later admitted taking advantage of the woman to get the child, according to court documents. Crews told police she arranged to have Greywind come to her apartment and told her how to induce labor. Greywind came back two days later to give her the newborn baby, Crews said.
But Hoehn told police a different story, according to the documents. He said he came home on Aug. 19 to find Crews cleaning up blood in their bathroom. Hoehn said Crews presented him with an infant girl and said: "This is our baby. This is our family."
Hoehn told police he took garbage bags containing bloody shoes and his bloody towels and disposed them away from the apartment complex, according to the court documents. Hoehn is scheduled for trial in March.
Authorities have not said how the baby was delivered. The baby is now in the custody of her father, Ashton Matheny, who was Greywind's boyfriend.
East Central District Judge Frank Racek on Monday asked Crews about letters she sent to the court complaining about a delay in receiving evidence. Crews told the judge that the issue was resolved.
"Cases like this we start with initial police reports, lab reports," Mottinger said. "Things come in over a period of time. It's a step-by-step by process."
Fresh off the best regular season in franchise history and armed with a deep forward unit that deposited more pucks into the net than all but one NHL team, the Wild coach didn't expect to be staring down an 0-3 deficit in a seven-game, first-round playoff series against the St. Louis Blues.
That firepower, 3.21 goals a game in the regular season, figured to neutralize the Blues' top trio and overwhelm the Blues with depth. just like the Chicago Blackhawks had done to the Wild in years past.
Instead, Boudreau and his coaching staff came to Xcel Energy Center early Monday morning searching for reasons the Wild have scored only three goals in three games.
"We thought if we checked with our legs and don't take a lot of penalties ... then our balance of having three lines that can score would overshadow what they have," Boudreau said. "But obviously it hasn't happened that way."
Instead, the Wild are in the midst of a confidence crisis while tasked with winning four straight games to prolong a season that once seemed destined to march into June. They have 228-142 advantage in shot attempts but something's not working.
"You're down 3-0, but it certainly says that you haven't played that bad," Boudreau said of the stat.
Not only have the Wild been held to a goal per game — two with a man advantage — they have yet to hold a single lead in the series. Is it the defensive system of former Wild coach Mike Yeo, or the sudden brilliance of goalie Jake Allen?
Or is it the Wild?
"Can we play better? Of course we can," Boudreau said. "I think there are certain times that things happen that we should be able to adjust a little bit better. But overall, is the care and the fight and the try there? Yeah, it has been."
Thirty-four times in 82 regular season games, the Wild scored four or more goals, establishing themselves as one of the deepest and best offensive teams in the league, which raises the question: Why are these proven scorers suddenly struggling to finish?
"That's a great question," Boudreau said. "I don't know. If I had the answer to that, we'd probably finish. We go over, like a fine-toothed comb, the video for why things like that don't happen.
"Obviously, their goalie is playing pretty well. Their defense is protecting pretty well. And when we get the opportunities, we're either over-handling it or a little bit nervous, or holding the sticks too tight because things aren't going in.
"I think a perfect example would have been where (Jason) Zucker came out of the penalty box two games ago and over-skated it, then passed it to (Eric) Staal, and Staal panicked and threw it across. I mean, we want to do the right things, but things aren't going the right way, so he's probably not playing with as much confidence as you'd like to think they'd be playing with."
While Allen's play, highlighted by a .974 save percentage, has been spectacular, perhaps Yeo knows how to play the Wild better than any coach, his nearly five years in St. Paul benefiting him now that he's with the Blues.
Since replacing Ken Hitchcock on Feb. 1, Yeo is 4-0 against the Wild — and the Blues are 18-2-2 overall — on the strength of a simple plan: clog play and limit Grad-A chances by keeping skaters out of the slot.
With Yeo at the helm, the Blues won 2-1 on March 7. They beat the Wild 2-1 in Game 1, 2-1 in Game 2 and 3-1 (with an empty-net goal) in Game 3.
"Everything they've done," Boudreau said, "we've expected."
Uproxx / ABC
Lovers of free speech should be excited today. Ditto for lovers of the free market. In one fell swoop, Roseanne Barr illustrated the power of both concepts handily. She exercised her First Amendment rights by tweeting out a deeply racist remark about Valerie Jarrett, a former advisor to Barack Obama; and the marketplace quickly responded by torpedoing her recently revived sitcom, as if it was all one Ambien-induced fever dream. But there's no $108 million payoff waiting this time around — just angry castmates, repulsed producers, joke-laden critics, and a few loyal fans offering limp defenses that Barr herself wants nothing to do with.
The rapid turn of events can be viewed through any number of prisms, though free speech and the free market are particularly potent because they're highly valued by a subset of working-class fans of Roseanne and her Trump-aligned politics. Barr will not be jailed for her vile opinions; she's welcome to them, thanks to the Constitution. Meanwhile, the television industry — rapidly responsive and ever-prone to correcting the overvaluations of once bankable entities — snapped into action: Barr's show was canceled, reruns were pulled, and her reps dropped her, all within 24 hours. Paired together, the lenses of free speech and free market highlight a bigger idea, one that advocates of racism-under-the-guise-of-First-Amendment-freedoms are all too prone to forget: Even behaviors that are protected by law can have costly consequences.
* * *
At some point in this cycle, virulent alt-right conservatives will compare the fallout of Barr's tweets to some sort of state-sponsored censorship. It's not. ABC, the network in question, acted in response to a board and shareholders, rather than a government mandate. Channing Dungey, president of ABC Entertainment, looked like a genius by greenlighting the Roseanne reboot. Now she looks brave for making the call to kill it. Both of these things can be true at once. The world changes quickly and Dungey, the company she represents, and its parent company, Disney, all know how to recognize dead weight. They employ longterm thinking, are beholden to audience opinions, and wouldn't dare take on the ill will that would come from supporting a racist, even if Barr's tweets wouldn't completely poison the show's ratings in season two.
The whole case study reflects a cycle of actions and reactions that any Ayn Rand-loving libertarian or MAGA-hat-wearing conservative ought to be thrilled by. And it's exactly what our society needs: Humans forced to evolve and think deeper about how they treat one another, not as a result of legislation, but as a result of society's own arc toward respecting dignity for all and how that arc affects the businesses we patronize.
In short: Our culture will not stand for bigotry, so if you act like a bigot you should expect a reckoning. If you employ a bigot, you should rethink the relationship — before the bigot-haters pull their support, thereby making you less money.
Twitter/ @ChaseMit
If this sounds to you like “the PC brigade gets to decide what's on television” know that it both is and isn't that. Yes, Twitter has given a voice to people historically marginalized by our society, people who now have the chance to speak out about offenses that were previously all too easily ignored. But studio heads are driven by a profit motive, and so, while they surely hear the complaints about any number of people in their employ, it's going to be the ones whose offenses are too large to be drowned out by their bankability that actually lose their jobs due to behavior. It's values-based corporate coercion conducted by a populace that votes with their dollars (or, in this case, their eyeballs).
Remember before you claim “left-wing censorship ruins everything,” that Dave Chapelle didn't get the rug pulled out from him because of his trans jokes, Jeffery Tambor is still on Arrested Development after being fired from Transparent over inappropriate behavior, and Apu is still on The Simpsons in light of the discussion created by Hari Kondabolu's recent documentary. You may believe that further actions were necessary in any or all of these cases, or that the fact that they didn't result in firings or cancellations are examples of bad behavior/ taste being tolerated in the entertainment industry, but you certainly can't view the situations above and then claim that public outrage is here to steal all of your favorite things.
Clearly, studios know well enough to handle these situations on a case-by-case basis. In this case, they responded to a particularly egregious example of racism by a person who has a history of similar behavior. It was a straightforward call morally, ethically, and financially.
Twitter / @RobertIger
So what of it? What are the larger societal implications of a racist rich person losing the chance to get richer due to her continually avowed racism?
Well, they're quite large, actually. We're a world torn asunder by tremendous upheaval. And while racists, sexists, transphobes, and enemies to equality everywhere seem to be crawling out of deep crevasses in our fractured landscape all too often, there's clearly a mass of citizens keenly interested in fighting against them. The Roseanne cancellation proves that one of the tools moving forward for those pursuing a more just nation is the free market — beloved by those who might otherwise prove resistant to the current progressive social revolution.
The swift actions of ABC come in response to a nation that is clamoring for justice, but it was also a smart business decision. Those forces, taken in tandem, will help to motor a vital movement. It's not censorship, it's simple cause and effect.
A prominent researcher of the Holocaust said that Israel committed ”betrayal” when it ended its diplomatic row with Poland over the legal status there of some rhetoric on the genocide.
Prof. Yehuda Bauer, academic advisor to the Yad Vashem state museum on the Holocaust in Jerusalem, said this during a radio interview aired Saturday about Israel's reaction to the passing of an amendment on June 27 in Poland. It removed criminal penalties from a law passed in January that criminalized blaming the Polish nation for Nazi crimes.
Yad Vashem said in a statement that the amendment was “a positive development in the right direction.”
But Bauer said of Polish officials in the interview: “They deceived us, they made fools of us, and the State of Israel prioritized diplomatic and trade relations with Poland over trifles like the Holocaust.”
The law from January triggered an unprecedented crisis in Polish-Israeli relations, that at one point featured Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu condemning as “outrageous” a remark about the Holocaust by his Polish counterpart, Mateusz Morawiecki. The dispute also unleashed anti-Polish sentiment in some Jewish circles, including in a video produced by the Ruderman Family Foundation that featured Jews saying “Polish Holocaust” in defiance of the law. The phrase is offensive to many in Poland, where the Nazis killed three million Polish Jews and another three million non-Jewish ones.
The two leaders reconciled following the amendment, releasing a joint statement acknowledging Polish collaboration as well as heroism during the Holocaust. It also condemned expressions of anti-Polish sentiment. Netanyahu thanked Yad Vashem's chief historian Dina Porat for “accompanying the work” of a task team charged with resolving the dispute.
But, when asked about Israel's positive reaction to the amendment, Bauer told the Israel Broadcasting Corp. in an interview aired Saturday: “I think it borders on betrayal. We in fact sealed their narrative for them, the story they tell themselves, which is an entirely mendacious story, this story became a law and we gave it our seal of approval.”
Later on in the interview, he said that by “mendacious story,” he meant what he regards as an exaggerated emphasis on the rescuers of Jews and too little attention to thousands of Poles who either killed Jews or turned them over the Nazis.
Bauer then added that the amendment still exposes theoretically people who blame Poles for Nazi crimes to lawsuits in civil court.
Israel's public approval of the amendment passed by Poland's right-wing government is therefore “betrayal, betrayal, betrayal, betrayal of the great Polish liberals out there, truly wonderful people, who are telling the truth, who are investigating,” Bauer said.
“It means they will blame the liberal Poles, they will accuse them as violating the honor of Poland, they will be fined and they will be bankrupt, stripped of their budgets, they are liable to lose their jobs,” Bauer said.
He also said in the same interview that the fact that the Israeli parliament has not recognized the Armenian genocide as such is also “betrayal.”
Scientists Create Star Wars-Style 3-D Projections
One of the enduring sci-fi moments of the big screen -- R2-D2 beaming a 3-D image of Princess Leia into thin air in "Star Wars" -- is closer to reality thanks to the smallest of screens: dust-like particles.
Scientists have figured out how to manipulate nearly unseen specks in the air and use them to create 3-D images that are more realistic and clearer than holograms, according to a study in Wednesday's journal Nature. The study's lead author, Daniel Smalley, said the new technology is "printing something in space, just erasing it very quickly."
In this case, scientists created a small butterfly appearing to dance above a finger and an image of a graduate student imitating Leia in the Star Wars scene.
Even with all sorts of holograms already in use, this new technique is the closest to replicating that Star Wars scene.
"The way they do it is really cool," said Curtis Broadbent, of the University of Rochester, who wasn't part of the study but works on a competing technology. "You can have a circle of people stand around it and each person would be able to see it from their own perspective. And that's not possible with a hologram."
The tiny specks are controlled with laser light, like the fictional tractor beam from "Star Trek," said Smalley, an electrical engineering professor at Brigham Young University. Yet it was a different science fiction movie that gave him the idea: The scene in the movie "Iron Man" when the Tony Stark character dons a holographic glove. That couldn't happen in real life because Stark's arm would disrupt the image.
Going from holograms to this type of technology -- technically called volumetric display -- is like shifting from a two-dimensional printer to a three-dimensional printer, Smalley said. Holograms appear to the eye to be three-dimensional, but "all of the magic is happening on a 2-D surface," Smalley said.
The key is trapping and moving the particles around potential disruptions -- like Tony Stark's arm -- so the "arm is no longer in the way," Smalley said.
Initially, Smalley thought gravity would make the particles fall and make it impossible to sustain an image, but the laser light energy changes air pressure in a way to keep them aloft, he said.
Other versions of volumetric display use larger "screens" and "you can't poke your finger into it because your fingers would get chopped off," said Massachusetts Institute of Technology professor V. Michael Bove, who wasn't part of the study team but was Smalley's mentor.
The device Smalley uses is about one-and-a-half times the size of a children's lunchbox, he said.
So far the projections have been tiny, but with more work and multiple beams, Smalley hopes to have bigger projections.
This method could one day be used to help guide medical procedures -- as well as for entertainment, Smalley said. It's still years away from daily use.
© 2018 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: University of Rochester YouTubeVideo .
Roanoke County wrestles with stormwater management issues
| By
The Roanoke County Board of Supervisors got an earful at their meeting last week about flooded backyards after the May 27 rainstorm. One supervisor especially felt their pain as WFIR's Gene Marrano reports:
7-4 RoCo Flooding Wrap#1-WEB
Banks and energy companies surged Wednesday and smaller companies made huge gains as stocks got back almost all the ground they lost the day before. Investors reversed course as they hoped Italy would be able to avoid a new round of elections after all.
On Wednesday:
The S&P 500 index advanced 34.15 points, or 1.3 percent, to 2,724.01.
The Dow Jones industrial average rose 306.33 points, or 1.3 percent, to 24,667.78.
The Nasdaq composite added 65.86 points, or 0.9 percent, to 7,462.45.
The Russell 2000 index soared 24.34 points, or 1.5 percent, to 1,647.99.
For the week:
The S&P 500 is up 2.68 points, or 0.1 percent.
The Dow is down 85.31 points, or 0.3 percent.
The Nasdaq is up 28.60 points, or 0.4 percent.
The Russell 2000 is up 21.06 points, or 1.3 percent.
For the year:
The S&P 500 is up 50.40 points, or 1.9 percent.
The Dow is down 51.44 points, or 0.2 percent.
The Nasdaq is up 559.06 points, or 8.1 percent.
The Russell 2000 is up 112.48 points, or 7.3 percent.
Tight security will be in place at Ariana Grande's concerts in Rome and Turin this week after a nail bomb killed 22 people and injured 119 at the end of the US singer's packed gig in Manchester last month.
Backpacks, bags, cans, bottles, umbrellas and all “offensive objects” will be banned from Grande's sell-out concerts at Rome's Palalottomatica on Thursday and Turin's PalaAlpitour on Saturday, Italy's Interior Ministry announced.
All fans attending Grande's concerts at the two arenas – Italy's biggest – will be required to pass through metal detectors, according to the ministry.
Palalottomatica has 10,500 seats and the PalaAlpitour 12,300.
The security measures will apply to 1,700 major sporting, musical and cultural events taking place in Italy this summer and were announced by the ministry after the Manchester Arena blast on May 22.
Grande briefly suspended her Dangerous Woman world tour after the bombing, whose victims included children and their parents, tweeting that she was “broken, from the bottom of my heart”.
The bombing, carried out by Libyan-descended Briton Salman Ramadan Abedi, was claimed by the Islamic State jihadist group in revenge for attacks on “Muslim lands”.
ARLINGTON, Texas (AP) — A person with direct knowledge of the deal says the Texas Rangers and right-hander Chris Martin have agreed on a $4 million, two-year contract after the reliever spent the past two seasons in Japan.
The Rangers will be Martin's third major league team after previous stints with Colorado and the New York Yankees. The person spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity Monday because the deal was pending a physical.
It's the second time in recent years the Rangers have tried to bolster their bullpen with someone who pitched in Japan, and this is a homegrown talent. The 31-year-old Martin went to Arlington High School before a long road that finally reached the majors with the Rockies in 2014.
Two years ago, the Rangers signed Tony Barnette after the right-hander spent six seasons in Japan. He signed for a third season in Texas earlier this month.
___
AP Baseball Writer Ronald Blum contributed to this report.
___
More AP MLB: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
A hooded man holds a laptop computer as blue screen with an exclamation mark is projected on him in this illustration picture taken on May 13, 2017. REUTERS/Kacper Pempel/Illustration
By Dustin Volz
SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - British cybersecurity researcher Marcus Hutchins pleaded not guilty on Monday to federal charges he built and sold malicious code used to steal banking credentials.
Hutchins, 23, rose to overnight fame within the hacker community in May when he helped defang the global "WannaCry" ransomware attack, which infected hundreds of thousands of computers in May and caused disruptions at factories, hospitals, shops and schools in more than 150 countries.
He was arrested earlier this month in Las Vegas on unrelated hacking charges. U.S. prosecutors have claimed that he and an unnamed co-defendant advertised, distributed and profited from malware code known as "Kronos" between July 2014 and 2015.
The case has drawn intense interest from the hacker community for the implications it may pose for cyber research and concerns it may deteriorate an often tense relationship between hackers and law enforcement.
Hutchins is a "brilliant young man and a hero," his attorney, Marcia Hoffman, told reporters on Monday shortly after the arraignment.
"He is going to vigorously defend himself against these charges, and when the evidence comes to light, we are confident he will be fully vindicated," she said.
If downloaded from email attachments, Kronos left victims' systems vulnerable to theft of banking and credit card credentials, which could then be used to siphon money from bank accounts.
(Reporting by Dustin Volz, editing by G Crosse)
The Israeli embassy in Washington, D.C. held an official event on Tuesday to commemorate "pride month" and celebrate Israel's LGBT community. The event was...
All those who are pictured are presumed innocent until proven guilty in a court of law. Every effort is made to ensure the accuracy of information posted on this web site. However, Wyo4News does not guarantee the accuracy or timeliness of the content. Names may be similar or identical to other individuals. For the latest case status, contact the arresting law enforcement agency.
BRYSON, NICOLE SUE
Age: 35
Address: ROCK SPRINGS, WY
Booking Type: PRE-TRIAL
Booking Date: 2018-02-02
Arresting Agency: RSPD
Charges: Arrest and Hold Order/PC Arrest for Probation/Parole Violation Status: PENDING, Bond: , Court: District Court
2018-02-02RSPD KISKIS, STEPHEN RAY Age: 48
Address: ROCK SPRINGS, WY Booking Type: PRE-TRIAL Booking Date: 2018-02-02
Arresting Agency: SCSO
Charges: Unlawful Possession – Liquid Form < 3/10 Gram – 3rd+ Offense (WRNT BOND VIOLATION) Status: PENDING, Bond: #1508, SURETY OR CASH, $50000, Court: District Court
Unlawful Possession – Liquid Form < 3/10 Gram – 3rd+ Offense (WRNT BOND VIOLATION) Status: PENDING, Bond: #1510, BOND REQ GIVEN, $0, Court: District Court
2018-02-02SCSO LELL, ALAN THOMAS Age: 19
Address: RELIANCE, WY Booking Type: PRE-TRIAL Booking Date: 2018-02-02
Arresting Agency: RSPD
Charges: Unlawful Possession – Plant Form < 3 Ounces – 1st Offense Status: PENDING, Bond: #1511, SURETY OR CASH, $1000, Court: Circuit Court West
2018-02-02RSPD
SCHOFIELD, CHRISTINE DENISE
Age: 53
Address: MANILA, UT
Booking: 2018-02-02
Released: 2018-02-03
Type: PRE-TRIAL Arresting Agency: WHP
Charges: Warrant Arrest (WRNT FTA) Status: PENDING, Bond: #1513, CASH, $410, Court: Circuit Court West
Two giant trophies and their corresponding banners now residing in the Howard Finch Gym will forever attest to the brilliant career of Jo Snow in a Mount Airy basketball uniform.
On Monday, the 5'3” senior point guard received yet another honor, two days after taking part in the Triad All-Star Classic in Walkertown. A year ago, Snow was named to a few 1A All-State basketball teams. This year, she can claim the honor without regard to classification, as she was named as one of the state's 15 best women's basketball players by the N.C. Basketball Coaches Association.
The NCBCA named its All-State teams, choosing 15 men's and women's players and dividing them into a first, second and third team, based on the number of votes received. Snow was named to the second team, and was one of only two players from a traditional 1A school to make any of the lists. Murphy's Jessica Beckner, a player that Snow once identified as one of the toughest defenders she ever had to contend with, made the women's third team.
Prior to the state winning the state championship with the Lady Bears on March 9, Snow had been named to the NCBCA's All-District team, but didn't win District Player of the Year, which went to another point guard, Janiya Downs of South Rowan. However, Snow got more All-State votes than Downs, who was named to the third team.
The only men's player from the region who made All-State was Daivien Williamson of Winston-Salem Prep, who made the second team.
Snow had a remarkable career as a four-year starter for the Lady Bears, winning All-Conference honors three times. In her junior and senior seasons, Mount Airy won back-to-back state championships, going 30-2 in 2017 and 27-2 this season. Snow was named as the MVP of the state championship game in both seasons, made the All-District team both years, was Northwest 1A Conference Player of the Year both years, and followed up last year's 1A All-State citation with the full distinction this season.
The All-State list was dominated by players from large schools. Elissa Cunane of Northern Guilford was named as state Player of the Year, with Darlene Joyner of Northwest Guilford as state Coach of the Year after repeating as 4A state champion. Cunane, Nyjanique Langley of North Pitt, Ahiana Smith of Mallard Creek, Jada McMillian of Southeast Raleigh and Elizabeth Kitley of Northwest Guilford made up the first team. Alexandra Scruggs of E.E. Smith, Saniya Rivers of Wilmington Laney, Snow, Elana Ingram of Roxboro Community and Areon Laurent of Jacksonville were the second team. Kennedy Todd-Williams of Jacksonville, Evonna McGill of Ashbrook, Beckner, Downs and Dazia Lawrence of Mallard Creek made up the third team.
Wendell Moore Jr. of Cox Mill was the men's state Player of the Year, with Tony Marshburn of Northside-Jacksonville winning Coach of the Year honors.
Snow had modest overall numbers, averaging only about 13 points per game, but frequently came out of blowout wins early on, and rarely looked to score big unless her team needed it. In the second round of the playoffs against Alleghany, a team with a dominant frontcourt, Snow outscored them 23-21 in the first half all by herself, and later exploded for big numbers against East Wilkes and in the state finals against Pamlico. She also had a massive impact on games defensively throughout her career, including a memorable steal of an inbounds pass in the final seconds of the 2017 regional semifinals that preserved a one-point win over Murphy.
Snow has yet to announce her college plans, but wherever she goes, she will do it as an All-State performer in both track and field and women's basketball.
Jo Snow shows off her second straight NCHSAA 1A state championship game MVP Award following her team's win in the finals on March 9 in Raleigh. Snow was named to the NCBCA All-State Team on Monday. https://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/03/web1_DSC_0368.jpg Jo Snow shows off her second straight NCHSAA 1A state championship game MVP Award following her team's win in the finals on March 9 in Raleigh. Snow was named to the NCBCA All-State Team on Monday. John Cate | The News Jo Snow brings the ball across the time-line in the 1A state championship game against Pamlico on March 9. Snow scored 27 points and won MVP honors. On Monday, she was named All-State. https://www.mtairynews.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/03/web1_DSC_0310.jpg Jo Snow brings the ball across the time-line in the 1A state championship game against Pamlico on March 9. Snow scored 27 points and won MVP honors. On Monday, she was named All-State. John Cate | The News
It was an amazing weekend celebrating the culture of Hip-Hop with music, art, fashion, dance, technology, business, networking and more in Downtown Brooklyn for the 4th annual Source 360 festival, conference, and marketplace. The excitement is not over as SOURCE360 and North Star Charities, in partnership with Brooklyn Borough President Eric L. Adams and Globe Star Media-N-Entertainment, presents the August 14th installment of the 2017 Wingate Concert Series.
On this evening (August 14th), attendees will be treated to “Legends of Hip-Hop” featuring artists such as Big Daddy Kane, C + C Music Factory, Chubb Rock, Das Efx, DJ Enuff, DJ Scratch, M.O.P, and Special Ed. The free concert will take place deep into the heart of Brooklyn at Wingate Field at 7PM, 600 Kingston Avenue, Brooklyn, NY.
This event closes off the SOURCE360 weekend, which featured the annual block party and panels pertaining to Community and Policing, Hip Hop in Technology and Bridging the Gap between the Hispanic and Urban communities. It also included special showcases titled Mic Check and Unsigned Hype, held on Friday August 11th, where up and coming artists such as Casanova, Jay Critch, Chris Rivers, Axel Leon, and Manolo Rose among others took the stage.
The concert this evening, celebrating legends in Hip-Hop, will be a great way to end off Source 360 with a display of the genre's origins. SOURCE360 is all about bringing everything full circle, focusing on the past, present, and future of Hip-Hop culture. Come pay your respects to those artists who helped pave the way for the success of today's Hip-Hop stars. We are sure you will enjoy it.
Special shoutout goes to Brooklyn Borough President Eric L. Adams, Globestar, NorthStar Charities and their respective teams (and sponsors) who have worked tirelessly on the 2017 Wingate Concert Series to provide a host of quality music programming to the community. Check out the flyer below for full details on the concerts and come out to Wingate Field tonight.
Previously, the August 7th concert was a Gospel celebration headlined by Mary Mary. August 21st will focus on “The Soul of R&B” headlined by names like Full Force and Kelly Price. The series will close on August 28th with “Afro-Carribean Flavor” featuring Mr. Eazy and Rupee.
NEW YORK (AP) — The fashion accessory of the Grammy Awards: A single white rose, either pinned or conveniently left with a long stem for red carpet vamping.
The message, of course, is a serious one as the music industry looked to follow up the anti-sexual misconduct show of black looks at the Golden Globes. This time, stars were called on to grab a white rose in solidarity. Many did, both men and women, with some also wearing the Time's Up pins that popped up at the Globes to support the new coalition of the same name in defense of women.
Erin Cunningham, fashion news director at Refinery29.com, wasn't sold on the white roses, going forward at least.
"It seemed kind of last-minute. As these awards show continue, organizations are going to have to figure out a way beyond just carrying or holding something on the red carpet to take the movement forward. I think the first time, seeing everyone in black at the Golden Globes, really made a statement, but we need to evolve past just wearing something on the red carpet."
Tiffany Reid, senior fashion editor at Cosmopolitan, said ignoring such red carpet moments is precarious.
"At this point, if you're not speaking up you're getting criticized as much as the people who are doing things that are not appropriate," she said.
Overall, the usual wacky carpet at the Grammys was more subdued than in years past. There was plenty of black, both traditional tuxedos and dresses and more edgy outfits.
But there was also lots of color: Thank you Sir Elton John and your Gucci sequin and crystal embellished jacket in blue, gold and silver. Bonus: Your yellow acetate sunglasses and "Elton John" rings. He was equally bedazzled as he performed "Tiny Dancer" with Miley Cyrus during the show.
Lady Gaga, Katie Holmes and Kelly Clarkson were among those who decided on black for the red carpet, including Cyrus in a nicely done pantsuit by Jean Paul Gaultier. She changed into a red tulle gown by Zac Posen to perform.
"She's been on kind of hiatus on the red carpet and seeing her in something that's really classic and toned down, I think she looked really beautiful," Cunningham said of her black outfit.
Others who walked the carpet focused more on structure.
"Ladies also chose to wear statement-making, voluminous, almost architectural designs. Cardi B, for example, wore a dress that looked almost as if it had angel wings, while Ashanti's gold skirt billowed out in a fun lampshade silhouette," said Rachel Torgerson, fashion editor for Cosmopolitan.com.
Suiting was clearly an inspiration for women at the Grammys. Andra Day did it beautifully in bright pink for a long dress with red trim, tuxedo lapels and pocket details. Her hair was piled high in a beehive. Eve wore a sophisticated crystal-encrusted striped suit by Naeem Khan, the jacket worn without a top underneath.
"She really hasn't been around lately so it was a surprise to see her and she looked amazing," Cunningham said.
Torgerson praised other such touches.
"Anna Kendrick went with a high-waisted plaid pantsuit, while Kesha's navy blue ensemble had country vibes," she said.
Plenty of men went for classic black tuxes, but not all.
Zayn Malik chose a pink suit with notch lapels from Richard James. Sam Smith was in vibrant green and DJ Khaled in deep red velvet, accompanied by his year-old son Asahd in a little matching look.
Overall, few stars went out of the box as in previous years.
"It seems that people really played it safe and I'm not sure why that is," Cunningham said. "It would have been nice to see more of those JLo in Versace moments."
Speaking of Gaga, her lace catsuit with a full statement skirt was by Armani Prive. Her long platinum hair was swept back in a fishtail braid. The look earned her high praise all around on a carpet that wasn't quite as star-studded as usual.
Another name on top of best-dressed lists: Lana Del Rey in a custom Gucci ivory double silk crepe gown with crystal star embroidery, a soft draped V-neck and a long crystal rope necklace. She completed the look with a headpiece made of silver and crystal stars and metallic high heel platform shoes.
"In terms of just a beautiful dress, it stood out," Cunningham said.
Reid praised Hailee Steinfeld's strapless white body hugger with a center slit at the front. She paired it with high purple boots that had a metallic sheen.
"I loved that she was very minimal with her look. I would have gone without the boots but I still loved the dress on her and the beauty was great. The hair was sleek, pulled back. It was very minimal," she said.
She lauded the pregnant Chrissy Teigen in a full-on silver sequin dress by Yanina Couture. It was belted above the waist, had sleeves with slits at the forearms that fell below the wrists and included a center slit, with a hem that stopped above the ankles.
"I think she's taking maternity style to the next level," Reid said. "At certain angles you couldn't even tell that she's pregnant."
But Gaga was her best dressed.
"She gave me a Khaleesi 'Game of Thrones' vibe," Reid said.
The black was a definite carry over from the Golden Globes, but also an expression that some designers are showing more black on runways, she said.
"The world is definitely not what it used to be," Reid said. "We're not as happy as we all were, but it's been a very dark season in couture."
Cardi B's fairy godmother moment earned praise from Reid as well. It was a white lace creation by Ashi Studio that included a high-low hem, full off-the-shoulder sleeves and multiple tiers all along to provide volume to spare. What better way to show up her massive 8-carat engagement ring from fiance Offset.
"It was an interesting choice for her. It was very playful, fun," Reid said. "It really goes with her character that has made her so popular with everybody."
Cunningham was among those in the Gaga camp.
"I liked it," she said. "I don't think it was anything crazy or unexpected but I appreciate that she figured out how to make a statement without wearing meat."
____
For full coverage of awards season, visit: https://apnews.com/tag/AwardsSeason
When a master guitar creator wants to build a hot rod, he does it the only way he knows how!
Hot rods and guitars go together like a crazy lady and 27 cats. So what kind of guitar does a hot rodder play? Well, a car-guitar, of course! Enter McSwain Guitars. Steve McSwain is a master luthier and the go-to guy for elite guitarists in the industry. His start as a guitar builder began when he bought his first blank guitar body and “just started carving.” That first experimental guitar ended up being such an amazing balance of art and sound that it is now in Steve Vai's personal collection; he quite literally carved his path in life when creating that first custom guitar.
Being “drawn to anything that is handmade” is what defines Steve as an artist. He says when an artist takes the time to handbuild each piece, they are passing on their energy into what they are creating, be it a custom car or a custom guitar—there is a huge sense of pride and satisfaction once you finish. Steve says he's always been a fan of classic cars, American muscle in particular. Since he doesn't have a lift in his shop, the next best thing is to create them in the only medium he knows: electric guitars.
So far, he has made a 1958 Corvette, 1957 T-bird, and a 1967 GTO. Every piece is handbuilt, with working headlights and the sound quality that makes Marshall stacks rattle off the stage. He also has a line of recycled oil-can guitars that are equally badass. His client list ranges from enthusiasts looking for a one-of-a-kind axe to legends of rock and roll like Slash, Vernon Reid, Jerry Cantrell, and more.
To see his full line of guitars, art, and more, check out his website: McSwainGuitars.com.
Business owner Ramona Welch was joined by Lebanon Mayor Bernie Ash, chamber chair Jud Nave, president Melanie Minter, chamber ambassadors and staff. The new addition to Urban Mills Promotions is at 126 Public Square in Lebanon. For more information, visit facebook.com/UrbanMillsPromo.
Here's a look inside the store:
Ninety migrants are feared drowned after a boat capsized off the Libyan coast, says the UN's migration agency.
Three survivors said most of those who drowned were Pakistani nationals. Libyans were also aboard.
Libya has for years been a major transit route for migrants trying to reach southern Europe by sea.
EU countries have wrangled over both reducing migrant numbers and deciding which countries are responsible for processing migrants on arrival.
The EU struck a deal with the Libyan coastguard last year to help intercept migrants and return them to Libya.
But aid agencies and the UN accused European governments of taking an “inhuman” approach.
What happened in the latest disaster?
From a boat carrying more than 90, only three survivors are reported – two of whom managed to swim to shore, while the third was picked up by a fishing boat.
“Ten bodies are reported to have washed up on Libyan shores,” the International Organization for Migration (IOM) said in a statement.
Unusually, there were also Libyans among the dead and survivors of the shipwreck, reports the BBC's North Africa correspondent Rana Jawad.
The Facebook page of the security directorate in the coastal city of Zuwara, where the bodies washed up, said a Libyan woman had drowned, but that of the three survivors two were Libyan nationals.
What's unusual about the nationalities of those on board?
The majority of incidents of this kind involve migrants from sub-Saharan Africa.
In this case, most of those on board were Pakistani. The IOM says this is becoming more common.
While Pakistanis were 13th on a list of the number of migrants trying to reach Europe last year by nationality, so far this year they are third, the IOM says.
Perhaps aware of the danger, Libyans rarely attempt the boat journey from their country to southern Europe.
Some cases of illegal Libyan migration were documented last year, but they usually involved sturdier boats that were carrying few people.
Haven't the numbers of migrants reaching Europe been declining?
Overall this year, the IOM reports that there have been 6,624 arrivals by sea to Europe, compared to 5,983 in the same period of 2017.
So the numbers are comparable but this year's figures still represent a considerable bounce-back following a dramatic fall over the second half of 2017, the IOM told the BBC.
Some of last year's decline can be attributed to the EU's controversial deal with the Libyan coastguard, but the IOM also believes there were difficulties within the people-trafficking industry.
“We think that there was a lot of pent-up demand in terms of migrants being held in warehouses by the smugglers,” said the IOM's Joel Millman.
If the channels have been opened again, that might explain the sudden surge which has seen numbers increase again.
The system will be on display at CES in a Chrysler 300, but the two companies haven't said how likely it is that you'll see this translate from an experiment to full-fledged production. Having said this, it won't be at all shocking if they move forward. Fiat Chrysler has been keeping up with the Joneses through support for tech like Android Auto or Apple CarPlay, but it's not at the cutting edge compared to the likes of Ford or Tesla. Android gives it a solid framework that, by its nature, is designed for the internet and smartphone tie-ins. And it's not hard to see what Google gains: basing an infotainment stack around Android not only improves Google's stake in the automotive world, but reduces the chances that carmakers will use platforms that support CarPlay and other competing technologies.
The Democratic Alliance in KwaZulu-Natal believes that a “salary” of R1-million a month paid to former president Jacob Zuma by the Royal Security company‚ owned by Durban businessman and ANC-funder Roy Moodley‚ came from the eThekwini municipality.
This was revealed by provincial DA leader Zwakele Mncwango after his meeting with provincial Hawks boss Major-General Jabulani Zikhali at the police headquarters in Durban on Monday. The meeting was held to discus a number of forensic reports which the DA believes were not being properly investigated.
Mncwango told the media after his meeting with Zikhali that the DA will submit a report to the Hawks around Royal Security's contract with the eThekwini municipality.
“I think the major issue for us is that we strongly believe the money given by Royal Security to Jacob Zuma‚ which was R1-million‚ came from eThekwini. We do have some documents that show there was continuous awarding of this contract even though it expired – but they still have a contract with eThekwini even today‚” said Mncwango.
Smart locks began appearing on doors when building automation and the Internet of Things (IoT) went mainstream. However, the public's acceptance of smart locks has been less than stellar—initial cost vs. actual benefits are seemingly the primary reason why.
Image: Amazon
The low adoption of smart locks may soon change if the powers that be at Amazon have their way. The company recently introduced Amazon Key, a remotely-controlled building-access platform—consisting of Amazon's Cloud Cam, a compatible smart lock, and smartphone app (shown to the right)—that allows Amazon-approved delivery personnel to open locked doors and leave deliveries inside the customer's home or office. A slew of additional conveniences not related to package delivery may also help the acceptance of smart locks.
That said, the public's interest in smart locks will only improve if the benefits outweigh the costs, and the technology is proven to be physically safe and electronically secure.
Security issues have already been reported about Amazon Key. Liam Tung in his ZDNet article Amazon: We're fixing a flaw that leaves Key security camera open to Wi-Fi jamming writes, "A malicious courier could easily freeze the Key's Cloud Cam and roam a customer's house unmonitored."
Concerns about smart locks and security were raised way back in 2013. My TechRepublic article High-tech home security products: Who are they really helping? quotes several experts who question the security of smart locks and the technology supporting them.
SEE: Internet of Things Policy (Tech Pro Research)
AV-TEST put six smart locks' data security through their paces
Knowing what experts were saying about smart-lock systems four years ago and the likelihood of smart locks becoming popular, the people at AV-TEST, an independent IT-security testing lab, decided to see if things have improved. The lab's engineers developed a test program and put these six smart locks through their paces:
August Smart Lock (USA)
Burg-Wachter secuENTRY easy 501 (Germany)
Danalock V3 (Denmark)
eQ-3 Equiva Bluetooth Smart Lock (Germany)
Noke Padlock (USA)
Nuki Combo (Austria)
Test environments
Data security was the first thing considered by the engineers with special emphasis on acquisition, storage, and transmission of data; the following image depicts how they employed Wireshark to capture traffic between the smart lock being tested and the controlling smartphone application. Besides communications, the team examined each system's hardware and software, tested the software-update process, and determined whether the associated smart-lock application had any security issues.
Image: AV-TEST
The results
It seems smart locks have improved considerably in the past four-plus years. From the AV-TEST report: "Convenience does not have to mean less security. This reassuring conclusion can be made following the surprisingly strong results of the smart-lock testing." Concerning the test results, the test engineers offer the following insights.
Installation: Despite physical differences, all smart locks evaluated by AV-TEST installed easily—systems manufactured by eQ-3 and Nuki being the easiest.
Local communications: All tested smart locks are locally activated via Bluetooth. "As a standard feature, the smart locks use encryption, mostly AES with at least 128 bits," mentions the report. "Three locks, August, Danalock, and Nuki can encrypt at a higher rate—AES with 256 bits."
The AV-TEST engineers report that smart locks by August, Danalock, and Nuki can integrate with local Wi-Fi networks; this allows location-independent remote control using the mobile device's smart-lock app. According to the report, neither Bluetooth nor SSL-encrypted Wi-Fi connections introduce any detectable vulnerabilities.
Data protection: AV-TEST's engineers measured each smart lock's privacy policy against European data-protection law. One concern centered on whether systems save more data than what is needed to operate properly. From the report: "For August, Danalock, and Noke, the testers see a need for improvement, e.g., in terms of information on stored data and its use by third parties. An adaptation to European data-protection law would easily remedy these defects."
SEE: Cybersecurity in an IoT and mobile world (free PDF) (ZDNet/TechRepublic special report)
Smartphone-app security: The report warns that apps are a potential target for attackers, in particular how each app manages access permissions and log files. All smart-lock systems but August and Danalock handled access and log files adequately. The engineers are concerned that August and Danalock generate comprehensive debug logs that provide clues to how the app functions. Additionally, August keeps debug logs in a protected area, whereas Danalock does not, making it possible to read the log files using tools like Android Logcat. The report suggests both August and Danalock need to improve security in this area.
One serious misstep: The AV-TEST paper took issue with the smart lock from Burg-Wachter because the lock system does not require the user to change the default admin password. "A dangerous complacency, as IoT devices with unchanged default login details are easy prey for attackers," mentions the report.
Overall results
Each smart lock was rated on local communications, external communications, app security, and data protection, with three stars holding top honors. The following graph shows the overall results.
Image: AV-TEST
On a positive note, the AT-TEST report notes, "All in all, it appears the manufacturers of smart door locks, unlike many other manufacturers of smart home products, did their homework."
The report concludes by saying, "The AV-TEST Institute rated five out of six of the locking systems evaluated in the quick test as having solid basic security with theoretical vulnerabilities at the most."
Stay informed about IT security news, tips, and tutorials—subscribe to our Cybersecurity Insider newsletter. Subscribe
Also see
After Sanju: Sanjay Dutt's biopic, Ranbir Kapoor will be seen romancing with Vaani Kapoor in the upcoming movie Shamshera. Trade analyst Taran Adarsh took to his Twitter to share the release date of Shamshera. Helmed by Karan Malhotra, Shamshera will hit the theatres on July 31, 2020.
Ranbir Kapoor after Rajkumar Hirani's Sanju will now make his fans go crazy with his upcoming movie Shamshera. Trade analyst Taran Adarsh took to his official Twitter account to share the release date of Ranbir Kapoor starrer Shamshera opposite Shuddh Desi Romance actor Vaani Kapoor. The movie will also star Sanjay Dutt. Helmed by Karan Malhotra, the movie will hit the theatres on July 31, 2020. Produced by Aditya Chopra, Shamshera actors will kick-start the shooting by the end of 2018 and will wrap in 2019.
Ranbir Kapoor and Sanjay Dutt… #Shamshera release date finalised: 31 July 2020… Costars Vaani Kapoor… Produced by Aditya Chopra… Directed by Karan Malhotra… Starts 2018-end… Shooting will wrap by mid-2019. — taran adarsh (@taran_adarsh) July 4, 2018
ALSO READ: This throwback video of Shahrukh Khan talking about Sanjay Dutt will melt your heart
For all the latest Entertainment News, download NewsX App
Read More
Photo
The death of Heather D. Heyer, who was killed on Saturday after a man drove a car into counterprotesters at a white nationalist rally in Charlottesville, Va., was the latest in a string of fatal attacks that have raised the specter of far-right, racist or anti-immigrant violence.
The police said James Alex Fields Jr., 20, of Ohio was driving the car and charged him with second-degree murder and related crimes. The Department of Justice was opening a civil rights investigation into Ms. Heyer's death; Attorney General Jeff Sessions called it an act of terrorism.
During the rally, Mr. Fields was photographed marching with Vanguard America, which the Anti-Defamation League describes as a white supremacist group that uses Nazi rhetoric. One of his former teachers, Derek Weimer, told The Cincinnati Enquirer that Mr. Fields once wrote a paper “very much along the party lines of the neo-Nazi movement.”
Here is a list of recent killings that law enforcement officials have linked to suspects with a history of racist and anti-immigrant views or affiliation with white supremacist groups.
Indian Immigrants Shot in Kansas
Photo
Srinivas Kuchibhotla and Alok Madasani, two tech engineers from India, liked to go to a bar in Olathe, Kan., after work. One evening there in February, they encountered Adam W. Purinton, a 51-year-old white man, who questioned their immigration status and hurled racial slurs at them.
“He asked us what visa are we currently on and whether we are staying here illegally,” Mr. Madasani told The New York Times.
Mr. Purinton was kicked out of the bar but came back a short time later, angry and armed. He shot both men and then shot another man, Ian Grillot, who tried to catch him. Mr. Kuchibhotla was killed.
Mr. Purinton fled to Missouri, where he was arrested after telling a bartender he was on the run, the police said. He faces state charges of premeditated first-degree murder in Kansas and was indicted on federal hate crimes charges in June.
A Plan to Kill Black Men in New York
Photo
James Harris Jackson, a white man, traveled from Baltimore to New York City in March with the goal of killing black men, investigators said. Soon after he arrived, he fatally stabbed one, Timothy Caughman, 66, with a sword in Midtown Manhattan.
Mr. Jackson turned himself in to the police the day after the attack and told them where he disposed of the sword. He told investigators he wanted to kill black men in New York specifically because he would get more media attention there.
“We're very fortunate that it stopped at one, and it wasn't more,” Assistant Chief William Aubry, the commander of Manhattan South detectives, told reporters at the time.
Anti-Muslim Rant Leads to Fatal Stabbings
Photo
Jeremy Joseph Christian flew into a rage when he saw a young woman in a hijab on a commuter train in Portland, Ore., and began yelling anti-Muslim insults at her and her friend. When other passengers intervened, he pulled out a knife and slashed their throats.
Two people, Ricky John Best and Taliesin Myrddin Namkai Meche, were killed, and a third, Micah David-Cole Fletcher, was seriously wounded. Mr. Christian was charged with two counts of aggravated murder but defended the killings in a courtroom rant.
“Death to the enemies of America. Leave this country if you hate our freedom,” he said. “You call it terrorism, I call it patriotism.”
One of the women Mr. Christian yelled at on the train, Destinee Mangum, 16, thanked the stabbing victims for saving her life. She told reporters she is not Muslim.
Former Neo-Nazi Kills Roommates in Florida
Photo
Devon Arthurs, 18, a former neo-Nazi who converted to Islam, took three people hostage inside a head shop in Tampa, Fla., in May. He told the hostages he was angry about American bombings in the Muslim world and said he had killed someone.
The police convinced Mr. Arthurs to release the hostages and arrested him. He told them he had killed two of his roommates, Jeremy Himmelman, 22, and Andrew Oneschuk, 18, because they did not respect his religious beliefs. He said they were neo-Nazis, which their families denied.
The police also arrested a fourth roommate, Brandon Russell, 21, after they found a stockpile of bomb-making material in his bedroom and a picture of Timothy McVeigh, the Oklahoma City bomber, on his dresser.
Mr. Arthurs was charged with two counts of murder. Mr. Russell was charged with two counts related to the explosive material.
A Killing at the University of Maryland
Photo
Richard W. Collins III, 23, had just been commissioned as a second lieutenant in the Army and was three days from graduating from Bowie State University in Maryland when he was stabbed and killed by Sean C. Urbanski, 22, a student at the University of Maryland. Mr. Collins was black and Mr. Urbanski is white.
David B. Mitchell, the police chief at the University of Maryland, said Mr. Urbanski belonged to a Facebook group called “Alt-Reich: Nation” whose content contained “extreme bias against women, Latinos, members of the Jewish faith, and especially African-Americans.”
But Prince George's County State's Attorney, Angela D. Alsobrooks, said prosecutors would “need something probably more than just a Facebook posting” to pursue a hate crimes charge.
“We do not have enough evidence to say conclusively whether this is a hate crime,” she said in May. “What we can say is that we will leave no stone unturned.”
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va. -- Records from 911 calls show the driver charged with killing a woman at a white supremacist rally was previously accused of beating his mother and threatening her with a knife.
Authorities say 20-year-old James Fields drove his car into a crowd of counter-protesters on Saturday in Charlottesville. At least two dozen were wounded in addition to the woman killed.
The records the Florence Police Department in Kentucky show the man's mother had called police in 2011. Records show Fields' mother, Samantha Bloom, told police he stood behind her wielding a 12-inch knife. Bloom is disabled and uses a wheelchair.
In another incident in 2010, Bloom said that Fields smacked her in the head and locked her in the bathroom after she told him to stop playing video games. Bloom told officers Fields was on medication to control his temper.
ALEXANDRIA, Va. (AP) – Lawmakers are returning to the Capitol and, they hope, to some semblance of normalcy a day after a rifle-wielding attacker opened fire on Republican lawmakers as they practiced for a charity baseball game. House GOP Whip Steve Scalise of Louisiana was critically wounded in the attack that also injured aides and Capitol police. The assailant, who had nursed grievances against President Donald Trump and the GOP, fought a running gun battle with police before he, too, was shot and later died.
PREVIOUS: President Trump said in a live televised address that the suspected gunman has died. Law enforcement officials identify him as James T. Hodgkinson, 66, from Belleville, Ill.
WASHINGTON (AP) — A top House Republican, Steve Scalise of Louisiana, was shot and wounded by a rifle-wielding gunman Wednesday at a congressional baseball practice just outside of Washington. Several other people were also wounded, and at least two were in critical condition.
Capitol Police officers who were in Scalise's security detail returned fire and wounded the shooter, who was taken into custody. In all, five people were taken to area hospitals, including the suspect, Alexandria police said.
Scalise, 51, the No. 3 House Republican leader first elected to the House in 2008, was in stable condition and undergoing surgery at a nearby hospital. He was shot in the hip, and his injuries were not life-threatening.
Two other people wounded were in critical condition at the George Washington University Hospital, a spokeswoman said, but the condition of the two others was not immediately known. Texas Rep. Roger Williams, who coaches the GOP team, said a member of his staff was shot and was receiving medical attention.
The gunman had a rifle and “a lot of ammo,” said Sen. Jeff Flake of Arizona, who was at the practice.
President Donald Trump said he was “deeply saddened by this tragedy” and was monitoring developments. The House cancelled proceedings for the day.
The shocking event occurred at a popular park and baseball complex in Alexandria, Virginia, where Republican lawmakers and others were gathered for a morning practice about 7 a.m. They were in good spirits despite the heat and humidity as they prepared for the congressional baseball match that pits Republicans against Democrats. The popular annual face-off was scheduled for Thursday evening at Nationals Park across the Potomac River in Washington.
The team was taking batting practice when gunshots rang out and chaos erupted.
Scalise was fielding balls on second base when he was shot, according to lawmakers present, then dragged himself into the outfield to get away from the gunman.
Rep. Mo Brooks, an Alabama Republican, said his colleague “crawled into the outfield, leaving a trail of blood.”
“We started giving him the liquids, I put pressure on his wound in his hip,” Brooks said.
Texas Rep. Joe Barton, still in his baseball uniform, told reporters a shooter came out to the practice and opened fire, shooting at Rep. Trent Kelly, R-Miss., who plays third base.
“He shot at Steve Scalise, our second baseman. He hit Steve Scalise,” Barton said, “Scalise's security detail and the Capitol Hill police immediately returned fire, and Alexandria Police also immediately came and began to return fire. They shot the shooter. The security detail saved a lot of lives because they attacked the shooter.”
Barton described the shooter as a “middle aged man. Blue jeans and a blue shirt. I think he was anglo. He had a rifle and I think he had an automatic pistol, but I wouldn't swear to it.”
Barton said the shooting lasted 5-10 minutes, and there were dozens if not hundreds of shots fired.
“It was scary,” Barton said.
Lawmakers took cover in the dugout. Barton said his son, Jack, got under an SUV.
FBI special agent in charge Tim Slater said it was “too early to say” whether it was an act of terrorism, or whether Scalise was targeted.
Sen. Flake, of Arizona, said he took cover in the dugout as the gunman and law enforcement exchanged fire. In the dugout, he said, he helped treat one aide who, after being shot in the leg near center field, managed to get there.
After the gunfire stopped, Flake ran onto the field and began to apply pressure on Scalise's wound. After medical personnel arrived, he said he retrieved Scalise's phone and made the first call to Scalise's wife to notify her of the shooting. He said he did so to ensure that Mrs. Scalise would not find out about the shooting through the media.
Flake estimated that more than 50 shots were fired.
Scalise, a popular and gregarious lawmaker, is known for his love of baseball and handed out commemorative baseball bats to fellow lawmakers when he secured the No. 3 job of House whip several years ago.
Katie Filous was walking her two dogs near the field when she heard “a lot of shots.” She said the shooting “went on for quite a while.”
Filous said she saw the shooter hit a uniformed law enforcement officer, who she said was later evacuated by helicopter. She said the officer had gotten out of a parked car, drawn a handgun and shouted something to the gunman, who then fired.
Rep. Jeff Duncan said in a statement that he was at the practice and said “saw the shooter.”
“Please pray for my colleagues,” Duncan said.
Susan Griffiths, a spokeswoman at the George Washington University Hospital, said two people from the shooting were being treated at the hospital, both in critical condition.
In a brief interview in a Senate hallway, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said, “I think everybody handled it well and things seem to be under control.”
Other lawmakers were stunned in the aftermath of the event, which raised questions about the security of members of Congress. While the top lawmakers, including Scalise, have security details, others do not and regularly appear in public without protection. The last time a lawmaker was wounded was when Democratic Rep. Gabby Giffords of Arizona was shot in the head and grievously injured while meeting with constituents at a supermarket parking lot in 2011.
HRH The Prince of Wales was greeted with smiles and flags on his visit to Tattershall Castle and the neighbouring Holy Trinity Church this afternoon (Monday).
Prince Charles first enjoyed a tour of the castle, where he admired historic graffiti scratched into the stonework and viewed tapestries.
HRH Prince Charles in Tattershall.
Prince Charles then climbed to the very top of the castle to take in the majestic views of Coningsby and Tattershall itself.
Maggie Everington, the visitor experience and volunteering manager at Tattershall Castle, said: “It is brilliant to have him here but also, as he is the president of the National Trust, it's even more important that he has come to see what is a very important site and part of our portfolio.
“It's been great to have him here as support for us and so we can tell him all the fantastic things we have been doing.”
On his arrival, Prince Charles was greeted by pupils from Highlees Academy, in Peterborough, who donned homemade crowns for the occasion.
HRH Prince Charles in Tattershall.
One pupil said: “We gave him our letters, we wrote questions about what it is like to be a King and what it is like in Buckingham Palace.”
Another said: “It was amazing (to meet Prince Charles).”
Following his tour of the castle, Prince Charles visited the nearby Holy Trinity Church.
He met school children from Tattershall and members of the Bain Valley Group.
HRH Prince Charles in Tattershall.
The Rev Sue Allison accompanied Prince Charles during his tour of the historic church.
Rev Allison said: “It was an absolute honour and pleasure to meet him and show him our wonderful church.
“It is a real honour to think he would want to come to our beautiful church.”
Pupils from Tattershall Primary presented Prince Charles with a homemade ‘bat box' - paying homage to the hundreds of bats which call Holy Trinity Church their home.
HRH Prince Charles in Tattershall.
Catherine Richardson, deputy head teacher at the school, said: “The children are very excited about meeting Prince Charles.”
• See more in this week's Horncastle News.
The world has many “clubs” of nations, grouped by shared interests, but none like an unofficial one often cited by the United Nations for its generosity. It includes only a few countries, such as Uganda, Jordan, and Turkey. They have kept an open door for refugees in recent years, welcoming millions fleeing conflicts in neighboring states.
Now add Bangladesh to this “club.” In recent weeks, the South Asian country, where a third of people live on less than $2 a day, has allowed in more than half a million Rohingya Muslims from Myanmar (Burma). The refugees are fleeing a crackdown by the Burmese military and persecution by militant Buddhist nationalists. An estimated 4,000 to 5,000 are still crossing the border each day.
The sudden influx is now the world's fastest developing refugee crisis. Bangladesh is also one more example of a country that finds its own good in helping strangers in desperate need.
Many richer countries, such as the United States, provide money for the world's refugees. The UN, in fact, has appealed for $434 million in aid to assist the Rohingya camps in Bangladesh, where conditions remain dire. One in 5 of the refugee households is headed by a woman, and about 5 percent are headed by children. The situation awaits a diplomatic resolution with Myanmar, which faces international pressure to end abuse of its Muslims, who are a minority.
With so many people displaced around the world – an estimated 65 million, of which 22 million are refugees – the UN says the response to this problem not only requires more generosity from national governments but also more from private groups and individuals.
“The international character of refugee protection has taken on new forms – through networks of cities, civil society, private sector associations, sport entities, and other forms of collaboration stretching across borders,” says Filippo Grandi, UN High Commissioner for Refugees.
Most of the world's conflicts occur within poor countries – on the borders of other poor countries. South Sudan's conflict, for example, has pushed a million of its people into Uganda. While Europe still sees thousands of migrants trying to reach its shores – down from the numbers two years ago – most displaced people still travel in less wealthy regions. When they are welcomed and well housed, it should be a moment of celebration.
Related stories
Read this story at csmonitor.com
Become a part of the Monitor community
By Lovemore Meya
Chairperson of the commission running the affairs of Chitungwiza Municipality Mr Madzudzo Pawadyira on Thursday implored residents to settle their bills, failure of which the local authority will have no option but to resort to punitive measures.
Mr Pawadyira said this during the 7th meeting of the caretaker council.
“When we talk of debt collection, it is far less painful if we are collecting as council than giving Mangwana (and Partners) or any of his ilk to do that dirty work for us,” he said.
“Do you tell residents that if we hand them over to debt collectors out there, those are sharks and they will sell any asset, including their dream house?”
Mr Pawadyira said failure by residents to comply would invite strong action from the municipality.
“I just want residents to know that if you see your name being submitted to the debt collectors, this would mean that we have failed to reach common ground,” he said.
“This is what we call the last resort, otherwise we try to do debt management with them. It is when everything else has failed that we refer (them) and they stand to lose their precious assets.
There comes a time when one would want to seek recourse from a political party chairman, but to no avail.
Even those who may be influencing their decision-making will not be there, so you warn them that beyond this there is nothing else.”
Chitungwiza is owed millions of dollars by its residents, firms and Government. The Herald
‘Nigerians can offer world-class services'
By Remi Adefulu
Nigerian companies can offer services comparable to those obtainable in advanced nations, the Chairman of Hi-Impact Amusement Park, Prince Yanju Lipede, has said.
Speaking with newsmen recently, he said his organisation, which parades the best in terms of amusement and tourism, has all it takes to compete favourably with the best across the globe.
According to him, this is because Hi-Impact constantly upgrades to provide its numerous customers value for their money.
Said he: “What you see here, you won't believe exists in this country, especially our beautiful light decorations.
“We have put together different self-service apartments and we offer the best of African and continental delicacies with the highest hygiene.”
Lipede said the park has more than 50 rides and attractions at the expansive complex, which have inverters and are powered, 24 hours, by alternative power from the company's generating sets.
This, he disclosed, is to ensure security of visitors, even as the company operates under high standards.
“We have British certified health and safety professionals and every rider here is technically supported from Europe. Aside this, there is no way you can smuggle weapon here because we have full body scanners installed to ensure security.
“We also have a full police station and barracks in place. This is in addition to over 120 toilets with air conditioners. All our riders from Europe are 2015 – 2016 models,” he disclosed.
Lipede added that the facility equally has a well equipped medical facility with in-house doctors, while a world-class gym and spa will soon be completed.
He charged the Federal Government to give rebate to organisations in the tourism and entertainment sector to enable them fully realise their potentials.
According to him, the industry can assist in bringing the economy back on track if given the needed support. He also charged Nigerians and the corporate industry to support the sector through patronage of its internationally acknowledged services and saving of scarce resources.
This post was syndicated from The Sun News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
COLUMBUS, Ohio (AP) — A Democratic attorney general candidate says his Republican opponent, Ohio Auditor Dave Yost, should have immediately referred to authorities a whistleblower's allegations that Ohio's then-largest online charter school intentionally inflated attendance figures.
Steven Dettelbach, a former U.S. attorney, responded Tuesday to an Associated Press report that an ex-employee of the now-shuttered Electronic Classroom of Tomorrow shared his claims of misconduct with the Ohio Department of Education and Yost's office last year. The ECOT board's attorney says he was unaware of the man's claims.
Dettelbach told reporters Tuesday that critical evidence in a potential criminal case could have been lost during delays in referring the information.
A message was left with Yost's office seeking comment. His spokesman said Monday that the whistleblower's information was considered for an upcoming audit report.
___
Sell-off in industrial, tech stocks sends Dow down 400
NEW YORK (AP) — After a strong start, U.S. stocks abruptly sold off Tuesday after machinery maker Caterpillar said it doesn't expect to top its first-quarter profit for the rest of the year. The Dow Jones industrial average plunged as much as 619 points as investors feared that rising oil prices and other costs will slow down growth in company profits.
———
US sales of new homes shot up 4 percent in March
WASHINGTON (AP) — Sales of new U.S. homes jumped 4 percent in March, propelled by a surge of buying in the West. The Commerce Department says sales last month were at a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 694,000. The two prior months had their sales revised upward with the annual rate being 667,000 in February and 644,000 in January. For the first three months of the year, sales are running 10.3 percent higher than a year ago.
———
Southwest has been faced with fines, union safety complaints
DALLAS (AP) — Until last week, Southwest Airlines had a string of 47 years without a passenger dying in an accident. But it has also paid millions in fines over safety. Recently its mechanics union accused the airline of taking shortcuts. Some analysts, however, consider it a safe airline. Its safety record is coming under scrutiny after an engine failure at 32,000 feet last week hurled shrapnel at a Southwest jet, breaking a window and killing a passenger.
———
Lawmakers: EPA security chief improperly runs outside firm
WASHINGTON (AP) — Democratic lawmakers say the security chief for Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Scott Pruitt has been operating an outside consulting firm without proper approval from ethics officials. Pasquale "Nino" Perrotta was tapped by Pruitt last year to lead his 20-member personal protective detail. Perrotta also is the top executive at Sequoia Security Group. The Democratic lawmakers want an agency ethics official to examine whether Perrotta's outside employment violates agency rules.
———
Senator warns bankers that Dodd-Frank relief could stall
WASHINGTON (AP) — Democratic Sen. Mark Warner of Virginia is warning bankers that legislation rolling back financial rules put in place after the 2008 economic crisis could stall. Warner says legislation revamping the law known as Dodd-Frank "will not pass if it comes back to the Senate" for another vote. His comments are a warning shot to House Republicans. They want to amend Senate-passed legislation that would provide regulatory relief for banks.
———
Ex-Yahoo paying $35M to settle SEC charges over 2014 hack
WASHINGTON (AP) — The company formerly known as Yahoo is paying a $35 million fine to resolve federal regulators' charges that the online pioneer deceived investors by failing to disclose one of the biggest data breaches in internet history. The Securities and Exchange Commission announced the action Tuesday against the company, now called Altaba after its email and other digital services were sold to Verizon Communications for $4.48 billion last year. The company neither admitted nor denied the allegations.
———
Consumer watchdog becomes alphabet soup of controversy
NEW YORK (AP) — The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau is dead. Long live the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection. That's the message the Trump administration is pushing, at least, in what on the surface seems like a minor tweak to the name of the federal consumer watchdog agency created after the Great Recession. But critics see it as a not-so-subtle effort to telegraph the abrupt ideological turn the bureau has taken since Trump-appointee Mick Mulvaney became acting director last year.
———
Burger King grows; Tim Hortons to get makeover
NEW YORK (AP) — A new burger and a spicy chicken sandwich sold well at Burger King, helping boost profits for its owner Restaurants Brands. But the company's other chain, Tim Hortons, didn't do as well, and Restaurant Brands plans to remodel those stores to try to get more people to come in to buy its coffee and doughnuts.
———
Trump says Mnuchin will travel to China amid trade dispute
WASHINGTON (AP) — President Donald Trump says Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin will soon travel to China for talks as the two global economic powers deal with trade tensions. Trump says during a White House news conference with French President Emmanuel Macron that Mnuchin will be going to China "in a few days to negotiate on trade." Trump says the U.S. and China are "very serious" and is reiterating plans to impose tariffs up to $100 billion more on Chinese goods.
———
The S&P 500 index sank 35.73 points, or 1.3 percent, to 2,634.56. The Dow Jones industrial average finished with a loss of 424.56 points, or 1.7 percent, to 24,024.13. The Nasdaq composite dropped 121.25 points, or 1.7 percent, to 7,007.35. The Russell 2000 index of smaller company stocks declined 8.84 points, or 0.6 percent, to 1,553.28.
Benchmark U.S. crude oil shed 1.4 percent to $67.70 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, fell 1.1 percent to $73.86 per barrel in London. Wholesale gasoline lost 1.4 percent to $2.09 a gallon. Heating oil dipped 0.6 percent to $2.13 a gallon. Natural gas rose 1.5 percent to $2.78 per 1,000 cubic feet.
Santa Margarita senior Blake Hennesay could not compete in the 300 meter hurdles in the first weeks of this season because of a thigh injury.
It appears Hennesay has recovered. He won the 300 hurdles at the Mt. San Antonio College Relays this past weekend. His 37.73 is the best time in Orange County this season.
Hennesay, who signed with Texas Christian University, just might be on his way to a faster time. He ran the 300 hurdles last year in a school-record 36.95 that is the fifth-best in Orange County history. (Trevor Jones of Newport Harbor has the county record of 36.45.)
Big meets are coming up: Trinity League prelims on Thursday and league finals May 4, both on his home track at Santa Margarita.
CIF-Southern Section track and field prelims in four divisions are May 13 (the Division 1 prelims are at Trabuco Hills, the Division 3 prelims are at Estancia), with championship finals May 19 at El Camino College, the CIF-SS Masters meet May 26 at El Camino College and the state meet June 2 and 3 at Buchanan High in Clovis.
Elsewhere in Orange County spring sports:
•Other county-leading boys track and field marks established at Mt. SAC: Sam VanDorpe, Mater Dei, 1:53.21 in the 800; Sean Byrne, Santa Margarita, 9:13.93 in the 3,200; Michael Robbins, Tesoro, 14.63 in the 110 hurdles; Dana Hills 4X800 relay, 7:52.48; Mission Viejo distance medley, 10:18.78; Newport Harbor, 4X1600 relay, 18:30.66.
•This season's top O.C. girls marks established at Mt. SAC: Maliyah Medley, El Toro, 54.71 in the 400; Haley Herberg, Capistrano Valley, 4:50.33 in the 1,600 (converted time); Dana Hills 4X400 relay, 3:47.68 (also the state's best time); and Laguna Hills 4X1600 relay, 21:22.56.
•Two of the top four marks in the girls discus this season belongs to twins. Felicia Crenshaw of Costa Mesa is No. 1 in this year's discus group with a throw of 153 feet, 2 inches. Her sister and fellow Mustangs senior Tayla Crenshaw's 142-11 at Mt. SAC is the fourth-best mark of 2018.
•Newport Harbor's boys volleyball team is 24-0 overall and 7-0 in the Sunset League. The Sailors have two regular-season games remaining, both Sunset League games, at home against Marina on Friday and at Los Alamitos on Tuesday.
•Three Orange County teams are in the Redondo Classic volleyball tournament Friday and Saturday at Redondo Union High: Laguna Beach, which is 11-5 overall and 7-0 in the Orange Coast League; Laguna Hills, 11-9 overall and 3-3 in the Sea View League; and Saddleback Valley Christian, 12-11-1 and 6-0 in the San Joaquin League.
•The Ojai Tennis Tournament starts Wednesday. The tournament, in the picturesque Ventura County town of Ojai, annually is considered the top Southern California high school tennis tournament preceding CIF-SS finals. (Visit ojaitourney.org for information.) Stefan Dostanic of Woodbridge is seeded No. 1 in boys singles, with his Woodbridge teammates Paul Diamontopoulos and Leo Hibi seeded No. 1 in boys doubles.
In related news, Microsoft has also debuted a new variation of the Surface Book 2 with less storage and a lower price. An entry-level model with 128GB of storage and a 13.5-inch screen, 8GB of RAM and an Intel Core i5 processor costs $1,199. For those keeping track at home, that's $300 cheaper than the previous lowest-cost model, but the discount comes at a price: half the internal storage.
Other prices have dropped as well. A Surface Laptop with an i5 processor, 8GB of RAM and 256GB of storage is $200 cheaper now, in what seems like a temporary sale rather than a permanent price cut.
The pair of these "new" devices likely aren't going to make any waves with power users, but they represent Microsoft's next steps for the Surface line. Specifically, hitting mass adoption. The lower-priced Surface Laptop is perfect for people who just need a computer for email and word processing tasks, while the Surface Book 2 could sway potential MacBook Air and MacBook customers toward Windows.
The company recently posted 2 percent growth in its "Personal Computing" segment, and more moves like this could help drive sales and increase that relatively stagnant number.
Light winds and snow had been forecast for much of the last week, so it was some surprise that a shifty but solid north-westerly 8-12 knots filled in for four action packed races on Friday.
Marie-Françoise XIX, SUI 228 (Jürg Menzi, Dino Fumasoli, Christof Wilke) won the first and last races to lead overnight.
But they are on equal points with the winner of last week's Regates Royales in Cannes, New Moon, BAH 21 (Christoph Burger, Flavio Marazzi, Peter Vlasov), with a slightly modified crew.
Burger took the helm, with former world champion Flavio Marazzi joining the boat in the middle.
Their scoreline of 2,1,1,2 was the best of the day but the win from Marie-Françoise XIX in the final race of the day leaves them in first place.
Click image for a larger image
In third place is the Dutch team of Feng Shui, NED 26 (Arend Jan Pasman, Ron Azier, Peter De Witte).
De Witte stands in for the bow position in the boat that took the bronze medal at this year's world championship.
Menzi commented on the day, “It was quite special today. We had a north-north-west gradient wind, shifty, and it was always better to go to the right but there were a lot of holes. It was quite nice and quite regular, but it was fair sailing and it was fun for everybody.”
“It was not so cold. It is not yet winter. When you are sailing it is not cold.”
5.5 Metre - Autumn Trophy after 4 races
1 SUI 228 Jürg MENZI 1 -6 2 1 4 pts
2 BAH 21 Christoph BURGER -2 1 1 2 4 pts
3 NED 26 Arend Jan PASMAN -8 2 4 3 9 pts
4 SUI 219 Daniel SCHENKER 4 3 5 -6 12 pts
5 SUI 215 Heinz SAURER 6 4 -7 4 14 pts
6 SUI 213 Hans-Peter SCHMID 7 5 3 -9 15 pts
7 SUI 211 George PRAPOPOULOS 3 7 -10 7 17 pts
8 ITA 79 Mariacristina RAPISARDI 5 -10 8 8 21 pts
9 NED 31 Victorine BREDERO -9 8 9 5 22 pts
10 SUI 226 Rolf KELLENBERGER -10 9 6 10 25 pts
11 SUI 210 Aaron TEUSCHER 11 11 -13 13 35 pts
Follow Sailweb on Facebook - Click here
Follow Sailweb on Twitter - Click here
Robert Deaves
6 October 2017 21:45 GMT
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has called a national election to face what he says is a growing threat from North Korea. But the election has created a new threat for Abe himself: an increasingly popular challenger who's seizing her chance even as the existing opposition crumbles into oblivion.
Abe's plan for a snap election, first hinted at in mid-September, started a game of political dominos. He made the formal announcement a week later on Sept. 25 — the same day the governor of Tokyo, rising star Yuriko Koike, had announced her own Party of Hope would challenge Abe's long-dominant Liberal Democratic Party (LDP). Koike, a former newscaster with an international background but a nationalist tinge reminiscent of Abe's own, is setting the stage for an eventual run that could make her Japan's first female prime minister.
The LDP's control of postwar Japan has been nearly absolute, broken only by a short-lived coalition government of opposition parties in 1993-1994 and by the 2009 victory of the Democratic Party of Japan, which ruled till 2012. Despite a reorganization in 2016, the new Democratic Party failed to find any traction with voters, culminating in a series of ineffectual shakeups earlier this year that left it stuck at a measly 8 percent in the polls.
Abe's announcement was the final blow. Three days after the election was called, the Democrats effectively fell apart when party leader Seiji Maehara, who had taken over just three weeks earlier, told his parliament members in the lower house to head for the lifeboats. The party will field no candidates in the Oct. 22 election, and Maehara will run as an independent. The Democrats' lawmakers either need to also go it alone or seek to sign on with Koike's group. Showing who has the upper hand, Koike has been conducting interviews to determine who exactly who she will accept into her fold.
Abe, meanwhile, is scrambling to justify an election most Japanese feel has no reason to happen. The reasons he gave were high-minded: the need to win a fresh mandate in the face of an increasingly belligerent North Korea and to justify a planned increase in the national sales tax to 10 percent from the current 8 percent in 2019 to use for social spending instead of to pay down debt. “We must not give in to North Korea's threats. By gaining a mandate from the people with this election, I will forge ahead with strong diplomacy,” Abe said on national television. With its large U.S. military presence, Japan is a key potential target for North Korea, which has flown missiles over the northern island of Hokkaido twice this year.
But the decision appeared to have more to do with domestic opportunism than a North Korean threat, with Abe taking advantage of the war of words between North Korean leader Kim Jong-un and U.S. President Donald Trump and worries of a military conflict. After a summer beset by political scandals, Abe started to see his ratings rebound to around 45 percent. “Foreign crises are generally good for incumbents,” noted Robert Dujarric, director at the Institute of Contemporary Asian Studies at Temple University, Japan Campus. Abe no doubt also believed that the Democratic Party was in too much disarray to mount a serious campaign — and that Koike would not be ready to launch a party capable of challenging him in just a few weeks.
The latter mistake may prove fatal. “Abe's miscalculation with the snap election indeed greatly helped Koike. The collapse of the Democratic Party was much less her doing than due to the severe pressure from the coming election at the worst of times for the party,” said Martin Schulz, senior research fellow at the Fujitsu Research Institute in Tokyo. Like British prime minister Theresa May — who called an early election earlier this year to take advantage of what she believed to be a weak opponent, only to end up losing her parliamentary majority — Abe's political calculations may prove too clever by half.
Koike has demonstrated she is a formidable adversary. Her pivotal position in the election is the latest in a whirlwind journey that has already given her a firm grip on Tokyo, a city that accounts for 20 percent of the entire country's GDP. Though Koike has been a member of five different parties in her career — and served as a government minister under Abe's Liberal Democratic Party in various roles from 2003 to 2007 — she became governor in August 2016 with no party affiliation, handily defeating an LDP-backed opponent. She then effectively cleaned house by taking on the long-entrenched LDP group within the Tokyo Metropolitan Assembly, taking control of the body in a July 2017 election with 49 of her 50 candidates winning seats.
The fall of the left-leaning Democrats leaves the race as a battle between two conservatives. Abe and Koike have few real policy differences. They have both taken a dim view of Japan's apologizing in what are politely called here the “historical issues” of wartime forced prostitution in Korea and the massacre of civilians in Nanjing, China. Both also support the need for a greater regional and global role for Japan's military. Under the postwar constitution, Japan renounces all use of military force to settle disputes, but this has not stopped it from creating a “self-defense force” that is one of the most advanced armies in the world.
The Party of Hope is so far mainly composed of Democratic Party defectors, including some high-profile ones such as former Environment Minister Goshi Hosono. Others are still expected to join, with the full slate of candidates to be announced by Oct. 10. But Koike, signaling her affinity for LDP-style policies, has made it clear that she would not automatically support former Democratic Party lawmakers in the race, weeding out those opposed to recently introduced security legislation.
“For all practical purposes, a Prime Minister Koike would just be the latest premier in a long line of LDP chief executives,” said Dujarric of Temple University.
Among Koike's few real differences with the Abe government are her commitment to rescind a planned increase in the national sales tax in 2019 and her opposition to nuclear power following the March 2011 Fukushima nuclear plant disaster. Abe had previously postponed the tax increase but now plans to go ahead with using the additional revenue for education and day care, and he supports the continued use of nuclear power.
Koike has otherwise differentiated herself from Abe's LDP by staking out a more populist (though non-angry) economic tone. Her most common refrain is that the government should meet the needs of the people. While this is a fairly nebulous rallying cry, Koike has made it work in Tokyo with a 388-page “New Tokyo. New Tomorrow.” manifesto that sets 500 specific infrastructure and development targets aimed at improving daily life for residents, a departure from previous administrations more focused on ties between government and big business.
But a lack of a clear-cut policy profile has not stopped a significant shift in the polls over the past few days in Koike's favor. The LDP approval rating of 44 percent when Abe announced the election on Sept. 25 has quickly fallen to 24 percent with Koike's party at 15 percent, according to a Monday
So what is the source of her party's appeal, if not policy or ideology? A hint is offered in Koike's initial campaign rhetoric, which has focused on Abe's scandals, which involve the alleged misuse of his office to help his friends. Koike has also emphasized that, because she would not be beholden to the long-dominant LDP, she would truly represent the needs of the people. “We are determined to reset Japan and realize politics not beholden to any special interests,” she said at a kickoff news conference.
The economy may well be a saving point for Abe. His revitalization program of “Abenomics,” launched with great fanfare when he took office in 2012, has not been the game-changer that he promised would break Japan out of its 25 years of slow growth and deflationary pressure. At the same time, it has not been the failure claimed by some critics In fact the latest financial data shows that Japan is capitalizing on strong global growth. The economy expanded at a 2.5 percent annual rate in the second quarter, quite strong by historical standards and within the confines of a shrinking population. Industrial production is rising and the employment market is at its strongest since 1974 with 1.5 jobs available for every applicant plus a clear upward trend in the labor participation rate since Abe took office.
An outright victory for Koike's fledgling party remains unlikely, especially since she has repeatedly said that she would not give up the Tokyo governor post to run, meaning she could not herself be prime minister under the constitution. A good performance mirroring what happened in the Tokyo Metropolitan Assembly election earlier this year could be enough, however, to seriously weaken Abe, who has already been in office for nearly five years.
Abe had hoped that a strong victory in this election would in turn help him win his party's separate leadership vote next September for another three-year term. That would be enough to potentially take him through the 2020 Olympic Games, to be held in Tokyo, and provide more time for his personal goal of changing Japan's pacifist constitution to give the military a stronger legal standing. But LDP powerbrokers have historically shown little patience with their leaders. Even though the party has been in charge of the nation for all but five-and-a-half years since its founding in 1955, the average prime minister has been in office for just over two years.
As the now third-longest-serving prime minister in postwar Japan, Abe has already bucked the odds, but Koike could spoil his gamble entirely — especially if the winds turn and LDP figures start jumping ship to bolster the new party. If he suffers heavy losses to a party formed just a few weeks before the election, it may be more than the LDP leadership can stomach. Even by the party's own forecasts, the LDP is expected to lose some seats in this round, due mainly to its overweight presence in the lower house where the election takes place. Out of the house's 475 seats, the LDP holds 60 percent of the total, against just 18 percent for the Democratic Party. The LDP's ally Komeito adds another 35 to the ruling coalition's control.
A new era of political turmoil would in many ways take Japan back to where it was before Abe arrived. With approximately one new prime minister every year from 2006 to 2012, Abe had specifically pushed for long-term leadership as a way to raise Japan's relevance on the global stage. The question some voters are now asking is why he therefore wants to push a political agenda just when the country needs strong leadership in the face of North Korea. With 60 percent of voters saying they oppose the idea of an election now, Abe may be leading the country to the uncertainty he says he wants to avoid.
Photo credit: KAZUHIRO NOGI/AFP/Getty Images
A cornerback might also be in play considering 2016 first-round pick Artie Burns appeared to take a step back in his second season.
Regardless, the Steelers are almost certain to use their top pick on the defensive side of the ball for the seventh time in eight years, as tends to happen when you give up 45 points to Jacksonville .
"I think that the group we have coming back, most of those players, are either in their prime or they are on the rise," Colbert said.
"I do believe that group has a chance to get better. Does that mean we won't add to it? If we don't change the roster we had in 2017, what reason would we think there would be any difference in the results? So, we have to be ready to be better than we were last year."
Some things to look for as Pittsburgh tries to maintain its Super Bowl window a little longer.
BELL'S FUTURE
Depending on when you ask him, Bell might hold out a week or two during the regular season.
Or he might not.
He might stay in Pittsburgh the rest of his career.
Or he might not.
Either way the All-Pro is almost certainly going to wait until late August at the earliest to sign his franchise tender if he and the Steelers can't work things out.
Pittsburgh could tip its hand about its plans at the position by taking a back in the early rounds. The Steelers used a third-round pick on James Conner last spring, but his rookie year was cut short by injury.
AIR APPARENT?
Quarterback Ben Roethlisberger went from waffling about his future to telling teammates he can go three more years. The two-time Super Bowl winner turned 36 in March and now gets to see what he can do with Randy Fichtner as the offensive co-ordinator following Todd Haley's departure.
Still, Roethlisberger isn't going to play forever. The Steelers met with high-level quarterbacks in the run-up to the draft. They haven't taken a quarterback before the fourth round since tabbing Roethlisberger with the 11th overall pick in 2004.
If they do it this time — Lamar Jackson anybody? — it would provide them time to groom the pick as Roethlisberger's eventual successor, though it's more likely they wait at least one more season.
HITS, MISSES AND BARGAINS
The Steelers are as adept as any team in the league in turning late-round picks into success stories (see Brown, Antonio). Their record in the early rounds, however, is spotty. For every Vince Williams — taken in the sixth round in 2013 who is now a starter at inside linebacker — there is a Senquez Golson.
Pittsburgh selected the cornerback in the second round in 2015. He missed all of 2015 and 2016 because of injury and then was among the final cuts in 2017.
___
More AP NFL: https://pro32.ap.org and https://twitter.com/AP_NFL
By Will Graves, The Associated Press
Use this Rubik's Cube-style device to create ultra-secure computer passwords
Even with all the high-profile hacks in the news, lots of people fail to keep themselves protected by not using secure passwords. Fortunately, a new Kickstarter campaign is here to help.
The post Use this Rubik's Cube-style device to create ultra-secure computer passwords appeared first on Digital Trends.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Digital Trends. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
SAN DIEGO (KGTV)--A woman saved a four-month-old baby from a hot car parked at the Coronado Ave. swap meet in Nestor Wednesday, according to San Diego Police.
The woman was walking by the white Nissan Cube, heard the baby crying, and peered inside the car to see he was alone, said officers. She ran to alert swap meet security guard Ruben Cazares, who arrived at the car and saw the baby drenched with sweat.
Cazares told 10News he was about to break the glass but someone with a thin arm was able to reach inside the window, which was open about three inches. Cazares said the person opened the car door to help the child.
At the time of the emergency, police said temperatures were in the mid to low 70's.
CALCULATOR: How hot it can get in a car
San Diego Police and paramedics arrived at the scene to investigate and evaluate the boy's health. Officers put the baby inside the air conditioned patrol car.
A police sergeant said the baby was left in the car by his grandmother, who went to the swap meet to buy paint and forgot the child was in the back seat. Officers said the boy was in the car alone for 15 to 30 minutes.
RELATED: How to help a child or animal trapped in a hot car
SDPD child abuse detectives spoke to the grandmother, who was not arrested.
The baby's mother arrived to claim him and said her son is fine.
WATCH LIVE: 10News reporter Matt Boone hears from the boy's mother on 10News at 6 p.m.
LANCASTER, N.H. (AP) — A Florida-based circus operator has agreed to pay $25,000 in fines to resolve criminal charges in New Hampshire following a tent collapse in 2015 that killed two people and injured dozens.
The Caledonian-Record reports (http://bit.ly/2lhdfyS) a prosecutor says the plea agreement resolves eight charges, including operating without a license, and ensures the state will receive money from a defendant who has limited funds.
Sarasota-based Walker International Events initially faced more than $200,000 in fines.
The agreement will need court approval. A March 8 hearing is scheduled.
The company, now out of business, also settled some lawsuits and agreed to pay federal safety fines.
Forty-one-year-old Robert Young and his 6-year-old daughter, Annabelle, of Concord, Vermont, died when a storm with 75 mph winds blew through the Lancaster Fairgrounds, toppling the tent.
___
Information from: The Caledonian-Record, http://www.caledonianrecord.com
The appendix is a small, finger-shaped pouch of intestinal tissue arising from the cecum near its junction with the small intestine.
NORTH SOUND, Antigua (AP) — Bangladesh was all out for only 43 before lunch on the opening day as West Indies right-arm quick Kemar Roach destroyed the tourists with figures of 5-8 in the first test on Wednesday.
Fast-medium bowler Miguel Cummins took 3-11 as Bangladesh's innings lasted just 18.4 overs.
Opener Liton Das was the only batsman to reach double figures and his 25 was more than half his side's total.
West Indies won the toss and chose to bowl at Sir Vivian Richards Stadium.
New Zealand made the lowest total in test history when it was bowled out for 26 by England in Auckland in 1955.
NEW YORK (AP) — Keurig is buying Dr Pepper Snapple Group, bringing together the make-at-home coffee brand with the company behind Dr Pepper soda, Mott's apple juice and Snapple iced tea.
The new company, Keurig Dr Pepper, plans to expand its bottled iced coffee offerings that are sold at supermarkets and convenience stores. The private company that controls Keurig already owns coffee brands like Stumptown and Peet's.
Keurig Dr Pepper will offer "hot and cold beverages to satisfy every consumer throughout the day," said Larry Young, chief executive of Dr Pepper Snapple.
And the combined business will tap into each other's distribution network, bringing their brands to more stores and online retailers. The companies said they'll save $600 million a year starting in 2021 by combining their warehouse and delivery systems.
The new company will have about $11 billion in annual sales, which still makes it far smaller than soda makers PepsiCo Inc. and Coca-Cola Co., which had 2016 sales of $63 billion and $41 billion, respectively.
But Bernstein analyst Ali Dibadj said he expects more beverage companies to combine to save on distribution costs and get their products on the same delivery trucks.
"There will be more of these," Dibadj said.
Some Snapple flavors are already sold as Keurig pods, but there's a chance that more of Dr Pepper Snapple's brands will be turned into pods that are placed into Keurig's single-serve brewing machines to make drinks.
Keurig's pods, which are thrown out after they are used, have been criticized by environmental advocates as contributing to more waste. The company previously announced plans to make all its pods, called K-Cups, recyclable by 2020.
Keurig Green Mountain Inc. became a privately held company in 2016 when it was acquired by Europe's JAB Holding Co. in a partnership with snack company Mondelez International.
Keurig Dr Pepper plans to tap into JAB's other coffee brands. It wants to expand bottled iced coffees under the Krispy Kreme, Stumptown and Peet's names, all of which are owned by JAB. The holding company also owns the Panera Bread restaurant chain. And Keurig sells coffee pods under the Green Mountain and Donut Shop brands.
Keurig CEO Bob Gamgort, who will lead the new company, highlighted Dr Pepper Snapple's Bai brand as "driving significant growth" during a conference call with investors.
Bai, which makes fruity, low-calorie drinks and bottled water, was bought by Dr Pepper Snapple last year to add low-calorie drinks and flavored sparkling waters into its portfolio as more people avoid sugary sodas.
JAB will be the controlling shareholder of the combined company. Mondelez will hold a stake of about 13 percent to 14 percent.
Keurig said Dr Pepper Snapple shareholders will receive $103.75 per share in a special cash dividend and keep 13 percent of the combined company. Dr Pepper Snapple shareholders still must approve the deal.
Shares of Dr Pepper Snapple Group Inc. soared 22 percent to $117.07 on Monday.
Keurig Dr Pepper will trade publicly after the deal closes, which is expected to happen in the second quarter. A new ticker symbol hasn't been announced yet, the company said. Keurig will stay in its Waterbury, Vermont, headquarters, and Dr Pepper Snapple will remain in Plano, Texas.
_____
AP Business Writer Michelle Chapman in Newark, New Jersey, contributed to this report.
A safety warning has been voiced by police after a rise in incidents involving drones.
Northumbria Police are issuing a safety message to all drone users after an increase in popularity.
Superintendent Sarah Pitt.
Officers say they are causing concerns and could cause hold ups and risks to plane journeys of they are flown close.
They have also warned about the legality of using them in crowded areas.
Superintendent Sarah Pitt, Northumbria Police's operations department, said: “The public need to be aware that if we identify them as flying in restricted areas then they could be prosecuted.
“Some users don't realise these types of aircraft are subject to rules and legislation.
"We need to ensure we do our part to keep the public safe and informed.
“You should always keep your drone within your line of sight and always fly your drone away from helicopters, aircraft, airports and airfields; those found violating these rules could face prosecution.
“Flying these types of aircraft within 150 metres of a crowded area is a criminal offence and may infringe air safety legislation.
“Not only could flying drones in the flight paths of aircraft cause major delays, some of which come at a great cost, but it could also put members of the public at risk and it will not be tolerated.”
FAZ president tips Zambia to beat Nigeria
As the Zambia National team takes to the field against Nigeria in the 2018 FIFA World Cup qualifier this Saturday, I would like to take this opportunity to wish the boys the best of luck as they do duty for Mother Zambia.
Our journey to the 2018 Russia FIFA World Cup may have started on a shaky note, but we have thus far reinvigorated our prospects of making a maiden appearance at the FIFA World Cup in style.
The resurgent spirit shown in the last round of FIFA World Cup qualifiers where we beat Algeria over two legs served to signify our intentions in this race for a ticket to Russia.
We waited for 35 years to get two better over Algeria and when it happened it was worth the wait and by now everyone knows that Zambia means business in this campaign.
When we set out on this journey, we kept on reminding ourselves how far we have come and how hard it has been for this great country to register its name among the few African countries to qualify to a FIFA World Cup. We are reminded of the many times in the past when we have come close to World Cup qualification, notably 1994, 1998 and 2014.
Having come close we are hopeful that this time could be our time to put behind the past failures and grab a place to Russia.
We are mindful of the pedigree of Nigeria whom we respect as a giant footballing nation but however, we are firmly focused on making the most of this opportunity that has unfolded before us.
The Football Association of Zambia (FAZ) executive is confident that the team will rise to the occasion and make Zambia proud by beating Nigeria.
As the team takes to the field on October 7th 2017, I want to remind them that nothing is impossible in life. Your journey thus far has not been an easy one, but your determination and your pride to represent Mother Zambia through the highest and lowest moments gives us confidence that no challenge is insurmountable with you.
As you take to the field, be reminded that over 15 million Zambians will be looking up to you as you do duty for this great nation.
Once again, on behalf of the FAZ executive members I would like to take this opportunity to thank our patron His Excellency President Edgar Chagwa Lungu and his government, our clubs, sponsors, fans and the Zambian people at large for the overwhelming support our national team has continued to receive from you since we embarked on this journey. We couldn't have asked for more.
Your unrelenting support towards the team both in good and bad times has not only given us an extra edge over our opponents but has also acted as the 12th player on the pitch.
Let us all continue supporting our boys. The sky is not the limit.
Go Zambia Go!
For and on behalf of:
FOOTBALL ASSOCIATION OF ZAMBIA
Andrew Ndanga Kamanga
PRESIDENT
A kid asks Trump to sign his hat at the White House Easter Egg Roll. The president signs … and then tosses the hat into the crowd. pic.twitter.com/7ExdhpO97H — POLITICO (@politico) April 17, 2017
The annual Easter Egg Roll at the White House sounds like the most innocuous of events, but this is the Trump presidency, so things are weird. First, the kid-friendly affair was plagued with issues, leading to such incredible sentences as “military bands in place of A-list entertainers like Justin Bieber, Ariana Grande, Idina Menzel, and Silentó who have performed for Egg Rolls past” and “it is unclear, for instance, whether Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, will reprise his appearance in a bunny suit for the event, as he did a decade ago when George W. Bush was president.”
Then, Donald, Melania, and Barron stood next to the “Sad Ben Affleck” of Easter bunnies, and the First Lady had to remind her husband to place his hand over his heart during the National Anthem. But that's not all! While walking around the White House grounds, a child asked Trump to sign his red Make America Great Again hat. The president gracefully obliged, then threw the hat not back to the kid, but into a crowd, where someone summed up the First 100 Days better than any CNN commentator: “No.”
The moment Trump owned a kid by taking his hat and not giving it back to him? That's when he became president. It's a metaphor…
LAS VEGAS (AP) — As Frank Sinatra asks Lady Luck to stick around, the neon red lights of one of Las Vegas' most famous towering signs appear to dance under the night sky, revealing a beating heart and the rest of the marquee of a famed casino-hotel. Other rusted, dusted and broken neon signs in a large gravel lot ringed by a security wall appear to light up with neon not seen for decades as other classic tunes play in the background.
But these former landmarks of Sin City are missing light bulbs and some of the remaining are cracked or hang by a wire. They have not being restored and are not plugged to a power outlet. Augmented reality tests last week made it look like many of the city's famed neon signs are burning brightly again.
Forty neon signs that once drew visitors to some Las Vegas' most iconic casino-hotels and other venues will shine again for the public starting Thursday night at the Neon Museum, but not a single one of their lights will truly be on. The unrestored marquees, worn by the beating sun and twisted by desert winds, are being brought back to life thanks to projection mapping, a type of augmented reality created by projecting life-like digital animations of the signs onto the hulking metal.
"We are combining art, history and technology in this space," said Neon Museum president and chief executive officer Rob McCoy.
He added: "This is Las Vegas as it was. It is very emotional. Even people who don't live here, but live around the United States or around the world, they all have in their heads a romantic image of Las Vegas, and it's usually that vintage, neon Las Vegas."
The signs on display include the Golden Nugget, Lady Luck, Binion's Horseshoe and the first four futuristic-looking letters of the Stardust because the sign at the museum is missing the "dust" part of it.
The 30-minute immersive experience presented after sunset allows visitors to walk freely around the outdoor gallery and get close to the signs. A soundtrack that includes Elvis Presley's "Night Life," ''Mr. Sandman" by The Chordettes and Ella Fitzgerald's "I'm Beginning to See The Light" plays in tandem with each sign that is illuminated.
Neon signs were introduced to the United States at the 1893 World Fair in Chicago. But no city embraced the luminous tube lights quite like Las Vegas. Dozens of those now-retired signs are housed at the museum but not all remain functional, leaving it up to visitors to imagine what the marquees looked like decades ago. Restoring the signs can cost tens of thousands of dollars each so using projection mapping is a cheaper process to show what they once looked like lighted up.
Digital artist and designer Craig Winslow used photos, drone video and other references to digitally recreate each sign, bulb by bulb. He then used a scanning process to determine the precise placement of eight projectors to ensure the alignment of the content with the bulbs, rusted metal and tubes of the signs.
"There are moments here where there's no bulb, but I've created a digital bulb that is in its place," Winslow said. "From far away it just looks like the sign is lit. You get up closer, and you realize all these are broken or there are missing bulbs or hanging bulbs."
As the Binion's horseshoe flickers in shades of gold and red, Dean Martin croons "I Love Vegas." Meanwhile, Presley's "Viva Las Vegas" blasts as the set of the Stardust letters shine.
Historical footage of this gambling oasis will also be projected onto the signs, showing Liberace playing the piano and gamblers playing table games.
"Whether they come by car, rail or circle the city and dropping by plane, their eyes pop wide open with their first glimpse of Las Vegas," a historical narration plays right before the signs begin to light up. "A city whose head is wreathed in garlands of neon signs, and a city of storybook west."
___
More information about the Neon Museum .
Showtime
The return of Twin Peaks is a lot to process. After each episode, Uproxx's Alan Sepinwall and Keith Phipps attempt to hash out what we all just watched.
Keith: A few weeks back, Kyle MacLachlan (he's the guy who plays Dougie) gave an interview with The Hollywood Reporter in which he said of Twin Peaks: The Return, “ultimately everything will come back together and make sense.” I'm starting to think that wasn't just crazy talk. The past few weeks have felt like the series is starting to draw all its narrative strands together. Lynch has never been a director you go to for narratives that work with a satisfying, clockwork precision — I'm not sure he and Christopher Nolan would have much to say to each other at a cocktail party — but this home stretch of The Return has felt like he and Frost are bringing out the best in each other. I'm not privy to how their collaboration works, but it seems like Lynch gets space to do strange, wonderful, stylistic excursions like this episode's long encounter between Andy and The Fireman (Carel Struycken's character is no longer billed as “? ? ? ? ?”) and the freedom to make everything part of a clash between good and evil as defined by a highly personal logical system. Frost keeps it pushing forward and makes sure it tells a story. The editing can be a bit shaggy at times, but I'm increasingly getting a sense that things will, in MacLachlan's words, come back together.
That this episode just flat-out answered some lingering questions certainly added to that sense. Where to begin? I definitely want to get to Andy, Truman, Hawk, and Bobby's mystical walk in the woods, but maybe we should start with the scene between Tammy and Albert and then Gordon and Diane: the origins of the Blue Rose and what it means to Bad Coop and Dougie.
Alan: I'm a bit less confident than you that it will all fit together, if only because there are only four episodes left, and a lot of ground to cover. Even if you assume that Lynch and Frost intend to flat-out ignore some of what's happened before — remember Beverly's ailing husband? Or the question of who built the New York cube? Or when Red seemed like he might be a major new character? — we still have to have both the FBI and Hutch/Chantal arrive in Vegas, get Dougie to Twin Peaks, have some kind of confrontation between the two Coopers, have Andy explain at least some of what the Fireman told him, and get into more detail about what is going on inside of Sarah Palmer (about which we should have much to say in a bit), to name just a few events that seem inevitable and/or necessary. At the pace at which much of this season has moved, I could easily see it ending on a cliffhanger — maybe a reversal of “How's Annie?” — to set up another season that may or may not happen, if only because there doesn't feel like room for everything.
That said, last night's episode certainly worked overtime to advance and explain things that had been lingering for months, though also was a reminder that straightforward exposition tends not to be the strength of either creator (but especially Lynch). It's nice to have some clarity about the Blue Rose, Phillip Jeffries (even if David Bowie passed away before he could film a cameo, and thus had to be represented by Fire Walk With Me footage), and even the link between Diane and half-sister Janey-E, but even with Gordon's strange Monica Bellucci dream mixed in — which felt a bit like an excuse for Lynch to fly to Paris to hang with Monica Bellucci (who can blame him?) — Andy's trip into the White Lodge was by far the more compelling of the episode's two big explanatory sequences, and that's even though it didn't explain much of anything! The Return has tended to work best in a dream-like state — to quote Bellucci, “You're like the dreamer who dreams and then lives inside the dream” — when the sounds and images are so strange and compelling that the actual story becomes a distant concern. Andy sitting opposite the Fireman and seeing glimpses of all we've witnessed over the previous 13 hours was a thrill, and right when I was ready to mock the Fireman for picking the absolute worst member of the hunting party to give all this important information to, Andy materializes in the woods in full hero mode, clearly having understood everything. Maybe his simple-mindedness helped in this case, since his hard drive wasn't quite as full as Bobby or Frank's would have been?
Did you find the Blue Rose explanation satisfying all these years after the movie, Keith? How did you feel to see the eyeless woman in the real world, and Andy of all people in one of the Lodges?
Keith: On the first point, Albert just laying out the first Blue Rose case in such direct language felt a little anti-climactic — or set up to a great prequel series. (If nothing else, it would be fun to fan cast young Albert, Gordon, and Phillip.) On the second point, that was my first thought too: Why Andy? But the scene worked beautifully. Andy may not be the smartest Twin Peaks policeman — though Chad seems to be giving him a run for the title of its dumbest — but he has a soulfulness that Harry Goaz plays beautifully here, just like he always has. (Think back to the pilot, with Andy breaking down at the crime scene.)
And what a scene, right? “We are like the dreamer who dreams and then lives inside the dream,” Monica Bellucci tells Gordon. In a series filled with moments in which dreams and reality start to bleed together, Andy's encounter with the Fireman doesn't even make it into the top tier of Twin Peaks‘ the strangest moments. But it's a weirdly elegant swirl of past images that plays like a turning point, for Andy and for those in Twin Peaks working on the side of good. It's not clear who the eyeless woman is or why she needs rescuing, but it feels heroic. There's a lot at stake here, even if no one involved in the moment can articulate what. But the world of the Lodges and the world they call their own are starting to talk to each other in ways we've never seen before. The show is building to something.
Ally Neilsen had 47 assists to lead the Trumbull High girls volleyball team to a 3-2 victory over Westhill High on Friday.
Becca Lubbert had 29 digs for the Eagles in the 25-12, 28-26, 22-25, 19-25, 15-10) decision.
Krystina Schueler had 16 kills and four blocks, as Trumbull improved to 8-2 overall and 7-2 in the FCIAC.
Julia Roberto had 13 kills and four blocks.
Egyptian authorities close Rafah border crossing with Gaza, after opening it for three days for humanitarian cases.
Egyptian authorities on Tuesday closed the Rafah border crossing between Egypt and Gaza, after opening it for three consecutive days for humanitarian cases, the Ma'an news agency reports.
It was the second time the crossing was opened in both directions since the beginning of the year.
The Palestinian Authority's borders and crossings committee said in a statement that 1,527 passengers left Gaza to Egypt during the three-day opening. In addition, 924 passengers entered Gaza.
The crossing had previously been opened on January 28, when Gazans were permitted to cross for four consecutive days.
Egyptian authorities have kept the Rafah crossing virtually sealed since a terrorist attack in the Sinai Peninsula in October 2014, though they have temporarily reopened the crossing several times since that attack, mostly for the passage of humanitarian cases.
Egypt blames Hamas terrorists for providing the weapons for the lethal 2014 attack, which killed 30 soldiers, through one of its smuggling tunnels under the border to Sinai. Hamas denies the allegations.
In addition to keeping the crossing closed, Egypt has shut down the smuggling tunnels between Gaza and the Sinai Peninsula, which terrorists use to smuggle weapons, and has also built a buffer zone along the border, expelling large numbers of people from their homes for that purpose.
The latest opening of the Rafah crossing comes as Hamas attempts to repair ties with Egypt, which were strong during the rule of former President Mohammed Morsi of the Muslim Brotherhood, but have been strained under his successor, Abdel Fattah Al-Sisi.
Hamas leader Ismail Haniyeh recently met in Cairo with Egyptian officials to discuss ways to improve the strained relations.
On Sunday, Haniyeh claimed that Hamas had opened “a new page” in its relations with Egypt, adding that the group is interested in maintaining close contacts with Egypt and intends to remove all causes of concern for the Egyptian leadership, especially in the field of security.
Hamas consistently blasts Egypt for closing the border crossing with Gaza, and has also accused Israel of imposing a “siege” on Gaza. Israel, however, regularly allows humanitarian aid and construction materials into Gaza, even as Hamas continues to attack southern Israel with rockets and openly threatens to destroy the Jewish state.
Getty Image
President Trump has been slamming China for what he perceives as a lack of cooperation, but the Asian superpower has quietly been working its own economic angle with North Korea rather than joining Trump in all of his “fire and fury” bluster. Now, North Korea is going to have to do without Chinese trade, as China has refused to accept key imports in line with the United Nations' latest sanctions.
Starting September 5th, China will no longer import North Korean coal, iron, lead, and fish. That should have made the White House happy, as China is one of the only countries that will trade with North Korea (above board, that is). China's Xi Jinping urged President Trump to try further diplomacy after a recent exchange of harsh words with Kim Jong-un that resulted in threats against Guam, and now he's going along with the U.N. sanctions that Trump lobbied for him to support.
Unfortunately, despite China's attempts to soothe the two leaders and keep the peace, all while placating the United States on the sanctions deal, Trump still has plenty of ire with Xi Jinping. The New York Times reports that he is going to follow through on calling for an investigation into whether China violated intellectual property agreements. In other words, Trump is threatening China with a trade war if it doesn't in turn wage war on North Korea through trade channels. It looks like nothing will really get Beijing back on Trump's good side unless it also takes up Trump's hardline approach. Not even blocking a billion dollar's worth of trade with North Korea.
The two leaders did agree on a few points announced by the White House Saturday morning, noting, “President Trump and President Xi agreed North Korea must stop its provocative and escalatory behavior. The presidents also reiterated their mutual commitment to denuclearization of the Korean Peninsula.” But until they agree on how best to do that, it seems this awkward three-way stalemate will continue.
(Via Axios & New York Times)
Melania Trump has chosen a cream-colored Christian Dior pantsuit for her first State of the Union address as first lady.
The former fashion model paired the cropped-trouser suit with a white D&G blouse and Christian Louboutin pumps. She wore her hair loose, and flashed a bright smile.
While her husband has put forth a mantra of "America First," Mrs. Trump has mostly opted for pieces from high-end European design houses during her first year as first lady. The brands she wore Tuesday is in keeping with that custom.
Mrs. Trump has not enjoyed the support from fashion designers that her predecessor did. Where Michelle Obama frequently collaborated with designers, most of Mrs. Trump's attire is bought off-the-rack without the designer knowing the garment is destined for the first lady.
A day before families break out their grills and the sky is illuminated with pyrotechnic grandeur, the largest birthday party for America is being set up for thousands to watch.
Interested in 4th of July? Add 4th of July as an interest to stay up to date on the latest 4th of July news, video, and analysis from ABC News. Add Interest
“It's so awesome to celebrate this country and what it means to us individually and to come together as a huge massive crowd and just have a good time,” said Mitch Grassi, tenor vocalist of Pentatonix.
A production team of more than 400 members gathered at the National Mall on Tuesday to prepare for one of the largest televised events on July 4. Through the rain, oppressive heat and bright sunshine, the production team and talent rehearsed for the show that has been in planning since last July.
In addition to the thousands of people that will watch in person and at home, troops will be able to watch the event at military bases around the world.
“We are blessed to not only put this out nationally,” said Michael Colbert, executive producer of the event. “But we send it out around the world to all of our troops on the American Forces network. We're so blessed to celebrate our freedom but freedom isn't free.”
A Capitol Fourth will further honor the troops with a performance by Opera singer Renée Lynn Fleming who will perform “You'll Never Walk Alone” while 50 troops and their families will join her on stage.
“I don't think there will be a dry eye in the place,” Colbert said.
This year's event will be hosted by Full House actor John Stamos and will include performances by Andy Grammer, The Beach Boys, Jimmy Buffett, Pentatonix, The Temptations and the National Symphony Orchestra to name a few.
Pentatonix will perform their single "Sing" and debut a new mashup.
“The fact that we'll be able to entertain them while they're serving our country and bring joy to them and their families is honestly an honor and I have family that's in the military so it definitely means a lot to me,” said Scott Hoying, baritone vocalist of Pentatonix.
.@PTXofficial on @GMA this morning and now here in Washington D.C. rehearsing for their @July4thPBS concert tomorrow pic.twitter.com/hGKJFN0RRp — Geneva Sands (@Geneva_Sands) July 3, 2018
Luke Barr and Geneva Sands contributed to this story.
Preston's pantomime season is a record breaker, oh yes it is!
Seats sold for Jack and the Beanstalk at the Charter Theatre are 3,286 up on the same time last year, and in December, 83 per cent of the available capacity was sold.
Lytham-based comedian Phil Walker, who wrote the pantomime and stars as Jack, said he was thrilled by the news.
He said: “I'm overwhelmed by the audience response and the number of full houses.
“Last year was the first time I wrote a pantomime at Preston and we did Sleep Beauty. I like to think that people enjoyed that and this year told a few friends about it.”
This season's pantomime - only the second time the production has been taken in-house, runs until January 5, with matinee and evening performances.
Joining Phil on stage as fairy is Linda Nolan of The Nolans, Ian Good appears as Dame Trott in what is his 30th year in panto, Marvyn Dickinson from CBBC's Class Dismissed is the Giants evil henchmen Fleshcreep and local lass Charlotte Dalton plays Jill.
Phil added: “It's a great cast, everyone's so strong at singing and comedy.
“This year I've had more time to put the show together and the sets are more spectaucular too, it's probably the best set I've ever seen.
“It's like walking into a pop-up book with quirky little houses.
“It looks magical, it literally jumps out at you.
“The Charter Theatre is also a great place to perform. As soon as you walk in it feels intimate, as if you're among the audience. That's great for building a good atmosphere.
“The first week we performed, it was mainly school children who came to watch, then you start to get more parents and the jokes for the adults get more of a laugh.”
When they have finished their run, the cast will have performed 40 shows.
“They've been coming thick and fast, twice a day”, said Phil.
“When we've finished I've got two stand-up gigs in January, but apart from that, I'm putting my feet up for a while.”
Tickets are now on sale for next year's pantomime Aladdin. For more information about tickets and availability, visit: https://prestonguildhall.co.uk/shows/
Transcript for Inside star-studded Super Bowl affairs
It is bitter cold in Minneapolis on this super bowl weekend but the preparties are hot. Let's face it. Some go just for the parties. T.J. Holmes joins us again. T.J., I know you are the consummate professional. Always want to do your homework so I trust you did your research on this subject. Reporter: Dan, Paula, I don't need to do research on this subject. I'm already an expert. You talk about super bowl, super bowl is not just a game, right. Super bowl is actually an entire week of events and, yes, every single night here there's something to do. You're wlm hard-pressed in Minneapolis to find people going to the game. They just come here to hang out at night. What can you see at night? Look over here, snoop Dogg. Kevin hart, me, I chose to spend my night rubbing elbows with an Oscar winner. Even single digit temperatures can't keep the nights from getting hot in Minneapolis as a-listers step out for a number of super bowl bashes including this one, Jamie Foxx's Foxx and friends dinner. It is cold but you know what, though, sort of let your mind help you get used to it. Reporter: I caught up with the comedian and actor and got his take on the big game. Give me your game predictions. Look, man, I'm torn because my boy from philly, first out the limo, so I got to root for the homies, but I'm a big Tom Brady fan. You got to get an edge to the berterback to ever play, Tom Brady. Reporter: All right. You got to give him that respect. Now, if philly win I wouldn't be mad because that's the homies. Reporter: Super bowl parties like this one are always packed with musicians, actors and athletes. Shaquille O'Neal stopped to talk with us about the game and in particular, Tom Brady. If he gets a sixth super bowl ring -- Best quarterback ever in history of the NFL. Reporter: And at this party a surprise D.J. On the turntables. Yep, Shaq, aka D.J. Diesel. Request some white guy classics. Got to keep everybody included. What is a white guy classic? ??? I wish I had Jessie's girl ??? Those are Shaq's words. He said he wanted to keep everybody included so had some white guy classics. I was there as he was deejaying and he deejayed for ten or so minutes then he made a turn to journey's "Don't stop believin'" and, well, people really got into it. ??? Don't stop -- Those are classics no matter who you are. So, amazing -- Reporter: According to Shaq. We should say T.J. Is not short and standing next to Shaq, he looked short so Shaq is just gigantic. He is gigantor. Reporter: I don't know how he reached those turntables. It was fun to see the big man up there doing his thing. With a personality to mat just as big. T.J., great work. Enjoy the game. We'll see you tomorrow morning. Good to see you, guys. Really appreciate it.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
One of the joys of our corner of Orange County is the cultural diversity that comes with being home to Little Saigon, the community that emerged in parts of Westminster and Garden Grove after the Fall of Saigon in April 1975 as immigrants and refugees left South Vietnam as the communists of North Vietnam took over the entire country.
It's a well-known story to many, but the dominant narrative in American pop culture has always looked at the war, the country and its people from a white American point of view. The stories and experiences of the Vietnamese, and later the Vietnamese Americans, were often ignored in films such as “Apocalypse Now” or “Platoon,” or books such as “Dispatches” or “Born On The Fourth of July.”
Writer Viet Thanh Nguyen, though, is trying to change that, and Brainiac would like to let you know about a cool public event you can attend on Tuesday at which the Pulitzer Prize-winning author of “The Sympathizer” will be in conversation with yours truly before a question-and-answer session and a book signing.
In addition to “The Sympathizer,” Nguyen is also the author of the nonfiction book “Nothing Ever Dies: Vietnam and the Memory of War,” which was a finalist for the National Book Award last year, as well as the just-published collection of short stories titled “The Refugees.”
Nguyen, 45, left South Vietnam when he was 4 years old, eventually settling in San Jose's large Vietnamese expatriate community. “The Sympathizer,” which won the Pulitzer for literature in 2016, is his debut novel and tells the story of a man who worked as a spy for the North Vietnamese during the war, and continued to spy for them as a refugee in the United States.
Nguyen says he was always intrigued by the idea that immigrants and refugees have a dual perspective on the culture, feeling they are both part of the culture they left and part of the one into which they have assimilated. His novel explores such themes.
It's set in Los Angeles primarily, but includes occasional forays into Orange County, where invented characters at times resemble real people. Surely the congressman nicknamed Napalm Ned is a fictional take on B-1 Bob Dornan, for instance.
Nguyen, who is a professor of English and American studies and ethnicity at the University of Southern California, says in the four decades he's lived in the U.S. he's seen different Vietnamese American communities such as Little Saigon lose some of the old fervor over the lost war, though the more vocal members of the older generation still fight anything that smacks of communist influence in their neighborhoods here.
“I think that the history of the war and its impact on the Vietnamese-American refugee community is still pretty strong, but it is less than it was let's say 10 or 20 years ago,” Nguyen says. “And it depends partly on where you are in the country, what community you're in.
“There's incredible diversity of feelings and perspectives but in the epicenters of the Vietnamese community, and in places like Orange County, the public tenor of things is often dominated by those people who are still very much concerned with the legacy of the war and the need to maintain an anti-communist stance,” he says.
“So even though time has passed, even though feelings have subsided a little bit, in a place like Orange County it doesn't take much to provoke anti-communist feelings, to have protests, for example, and demonstrations against people or organizations that people feel are too sympathetic to communism.
“The community has undergone a lot of change, but there's still a very vocal element that wants to make sure that we never forget 1975,” Nguyen says.
The Register Book Club event should be a great night of conversation about literature, politics, culture and more. The event begins at 7 p.m. Tuesday at the Frida Cinema, 305 E 4th St, Santa Ana. Tickets are $10 with all of the proceeds going to two nonprofits, the Frida Cinema itself, and Nguyen's pick, the Southeast Asia Resource Action Center. You can get them by going to Eventbrite.com and searching for “Register Book Club.”
Contact the writer: Questions, comments, story ideas? 714-796-7787 or plarsen@scng.com
(Wake County City-County Bureau of Identification via AP). This undated photo made available by the Wake County City-County Bureau of Identification in May 2018 shows North Carolina State Trooper Michael G. Blake, who has been charged with assault in t...
(Wake County City-County Bureau of Identification via AP). This undated photo made available by the Wake County City-County Bureau of Identification in May 2018 shows North Carolina Trooper Tabithia L. Davis, who has been charged with assault in the ar...
(Wake County City-County Bureau of Identification via AP). This undated photo made available by the Wake County City-County Bureau of Identification in May 2018 shows Wake County Deputy Cameron Broadwell, who has been charged with assault in the arrest...
By JONATHAN DREW
Associated Press
RALEIGH, N.C. (AP) - Officers are shown tackling and punching a man on newly released video of an altercation that led to assault charges against two North Carolina state troopers and a sheriff's deputy.
Dashboard camera video released Wednesday from one of the first troopers to arrive shows Kyron Hinton standing alone late on April 3, moaning and gesturing on a Raleigh street. More than a half-dozen officers from multiple agencies surround him as cars pass.
Eventually a canine handler approaches, with the dog barking. The handler yells: "Get on the ground; you're gonna get bit!"
When Hinton doesn't comply, the officer releases the dog, which lunges and gets a mouthful of Hinton's clothing. The canine handler then grabs Hinton's upper torso and pulls him down, the video shows.
While Hinton is on the ground, at least one other officer can be seen punching him. Others hold onto his legs to try to subdue him.
The videos from three law enforcement agencies were released Wednesday to news outlets including The Associated Press after they went to court to request they be made public. North Carolina law generally requires a judge's order for the release of police dashboard or body camera footage.
Wake County Master Deputy Cameron Broadwell, a canine handler, was charged earlier this month with two counts of felony assault in an indictment alleging that he hit Hinton with his hands and attacked him with the dog.
Troopers Michael G. Blake and Tabithia L. Davis were charged with one count each of felony assault; the Wake County indictment alleges they hit Hinton with their flashlights.
All three are also charged with willfully failing to discharge duties, a misdemeanor. Each has been placed on administrative duty.
Broadwell's attorneys write in court documents that Hinton was acting in a threatening manner, appeared intoxicated and refused to comply with commands from officers. The attorneys noted that five people had called 911 to report Hinton standing in the middle of the busy street "screaming, yelling, and acting in a threatening manner."
Broadwell's attorney Rick Gammon declined further comment Wednesday. Attorneys for Blake and Davis didn't immediately respond to messages seeking comment on the videos.
Initially, Hinton was charged with disorderly conduct, resisting officers and attacking a law enforcement dog, according to arrest records. The charges were later dropped.
Hinton has said that he suffered an eye injury during the arrest that required surgery. He also told reporters earlier this month that he still has scars from being bitten by the law enforcement dog.
"When you see the actual video footage, it's worse than a horror movie," he said earlier this month.
___
Follow Drew at www.twitter.com/JonathanLDrew
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
It's no surprise to anyone that the housing market of 2018 isn't the same as the one 40 years ago. But what it means for young people piecing together careers is that they can't expect to afford the same houses and lifestyles their parents' generation was able to obtain.
Millennials, sometimes referred to as “generation rent,” are having to get creative and find alternatives. And for many of them, it's working just fine.
Britni de la Cretaz, 33, a freelance journalist who lives in the Boston area with her husband and children, didn't want to give up on the idea of homeownership. But she and her husband, who works as a consultant, also had to cope with the financial uncertainty that usually accompanies contract work. Instead of opting out, they bought a house, then rented out the ground floor.
“We never wanted to worry about not being able to pay our mortgage, so we intentionally sought out a two-family home so we would always have rental income, even if our job situation became precarious,” de la Cretaz says.
“A consequence of coming of age during an economic recession is missing out on many of the employment benefits seen by previous generations,” says Nancy Worth, an assistant professor of geography at the University of Waterloo in Waterloo, Ontario. She uses generational analysis through her project, GenYatHome, to examine how people born at a particular time share experiences. “Their experience is with a job market characterized by flexibility and precarity. Jobs with full benefits are something most millennials have never known.”
The financial burden faced by many young people is formidable. About 1 in 3 millennials lives with their parents because of the combined burden of student loans, a competitive multigenerational job market, and rising mortgage rates, according to the U.S. Census Bureau. Rising costs are a barrier to home-buying, especially for millennials. As if cost isn't a big enough obstacle, there's a significant inventory shortage in many cities.
The problem isn't just for home buyers; renters are also struggling. According to the Harvard Joint Center for Housing Studies, 11.1 million renters in the U.S. spent more than 50 percent of their income on housing.
Millennials are creating their own version of success, Worth says, even though it looks different from previous generations' picture of the American Dream.
Lynn Brown, 28, refused to let the housing market and rising costs of living stop her from enjoying life. For her, financial stability was a higher priority than having a permanent roof over her head.
So, technically, she's homeless. But happy.
She says the only thing she's had to give up is other people's timelines. “There's this idea that in your 30s you should be settling down and having a family and that kind of thing. Like the only thing I feel like I've sacrificed is the mentality of where I'm supposed to be at my age and what I'm supposed to be doing,” Brown says.
"As housing becomes nontraditional in all these different ways, there are lots of innovations of work that are happening."
Before committing to a nomadic lifestyle, Brown sought out more traditional means of cost-effective housing. “In the past, I've tried to either live in cheaper areas or live in communal housing.”
While living in the San Francisco Bay Area, she shared a historic house with eight other people. “But I'm not really a fan of roommates, which made it difficult,” she says.
She was always enamored with the idea of traveling constantly, but the end of a relationship finally gave her the push to get started. “Instead of finding a new place to live, [I] just decided to fulfill my fantasy of traveling constantly. I cut down my belongings to eight boxes and two suitcases—put the boxes in storage in my mother's basement and carry the essentials with me in my suitcases.”
Brown started freelance writing about travel and history as a way to make income on the go.
“For a lot of young people in this generation, work has a new normal, compared to their parents and grandparents,” Worth says, discussing how many millennials have unique and flexible work.
They're as flexible with work as they are with housing, changing jobs often. A recent Gallup poll found that 45 percent of millennials would change jobs for student loan reimbursement and tuition reimbursement, and 50 percent would change jobs for part-time flex work options.
“Part of the wider story is thinking about how housing, work, and our social lives fit together,” Worth says. “As housing becomes nontraditional in all these different ways, there are lots of innovations of work that are happening, as well as trying to make work possible but also fulfilling.”
Millennials are known for embracing the gig economy, a work style characterized by a series of contract jobs and short-term assignments. Self-employment and fluctuating income make it a lot more difficult to buy a house.
Worth believes variations of de la Cretaz's home-sharing structure are common for individuals doing freelance work. Housing coping strategies, she says, are useful for those with freelance or contract jobs, who don't necessarily want to be the only name on a long-term lease.
For de la Cretaz, there were other perks.
“It gave us housing stability, allowed us to begin saving for retirement, provided childcare help for us when we had other people living in our home, and gave friends and community members a place to live when they needed it,” she says.
"The idea of what's normal has really changed."
Alaina Leary, 25, works in publishing from home and opted to live in Quincy, a town in the Boston area with a lower cost of living.
“It has no doubt saved me a lot of money and time. It's time I now spend working and making money, and even the extra 2–3 hours per day five days a week has yielded thousands of extra dollars in my savings account over 2017 and early 2018,” Leary says.
While these approaches are innovative, Worth says, they're choices being made not just from a cultural standpoint, but also out of necessity.
“If you look at the baby boomers, a lot of them were able to move out by their late teens even and had permanent full-time jobs with benefits in their 20s, but within one generation that's really changed,” Worth says. “The idea of what's normal has really changed. Young people typically look to their parents for what to expect, but nothing is the same in terms of wider social conditions around work, housing, and family life.”
The nonprofit policy research organization Generation Squeeze estimates it took five years to save a 20 percent down payment in 1976, compared to 13–27 years today. Many Americans are no longer able to make a 20 percent down payment.
But interestingly, Worth says, millennials seem to be less bothered by communal living situations. “One in three people surveyed responded with ‘I lived at home because I want to stay with my parents,'” she says. “That isn't necessarily new with the millennial generation, but it's an unreflected-upon part of why millennials live at home, this idea of generational interconnectedness and helping each other cope in times of economic stress.”
“I'm taking this time of not having rent to save up some money and decide where I want to settle down long term—or if I want to settle down at all,” Brown says.
WASHINGTON -
Scientists have witnessed the first modern case of what they call “river piracy” and they blame global warming. Most of the water gushing from a large glacier in northwest Canada last year suddenly switched from one river to another.
That changed the Slims River from a three-metre deep, raging river to something so shallow that it barely was above a scientist's high top sneakers at midstream. The melt from the Yukon's Kaskawulsh glacier now flows mostly into the Alsek River and ends up in the Pacific Ocean instead of the Arctic's Bering Sea.
It seemed to all happen in about one day — last May 26 — based on river gauge data, said Dan Shugar, a University of Washington Tacoma professor who studies how land changes. A 30-metre tall canyon formed at the end of the glacier, rerouting the melting water, Shugar and his colleagues wrote in a study published in Monday's journal Nature Geoscience.
The term “river piracy” is usually used to describe events that take a long time to occur, such as tens of thousands of years, and had not been seen in modern times, especially not this quickly, said study co-author Jim Best of the University of Illinois. It's different from something like the Mississippi River changing course at its delta and it involves more than one river and occurs at the beginning of a waterway, not the end.
The scientists had been to the edge of the Kaskawulsh glacier in 2013. Then the Slims River was “swift, cold and deep” and flowing fast enough that it could be dangerous to wade through, Shugar said. They returned last year to find the river shallow and as still as a lake, while the Alsek, was deeper and flowing faster.
“We were really surprised when we got there and there was basically no water in the river,” Shugar said of the Slims. “We could walk across it and we wouldn't get our shirts wet. It was like a snake-shaped lake rather than a river.”
What had been a river delta at the edge of the Slims River had changed into a place full of “afternoon dust storms with this fine dust getting into your nose and your mouth,” Best said.
The lack of water in the Slims wasn't because of changes in rainfall, Shugar said. They know that because it's a river fed mostly by glacial melt, not rain, and the Alsek increased in amounts similar to what disappeared from the Slims.
The Kaskawulsh glacier covers about 25,000 square kilometres, about the size of Vermont. The front of the glacier has retreated nearly 1.9 million kilometres since 1899, Shugar said.
The scientists calculate that there is only a one in 200 chance that the retreating glacier and river piracy is completely natural without man-made global warming. They used weather and ice observations and a computer simulation that models how likely the glacier retreat would be with current conditions and without heat-trapping greenhouse gases.
Several outside scientists praised the study as significant and sensible.
“This is an interesting study and reconfirms that climate change has large, widespread and sometimes surprising impacts,” Pennsylvania State University glacier expert Richard Alley, who wasn't part of the study, said in an email.
Rachel Blanchard, Greg Poehler, Priscilla Faia of 'You Me Her.' ( You Me Her/Facebook )
Jennifer LeClaire is now sharing her reflections and revelations through Walking in the Spirit. Listen at charismapodcastnetwork.com.
It's supposed to be an original comedy series—but there's nothing funny about it.
Entertainment One premiered the second season of You Me Her on Feb. 14 exclusively on the Audience Network, operated by AT&T. There are 10 half-hour episodes in all.
Season 1 of You Me Her was billed as a contemporary classic romantic comedy that just so happened to involve three people. Now that grad student Izzy is moving in with suburban couple Jack and Emma, Season 2 is about the complex realities of polyamory and "throupling."
"What happens when this peculiar rom-com fades to black? Can they prove their best, truest, happiest lives really are together, even when more conventional alternatives beckon? They stood up to the outside world but now they have to face something even more formidable: themselves," AT&T said in its press release.
As I've said before, the push for polyamory is slowly and steadily rising in the media, in many ways taking a page from the gay agenda's playbook. Polyamory has already been a legislative issue in Canada. Rest assured, America is next. The shadow of Sodom and Gomorrah hangs over America. Perversion is rising.
Can we pray the polyamory away? If we sit by and complain or stick our heads in the sand, arguing that Christians should not be discussing these issues, then we're admitting defeat and displeasing Christ.
But if you believe, as I do, that God can deliver some from the grip of immorality—whether that's adultery, fornication, masturbation, pornography, homosexuality, polygamy, bestiality, polyamory or some other sexual sin—then drop to your knees and join with me in intercessory prayer. It's not only about setting the captives free—it's about protecting the next generation of young minds the media is molding.
Jennifer LeClaire is senior editor of Charisma. She is also director of Awakening House of Prayer in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, co-founder of awakeningtv.com, on the leadership team of the New Breed Revival Network and author of several books, including The Next Great Move of God: An Appeal to Heaven for Spiritual Awakening; Mornings With the Holy Spirit, Listening Daily to the Still, Small Voice of God; The Making of a Prophet and Satan's Deadly Trio: Defeating the Deceptions of Jezebel, Religion and Witchcraft. You can visit her website here. You can also join Jennifer on Facebook or follow her on Twitter. Jennifer's Periscope handle is @propheticbooks.
Leaders are readers! Subscribe now and get 3 magazines for the price of 1. Get Ministry Today, Charisma and SpiritLed Woman all for $24. YES - Sign me up!
3 Reasons Why you should read Life in the Spirit. 1) Get to know the Holy Spirit. 2) Learn to enter God's presence 3) Hear God's voice clearly! Click Here to draw closer to God!
Did you enjoy this blog? Click here to receive it by email.
Did you like this article? You'll enjoy Jennifer LeClaire's book, The Spiritual Warrior's Guide to Defeating Jezebel
-
See an error in this article? This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
“The Effortless Girl”, Julie Loven, joins us on Daytime with some great ideas on how to spruce up your home on a budget for the holidays.
For more please visit her website.
The white cloud juxtaposed next to a wondrous blue sky would make this a pretty picture on its own, add this most dramatic setting and it becomes even more impressive.
The fist-shaped rock resembles some kind of giant sculpture carved from the earth and those of you who have been here before will instantly recognise this striking landscape as Brimham Rocks, in North Yorkshire.
Situated on a hill overlooking Summerbridge and Lower Nidderdale, Brimham Rocks are a series of weird and wonderfully shaped millstone grit outcrops, sculpted by erosion during the last ice age.
Balancing like circus artists frozen in time, the rocks stand up to 30 metres tall in places and create a labyrinth of paths through the landscape. As befits such an unusual sight these rock formations have equally intriguing names, so next time you're there try and spot the Dancing Bear, the Smartie Tube and the Camel.
At this time of year the stark, barren landscape can appear even more striking and is an ideal place to blow the cobwebs away and help walk off some of that post-Christmas excess while enjoying some of our finest countryside.
The land, part of the Nidderdale Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty, is owned by the National Trust and generations of families and climbers have travelled here over the years to enjoy the soaring views out across Nidderdale.
The allure doesn't stop there. Brimham Rocks were the inspiration behind an artwork shortlisted for a place on the Fourth Plinth in Trafalgar Square back in 2013.
Artist Marcus Coates created the piece, entitled Unmade Monument, as an exact model of the Eagle, one of the rocks here. They have also made some unlikely cameos over the years having appeared in a couple of children's TV shows and featured in the Bee Gees' video for their number one hit single You Win Again – a grand, if slightly incongruous, location for a pop song.
Technical details: Nikon D3s camera with a 24-70mm lens at 24mm with an exposure of 1/800th sec at F7.1 with ISO of 400.
Rating: 5.0. From 2 votes. Please wait...
Author: Fiona Lowe
ISBN: 9781489246745
RRP: $29.99
Publisher: HQ Fiction
Copy: Courtesy of the Publisher
Birthright was a March book club title and I snuck the reading in right at the end of the month, then got caught up in admin for April and before you know it I'm looking down the barrel of JUNE and still haven't written the review. That means it's been way too long so this review is definitely going to be a bit of a challenge to write but I'm determined to get it done before throwing myself into June admin.
The book opens on Mother's Day with Sarah awakening to an alarm that didn't need to be set, way too early for any Sunday let alone Mother's Day. In what is a common thought for many mothers she finds herself thinking, on more than one occasion throughout the day, that this is supposed to be her day. She hosts a Mother's Day lunch at her place for her mother and siblings trying to walk the fine line between having a mother's day for herself and celebrating her mother.
I really loved this book and the themes it raised though I have to say that I really didn't like most of the characters at one point or another.
Fiona Lowe started her writing career with romance novels but in the last couple of years has spread her typing fingers and expanded into family sagas, and this one certainly is a saga. There is drama, betrayal, secrets, lies and despicable behaviour.
It's one thing to have a family pull out the swords and fight like carrion over a will after a death in the family when emotions are already high and grief is in the mix. I think it's a completely different thing for the backstabbing and sneaking around to try and find out, then change, the terms of a will before the family member is even on their deathbed, it is completely reprehensible. Family should be about so much more than what you're going to get when your loved ones pass away. I know this sort of thing happens, and it happens a lot, but it doesn't make it any easier for me to fathom.
I actually don't know which character I liked the least, there was so much deplorable behaviour going on.
Margaret is the family matriarch and she's a formidable woman, she's always been the strength of the family but it doesn't take long to see how she plays her children off against one another and manipulates them all. Her strength and perceived invincibility make it harder to watch her health begin to deteriorate, and her personal struggle with her ailments after always being so strong, both mentally and physically.
Birthright explores the idea of inheritance and whether it is a birthright or a reward earned for being a dutiful child, do the right thing for your parents in life and you will be rewarded by their death. Or do you deserve a fair share just by being one of the offspring? It also explores all of the pitfalls and strings attached when that inheritance is dangled in front of you; whether for compliance, incentive or the pure joy of manipulation.
All of these characters have more than their fair share of angst and family issues, outside of any sibling rivalry that they're facing. I think Ellie is my favourite character, she's flawed and she knows it. She is the baby of the family and there is quite a decent age gap between herself and Sarah and Cameron. They weren't living at home in their small Victorian town when she became a troubled teen and went a little wild, before leaving town and vowing not to return.
The long held resentments that have been kept well hidden start to break free and battle lines are most definitely drawn as a family ends up losing sight of their family bonds.
There is so much drama in this family that it's no wonder battle lines were drawn but some of the issues they face are issues that you need your family by your side for.
I really enjoyed following the family through fracture and drama to watch them come through the other side. Inheritance isn't the only issue facing the Jamieson's, there's abuse, infidelity, divorce, building new business, out of character teenage behaviour, betrayal, lies and shady business dealings. And that's before they start uncovering the secrets that were buried in the past.
Birthright was a story that definitely captured my attention and kept me enthralled, even when I couldn't find much to like about the characters. A book that I would recommend unreservedly, and will have me looking out for the new Fiona Lowe title.
Fiona Lowe can be found on Facebook, Twitter, and her Website.
Birthright is book #14 for the Australian Women Writer's Challenge 2018.
Thanks to Harlequin 20 of our Beauty and Lace Club members have read Birthright and you can read what they thought at BOOK CLUB: Birthright.
Birthright is available now through Harlequin and from Angus and Robertson Bookworld, Booktopia and where all good books are sold.
You May Also Like:
Three-division world champion Vasyl Lomachenko has undergone surgery to fix a torn labrum in his right shoulder.
The two-time Olympic gold medalist from Ukraine hopes to return to the ring later this year, according to a statement Wednesday from his promoter.
Lomachenko (11-1, 9 KOs) had arthroscopic surgery at the Cedars-Sinai Kerlan-Jobe Institute in Los Angeles by orthopedic surgeon Neal ElAttrache.
Lomachenko says he hurt his shoulder during the second round of his 10th-round stoppage victory over Jorge Linares in New York on May 12 to defend his WBA lightweight title.
ElAttrache says Lomachenko had an "extensive" tear in his labrum along with cartilage damage, but the surgeon believes Lomachenko will make a full recovery.
Lomachenko initially planned to fight again Aug. 25, but won't make that date while recovering.
Getty Image
The Cleveland Cavaliers were able to escape Indiana with a split in Games 3 and 4 on the road to regain homecourt advantage in their first round series and avoid the prospects of facing their final game of the second LeBron James era in Cleveland. Every playoff loss inches them closer to a summer that will be filled with stress as their franchise cornerstone enters unrestricted free agency with zero promises that he'll stay. There are varied opinions about what teams have the advantage in recruiting James this summer, but there is a relative consensus that four teams lead the pack in terms of getting genuine interest from The King.
The Cavs, Lakers, Rockets, and Sixers are the four squads expected to have a legitimate shot at landing LeBron this summer, as there are only a few other teams with the cap space to give him the max and none of those have much in the way to offer as far as a roster capable of competing for championships. Depending on how things go over the next few weeks, those questions will persist for the Cavs as well, as this roster appears fairly tapped out and capped out for the foreseeable future, which isn't ideal.
The Lakers also have questions about their readiness to compete for titles, while the Rockets the biggest issue in landing LeBron is the incredible cap gymnastics it would take to fit him in (and even so, it would be for well under the max). The Sixers, however, have the cap space and the apparent foundation to compete in the immediate as they are close to dispatching the Heat in the first round and could very well land in the conference finals after a second round series with Boston or Milwaukee.
10:07 Reported News Briefs Sivan 21, 5777 , 15/06/17 Sivan 21, 5777 , 15/06/17 Israel requests UN official's expulsion Read more Piper has criticized Israeli military control over Judea and Samaria. ► ◄ Last Briefs
The Los Angeles Lakers' 110-100 loss to the Indiana Pacers at Bankers Life Fieldhouse on Monday night did not feature one of Lonzo Ball's finer offensive performances. The rookie out of UCLA took four shots from field—all threes, only one of which he made—and, though his eight assists were solid on paper, logged just two of those helpers following a prolific first quarter.
After the game, Lakers head coach Luke Walton didn't sound particularly concerned about Zo's aggression (or lack thereof), though he certainly sees the benefits of Ball looking to score more often.
“Sometimes, we'd like him to even be more aggressive, even if it causes turnovers or missed shots, just to continue to get reps at doing things,” Walton explained. “He does a nice job of reading and taking what the defense gives him.”
In Ball's case, the defense typically affords him attempts from beyond the arc. Though Lonzo seemed to find his rhythm in February and early March, he's struggled with his shot of late—as he did to start the 2017-18 NBA season—dropping his overall rate of success on threes to 31.5 percent.
“He's pretty good at taking what the defense gives him on most nights,” Walton said, “On a lot of nights, that's three-point shots because a lot of teams go under on him. He doesn't normally get fixated on anything and try to force it.”
On the whole, the Lakers' coach seemed to like the effort and activity he saw from Ball.
“I thought he was really good to start, really locked in, ready to go,” Walton said. “I feel like defensively most nights, he's always tracking the ball and engaged.”
The problems for Lonzo, in Luke's eyes, were an offensive game plan that favored Brook Lopez and Julius Randle inside and a team-wide defensive performance that didn't yield enough opportunities to push the pace.
“I think tonight we were posting up so much that offensively we didn't have him as involved as we need him,” Walton went on. “We had an advantage down low, so we kept going there.
“For us to get out and run and him to play make, we have to get stops and we weren't getting very many stops in the game tonight. That was tough.”
Luke Walton & @LakersReporter discuss the contrast in defensive intensity between the 1st half and the 3rd quarter. pic.twitter.com/jT5guQJYiN — Spectrum SportsNet (@SpectrumSN) March 20, 2018
Creating those kinds of quick scoring chances might not be much easier on Thursday, when the Lakers face Anthony Davis and the New Orleans Pelicans at the Smoothie King Center. Then again, with the Pelicans tracking 0.52 possessions per game behind L.A.'s league-leading pace, per NBA.com, a battle with The Brow's squad could be exactly what Ball and the Purple and Gold need to get their tempo back up where it belongs.
Schoolchildren, community choirs and church members came together for Sunderland's third annual Ha'way in a Manger Christmas celebration.
The event, in Sunderland's Park Lane Shopping Village, saw traditional carols from local pupils and choirs, craft prayer activities and drumming displays to give offered shoppers a memorable Mackem take on the meaning of Christmas.
Youngsters sing carols
Run entirely by volunteers from Connect Network -a Wearside network bringing Christians, Churches and communities together to help transform the city – the Christmas celebration set out to share joy through faith-based activities for all the family.
Connect Network invited shoppers to take a few minutes out of their busy day to relax, reflect and appreciate the special reason behind the season. One hundred children and community members took part, including Grindon Hall Christian School performing Bethlehem the Musical, singing from New Penshaw Academy, and Northern Saints School doing African drumming.
Prayer stations provided space for quiet contemplation, and volunteers were on hand for anyone needing spiritual support on the day.
Deb Fozzard, Director of Connect Network said: “I was genuinely amazed and thrilled to see so many churches taking time out of their very busy Christmas period to come and be together and serve the city.
It was clear that everyone taking part was enjoying working together to bless the city of Sunderland and share the good news of Christmas. We have real hope for our city and are here to support and encourage the people of Sunderland anyway we can. Deb Fozzard
“It was clear that everyone taking part was enjoying working together to bless the city of Sunderland and share the good news of Christmas. We have real hope for our city and are here to support and encourage the people of Sunderland anyway we can.”
Connect Network was approached by Sunderland Business Improvement District to deliver the event as part of its five-week festive celebration in the city, which launched with the switch-on of the Christmas lights and runs until Christmas Eve.
Kirsty Currie, from Sunderland BID, said: “Ha'Way in a Manger brought a fun packed programme of activities to Park Lane which really demonstrated the meaning of Community Spirit.
“It was wonderful to see the area busy and being enjoyed by so many, whether there for the full afternoon or just passing through. There were not many people who didn't stop and ask what was happening.
One of the craft stalls
“We really hope activity such as our Community Spirit programme this Christmas will remind people the city has lots to offer. With performances continuing until 24 December there is still time for people to enjoy the programme we have on offer.”
Christmas activities continue in Park Lane Shopping Village until Christmas Eve, to find a local Christmas church service near you visit www.connectnetwork.uk/christmas.
НТВ в социальных сетях twitter
facebook
google
vk
odnoklassniki
instagram
telegram
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
Members of the House of Representatives gathered at the Capitol Building in Washington, D.C., today after the shooting at a Virginia park that injured five people, including U.S. Rep. Steve Scalise.
Democrats and Republicans held hands and prayed together at the start of the briefing, and leadership from both parties sat together throughout the briefing.
House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., took to the chamber floor to encourage prayers for the victims and give praise to the "tremendous bravery" of the U.S. Capitol Police.
"We are all horrified by this dreadful attack on our friends and on our colleagues who serve and protect this country," Ryan said.
Ryan said the members of the house are "united" in their shock and anguish.
"An attack on one of us is an attack on all of us," he said.
Pelosi echoed those sentiments in her remarks, calling the shooting an "injury in the family."
Pelosi added that she hopes the tragedy will allow her and her fellow House members to "resolve our differences."
The House adjourned for the day after the briefing. The Congressional Baseball Game, for which Scalise and his GOP colleagues where practicing when they were attacked, will continue as planned Thursday at Nationals Park, Ryan said.
Pelosi said, "Tomorrow we'll go out on the field. We'll root for our team. We want everyone to. .. do their best. And we will use this occasion to bring us together."
President Trump was also among a wide range of politicians who reacted to the shooting, saying in a statement that he was "deeply saddened" by the attack.
"Our thoughts and prayers are the with members of Congress, their staffs, Capital Police, first responders and all others affected," Trump tweeted of the incident that left the alleged assailant dead and five people injured, including Rep. Scalise.
Carlos Barria/Reuters/FILE
Trump also described the Louisiana Republican as a "true friend and patriot.”
Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana, a true friend and patriot, was badly injured but will fully recover. Our thoughts and prayers are with him. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 14, 2017
Politicians and public figures took to social media to react to the shooting:
Vice President Mike Pence
Karen & I are praying for @SteveScalise, the Capitol Police, & all hurt for a speedy recovery. Our hearts are with them & their loved ones. — Vice President Pence (@VP) June 14, 2017
First lady Melania Trump
Thank you to the first responders who rushed in to help protect those who were hurt in Alexandria, VA. My thoughts & prayers to everyone! — Melania Trump (@FLOTUS) June 14, 2017
White House press secretary Sean Spicer
Both @POTUS & @VP are aware of the developing situation in Virginia. Our thoughts and prayers are with all affected. — Sean Spicer (@PressSec) June 14, 2017
Speaker of the House Paul Ryan, R-Wis.
This morning the hearts of the whole House are with @SteveScalise, the brave Capitol police, staff, and all those who were in harm's way. — Paul Ryan (@SpeakerRyan) June 14, 2017
Ivanka Trump
Ivanka Trump echoed her father's statement, offering prayers to Scalise and the other victims of the "tragic events."
"We are grateful for their service and their dedication to this country," she said.
Sen. Marco Rubio. R-Fla.
Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz.
Praying for @SteveScalise, my colleagues, staff & officers involved in terrible shooting- appreciate @CapitolPolice's bravery & swift action — John McCain (@SenJohnMcCain) June 14, 2017
Rep. Roger Williams, R-Texas
In a statement, Rep. Roger Williams said a member of his staff was shot and is receiving medical attention.
Williams was not hurt in the shooting.
The Republican baseball team holds practice every morning at 6:30 a.m. at the park, Williams said.
Sen. Tim Kaine, D-Va.
“I am praying for Representative Scalise and all hurt in the outrageous attack this morning in Alexandria,” Sen. Tim Kaine said in a statement. “Thank you to the Capitol Police, Alexandria Police, first responders and everyone helps those harmed.”
Former Rep. Gabby Giffords, D-Ariz.
My heart is with my former colleagues, their families & staff, and the US Capitol Police- public servants and heroes today and every day. — Gabrielle Giffords (@GabbyGiffords) June 14, 2017
Rep. Jeff Duncan, R-S.C.
Rep. Darin LaHood, R-Ill.
My prayers are with @SteveScalise this morning as he's treated after this morning's shooting & will continue to monitor developments closely — Darin LaHood (@RepLaHood) June 14, 2017
Rep. Erik Paulsen, R-Minn.
I wish everyone a speedy and full recovery and am relieved that this was not worse — Rep. Erik Paulsen (@RepErikPaulsen) June 14, 2017
Thank you to the @CapitolPolice for their courage and bravery, and acting so quickly — Rep. Erik Paulsen (@RepErikPaulsen) June 14, 2017
Rep. Mo Brooks, R-Ala.
Praying for those injured at this morning's practice. I'm especially thankful to the US Capitol Police who risked their lived to protect us. — Mo Brooks (@RepMoBrooks) June 14, 2017
Rep. Ed Perlmutter, D-Colo.
Deeply saddened and praying for Rep. Scalise & all the others who were shot. I never expected something like this to happen. — Rep. Ed Perlmutter (@RepPerlmutter) June 14, 2017
Rep. Jared Polis, D-Colo.
Thoughts and prayers w my Republican baseball friends this morning. Dem practice cancelled holding in dugout w security — Jared Polis (@jaredpolis) June 14, 2017
Congressional votes cancelled for today
Thoughts and prayers for the victims of the baseball shooting — Jared Polis (@jaredpolis) June 14, 2017
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky.
My prayers are with those wounded this morning & their families. Continued appreciation to Capitol Police & first responders. — Leader McConnell (@SenateMajLdr) June 14, 2017
Sen. Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y.
Saddened by news of the shooting in VA this am. Thoughts & prayers for Rep @SteveScalise & others injured & hope for a speedy recovery. — Chuck Schumer (@SenSchumer) June 14, 2017
Always so grateful for the US Capitol Police officers. Their bravery saved lives in VA this morning. Thank you. — Chuck Schumer (@SenSchumer) June 14, 2017
Rep. Patrick McHenry, R-N.C.
I was not at today's practice. My prayers are with my good friend Whip Scalise, staff, and the Capitol police officers injured this morning. — Patrick McHenry (@PatrickMcHenry) June 14, 2017
God bless @CapitolPolice. Their quick, heroic actions saved many lives today. Thankful for their dedicated service keeping us safe each day. — Patrick McHenry (@PatrickMcHenry) June 14, 2017
Rep. Bob Latta, R-Ohio
Marcia and I send prayers to @SteveScalise and victims of today's shooting. Grateful for @CapitolPolice + @AlexandriaVAPD for their actions. — U.S. Rep. Bob Latta (@boblatta) June 14, 2017
Rep. Earl Blumenauer, D-Ore.
My thoughts are w/ Steve Scalise, colleagues & all affected in the horrific shooting. Grateful for brave Capitol Police & others who acted. — Earl Blumenauer (@repblumenauer) June 14, 2017
Sen. Bob Corker, R-Tenn.
My prayers are with all those affected by this morning's shooting. I am extremely grateful for our brave Capitol Police officers. — Senator Bob Corker (@SenBobCorker) June 14, 2017
Sen. Roy Blunt, R-Mo.
Praying for all of those hurt in today's horrific shooting at the congressional baseball practice (1/2) — Senator Roy Blunt (@RoyBlunt) June 14, 2017
Incredibly grateful for our law enforcement officers who put their lives on the line every day to keep us safe. (2/2) — Senator Roy Blunt (@RoyBlunt) June 14, 2017
Sen. Chuck Grassley, R-Iowa
My prayers are w my colleagues, congressional staff + Capitol police at GOP congressional baseball practice this morning — ChuckGrassley (@ChuckGrassley) June 14, 2017
Rep. Jason Chaffetz, R-Utah
Praying for my colleagues this morning. God bless — Jason Chaffetz (@jasoninthehouse) June 14, 2017
Rep. Matt Gaetz, R-Fla.
Praying for my friend @SteveScalise — Matt Gaetz (@mattgaetz) June 14, 2017
Rep. Roger Marshall, R-Kan.
I am alright. Please pray with me this morning. — Dr. Roger Marshall (@RogerMarshallMD) June 14, 2017
Rep. Patrick Meehan, R-Pa.
My thoughts and prayers are with my colleagues, the staffers and the U.S. Capitol Police officers involved in this morning's shooting. — Patrick Meehan (@RepMeehan) June 14, 2017
House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif.
My thoughts and prayers with @SteveScalise, Capitol Police and staff at the shooting in Alexandria, VA this morning. — Nancy Pelosi (@NancyPelosi) June 14, 2017
Sen. Claire McCaskill, D-Mo.
Please people. No partisan politics over this. Let's come together against evil. United by our common decency. — Claire McCaskill (@clairecmc) June 14, 2017
Unspeakable evil. Pray that Rep Scalise, police officers and everyone else will be ok. — Claire McCaskill (@clairecmc) June 14, 2017
Sen. Mark Warner, D-Va.
Prayers for Steve Scalise & others injured. Grateful this and every day for our brave police & first responders. — Mark Warner (@MarkWarner) June 14, 2017
Rep. Pete Sessions, R-Texas
Watching the news unfold this morning and my prayers are with my friend @SteveScalise and the several others who were harmed this morning. — Pete Sessions (@PeteSessions) June 14, 2017
Rep. Bill Shuster, R-Pa.
Praying for my colleague @SteveScalise, @CapitolPolice, and all staff targeted this morning in this horrific shooting. — Bill Shuster (@RepBillShuster) June 14, 2017
Sen. Jerry Moran, R-Kan.
Shocked & saddened by this AM's shooting, praying for all impacted. Thankful for efforts of those working to keep Congress & staff safe. — Jerry Moran (@JerryMoran) June 14, 2017
Rep. Gus Bilirakis, R-Fla.
.@SteveScalise is one of the toughest people I know. Praying for his speedy recovery and for all staff & USCP officers involved this morning — Gus Bilirakis (@RepGusBilirakis) June 14, 2017
Rep. John Shimkus, R-Ill.
Please pray with me for my friend @SteveScalise, USCP and all those there. https://t.co/ugvaL6n0kY — John Shimkus (@RepShimkus) June 14, 2017
Rep. Mike Coffman, R-Colo.
My thoughts and prayers are with my colleagues and staff who were at the Congressional baseball practice this morning. — Rep. Mike Coffman (@RepMikeCoffman) June 14, 2017
Rep. Robert Aderholt, R-Ala.
Please join me in praying for my colleagues and Capitol Police. I am fine. Thank you to those who have asked. — Rep. Robert Aderholt (@Robert_Aderholt) June 14, 2017
Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen, R-Fla.
Thoughts and prayers for @SteveScalise, staff, + @CapitolPolice heroes who are victims of cowardly shooting. Grateful for courage of police — Ileana Ros-Lehtinen (@RosLehtinen) June 14, 2017
Rep. Tim Ryan, D-Ohio
My prayers are going to @SteveScalise, staff, and Capitol Police officers who were involved with this horrible incident this morning. — Congressman Tim Ryan (@RepTimRyan) June 14, 2017
Rep. Mike Quigley, D-Ill.
Horrified to hear of attack in VA—My thoughts are w/ my colleagues, their staff & Capitol Police, as we continue to gather more information. — Mike Quigley (@RepMikeQuigley) June 14, 2017
Rep. Darrell Issa, R-Calif.
Asking you to join me in prayer for @SteveScalise, @CapitolPolice, their staff & others at the Congressional baseball game practice this AM — Darrell Issa (@DarrellIssa) June 14, 2017
Sen. Bill Cassidy, R-La.
Reports saying that @SteveScalise is in stable condition. Please keep him and all those injured in your prayers. — Bill Cassidy (@BillCassidy) June 14, 2017
Rep. Chellie Pingree, D-Maine
Thinking of our colleagues & staff involved in Alexandria baseball shooting. We are grateful to Capitol police for their service to us all. — Chellie Pingree (@chelliepingree) June 14, 2017
Rep. Jeff Fortenberry, R-Neb.
I'm shocked, I'm grieved, I'm numb about the shooting of my friend Steve Scalise. — Jeff Fortenberry (@JeffFortenberry) June 14, 2017
Rep. Brian Higgins, D-N.Y.
Thinking of my colleagues after a horrible attack on members of Congress, staff and @CapitolPolice. Wishing all a full and speedy recovery. — Brian Higgins (@RepBrianHiggins) June 14, 2017
Rep. Virginia Foxx, R-N.C.
Please join me in praying for those injured in the shooting at @thehillbaseball practice this morning. — Virginia Foxx (@virginiafoxx) June 14, 2017
Rep. Gregg Harper, R-Miss.
My staff and I are safe. We are praying for Rep. Scalise, the staffer and the two Capitol police officers who were injured this morning. — Gregg Harper (@GreggHarper) June 14, 2017
Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers, R-Wash.
Horrifying news of @stevescalise, aides, & @capitolpolice shooting. Join me praying for him, his wife Jennifer, kids, staff & all involved — CathyMcMorrisRodgers (@cathymcmorris) June 14, 2017
Rep. Michael Burgess, R-Texas
I am praying for Rep. @SteveScalise and others affected by this morning's events. Thank you to @CapitolPolice for your heroic work. — Michael Burgess, MD (@michaelcburgess) June 14, 2017
Rep. Kurt Schrader, D-Ore.
Thankfully every day for the courage of Capitol Police who keep us safe day in & day out. Thoughts with @SteveScalise, the officers & staff. — Rep. Kurt Schrader (@RepSchrader) June 14, 2017
Rep. Vern Buchanan, R-Fla.
My staff and I are safe. Praying for @stevescalise, congressional staff and @CapitolPolice officers involved. — Rep. Vern Buchanan (@VernBuchanan) June 14, 2017
Rep. Jim Himes, D-Conn.
Horrified by the attack on the Congressional family in VA this morning. Praying for those injured and grateful for those who keep us safe. — Jim Himes (@jahimes) June 14, 2017
Sen. Ed Markey, D-Mass.
To @SteveScalise, the other shooting victims and their families: I am praying for you. You have the strength of our nation w/ you right now. https://t.co/baCsmCJXbU — Ed Markey (@SenMarkey) June 14, 2017
I, and all of my Congressional colleagues, cannot thank the @CapitolPolice enough for their service to our safety each and every day. — Ed Markey (@SenMarkey) June 14, 2017
Sen. John Boozman, R-Ark.
I'm horrified at the senseless act of violence at congressional baseball practice. Praying for @SteveScalise Capitol Police & other victims — Senator John Boozman (@JohnBoozman) June 14, 2017
Sen. Jeff Merkley, D-Ore.
My thoughts and prayers are with my colleague @SteveScalise, the brave Capitol Police, and others who were injured in this tragic incident. — Senator Jeff Merkley (@SenJeffMerkley) June 14, 2017
Sen. Sherrod Brown, D-Ohio
Pls join me in thinking of @SteveScalise, @CapitolPolice, staff, their families, & everyone affected by the senseless violence this AM. -SB — Sherrod Brown (@SenSherrodBrown) June 14, 2017
.@CapitolPolice protect members, staff & visitors every day - as we learn more about this AM's events, esp grateful for their tireless work. — Sherrod Brown (@SenSherrodBrown) June 14, 2017
Former Rep. Dennis Kucinich, D-Ohio
Child Hit by Vehicle in Pike Road Neighborhood
by Rashad Snell
Montgomery County Sheriff's Office is investigating a child being struck by a car in Pike Road
The incident is said to have happened in the 70 block of Boardwalk in the Waters.
An 8-year-old girl is the victim in the incident and is said to have serious injuries. She was flown to Children's Hospital in Birmingham. She was riding a motorized bike when she was hit.
No other details have been released.
Israel's 500 slot machines and 150 keno machines fell silent at midnight on Saturday, in a victory for Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon and his crackdown on state-sponsored gambling.
The Mifal Hapayis national lottery had no choice but to turn off the automated games of chance, after negotiations with the treasury to renew its operating license failed to yield an agreement, even though the two sides extended their discussion into New Year's Eve.
Finance Ministry officials agreed to extend the organization's license for another 48 hours in order to wind up talks, but only on condition that the slot and keno machines were switched off immediately.
Mifal Hapayis slot machines Ofer Vaknin
Kahlon lauded the decision. “Eighteen months ago I said there would no longer be slot machines in Israel, and I am very happy that from today, there aren't any anymore,” he said in a statement. “I am hurt by the thousands of families that have lost their property, their money, their homes and even their families,” he added.
Treasury officials used their power as the government body responsible for licensing Mifal Hapayis' operations – which includes the national lottery and sports betting – to force it to drop the machines, which are the same as those found at any Las Vegas casino.
But the machines are big moneymakers for Mifal Hapayis, which is demanding compensation for the 800 million shekels ($208 million) it says it stands to lose without them. Profits from the lottery and slot machines are split between the treasury and local governments, who use it to build public facilities.
The Union of Local Authorities backed Mifal Hapayis' estimate over lost annual revenue. But Finance Ministry officials said the real figure was less than 250 million shekels, because it is offering the company the chance to conduct extra lotteries.
Mifal Hapayis says it wants to hold 14 more lotteries annually, on top of the two weekly draws it currently holds.
The two sides have also agreed on various cost-cutting measures. Although the final terms have yet to be reached, Mifal Hapayis has agreed to reduce its stake of 7.5% of earnings (about 750 million shekels each year) to 7%. Whatever the losses are, sources said it was likely they could be shared on a 75-25 ratio between the treasury and local governments.
Israelis buy lottery tickets at Mifal Hapayis kiosk in Tel Aviv's Allenby St. in 1952. David Aldan, GPO
On Wednesday, one month after the mass shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida, students from more than 3,000 schools across the country walked out of class to show support for stricter gun control. In the past month, teens have been outspoken about their frustration with politicians' inaction.
In many schools, 17 minutes of silence honored the 17 people killed in the Florida shooting. In Seattle, many high school students took the full day. Hundreds of them marched to the University of Washington campus to hear speeches from students and local officials.
Three of the Seattle event's key organizers—Gabe Rosenbloom, 18, and Scout Smissen, 17, of Roosevelt High School, and Zachary Heffron, 18, of Nathan Hale High School—along with other participants described what kind of changes in gun laws they hope to see.
Leah Scott, Roosevelt High School
“When I heard that there was another shooting, it just broke my heart to know that there were people just sitting at a desk trying to get an education like I am every day. It broke my heart to know that they were just brutally murdered … I believe everyone should have the right to be safe in their own school.
“I hope that we can have safer gun laws and have it so no one can get a gun. Basically, it can get in the wrong hands … a lot of people have gotten guns when they shouldn't have guns.”
Axel Cordoba and Carlos Key, Roosevelt High School
“There's a lot of momentum across the school and a lot of students started feeling really passionate. When everyone gets really energized about a certain issue, you want to take advantage of the opportunity and get out there and try to do something,” said Key.
“On a global scale—not just as a country but as humanity—we have to start moving more toward a pacifist world. One where we don't need to rely on who has the most guns in order to keep ourselves safe.”
Savannah Blackwell, Franklin High School
“For me, hearing about the shooting … and the fact that there's been so many, it's caused a huge reaction in my community, and peers of mine were really affected by that. And I think, when I heard about this, it was a call to action. It felt like it was necessary to have our voices be heard and have representation and show our support and care for this.”
Lucia Santos, The Center School
“There was a lot of organizing within communities and schools and friends. ... I saw a lot of Instagram stories talking about what's happening, and helping each other get organized. I came to … make the crowd bigger and make the voices heard.
“I'm really hoping that the normalization of gun violence, the misuse of guns, and guns being so available are gone. It's something I've become numb to, to a certain extent, and I don't think that's right. So I'm hoping this movement will help people realize that mass shootings aren't normal. Me having to go to school and worry about living through the day isn't normal. and it's not OK.”
Naima Aytch, The Center School
“I think that it's been really normalized. There's been so many [shootings] in just this year, and people have been kind of ignoring them so far. Then something really big like this happens. I think it's really important that we show that the youth in the community are not going to ignore it any more.”
Zachary Heffron, Nathan Hale High School
“I was looking at the Tinker v. Des Moines case, the student free speech Supreme Court Case in the '60s, and one of the justices had said students should handle this at the ballot box. And immediately I thought, that doesn't make sense, we can't vote. And I think coming into today, I had that same feeling. We can't vote, but we're going to do everything we can to instigate change. And then I had a second thought: We will be voting soon. So far, I think we haven't been answered to, as a generation, and that will come. .. All of these students will be voting in the next four years. We will be in the driver's seat.”
Scout Smissen, Roosevelt High School
“A while ago, a friend of mine was telling me about it [the walkout], and I was feeling really passionate, and I got a group together of a couple rag-tag political justice people. I then found out that Gabe and our other friend Zach were getting involved at other schools, and we just combined together and created the best of all worlds. And it was really amazing. Every single one of us is affected by gun violence. And whether or not you've been personally touched by it, everybody knows somebody who's been affected by it. And I think that's the main reason we're coming out today. Because knowing at least one person is too many.
“We're hoping to raise the gun law to [age] 21. We already got bump stocks banned. We're hoping to see just safer measures for guns. Guns are just so unbelievably accessible to so many people, and there's not really background checks required either. For this march, we weren't asking anybody to take away guns altogether. We were asking that we can live in a world in which we're not afraid of them.”
Gabe Rosenbloom, Roosevelt High School
“The idea came to me of marching from Roosevelt to Red Square, and I didn't think it could happen. It was kind of this crazy thing, and then I found Scout, and I reached out to Zach, and I said, ‘Maybe we can really put this together.' And so we started to talk to other schools, and other student leaders came to us saying they wanted to do this. So we were able to organize it. We wanted to really spread the message of ending gun violence. This is an issue, and it's going to continue being an issue, until it's addressed by young people. It seems that Congress and our elected officials have been unable to address the issue.
“We really want to see the banning of assault weapons. An assault weapon is meant for killing. It is not meant for hunting, and it should not be used by any regular citizen.”
MILWAUKEE — Giannis Antetokounmpo made a driving layup with 1.9 seconds remaining after Jabari Parker scored 12 points in his first game in nearly a year, lifting the Milwaukee Bucks over the Knicks, 92-90, on Friday night.
Antetokounmpo, who sprained his left ankle late in Thursday night's loss to Minnesota, showed no ill effects and led all scorers with 29 points.
Parker had not played since tearing his left anterior cruciate ligament on Feb. 8, 2017, in a game against Miami. He made 4 of 7 shots during nearly 15 minutes in an appearance as a reserve.
Enes Kanter had 17 points and 18 rebounds to lead the Knicks, who were coming off a 103-73 loss to Boston on Wednesday night. Kristaps Porzingis also had 17 points.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Entering the fourth quarter with the score tied at 74-74, the Bucks and Knicks continued a seesaw battle, with neither team able to pull away. A layup by Antetokounmpo tied the score at 90-90 with about two minutes remaining.
WASHINGTON (AP) — A federal judge has ruled against the Trump administration's decision to end a program protecting some young immigrants from deportation.
U.S. District Judge John D. Bates in Washington says the Department of Homeland Security's decision to rescind the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program "was unlawful and must be set aside."
Bates is giving DHS 90 days to "better explain its view" that DACA is unlawful. After that, he says, DHS "must accept and process new as well as renewal DACA applications."
DACA temporarily shielded from deportation so-called Dreamers — immigrants brought illegally to the U.S. as children. President Donald Trump announced last year that he would end the program.
Bates' ruling Tuesday night comes in a pair of cases whose lead plaintiffs are the NAACP and Princeton University.
First-hand wartime testimonies and poetic fragments from Syrians, collected by Wendy Pearlman. Donate to order this gift now!
"A beacon of hope in the darkest of times." -- Sarah Jaffe. Donate to order this gift now!
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
The jump in home values in the London region last year had a spinoff benefit, a decrease in bankruptcy filings.
Bankruptcy filings in the London region (which includes Elgin and Huron County) were down 16 per cent in 2017. Filings nationally and provincially each were down about nine per cent, according to the federal bankruptcy superintendent.
A study done by debt-relief firm Hoyes, Michalos and Associates Inc. showed Londoners had an average debt of $42,593 and a debt-to-income ratio of 146 per cent.
As long as the real estate stays strong, insolvencies will keep going down Doug Hoyes
Doug Hoyes, co-founder of the Kitchener-based firm, said people with equity in their home can stave off bankruptcy by refinancing or getting a second mortgage.
London-St. Thomas home sales set a record last year and the average sale price in February was $343,000, up 10.8 per cent over the same month last year.
“As long as the real estate stays strong, insolvencies will keep going down,” said Hoyes.
He noted Burlington-Oakville has an an average household debt of $85,991 and a debt-to-income ratio of 277 per cent. Yet the number of bankruptcies in the region was down 21 per cent, because of the high value of homes.
“If you owned a home for more than a few years, you likely have a lot of equity. The people who are filing for bankruptcy are those that don't own a home,” he said.
Hoyes said another factor driving down consumer bankruptcies is lenders' greater willingness to accept a consumer proposal to pay off a percentage of the debt and avoid outright bankruptcy. Hoyes said about 58 per cent of consumer insolvencies in the London area were avoided with proposals last year, rather than bankruptcies.
He said banks and other lenders more often are willing to settle for about 30 cents on the dollar for unsecured debt.
“They are more willing than they have been in the past because they don't want you to go bankrupt where they end up with even less,” he said.
Hoyes says rising home values also tend to boost household debt and stimulate the local economy because of the “wealth effect.”
“You feel richer when your house is up on value, so you go on vacation or put a deck on your house and you may be borrowing to do that.”
Hoyes said bankruptcy filings peaked back in 2009 and have been falling since, but he warned that could change as interest rates creep higher.
He said a major culprit in bankruptcies is payday loan lenders which charge very high interest. More consumers are turning to payday lenders as banks tighten their borrowing rules. He said about one-third of people filing for insolvency have payday loans.
“It takes a lot less debt to get into more trouble,” Hoyes said.
hdaniszewski@postmedia.com
twitter.com/HankatLFPress
2017 Debt Statistics
Ontario
Insolvency filings: 38,167
Average unsecured debt: $49,071
Debt-to-income ratio: 165 per cent
London Region
(includes Huron and Elgin counties)
Insolvency filings: 2,091
Average unsecured debt: $42,593
Debt-to-income ratio: 146 per cent
Woodstock
Insolvency filings: 306
Avg. unsecured debt: $44,643
Debt-to-income ratio: 150 per cent
Stratford
Insolvency filings: 145
Average unsecured debt: $38,534
Debt-to-income ratio: 127 per cent
Sarnia
Insolvency filings: 346
Average unsecured debt: $45,342
Debt-to-income ratio: 153 per cent
Chatham
Insolvency filings: 399
Average unsecured debt: $59,662
Debt-to-income ratio: 207 per cent
Brantford
Insolvency filings: 595
Average unsecured debt: $38,700
Debt-to-income ratio: 130 per cent
Source: Hoyes, Michalos and Associates.
If something about your car seems off, trained technicians at Firestone Auto Care will give your car a free courtesy check. They will examine fluid levels, wipers, the battery and more. Plus, the team believes in providing the best auto repair possible at unbeatable prices and a quick wait time.
You can even buy tires online and schedule your installation when it's most convenient for you. Come in today or book your appointment online or by phone, 615-784-3717.
WAILUKU, Hawaii (AP) — A murder trial began Monday for a woman accused of deliberately driving off a cliff in Hawaii and killing her identical twin sister.
The 2016 crash was a tragic accident, Alexandria Duval's defense attorney, Birney Bervar said in his opening statement. There's reasonable doubt of any criminal behavior, he said.
Authorities described the 2016 crash as a hair-pulling fight over the steering wheel. The sisters, who were 38 at the time, were seen arguing on the narrow, winding Hana Highway on the island of Maui before their SUV plunged 200 feet over a cliff.
Anastasia Duval was in the passenger seat and was killed, and her sister Alexandria Duval was arrested. A judge later ordered Alexandria Duval released after finding no probable cause for a murder charge. She traveled to upstate New York and was arrested again months later in Albany after a grand jury indicted her.
Duval opted to have a judge instead of a jury decide the case. The judge is expected to reach a verdict this week.
Maui resident Chad Smith testified that while the women were passing him on the highway he could see them arguing. Smith, who was headed to a church, said he couldn't hear anything but the women looked angry. He had to swerve out of their way, he said.
The sisters, born Alison and Ann Dadow in the Utica, New York, area, operated popular yoga studios in Florida before they changed their names. They moved to Hawaii in 2015 from Utah.
Duval isn't expected to testify, Bervar said.
Scientists Uncover Monster Black Hole from Early Universe
Astronomers have discovered a super-size black hole hearkening back to almost the dawn of creation. It's the farthest black hole ever found.
A team led by the Carnegie Observatories' Eduardo Banados reported in the journal Nature on Wednesday that the black hole lies in a quasar dating to 690 million years of the Big Bang. That means the light from this quasar has been traveling our way for more than 13 billion years.
Banados said the quasar provides a unique baby picture of the universe, when it was just 5 percent of its current age.
It would be like seeing photos of a 50-year-old man when he was 2 1/2 years old, according to Banados.
"This discovery opens up an exciting new window to understand the early universe," he said in an email from Pasadena, California.
Quasars are incredibly bright objects deep in the cosmos, powered by black holes devouring everything around them. That makes them perfect candidates for unraveling the mysteries of the earliest cosmic times.
The black hole in this newest, most distant quasar is 800 million times the mass of our sun.
Much bigger black holes are out there, but none so far away -- at least among those found so far. These larger black holes have had more time to grow in the hearts of galaxies since the Big Bang, compared with the young one just observed.
"The new quasar is itself one of the first galaxies, and yet it already harbors a behemoth black hole as massive as others in the present-day universe," co-author Xiaohui Fan of the University of Arizona's Steward Observatory said in a statement.
Around the time of this newest quasar, the universe was emerging from a so-called Dark Ages. Stars and galaxies were first appearing and their radiation ionizing the surrounding hydrogen gas to illuminate the cosmos.
Banados suspects there are more examples like this out there, between 20 and 100.
"The newfound quasar is so luminous and evolved that I would be surprised if this was the first quasar ever formed," Banados said. "The universe is enormous and searching for these very rare objects is like looking for the needle in the haystack."
Only one other quasar has been found in this ultra-distant category, despite extensive scanning. This newest quasar beats that previous record-holder by about 60 million years.
Still on the lookout, astronomers are uncertain how close they'll get to the actual beginning of time, 13.8 billion years ago.
Banados and his team used the Carnegie's Magellan telescopes in Chile, supported by observatories in Hawaii, the American Southwest and the French Alps.
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: Illustration by Robin Dienel, provided courtesy of the Carnegie Institution for Science.
The Orange County high school sports schedule for Tuesday, March 20.
BASEBALL
Games 3:15 p.m. unless noted
SOUTH COAST LEAGUE
Capistrano Valley at Aliso Niguel
SEA VIEW LEAGUE
Dana Hills at Tesoro, 3:30 p.m.
PACIFIC COAST LEAGUE
Irvine at Beckman, 3:30 p.m., Woodbridge at Northwood, 3:30 p.m., Corona del Mar at University, 3:30 p.m.
ORANGE COAST LEAGUE
Estancia at Costa Mesa, 3:30 p.m., Laguna Beach at Saddleback, 3:30 p.m., Godinez at Calvary Chapel, 3:30 p.m.
ORANGE LEAGUE
Santa Ana Valley at Magnolia, 3:30 p.m., Savanna at Century, 3:30 p.m., Katella at Anaheim, 7 p.m.
GOLDEN WEST LEAGUE
Santa Ana at Orange, Segerstrom at Westminster, Loara at Ocean View
GARDEN GROVE LEAGUE
Bolsa Grande at Rancho Alamitos, 3 p.m., Los Amigos at Garden Grove, 3 p.m., La Quinta at Santiago, 3 p.m.
FREEWAY LEAGUE
Sunny Hills at Fullerton, 3 p.m., Sonora at Buena Park, Troy at La Habra
EXPRESS LEAGUE
Samueli at Tarbut V' Torah, 3 p.m., Fairmont Prep at St. Michael's, 3:30 p.m.
NONLEAGUE
Servite vs. Santiago/Corona at Cal Baptist University, 3 p.m., San Clemente at Cypress, Canyon at Foothill, Mater Dei vs. Tustin at Angel Stadium, 6:30 p.m.
SOFTBALL
Games 3:15 p.m. unless noted
KATELLA TOURNAMENT
Katella at Calvary Chapel
SAVANNA SHOWCASE
Rosary at California, Segerstrom at San Juan Hills
CYPRESS TOURNAMENT
Saint Joseph/Lakewood at Canyon
NONLEAGUE
Sonora at Whittier Christian (DH), 2:30 p.m., Kennedy at Warren (DH), 3 p.m., Edison at Roosevelt, Tesoro at Aliso Niguel, Dana Hills at Woodbridge, Irvine at Sunny Hills, University at Fountain Valley, Santa Ana at Santa Ana Valley, Santiago at Loara, Western at Orange, Westminster at Bolsa Grande, Gahr at La Habra, Corona del Mar at Newport Harbor, 3:30 p.m., Bishop Amat at El Modena, 3:30 p.m., Trabuco Hills at Capistrano Valley, 3:30 p.m., Laguna Hills at El Toro, 3:30 p.m., JSerra at Laguna Beach, 3:45 p.m.
12:22 Reported News Briefs Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 Av 22, 5777 , 14/08/17 Jerusalem Arabs charged over terror plot Read more Suspects planned to lay ambush for Jews traveling near Shechem. ► ◄ Last Briefs
CLOSE Experts say these tips can help you land your next job. Sean Lahman
Buy Photo The Ithaca Marriott Downtown on the Commons opened Monday. (Photo: Matt Steecker / Staff photo)Buy Photo
Six projects were recognized during the 20th annual City of Ithaca Pride of Ownership awards.
These projects recognize owners of properties within the City of Ithaca who have developed projects or taken care of their properties in ways that enhance the physical appearance of city neighborhoods and commercial areas. The program is a joint project of the Ithaca Rotary Club and the City of Ithaca.
This year's winners are Ithaca Marriott Downtown on the Commons, Upson Hall at Cornell University, Elmira Savings Bank's 602 West Martin Luther King Jr. / State Street branch, Friends of the Ithaca Cemetery, the Breazzano Family Center for Business Education and 108 Parker St.
The awards were presented at two separate venues on Wednesday – a luncheon presentation at the weekly meeting of the Ithaca Rotary Club, and during a City of Ithaca Common Council in the evening.
Jeffrey Rimland and Partners, and Urgo Hotels and Resorts were recognized for the work on the Marriott hotel.
Cornell Alumni Robert Goodwin, of Perkins+Will's New York studio, and David J. Lewis, principal at Lewis. Tsurumaki. Lewis Architects designed the renovation for Upson Hall.
The Friends of Ithaca City Cemetery started its efforts to maintain the cemetery on Memorial Day 2011. The group was created by Julee Johnson and Ellen Leventry.
The developers and owners of the Breazzano Center at 209 to 215 Dryden Road are John Novarr and Philip Proujansky, and the architect is ikon.5 architects.
Sara Finegan and Huck Milton are the owners of 108 Park St. The project team was composed of Jason Demarest, Coy Glen Painters, Jake Halligan & Ben Gould, and Alpern & Milton, LLC.
The 2017 committee consisted of former alderperson Susan Blumenthal, the awards founder; Scott Whitham, Whitham Planning and Design LLC and current chair; realtor and local historian Margaret Hobbie, Architect John Barradas, Frost Travis of Travis Hyde Properties, and Brett Bossard, director of Cinemapolis.
Follow @MSteecker on Twitter.
Read or Share this story: http://ithacajr.nl/2Ba5D9n
She was preceded in death by her two brothers, Charles Smith, Jesse A. Smith; and two sisters, Lena Mae Harris and Betty Wade-McCadden.
Survivors include her son, Oscar F. Smith III; nephews, Benjamin Harris, Wade Hurd; nieces, Martha Alexander, Bertha Page; and many other family and friends.
Neuble Monument Funeral Home at 1330 Bluebird Road is in charge of arrangements, 615-444-3117.
With The Lebanon Democrat's new obituary email newsletter, you can stay up to date and have the latest obituary notices sent directly to your inbox as they are published. Click here to sign up today.
Close Get email notifications on Marissa Barnett daily!
Your notification has been saved.
There was a problem saving your notification.
Whenever Marissa Barnett posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link.
Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items.
Syria's state news agency says al-Qaida militants have knocked out electricity towers near the capital, causing power cuts in a southern province.
SANA said Monday that fighters from the Fatah al-Sham Front bombed three towers southwest of Damascus, causing electricity cuts in the Quneitra region.
The report came as a cease-fire brokered by Russia and Turkey held for the fourth day amid sporadic violations. Fighting has raged in the water-rich Barada Valley northwest of Damascus over the past two weeks.
The Fatah al-Sham Front and the Islamic State group are not included in the truce.
President Trump delivered a statement from the White House after a lone gunman opened fire on Republican members of the congressional baseball team at a practice field in a Washington suburb Wednesday.
Leighton Buzzard Canoe Club swapped their paddles for trophies on Saturday at their annual awards night.
The Veteran Achievement Award went to Paul Stenning who this year not only completed the 125-mile Devizes to Westminster Canoe race in a doubles boat but also set the new canoe singles record over the 96-mile Cheshire Ring Race and 20-mile Worchester Ring race.
Nigel Dixon
The Senior Male Achievement award was won by Sam Plummer for earning his place and competing at the Marathon World Cup while the Senior Female Achievement award went to Lydia Oxtoby who was recognised for earning her place and competing at the wild water world championships in Pau, France this year.
The Junior Male Achievement award went to Charlie Smith for representing Great Britain at the European and World Sprint Championships and the European and World Marathon Championships where he came second in both marathon events.
He has also been nominated on the BBC Sports Aid ‘one to watch' and selected for the Olympic Pathways Program.
The Junior Female Achievement award went to Hannah Hook for the number of hasler points she has won this year in our regional races. The Cygnet award for a junior member who has joined in the last year and made the most progress went to Megan Pickering.
The Old Swan award is for a new adult member who has joined in the last year and made the most progress and this went to Will Tarbox.
The winner of the club time trial award for the person who made the most improvement in their times over the previous winters ‘hare and hound' events went to Chris Jones.
The under 12 Boy Achievement award went to Leon Dixon for the progress that he has made this year while the under 12 Girl Achievement awards went to Ellie-Mae Bennet who despite initial claims that she didn't want to get in a boat has been making significant progress in her paddling.
The Lightening Points trophy is for the under 12 paddlers that has scored the most lightening points at the regional hasler races and this was won by Kayleigh Dixon.
The Barry Tingay paddle is given by the coaches to the person who continually works hard but does not always get recognised for their efforts or maybe not get the results that they deserve for their efforts.
For the second year running this went to David Shipway. The Doug Saxby award for the person who got the most points at our regional hasler races across both singles and doubles boats was Bethany Goodlad.
The not-so-coveted toilet seat award for the most stylish capsize is nominated for by the paddlers with a final vote taking place at the awards night.
This year it was jointly won by Jonathon Harvey for always going out and trying different boats with a smile even if it results in a swim and to Charlie Smith for capsizing before his race at the World Championships.
The chairperson thank you award was won by Laura Hussey who not only organised the awards night and been social and marketing secretary this last year but is also a dedicated coach always on hand to help.
The committee thank you award went to Nigel Dixon who has been our race organisers for the last few years and has co-ordinated successful, well run events recognised by other clubs.
The final trophy was again nominated for by the club members and the Brown Memorial Trophy is for the person who has demonstrated and worked with the ‘spirit of the club'.
The members had nominated four candidates from which to vote for on the night and this went to Bethany Morris who has helped significantly with the new members an running of novice courses over the summer, her positive attitude and willingness to help often sacrificing her own paddling has helped so many new members.
(AP Photo/Mark Humphrey). A woman, center, who would only be identified as the godmother of shooting victim DeEbony Groves, cries as she listens at a news conference regarding the capture of Travis Reinking Monday, April 23, 2018, in Nashville, Tenn. R...
(AP Photo/Mark Humphrey). Lt. Carlos Lara, of the Metro Nashville Police Department Specialized Investigations Division, front left, speaks at a news conference Monday, April 23, 2018, in Nashville, Tenn., regarding the capture of Travis Reinking. Rein...
(AP Photo/Mark Humphrey). Metropolitan Nashville Police Chief Steve Anderson speaks at a news conference Monday, April 23, 2018, in Nashville, Tenn., regarding the capture of Travis Reinking. Reinking, who police say shot and killed at least four peopl...
(AP Photo/Mark Humphrey). Don Aaron, public affairs manager for the Metro Nashville Police Department, speaks at a news conference Monday, April 23, 2018, in Nashville, Tenn., regarding the search for a gunman who opened fire Sunday at a Waffle House r...
(Metro Nashville Police Department via AP). In this photo released by the Metro Nashville Police Department, Travis Reinking sits in a police car after being arrested in Nashville, Tenn., on Monday, April 23, 2018. Police said Reinking opened fire at a...
By SHEILA BURKE and JONATHAN MATTISE
Associated Press
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) - The suspect in Sunday's killings at a Tennessee Waffle House once lived in Colorado, where police say a co-worker described him as being paranoid and delusional at times. The co-worker also told a detective the man was infatuated with Taylor Swift and claimed to be a sovereign citizen.
Travis Reinking lived in Salida, Colorado, for several months in 2016 and 2017 and worked at a company called Rocky Mountain Crane, Detective Sgt. Rob Martellaro of the Salida Police Department said in a report Monday.
One of Reinking's former co-workers told Martellaro that Reinking had identified himself as an anti-government "sovereign citizen" who also disliked the National Rifle Association. The FBI says sovereign citizens believe they are separate from the U.S. and don't have to answer to any government authority, including courts and law enforcement.
Martellaro said the former co-worker left him with the impression that Reinking's interest in the sovereign citizen movement was part of his "delusional makeup."
Meanwhile, the man who snatched an AR-15 rifle away from the gunman at the restaurant told Tennessee lawmakers Tuesday he faced "the true test of a man," drawing a standing ovation during his brief address.
As the House hailed him as a hero with a resolution, James Shaw Jr. said he acted early Sunday at a Nashville Waffle House to save his own life, and saved others in the process.
"I never thought I'd be in a room with all the eyes on me, but you know, I'm very grateful to be here," Shaw told House members.
The 29-year-old said he has since gone to see some of the shooting victims in the hospital and they all remembered him. He apologized to the people whose loved ones died in the attack.
The Senate also honored Shaw on Tuesday.
Davidson County Sheriff Daron Hall said Tuesday that Reinking has been "compliant" and "cooperative" since he was transferred to the jail late Monday after he was captured near the apartment where he lived. Reinking is wearing a vest known informally as a "suicide smock" and will remain under close observation at a maximum-security facility in Nashville.
Also on Tuesday, a Nashville judge revoked the bond of the shooting suspect.
Court records show that a judge struck Reinking's $2 million bond until a hearing can be held Wednesday. The records did not give a reason why General Sessions Judge Michael Mondelli revoked the bond.
An attorney listed as Reinking's lawyer did not immediately respond to an email seeking comment.
Reinking, 29, is charged with four counts of criminal homicide. Police say he opened fire outside the restaurant with an AR-15 rifle and then stormed the restaurant, wearing only a green jacket. Four other people were wounded in the shooting.
Reinking escaped on foot from the restaurant and shed his only item of clothing. By the time he was captured in the woods nearby, police had searched his apartment, and found the key fob to a stolen BMW they had recovered in the parking lot days earlier. The BMW theft had not initially been tied to Reinking.
Nashville Police Department Lt. Carlos Lara told reporters Reinking was arrested Monday after detectives were tipped to the suspect's presence by some construction workers. He carried a black backpack with a silver semi-automatic weapon and .45-caliber ammunition.
The arrest ended a 24-hour manhunt involving more than 160 law enforcement officers, but it left troubling unanswered questions about official responses to months of bizarre behavior before the restaurant attack, including encounters with police in Illinois and Colorado and an arrest at the White House that raised red flags.
Last July, Reinking was arrested by the U.S. Secret Service after he entered a restricted area near the White House and refused to leave, saying he wanted to meet President Donald Trump.
The suspect told Washington, D.C., police he was a sovereign citizen and had a right to inspect the grounds, according to an incident report.
Reinking was not armed at the time, but at the FBI's request, Illinois police revoked his state firearms card. Four guns, including the AR-15 used in the shootings, were transferred to his father, a procedure allowed under Illinois law.
Tazewell County Sheriff Robert Huston said Jeffrey Reinking pledged he would "keep the weapons secure and out of the possession of Travis." Don Aaron, a Nashville Police spokesman, said Reinking's father "has now acknowledged giving them back" to his son.
Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives special Agent Marcus Watson said Monday that his father's action is "potentially a violation of federal law."
Phone calls to a number listed for the father went unanswered.
___
Associated Press writers John Raby in Charleston, West Virginia; Ed White in Detroit; Michael Kunzelman in Baton Rouge, Louisiana; Kathleen Foody in Denver, Colorado; and Justin Pritchard in Los Angeles contributed to this report.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Carew scoffs at complacency rumours 14 June 2017
Sligo manager Niall Carew.
©INPHO/James Crombie. Sligo manager Niall Carew.©INPHO/James Crombie.
Sligo manager Niall Carew has laughed off suggestions that his charges could be complacent ahead of Saturday's All-Ireland SFC qualifier against Antrim at Markievicz Park.
The sides meet in the opening round of the qualifiers this weekend which is their second clash of the year as Antrim won the league encounter between the sides in March.
That game was played in Corrigan Park, Belfast, but Sligo have home advantage on this occasion and many have suggested that will swing the tie in their favour.
However, Carew is leaving nothing to chance and he is mystified as to why there would even be a suggestion that Sligo will be complacent.
“The way we look on it, they are on the same level as us. We played them in the Division 3 league earlier this year and they beat us,” said Carew.
“So we know what we need to do and we certainly won't be complacent about this game. We know that if we don't get the performance right on Saturday, then we won't get the result.
“This is championship football and all the results are showing all over the country that every team is very competitive.
“Gone are the days of big thumpings, teams are longer in games and of course there's a bit of luck that comes into it too to get over the line.”
Grab those hockey sticks, lace up them skates and brush up on some hockey skills: the puck drops for the 7th annual Julia's Hope Cup and Carnival at Chippawa Park in Welland on Feb. 17.
Organizer Paul Turner said the pond-hockey tournament was created in memory of his daughter Julia Turner, who died in 2011 of cancer. It also raised money for The Hope Centre, a place Julia was passionate about as it combats homelessness.
Since the inaugural event, Turner said the tournament has grown to include more activities. Today, he said, it looks more like a winter carnival as it includes food, kids' games, a silent auction, and plenty of fun activities.
The mini-tournament for kids six to 12 years old is back this year too. He said they wanted to give young kids the opportunity to get involved, too. Similar to the larger tournament, the winners of the kids' tournament will receive a trophy – a miniaturized Stanley Cup lookalike.
“We really want to let the community know that it's a fun time for everyone,” Turner said.
For the first time, it's being held on Family Day weekend. Although some people go away for the weekend, Turner said there are also people who stay in the area and are seeking something to do.
He said this is a great way to beat the “dark days of February.”
Last year's weather was mild, turning the event into a ball hockey tournament instead, but he said he's feeling good about this year's forecast, hoping the colder weather will hold out. Still, 2017's event raised $20,000 for The Hope Centre and saw about 1,000 people come out.
Pledge sheets and sign up forms are available now at The Hope Centre, M.T. Bellies, Enviro-Niagara Heating and Air Conditioning, FE Coyne Insurance and Notre Dame College School.
The main tournament begins on Feb. 17 at 11:30 a.m. The cost to play is $100 per person or $50 for students. Before that, the mini-tournament starts at 10 a.m. Registration costs for that is $25. Pledge sheets are available for both and players should start arriving an hour before the games. Players are assigned to teams at random.
Turner said anyone interested in volunteering can get in touch with him at paulturnernd@hotmail.com.
More information about the event is available at juliashopecup.ca.
lbarton@postmedia.com
twitter.com/LBartonTribune
BENI, Congo (AP) — The United Nations Deputy Special Representative for Congo says military offenses will be launched against rebels who killed at least 15 Tanzanian U.N. peacekeepers last week in eastern Congo.
In a memorial ceremony Monday David Gressly said those who staged the assault, which wounded 50 others, will pay for their actions. The Dec. 7 attack about 45 kilometers (28 miles) from Beni was the deadliest single attack on a U.N. peacekeeping mission in nearly 25 years.
At least five Congolese soldiers also were killed in the attack. The peacekeeping base has been repeatedly attacked by rebels from the Allied Democratic Forces group.
Tanzania's ambassador in Congo Paul Ignace Mella called on the U.N. to protect its peacekeeping soldiers. The U.N. peacekeeping mission in Congo is the largest in the world.
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
I like the Full House theme song, and I love Carly Rae Jepsen, but I hate Carly Rae Jepsen's theme song for Fuller House. How is this possible? Is it the instantly dated production? Is it the Auto-Tuned vocals? Is it the “la la la la la la la la la la la la la” intro? (It's the “la la la la la la la la la la la la la” intro.) But although I find “Everywhere You Look” to be a catchy song, I have no particular nostalgic infatuation for it; it's just something I heard a lot as kid.
Unlike the DuckTales theme song, which is great and I would be furious if anyone (somehow) messed it up. Thankfully, instead of pointless new lyrics, Disney XD's DuckTales reboot just updated the original. And it's still great.
The animated series, which follows Scrooge McDuck and his grandnephews Huey, Dewey, and Louie (as well as Donald Duck, Launchpad McQuack, and Mrs. Beakley) as they go on new adventures, doesn't premiere until August 12. But Disney XD already released the opening credits, which makes up for its lack of David Tennant with copious amounts of woo-oo's.
It will kick off with an hourlong television movie to be presented for 24 consecutive hours beginning at midnight Saturday, August 12 on Disney XD. The series then will debut with two new episodes on Saturday, September 23… The September series premiere coincides with the 30th anniversary of the original Emmy-winning series. (Via)
Just because DuckTales looks promising doesn't mean Disney should get greedy and remake Adventures of the Gummi Bears, though. That theme (which will be stuck in my head for a week) is perfect as is, thank you very much.
(Via Deadline)
CAIRO (AP) — A civil war within a civil war has broken out in Yemen.
Rifts exploded within the U.S.-backed alliance joining Yemen's president and the Saudi-led coalition fighting Shiite rebels, as forces loyal to each side turned on each other in fierce fighting this week. As a result, the southern city of Aden has become a war zone. The airport has been shut down, schools and shops closed, and families fled districts with the most intense battles.
The new split brings more uncertainty and violence in a nearly 3-year-old conflict that has created the world's worst humanitarian crisis. Here a look at what's happening:
WHO IS FIGHTING WHOM?
Forces loyal to the Yemeni President Abed Rabbo Mansour Hadi have largely been defeated in Aden by a separatist group calling itself the Transitional Southern Council and its forces known as the Security Belt, which was formed, financed and armed by the United Arab Emirates, a key member of the Saudi-led coalition that ostensibly backs Hadi.
The council is led by Aidarous al-Zubaidi, once the governor of Aden who was forced out of his post by Hadi last year. Al-Zubaidi joined forces with southern separatist factions fighting for the coalition. The council advocates secession and a return to the pre-1990 situation when there were two Yemeni states.
Last week, the council gave an ultimatum to Hadi to fire his government over allegations of corruption and incompetence. As the deadline was expiring, the separatists and Hadi's forces pounded each other using tanks, artillery and machine guns. In less than three days, the council forces seized control of most of Aden, including the district where the president's Mashiq Palace is located. Members of Hadi's government are preparing to flee.
WHY DID THEY TURN AGAINST EACH OTHER?
Hadi has been at odds with the UAE for most of the past two years. The Emirates has taken advantage of the war to seal domination over southern Yemen, taking over oil and gas facilities and ports, setting up militias and creating a network of secret prisons. Hadi and his aides have complained publicly and privately that the UAE is acting like an occupier. The UAE considers Hadi and his circle as corrupt and incompetent and is angered by Hadi's alliance with the Emirates' nemesis, the Muslim Brotherhood's branch in Yemen, known as the Islah Party.
The AP has reported earlier that Hadi, his sons, and a number of his aides and commanders, now in Riyadh, were banned from returning to Yemen as Saudis put them under virtual house arrest to appease the UAE.
WHAT ABOUT THE BROADER CIVIL WAR?
The fight between the Hadi-coalition alliance and the Shiite rebels known as Houthis has been largely stalemated, with some see-sawing of control on the edges of territory but no major breakthroughs. The Houthis control the north, the capital Sanaa and most of the western Red Sea coast. The coalition and Hadi's forces hold Aden, most of the south and the east (which in the past was part of the separate nation of South Yemen.)
Last month, the alliance on the rebel side fell apart as well when fighting erupted between the Houthis and their partner throughout the war, former president Ali Abdullah Saleh. Saleh was fed up with Houthi monopolizing of the north and reached out to ally with Hadi and the coalition. But the Houthis attacked his forces in the capital, defeated them, killed Saleh and arrested hundreds of his loyalists and relatives, leaving the rebels as the sole power.
WHAT HAPPENS NEXT?
If the power struggle within the coalition drags on with fighting in Aden or spreads to other cities, the vacuum could allow extremists like al-Qaida and the Islamic State group to surge and allow the Houthis to advance. One likely scenario is that Hadi will succumb to UAE pressure, toss out his current government, dump his Islamist allies and create a new administration filled with UAE-approved figures. That would solidify the Emirates' power but keep Hadi in place.
What Saudi Arabic does next could be decisive, and so far its stance is unclear. The kingdom says restoring Hadi is its main objective in Yemen but then, the Saudi coalition spokesman avoided condemning the separatists and called on Hadi to "fix flaws" in his government, implying Saudi consent.
Yemen's civil war, meanwhile, shows no sign of ending. It has left more than 10,000 people dead, displaced 2 million people and pushed the impoverished nation of some 28 million people to the verge of famine. A proposal for a long-term solution came from a well-known former Saudi general Anwar Eshki, known to be close to Saudi Arabia's crown prince. On Twitter, Eshki recently called for the formation of self-rule entities in the north and south under federation headed by Hadi.
This Christmas has been the season of giving, not getting, for an 8-year-old boy in New Jersey whose home has become a bit like Santa's workshop.
On Dec. 3, Jayden Perez, a third-grader in Woodland Park, New Jersey, held a toy drive at his home to collect toys for children in hurricane-ravaged Puerto Rico.
His mother, Ana Rosado, told ABC News today that in September, her boss had given Jayden, a New York Giants fan and football lover, one pretty epic gift: tickets to a Giants game. Rosado said it was a gift just because, not for Jayden's birthday or any special reason.
On video, she captured Jayden breaking down in tears of joy after being given the tickets.
Rosado said that also around that time, Hurricane Maria hit Puerto Rico. She and Jayden volunteered to help. The two collected donations and helped pack and ship them out. She said the two helped put together more than 40 boxes.
Ana Rosado
After Thanksgiving, Rosado said Jayden came to her with his own, new idea: He'd been blessed with Giants tickets so he wanted to pay it forward to the children of Puerto Rico.
"He said, 'Mom, I'm concerned kids aren't going to get toys,'" she said. "That really touched me."
Jayden told her that he wanted to donate his Christmas gifts to the children but Rosado took it a step further: have a toy drive.
4-Year-Old fighting brain cancer holds toy drive for friends still in hospital
Teen cancer survivor delivers art kits to young patients in the hospital
Rosado posted the event on social media and word spread with help from local media outlets.
She said that so far, the drive had netted more than 1,000 toys but that there were more toys coming this week. Rosado said a man had even reached out to her from Pennsylvania, saying he had a trailer of toys that had been donated from his community.
Ana Rosado
"I'm so overwhelmed," Rosado said. "I'm so proud of my son. ... I didn't expect so many toys."
She said that a shipping company was also helping them to get the toys to Puerto Rico. Initially, Rosado said, two of her friends had planned to fly to the island to help distribute the toys. But, she said today, she and Jayden would now be going Jan. 4 to celebrate Three Kings' Day.
It will be his first trip to the island, she said.
Rosado said they planned to bring some toys to an orphanage that had reached out to her for help and then they'd travel Jan. 5 and Jan. 6 to several small cities that had been hit hard by Maria.
So far, Jayden has more than 30 boxes of toys packed up and ready to be shipped.
"He has such a great heart," Rosado said. "I know that my son is doing good out there."
Kano shuts down four pharmaceuticals for selling narcotics
The Kano State Pharmaceutical Inspection Committee on Tuesday shut down four pharmaceutical outlets in Gwale Local Government Area of Kano for selling narcotics and uncontrolled drugs.
A statement signed by the Chairman of the committee, Mr Abdu Madaki said that the outlets were also shut for operating without license and due registration with the Pharmacists Council of Nigeria.
Read Also: Kano Hisbah Board records 50 cases in three weeks
The committee urged residents of the state to be mindful of where they purchase their drugs and to report any pharmaceutical store suspected of selling uncontrolled drugs and narcotics.
The newsmen report that the committee under the Ministry of health to sanitise the drugs market and prevent sales and consumption of fake and counterfeit drugs in the state.
NAN
The post Kano shuts down four pharmaceuticals for selling narcotics appeared first on The Nation Nigeria.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
U.S. President Donald Trump delivers remarks on "combatting the opioid crisis" in a speech at Manchester Community College in Manchester, New Hampshire, U.S., March 19, 2018. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
By Roberta Rampton
MANCHESTER, N.H. (Reuters) - President Donald Trump, targeting the U.S. opioid epidemic, called again on Monday for the execution of drug dealers, a proposal that so far has gained little support in Congress, amid criticism from some drug abuse and criminal justice experts.
At an event in Manchester, New Hampshire, Trump unveiled an anti-opioid abuse plan, including his death penalty recommendation, new funding for other initiatives and stiffer sentencing laws for drug dealers.
He said the United States must "get tough" on fighting opioid abuse. "And that toughness includes the death penalty," he said.
He added that he was working with Congress to funnel $6 billion in new funding in 2018 and 2019 to help fight the opioid crisis.
Addiction to opioids - mainly prescription painkillers, heroin and fentanyl - is a growing U.S. problem, especially in rural areas. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, 42,000 people died from opioid overdoses in 2016.
For Trump, the visit to New Hampshire returns him to a state that gave him a key Republican primary election win when he was a political newcomer in 2016. Back then, he promised to tackle the opioid crisis, which is severe in the New England state.
In October, he declared the crisis a public health emergency, but without providing more money. Some critics, including Democratic lawmakers, said then that the declaration was meaningless without additional funds.
The new plan will seek to cut opioid prescriptions by a third over the next three years by changing federal healthcare programs, White House officials said.
Trump also said the plan would crack down on international and domestic illicit drug supply chains. Part of that would include requiring electronic data for 90 percent of international mail shipments with goods, he said.
He said the United States would "engage with China and expand cooperation with Mexico to reduce supplies of heroin, other illicit opioids, and precursor chemicals."
The Justice Department will target negligent physicians and pharmacies, he said, adding that he was considering litigation against drug companies implicated in the opioid crisis.
The White House did not offer examples of when it would be appropriate to seek the death penalty for drug dealers and referred further questions to the Justice Department.
The Justice Department said it would release a statement later on Monday.
Dr Harold Pollack, an urban public health professor at the University of Chicago, said, "I don't think the death penalty for drug dealers will accomplish very much."
He said there was little evidence that tougher sentencing reduced the availability of street drugs.
Pollack urged Trump to work with Republican state governors to expand the Medicaid federal health program so that drug addicts could get more access to healthcare and counseling.
David Safavian, deputy director for the American Conservative Union Foundation's Center for Criminal Justice Reform, said Trump's plan had some good parts, including focusing on addiction as a way to lower crime rates.
"Like any plan, there are some areas where the details matter," he said. "For example, identifying those reporting to prison with addiction issues is an important first step."
It was also important to ensure the Bureau of Prisons had sufficient resources to treat addicted inmates so they could avoid a cycle of abuse and incarceration, he said.
Kevin Ring, president of Families against Mandatory Minimums, which campaigns against sentencing they see as overly harsh, said Trump's plan calling for stiffer sentences or seeking the death penalty against drug dealers, was merely "doubling down on a failed strategy."
(Additional reporting by Steve Holland, Ayesha Rascoe and Sarah N. Lynch; Editing by Kevin Drawbaugh and Rosalba O'Brien)
Send to Email Address
Your Name
Your Email Address
Post was not sent - check your email addresses!
Email check failed, please try again
Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
In March, Walmart announced that it would begin delivering groceries to 100 new cities this year, up from the six it serviced at the time. Since then, it's announced partnerships with Postmates, and now, DoorDash, to make that promise a reality.
What does DoorDash have to gain? Data, according to our sister publication. The service's drivers are typically busy later at night, this would give them something to do during non-peak hours. The extra data would then help DoorDash become more efficient and open the door to delivering more than just food.
YORKSHIRE's textile industry is staging a revival with help from a project that was set up by the former Cabinet minister Sir Vince Cable.
The Textiles Growth Programme, a private and public sector partnership which was established by Sir Vince when he was Business Secretary, is helping to create jobs through a grant-funded scheme.
It supports capital projects, skills training and research and development in the textile industry.
Altogether, 113 textiles manufacturing businesses across West Yorkshire have invested £44.5m in the Textiles Growth Programme over the last four years, which has unlocked more than £10m in grants through the Government's Regional Growth Fund.
This has helped to create 1,124 jobs and 166 apprenticeships in the industry, a growth programme spokesman said.
Bill Macbeth, the managing director of the Huddersfield-based Textile Centre of Excellence, which has more than 100 textiles manufacturing businesses in its membership, said: “The Textiles Growth Programme has illustrated the willingness and capacity of companies to invest in the sector.
“It's also been instrumental in increasing the Government's awareness of the strength of the sector and its potential for growth.”
Mr Macbeth said the sector must move forward to develop its plans for skills development, export and innovation.
“This is particularly important as we prepare for Brexit negotiations,'' he added.
Sir Vince Cable said: “The textile industry was widely thought to be extinct in the UK, but some outstanding entrepreneurs, using new technology plus modest Government helps under coalition industrial strategy, have turned things around. Reshoring is real and growing.”
Lorna Fitzsimons, the founder and director of the Textiles Growth Programme, said the programme had been launched five years ago, to recognise the opportunity for increasing UK fashion and textiles manufacturing.
She added: “This started us on a journey which led to the most extensive study on supply and demand for UK fashion and textiles manufacturing in decades.
“There is still more to do but this is a success story no one saw coming.”
Textiles production in the UK was worth £9.1bn in 2016, according to research from the Textiles Growth Programme.
The programme focused on LEP (local enterprise partnership) areas, which had previously had a history of textile manufacturing, including West Yorkshire, Greater Manchester, Lancashire, Leicestershire, Nottinghamshire and D erbyshire.
Exports of UK fashion and textiles have increased by 28 per cent since 2012, with 26 per cent of these exports heading to customers outside the European Union, the growth programme's research found.
University Of Nigeria Nsukka Undergraduate List Of Courses/Requirements 2018/2019.
University Of Nigeria Nsukka Undergraduate List Of Courses/ Requirements 2018/2019. The University of Nigeria Nsukka Undergraduate List Of Courses/ Requirements is out for the 2018/2019 academic session. The University of Nigeria Nsukka wishes to inform all admission seekers who are biased on the list of courses to choose in the institution that the management has released …
The post University Of Nigeria Nsukka Undergraduate List Of Courses/Requirements 2018/2019. appeared first on Students Nigeria.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Students Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
× Expand Photo courtesy of Santek Waste Services Santek Waste Services truck A Santek Waste Services truck
The Hoover City Council tonight gave Santek a three-year extension on its contract to pick up garbage, recycling materials, leaves and other yard waste for residents in the city.
The contract originally came up for renewal in January but was postponed because some residents were expressing problems with the service they were receiving.
The most common complaint is that the workers doing garbage and recycling pickup sometimes leave empty carts in the middle of the driveway, in the street or somewhere else where they are not supposed to be, said Councilman John Greene, who is chairman of the council's Public Works Committee.
Other people have complained about their streets or houses being missed. Greene said Santek is not perfect, but overall the company does a good job.
The company had 251 complaints in December, but that's less than 1 percent of their total pickups in Hoover, said Sam Dillender, the head of Santek's operations in Alabama.
The best thing about Santek is that they are responsive, Greene said. “The complaints they receive, they get right on it and make every effort to correct the problem,” Greene said. “They just go really above and beyond as far as trying to keep service at the 100 percent level, and they're still striving to do that.”
Dillender told the council during its work session Thursday night that some of the problems they had toward the end of last year were due to changes in schedules related to holidays and inclement weather.
He also said in January that some of the complaints stem from people not understanding what kinds of items can go in the recycling bins. Sometimes workers don't empty people's recycling bins because the bins are contaminated with unacceptable items, he said. Often times, those loads end up being picked up and combined with trash on another day because of the contamination issue, he said.
The company that collects recycled goods from Santek charges Santek much more to sort through a load that is contaminated with garbage or other items that are not on the recycle list, such as glass, Dillender said. The charge is $15 per ton for a clean load, $50 per ton for load that is deemed half-contaminated and $100 per ton for a load deemed fully contaminated, he said.
Since January, the company has made extra efforts to help educate residents about what kinds of items are acceptable for recycling and what kinds are not, he said. Santek also has changed some drivers and has a new supervisor helping out in Hoover, he said.
Hoover City Administrator Allan Rice said the company even put cameras on their trucks to monitor employee actions and help with professional development.
Rice noted there were serious problems with leaf pickup in late 2016 and early 2017. Santek completely revamped their leaf pickup schedule, and this past fall and winter season leaf pickup was much better, he said.
Santek officials said they also have started having workers in the field report problems so supervisors can visit homes to discuss the issues with the residents and explain why pickup was not possible. Sometimes the carts are overloaded with very heavy items that if picked up by the truck may tear up the cart, officials said.
The city's contract with Santek for all its services amounts to about $7.3 million per year, Rice said.
In the Birmingham-Hoover metro area, Santek also provides service to Helena, Gardendale, Trussville and part of Blount County, company officials said.
In other business tonight, the City Council:
Annexed a half-acre piece of property in the Inverness Center North office complex that formerly was used as a helipad for Southern Co. Another entity wants to use the land for a structure, and the city wants the land, already surrounded by Hoover, brought into the city limits, City Planner Mac Martin said.
Gave approval for the Rite Aid at 1615 Montgomery Highway to sell beer and table wine for consumption off the premises.
Gave approval for Ginza Sushi and Korean BBQ to sell liquor for consumption on the premises at 5291 Valleydale Road.
Had the first reading of an ordinance to begin annexing about 7 acres at 7160 Cahaba Valley Road, also known as Alabama 119. The property is located across from Tattersall Park. It is owned by Brook Highland Community Church, but the building is vacant now, Martin said. A developer is eyeing the land for potential office use, he said. A vote on that annexation is scheduled for April 2.
× Expand Map courtesy of city of Hoover Brook Highland Community Church property map The Hoover City Council is considering annexing a 7-acre parcel along Alabama 119 across from Tattersall Park owned by Brook Highland Community Church but being considered for an office development.
Set a public hearing for April 16 to consider an amendment to the municipal code that would make it easier for people to obtain approval for sales of alcoholic beverages when such sales are deemed an accessory use of the businesses, such as restaurants, groceries, convenience stores and pharmacies.
Set a public hearing for April 16 to consider whether to allow Mountainprize Inc. and Savage, Savage & Brown to build a RaceTrac Petroleum gasoline station at 2137 Valleydale Road, next to the new BP Circle K that was approved a few months ago.
Set a public hearing for April 16 to consider whether to rezone property at 830 Municipal Drive from a neighborhood shopping district to a community business district to get the same zoning for all of the 1.7 acres the city owns between Hoover Fire Station No. 4 and the Extra Space Storage facility. The city bought 1.22 of the acres from Jack Nix in December and plans to put a police training facility on the property.
Set a public hearing for April 16 to consider whether to allow the Junior League of Birmingham to sell alcoholic beverages at an April 26 Bargain Bash party for the group's annual Bargain Carousel garage sale at the former Winn-Dixie shopping center near the intersection of Interstate 459 and John Hawkins Parkway.
Stamos said he planned to leave in December after his duties were assigned to others, according to tipsters, but Facebook convinced him to stay for several months both to ease the transition and to preserve the social network's image. It would "look bad" for him to leave, the sources said.
We've asked Facebook for comment and will let you know if it can confirm or deny the move.
If accurate, the departure reveals high-level tension at Facebook over its approach to Russian meddling and other misinformation campaigns -- it shows that some executives might not have wanted to verify the extent of the campaigns or notify users to the degree it has so far. The news certainly comes at a bad time, following right after word that Cambridge Analytica had collected the data of 50 million Facebook users without consent (and that Facebook may have sat on its knowledge of this since 2015). If Facebook really did time Stamos' exit to minimize uproar, it's having the opposite effect.
Update: In a Twitter post, Stamos confirmed that his "role did change," but that he's also still "fully engaged" with work at Facebook. He didn't definitively say whether or not he was leaving, however.
Daryl Powell admitted his Castleford Tigers players were second-best in many of departments after they were edged out by St Helens at Langtree Park.
Saints delivered a fine first-half display before holding off a spirited Tigers fightback to hand stand-in boss Jamahl Lolesi his first win since Keiron Cunningham's departure.
Castleford's Ben Roberts scored two tries. Picture: Alex Whitehead/SWpix.com
Matty Fleming, Luke Douglas and Mark Percival all crossed as the hosts took a 20-8 lead into the interval, while Regan Grace's try with 12 minutes left proved decisive.
Greg Eden and Ben Roberts both touched down twice for Castleford, who suffered only their second defeat of the campaign.
“In the first half we just got beaten for attitude and energy,” Tigers' head coach Powell.
“We started okay but their speed at the play the ball was far superior to ours.
We were just not right in between our ears today. We defended well on our line but we made too many errors in posession. Castleford Tigers' head coach, Daryl Powell
“We defended well on our line but we made too many errors in posession. Weight of posession at Easter is always going to be crucial – and we were on the wrong end of it.
“We were just not right in between our ears today. I said to the boys at half-time that we needed to keep them out if we were to go on and win - but we didn't manage to do it.”
Powell also dismissed claims that Grace had fumbled the ball over the line for the killer try.
He added: “The fans thought the try at the end was a knock-on. But it's a try isn't it? We have to improve and we will have to respond. The boys are disappointed. We haven't won here for a long time and we thought we could have done that today.”
Saints caretaker coach Sean Long couldn't hide his delight at the effort shown by his players just days after the sacking of head coach Keiron Cunningham.
““I'm really pleased with the effort and energy,” said Long.
“The boys turned up and it was a short turnaround following the game against Wigan.
“We found a way to win and Cas are a class team – to beat them is pleasing.”
St Helens: Makinson, Swift, Fleming, Percival, Grace, Fages, Smith, Amor, Lee, Walmsley, Taia, Wilkin, Thompson. Substitutes: Douglas, Walker, Peyroux, Knowles.
Castleford Tigers: Hardaker, Minikin, Webster, Shenton, Eden, Roberts, Gale, Lynch, McShane, Moors, Millington, McMeeken, Massey. Substitutes:Holmes, Milner, Sene-Lefao, Cook.
Referee: Chris Campbell (RFL).
For as long as we can remember, there hasn't been a 4/20 that's gone by where Curren$y let his fans go hungry on.
The New Orleans spliff star served up yet another mixtape for the year a few days ago, taking his total to three so far. Why so many, you ask? The Jet Life commando announced the arrival of his highly-anticipated studio album Back At Burnies for March 16, but unfortunately that date has come and gone and we're still waiting for the burn.
As per usual though, Spitta always compensates one way or another.
Air Freshna serves the listener three full-length tracks, portraying more of a “fun” sized project. The mixtape contains zero guest features, with Spitta executing across all three tracks. While on the boards, Miami heavy-hitters Cool & Dre, Smitty Beatz & 808 Ray take care of things. In addition to Back At Burnies, there are stacks of new collaborative albums in the works that *fingers crossed* we'll be seeing by the end of the year. These include: 2009 (with Wiz Khalifa), Fetti (with Freddie Gibbs), The Marina EP (with Harry Fraud), Smokey Robinson 2: Smokey's Revenge (with Don Cannon) and the Lacs N' Chevys OST (with Big K.R.I.T.).
The 37-year-old rapper even finds time to be on-screen, showing off his immaculate lowriders in Jet Life's newly profound lifestyle YouTube series Raps N Lowriders. However, with all this music going on this year, production has slowed down halfway through season two. Let's hope this means big things are in store for Spitta and the gang.
For time being though, kick back, relax and enjoy the sounds of Air Freshna above, and Episode 6 of Raps N Lowriders Season 2 below:
The ex-Hawaii employee who sent a false missile alert last month says he's devastated about causing panic, but he believed it was a real attack at the time.
Source: WAOW.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
IBM and Sony Set Data Storage Record: 330 TB on Tiny Tape Cartridge
Researchers with IBM and Sony have achieved a record data storage density on magnetic tape, packing a small cartridge with 330 terabytes of data, more than 28 times as much information as today's leading commercial technologies can hold.
Their findings, published last month, are good news for cloud services providers that find themselves having to back up and store ever-expanding volumes of information from big data applications ranging to scientific research to security and surveillance videos.
The prototype system developed by IBM and Sony can support data storage densities of 201.4 GB per square inch, compared to state-of-the-art tape drives that hold between 5 GB and 7 GB per square inch. IBM said this is the company's fifth data storage record-breaker since 2006.
Opens Door for a Decade of Further Improvement
"Foremost, this really demonstrates the potential to continue scaling tape technology basically at historical rates of doubling the cartridge capacity every two years for at least the next 10 years," said IBM exploratory tape scientist Mark Lantz (pictured above) in a YouTube video published today by IBM Research. "It allows customers to preserve their data in a cost-effective manner."
The prototype developed by IBM and Sony uses sputtered magnetic tape to store data. Sputtering involves coating the storage medium with several nanometer-thin layers of different conducting materials, including a five-nanometer overcoat of diamond-like carbon.
"Magnetic tape systems are currently the most cost-effective solution for the storage of large volumes of infrequently accessed data," the researchers wrote in a paper published July 19 in IEEE Transactions on Magnetics. "However, for tape systems to remain competitive, it is essential to maintain this cost advantage by continuing to scale areal density." They added their successful prototype demonstrates "the viability of continuing to scale the tape roadmap for another decade."
'Potential Is Huge'
IBM's previous magnetic tape data storage record, set in 2014, achieved a density of 85.9 billion bits of data per square inch. By contrast, this latest advance pushes that past 201 billion bits of data per square inch.
"Cloud is really one of the growing use cases of tape technology both as a kind of backup application to preserve data that's stored on other technologies in the cloud but also as an archival tier for cold data which is not very frequently accessed," Lantz said in today's YouTube video. "The potential is huge to continue scaling tape for many more years beyond what we've been able to show today."
While magnetic tape remains a go-to storage medium for data centers and other big data applications, researchers are also exploring a number of other potential technologies to keep up with a volume of digital information that is doubling every two years.
In March, for example, a U.S. research team demonstrated a technology that could store data on DNA at a density of 215 petabytes per gram -- in theory, enough to store all of the information humans have ever generated in the space of a single room.
Image credit: IBM Research.
President Duterte said he had fired two Malacañang employees for influence-peddling, stressing that his administration would not tolerate corruption.
Malacañang on Friday said it could not publicly name the two “until concerned parties are properly informed.”
Mr. Duterte bared the dismissals in his speech on Thursday at an agriculture event at the World Trade Center in Pasay City.
ADVERTISEMENT
He did not specify what offense the two committed.
In a video posted by Assistant Communications Secretary Mocha Uson on her Facebook page, the President said he dismissed the two employees for “using their influence.”
“They were employees and saying a lot of things outside, that they were powerful. I hate that,” he said.
In his speech, Mr. Duterte recalled that he had fired Cabinet members who had been linked to alleged corruption.
He encouraged the public to report corruption to the 8888 complaint hotline or direct to Malacañang and he would protect them.
Mr. Duterte's latest statement that he would not tolerate corruption came amid an Ombudsman investigation of his and his family's bank accounts based on the complaint by his archcritic Sen. Antonio Trillanes IV that they had hidden wealth.
He has denied the allegation and said the evidence against him was illegally obtained.
The President also threatened to investigate alleged corruption in the antigraft agency and to file an impeachment complaint against Ombudsman Conchita Carpio Morales.
ADVERTISEMENT
He later created the Presidential Anti-Corruption Commission.
Getty Image
LeBron James is one of the greatest basketball players of all-time and by the end of his career will have an argument for being the best. Part of what has made James so great and why he ranks so highly in most all-time NBA statistical categories is his incredible conditioning and consistently being at his peak on the court.
James has rarely missed anything close to significant time with injuries during his career, and he's maintained being in peak physical shape and done so in different forms and at different weights. Now, James is a slimmer but still powerful force who is a combination of point guard, small forward and power forward, capable of dominating at nearly any position on the floor.
When James was in Miami, he played at close to 275 pounds, as he was the most dominant physical force in the league at the time. In a piece on Monday, ESPN's Brian Windhorst explained how James stays in great shape and has done everything in his power to limit injuries and address potential problems before they get worse.
LOS ANGELES (AP) — Police say R&B singer Trey Songz has been arrested on suspicion of felony domestic violence for punching a woman at a Los Angeles party.
LAPD spokesman Officer Drake Madison says Songz, whose real name is Tremaine Neverson, turned himself in at a Hollywood police station Monday morning.
Jail records show the 33-year-old was released about two hours later on $50,000 bail.
Andrea Buera said at a news conference last week that she was the woman Songz had assaulted. Buera said he punched her repeatedly because he was upset she was talking to another man at a party Feb. 18.
Songz attorney Shawn Chapman Holley did not immediately respond to messages seeking comment.
Songz tweeted Monday that he was being lied about and falsely accused for someone else's personal gain.
Investing in Cassava Farming, Processing Plant for Export
The federal government announced its intention to discourage importation of some items that can be easily produced in Nigeria, including cassava, rice and wheat products. At the same time, it encourages those interested in local production and export to develop the local production of these crops and at the same time encourages self-reliance on local food consumption. The present government has paid attention to the development of agriculture and other non-oil exportable products. Cassava production, processing into chips & pellets, industrial starch, ethanol, garri, cassava flour and foo-foo is still a very lucrative agro- industrial project.
In 2013 the federal government came up with lots of packages to benefit farmers to develop agriculture. Some of them are N4.1Billion for cassava farmers only; N60Billion for Agro-farmers to enable them purchase stocks, seeds, stems, fertilizers etc; N200billion through Bank of Agriculture. These are great opportunities to exploit.
Every hand should be on deck to encourage cassava production either through provision of funds or through encouragement of production for export market.
Here some of those potentials are discussed.
Cassava is an important annual food grown throughout Nigeria.
It is tuberous and has the ability to thrive in poor soils and has considerable resistance to drought. It is also used to refer to the root of this tropical plant. It is botanically called manihot-esculenta and also called maniac or tapioca. Cassava is seen as readily available raw materials for establishment of small and medium scale industries in Nigeria. Nigeria's staple garri is produced from the root of this crop.
Export Types
Cassava for export includes dry cassava leaves, chips, pellets, cassava meal, flour and starch and ethanol. All these products can be export. Detailed research reports and feasibility studies report on establishment and running of any these aspects of the project are available and would be given to prospective investors.
Uses
Cassava is used mainly for producing animal feed. The dry roots chips and pellets are usually preferred by industrial animal feeds producers in America and Europe. Alcohol is also extracted from cassava. Textile industries and food industries need starch.
Production
Nigeria is a major producer of this tropical crops with output conservatively put at over 80, 000 metric tons as the end of 2012. However, until 1996, cassava and its allied products were on the export prohibition list. From 1996, its ban was lifted. With this policy action, Nigeria exporters were given the opportunity to develop export markets for this product.
Apart from Nigeria, other major tropical developing countries that produce cassava include Brazil, Thailand, Indonesia and Zaire.
Nigeria's over 60,000 metric tons is almost totally processed and consumed locally.
Export
Globally, only 15 per cent of total production of cassava is exported with Thailand being the major exporter of cassava products. As earlier stated cassava and its derivatives were de-listed from the export prohibition lists since 1996 and any Nigerian can invest and export any processed product(s). Its export is now encouraged among other food crops for which Nigeria is a major producer by present administration.
Direction of export
The direction of cassava export is mainly Europe and North America with European Union accounting for about 90 per cent of the total buyers. Details of the foreign buyers of industrial starch, cassava chips & pellets and cassava flour would be given to prospective investors on contacting the writer. About 30 per cent of cassava production globally is used for starches and other industrial products and only less than one per cent is processed into ethanol particularly in Brazil.
Europe Market Overview
The Europe is the major importer of cassava for animal production. Details would be given to prospective investors. Animal production being the main attraction of Agriculture in Europe, accounted for about 70 per cent of total agricultural output. The compound feed formulation is the main attraction for cassava. About 90 per cent of the traded cassava in the Europe is from the developing countries, Such as Nigeria. Main suppliers are Thailand (about 85 per cent), Indonesia (about six per cent), sub Saharan Africa is yet to contribute significantly to world trade in cassava with about three (3) per cent recorded in the early part of the millennium.
The principal buyer of cassava in the Europe is Netherlands, (accounting for over 40 per cent of total Europe imports); Germany (about 20 per cent), Belgium and Luxembourg (about 13 per cent), France (eight per cent), U.K (10 per cent) and Italy (two per cent). Details breakdown would be given to prospective investors the exportable quality standard.
Transportation and handling
Transportation and handling constitute high levels of cost of inputs in preparation of cassava for export. This is due to the bulky nature of the product. This cost could be as high as 50 per cent of total cost.
Proper management of cost reduction programme is therefore recommended for those who wish to venture into the export of cassava as reduction of costs will afford better competitiveness. Cassava pellets are usual cheaper to transport and handle than other exportable processed cassava products like industrial starch. The standard of the product is very important.
Quality
Feed millers are very critical about quality. Consistency of quality is very important for them to maintain the standards of their products.
Quality is usually in terms of nutritive value. Minimum standard specifications are as follows 70 per cent, 70 per cent and 62 per cent stand for chips, flour and pellets respectively while moisture content is 14 per cent, fibre five per cent and ash-three per cent content for all the three products. Details would be given to prospective investors on contacting the writer.
Packing
Packing is done in sacks of cotton, multi-craft paper bags or clean jute bag; pellets should be uniform in shape and size, less fragile and should be compatible for handling, storage and transportation. Palletising equipment exist for production of pellets. Prospective investors should not afraid of the quality control because the writer through years of experience can guide any investor to success.
The current price of Thailand hard pellets (Nigeria's equivalent) is as high as 3,500 DM per ton, industrial starch $2,500 US per ton as at January 2011(please note that the international price fluctuates and project plan market price) would be worked out based on the current.
The processing plants
The plants and machinery for setting up the cassava chips and pellets, industrial starch and flour are locally available. The raw materials, labour and all other required inputs are locally available.
Prospective investors would be given the details and would be comprehensively worked out in the bankable feasibility studies report.
The EPZ (export processing zones) can provide accommodation to serious investors. At the same time would ensure quality processing of their export products. Details would be given to prospective investors on contacting the writer.
The writer will guide prospective investors professionally to ensure that all opportunities are tapped (including government's incentives and funds for Agriculture) good packaging, quality products and efficient/effective management is installed for profits. The writer will also assist in the sourcing of the required funds (where necessary) and obtaining NAFDAC approval.
For details contact the writer Uba, Godwin
Global Trust Consulting Group,
56, Ishaga Road (1st floor), Surulere, Lagos
Tel: 08034494437, 08023664368
Email: ubagodwin@yahoo.com
This post was syndicated from THISDAYLIVE. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
Ryan Murphy's latest show, Feud: Bette and Joan, is the kickoff to potentially another long-running anthology series for the prolific creator, writer, and director. Ever since the announcement that the inaugural season would center around the notorious and lengthy feud between Bette Davis and Joan Crawford, fans of the Golden Age of Hollywood have been clamoring for more details and a solid look at the series itself. Now that we have an extended trailer, excitement levels should be off the charts.
The trailer covers the filming of What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?, a classic film and the only project that Bette and Joan ever actually worked on together, as well as the behind the scenes drama of getting them both on board the movie, and the interpersonal relationships between the supporting characters like the studio heads and gossip writers circling the feuding duo. All of it looks magnificent, to put it simply.
Even better than this trailer may be the opening credits, which is a rare opening sequence that is longer than a few seconds and actually sets the tone of the show in a creative and captivating way. If you haven't had the chance to watch those yet, cancel your plans for a few hours so you can watch them over and over again.
When I was a kid with the original Nintendo Entertainment System, I of course played Duck Hunt. Fast forward 25 years and I did so in virtual reality, live on stage at E3 in front of the entire internet with Duck Season -- a tribute to the classic NES title. What was my high score? And, more importantly, how often did I shoot my hunting companion, an anthropomorphic dog that looks ripped straight out of Five Nights at Freddy's? You'll have to watch the above video to find out.
On Friday, team PadMan started the film's promotion vis-a-vis the "PadMan challenge" and soon it was superstar Aamir Khan who joined the Padman Challenge team and shared a picture on Twitter in which he was seen posing with a sanitary napkin. Following him, it was Alia Bhatt who took up the challenge and posted a picture in which she was at the gym holding a sanitary napkin.
Akshay Kumar's upcoming movie PadMan has been creating a lot of buzz on the internet much before its release. Based on the important issue of menstrual hygiene, it is one of the most anticipated films of 2018. Many celebs are joining the Padman Challenge started by Twinkle Khanna. Twinkle posted her own picture and passed the challenge on to Aamir, actress Shabana Azmi, and industrialist Harsh Goenka. Aamir Khan posted a tweet on Friday in which a picture he is seen holding a sanitary napkin. “Yes, that's a pad in my hand and there's nothing to be ashamed. It's natural, period,” Aamir tweeted.
After Aamir Khan, it is actress Alia Bhatt who has become the latest B'town celebrity to join to Padman Challenge team. Alia tweeted a picture of herself, rooting for Akshay Kumar's film and wrote: “Just hanging around in the gym, with a pad. No biggie. Thank you Akshay Kumar for the challenge.” It was Arunachalam Muruganantham, who is the subject of PadMan tagged the film's lead actor Akshay and producer Twinkle Khanna in the challenge, who in turn tagged three of their colleagues.
Helmed by R Balki, Padman focuses on the need and utilization of sanitary napkins among women. It also emphasize on spreading awareness about the importance of sanitary napkins during periods and is a move to remove the stigma around periods. It features Akshay Kumar, Radhika Apte and Sonam Kapoor in lead roles. Padman is inspired by the real life story of Arunachalam Muruganantham (played by Akshay), who became a popular figure for inventing low-cost sanitary making machines and hence, the name of the movie. Mr Muruganantham felt the need to come up with a convenient solution to tackle menstrual health for women after he learned his wife used newspaper and rags during her menstrual cycle. The film is slated to release on February 9.
Thank you @mrsfunnybones
Yes, that's a Pad in my hand & there's nothing to be ashamed about. It's natural! Period. #PadManChallenge. Copy, Paste this & Challenge your friends to take a photo with a Pad. Here I am Challenging @SrBachchan , @iamsrk & @BeingSalmanKhan pic.twitter.com/lY7DEevDmD — Aamir Khan (@aamir_khan) February 2, 2018
The storm surrounding “Confederate” started shortly after HBO announced in mid-July that the next project from the “Game of Thrones” creators D.B. Weiss and David Benioff would be an alternate history drama in which the South successfully seceded during the Civil War, and government-sanctioned slavery was still a reality.
A backlash emerged, with some accusing HBO of being cavalier with the topic of slavery and the contemporary plight of black life in the United States. A social media campaign built around the hashtag #NoConfederate began trending on Twitter.
Several prominent writers denounced the series, including Ta-Nehisi Coates, who wrote in The Atlantic this month: “African Americans do not need science-fiction, or really any fiction, to tell them that that ‘history is still with us.' It's right outside our door. It's in our politics. It's on our networks.”
Then came this weekend's events in Charlottesville, where a rally of white nationalists turned into a series a melees and a 32-year-old woman was killed when a car sped into a crowd of counterprotestors.
One of the creators of the #NoConfederate campaign, April Reign, who also created the #OscarsSoWhite social media campaign, said that the events over the weekend were a reminder that “we have not fully reconciled what the Confederacy means.”
“How is this an alt-history when we have things like Charlottesville playing out?” she said in a telephone interview.
HBO defended the series in a statement on Monday.
“We support everybody's right to express an opinion but the suggestion of irresponsibility on our part is simply undeserved,” the network said. “HBO has a long history of championing intelligent storytelling and we will approach this project with the same level of thoughtfulness that has always defined our programming. We recognize the sensitivity of this project and will treat it with the respect that it deserves. Our creative partners should be given time to develop the series rather than face prejudgment.”
Photo
The backlash to the show has also spurred a debate about whether the #NoConfederate campaign constituted a form of censorship, because the criticism of the show developed before a script was even written. Judd Apatow, the television and movie producer, said on Twitter that “to criticize work before it exists is dangerous to all expression.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
HBO said that “Confederate” would not go into production until “Game of Thrones” was finished next year, meaning that it will probably be at least two years before the show is ready to air.
The network has dealt with pre-emptive furor before. In the months before the release of the science fiction drama “Westworld,” the network faced criticism that it was once again relying on sexual violence against women as a plot point in a prominent show. (“Game of Thrones” has also been subject to this criticism during its run, another reason that some thought Mr. Weiss and Mr. Benioff, who are both white, were less-than-ideal creators of a show that dealt with slavery.) But by time “Westworld” debuted, much of that had died down, and the first-year drama was showered with good reviews, strong ratings and numerous Emmy nominations.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
In the meantime came the release on Sunday of more hacked episodes from upcoming series, including a new episode of “Insecure,” and several unaired episodes from “Curb Your Enthusiasm” and the new series “The Deuce,” which will form the backbone of HBO's fall lineup. (To make matters even more complicated for HBO, a producer of “The Deuce” will be sentenced Tuesday for his role in the fatal cocaine overdose of a 38-year old dermatologist).
The hacker, who refers to himself as Mr. Smith, described this as the “third wave” of material. So far, the attack has remained relatively contained compared with the one involving Sony, which included a trove of embarrassing and racially insensitive emails that forced the studio's executives to publicly apologize and meet with civil rights activists. HBO has said that it did not believe its email system “as a whole” had been breached, though the hacker has had access to some emails and released a number from the account of one network executive.
The information released from the Sony theft was also eventually made available on WikiLeaks, making private emails easily searchable by the public.
In contrast, the HBO hacker has primarily released the material to members of the news media, and it is not clear how widely some of the hacked episodes have actually spread online. Further, the hacker has not released any upcoming episodes of “Game of Thrones,” HBO's crown jewel, which has two episodes left this season.
Mr. Smith has said that he wants HBO to pay him a ransom for the rest of the material. On Monday, the hacker provided a copy of a letter that he had purportedly sent to HBO. “You disappointed us, so we will bring down your nasty empire,” it read.
HBO said in a statement that it was no longer in communication with the hacker, and that it would not comment on every bit of material that was released.
“The hacker may continue to drop bits and pieces of stolen information in an attempt to generate media attention,” the network said. “That's a game we're not going to participate in. Obviously, no company wants their proprietary information stolen and released on the internet. Transparency with our employees, partners, and the creative talent that works with us has been our focus throughout this incident and will remain our focus as we move forward. This incident has not deterred us from ensuring HBO continues to do what we do best.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
But it has contributed to an unexpectedly anxious summer.
‘You Know, I Never Told You This' After #MeToo, families discuss sexual assault. Image Credit Family photos from Kikki Short, Brian Durrance, Tony, Angela Caires, Ellen O'Brien, Nancy Welliver, Haley Thomas.
After millions of #MeToo tweets and an onslaught of media exposés of sexual misconduct accusations against public figures, some readers are broaching the topic of sexual assault with their families, revealing experiences they once felt too ashamed to discuss.
More than 140 readers, most of them women, responded when we asked to hear from those who have spoken to parents, grandparents, sons or daughters about unwanted sexual encounters. We interviewed members of seven families, some of whom asked not to be named in full.
Image Left, Ellen O'Brien at age 13. Right, Ms. O'Brien at Turkey Trot LA this past Thanksgiving. Credit Ellen O'Brien
“Why hadn't she told me at the time?”
Peg, 63, from Chicago on talking with her daughter, Ellen O'Brien, 32, from Los Angeles.
Ellen O'Brien's long-buried distress began to surface when she first heard President Donald Trump talk on tape about groping women. As the news surrounding other boldfaced names broke over the months, she felt her anxiety simmering. Finally, home for her wedding shower in August, Ms. O'Brien took a walk with her mother, Peg, passing by an alleyway, fraught with bad memories.
Image Tony in his early 20s. Credit Tony
“You want to create children out of love, but I was created out of violence.”
Tony, 59, from Chicago after talking with his mother, 84, from Oak Park, Ill.
Recently, as Tony and his mother watched news about Al Franken pantomiming groping a young woman's breasts, Tony told her he was disappointed by the number of men who had “done this to women.”
That's when Tony's mother first told him he was conceived after a man took her to a party and then raped her.
Image Left, Joan Durrance in her high school yearbook. Right, the Durrance family in 1980 with Brian, upper-left, and Joan, center. Credit Brian Durrance
“She's a pillar of strength and self reliance. To have her almost in tears was startling.”
Brian Durance, 55, from Dexter, Mich., speaking to his mother, Joan Durrance, 80, also from Dexter.
Recently, Joan Durrance and her son Brian Durrance were discussing the sexual harassment and assault allegations against the Alabama senate hopeful Roy Moore. Ms. Durrance said she wanted to share a story with her son, dating back to her own years growing up in Florida. What she told him shocked Mr. Durrance to his core.
Image Left, Nancy Welliver at 16. Right, Ms. Welliver and her daughter, Irene Hassan, at Ms. Hassan's 2014 wedding in Amman, Jordan. Credit Nancy Welliver
“For a long time I didn't want to tell her this. But I want to be a real person.”
Nancy Welliver, 62, from Honolulu, Hawaii, on talking with her daughter, Irene Hassan, 30, from Waianae, Hawaii
Nancy Welliver was 16 when a sexual assault changed her life. Her #MeToo post on Facebook, almost 50 years later, was the first time she ever mentioned it publicly. “My daughter saw it and said to me something simple and wonderful like ‘I saw what you posted on Facebook. That's awful,'” Ms. Welliver said.
Image Maria Miller and her daughter Angela Caires, at Ms. Caires's college graduation in 2000. Credit Angela Caires
“I took a shower and cried. It just had such a profound effect on my outlook on men.”
Maria Miller, 75, from Vista, Calif., in conversation with her daughter, Angela Caires, 53, from Oceanside, Calif.
Angela Caires recently told her mother she worried about her daughter's interest in acting because it would put her in a sexually predatory business. During the conversation, Ms. Caires' mother, Maria Miller, for the first time revealed details of being raped at 18 by a man who brought her home after a date.
Image Kikki Short, bottom right, and her parents, Michael and Betsy Short, in a 1974 family photo. Credit Kikki Short
“That was a moment where someone could have taught me to speak up, and didn't.”
Kikki Short, 48, from Port Chester, N.Y., talking to her father, Michael Short, 77, from Wayland, Mass.
Michael Short recently mentioned to his daughter, Kikki, that a family friend had told him about being sexually assaulted as a girl by a church pastor. Ms. Short responded that as a preteen, she had been through a shockingly similar experience. Michael and his late wife Betsy never knew.
Image Haley Thomas and her grandmother Geraldine Wallace at Ms. Thomas's college graduation in 2014. Credit Haley Thomas
“Guys know it, too. In fact, they probably know more about it than we do.”
Geraldine Wallace, 83, from Orinda, Calif., talking to her granddaughter, Haley Thomas, 25, from Denver.
Over breakfast one morning, during a visit to California, Haley Thomas and her grandparents were discussing the prevalence of sexual harassment and assault. Geraldine Wallace recalled times in the past when men had put her into uncomfortable situations at social events.
“My grandmother said the issue was about power,” Ms. Thomas said. “Then she turned to me and said, ‘I'm glad your generation isn't putting up with this.'”
The Reader Center is a newsroom initiative that is helping The Times build deeper ties with our audience.
A note to readers who are not subscribers: This article from the Reader Center does not count toward your monthly free article limit.
{"id":51727810,"title":"California wildfire explodes in size, prompting new evacuations overnight ","duration":"1:39","description":"Officers go door to door in Santa Barbara County as Thomas fire moves closer to communities.","url":"/WNT/video/california-wildfire-explodes-size-prompting-evacuations-overnight-51727810","section":"WNT","mediaType":"default"}
TAIPEI (Taiwan News) – On Dec. 12 at 11:40 a.m., the Taiwan Tourism Bureau along with representatives from China Airlines, and Taoyuan International Airport welcomed the arrival of 10 millionth international travelers to Taiwan this year.
The surprise celebration and a welcome worthy of a superstar took Ms. Tan Jue-Ping entirely by surprise after landing at 10:40 a.m. and waiting in line at immigration. Tan was traveling with her family from Singapore, and was already looking forward to her first time visiting Taiwan.
Thanks to the gift package from the Taiwan Tourism Bureau, the lucky traveler will be spending her time in Taiwan at the height of luxury. Not only can she extend her planned stay in Taiwan with vouchers for free hotel stays at the Regent Taipei, the Howard Plaza Hotel in Kaohsiung, and the Parkview resort in Hualien, but China Airlines will also take care of her flight home as well.
Tan is travelling with 12 members of her family, and they were already planning a trip to include Taipei and Taichung, and then visits to Qingjing Farm in Nantou as well as a stop by Hualien to see the East coast.
One of Tan's family members remarked that they had come to Taiwan nearly 30 years ago on their honey moon to see Alishan and Sun Moon Lake. They said the decision to return to Taiwan on this trip was definitely the right decision.
This is the third year in a row that Taiwan has welcomed over 10 million international travelers. The extravagant welcome for Tan and her family was also a celebration of the successes Taiwan has had over recent years in attracting foreign visitors and raising the profile of Taiwan abroad.
Over the last year, the Tourism Bureau has been working on a five part strategy to enhance tourism in Taiwan. The comprehensive plan includes; exploring more diverse markets, continuing to promote national tourism, working with various industries to integrate transformational strategies congenial to tourism, developing "smart" sightseeing experiences, and promoting experiential tourism.
According to a press release, the Director of Taiwan's Tourism Bureau Zhou Yong-hui (周永暉) said that the Bureau will continue to do everything it can to promote tourism in Taiwan abroad, and to improve the quality of visitor experience.
He also extended a warm welcome to people all over the world to visit Taiwan, and experience the island's beauty for themselves.
Educated Rich Liberal Snowflake: Remember Trumptards you couldn't vote for Hillary because she lies, can't be trusted and is unfit. Trump of course always tells the truth, was going to build a wall, repeal and replace Obamacare, and surround himself with "all the best people", draining the swamp. LOL how's all that winning working out for you?
In a year of restoration, Jesus will use us to break the curses in our families, Philip Cameron prophesied on the Jim Bakker Show.
"There are curses in your family that need to be broken," Cameron says. "You need to be the point person, the one that will stand there and say, 'This is not happening in my grandkids' lives, this is not going to take part in my kids. I will not allow this to have a foothold in my family.'"
With these declarations, you can activate life-altering faith.
Watch the video to see how.
Leaders are readers! Subscribe now and get 3 magazines for the price of 1. Get Ministry Today, Charisma and SpiritLed Woman all for $24. YES - Sign me up!
3 Reasons Why you should read Life in the Spirit. 1) Get to know the Holy Spirit. 2) Learn to enter God's presence 3) Hear God's voice clearly! Click Here to draw closer to God!
-
See an error in this article? This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Ancient Human Ancestor Had Huge Mouth, No Anus
You won't find it in your family album, but a tiny prehistoric creature with a bag-like body, a huge mouth and no anus has become the best candidate yet for our earliest known ancestor.
Thought to have lived as long as 540 million years ago, the creature is the oldest known member of a large group of animals known as deuterostomes, which includes vertebrates -- such as humans -- as well as starfish, sea urchins and a host of other fauna.
While it is highly unlikely the new species is our direct ancestor, scientists say the creature could be very similar to it. As a result, the discovery of the fossils sheds light on the early stages of our evolution.
“In effect what we are suggesting here is that this is the earliest, oldest, most primitive of the deuterostomes,” said Simon Conway Morris, professor of palaeobiology at the University of Cambridge, and a co-author of the research. “This is, if you like, the starting point of an evolution which led ultimately to things as different as a sea urchin, starfish and rabbit.”
Discovered in sedimentary rock in Xixiang County in the Shaanxi province of central China, the species has been dubbed Saccorhytus coronarious for its sack-like, globular body and large mouth. Just one millimetre in length, the tiny animals are believed to have lived on the sea bed, where they would have nestled between grains of sand and moved by wriggling.
“When you look at them under the microscope they look like tiny grains of black rice, frankly -- they are pretty uninteresting -- but as soon as you put them under the electron microscope, the detail becomes absolutely phenomenal,” said Conway Morris who, with colleagues from China, has published the discovery in the journal Nature.
Among the details revealed by such techniques are a series of folds or wrinkles around the creature's mouth which, the authors argue, could have allowed the animal's mouth to dilate allowing it to swallow relatively large prey. Like humans, the creature has bilateral symmetry -- that is, two symmetrical halves.
The large quantities of water the animal would have swallowed while feeding, adds Conway Morris, were likely ejected through a number of openings that can be seen on each side of the creature's body. “These are, we suggest, the precursors of what we call the gill slits which you see in a fish,” he said. The role of small pores across the body, he adds, is more of a mystery, although he suggests that they might have been involved in securing the animal to sand grains, possible by releasing some sort of adhesive, or may otherwise have played a sensory role.
Perhaps most intriguingly, the animal appears to be lacking an anus. While Morris admits it is possible that the team simply haven't spotted it, he points out that other creatures, such as the worm-like acoels, are also known to lack the orifice. “These things are so small, you can envisage something which is basically just a digestive sack with holes on the side,” he said of the new creatures.
Imran Rahman, museum research fellow at the Oxford University Museum of Natural History and an expert in the field, described the findings as exciting.
“These are really interesting and to my mind surprising fossils,” he said. “[They have the] potential to greatly improve our understanding of the early evolution of deuterostomes, which is the major group to which vertebrates -- including humans -- belong, so they are obviously going to be important going forwards for understanding our evolutionary history.”
The tiny size of the fossils, he adds, is particularly remarkable, noting that previously discovered fossils of younger deuterostomes are often several centimeters in length. “That kind of opens up the tantalizing prospect that maybe some of these oldest animals were really microscopic as well,” he said.
It's a point, says Conway Morris, that could shed light on an enduring conundrum: why there is an apparent blank in the fossil record from around the time that animals are thought to have emerged based on the so-called “ molecular clock ” -- an approach that estimates the dates of evolutionary splits from the rate at which genetic differences accumulate.
“If indeed the first of these animals including Saccorhytus were very, very tiny, they could only preserve in very, very exceptional circumstances -- they basically slip through the fossilisation net,” said Conway Morris.
While Conway Morris admits the idea is speculative, the latest discovery, he says, makes it an intriguing possibility.
“The question here of course is: is it possible that there is a deep cryptic history that has almost entirely eluded discovery because these things are absolutely tiny?” he said.
Image Credit: Jian Han. Artist's reconstruction of Saccorhytus coronarius, based on the original fossil finds. The actual creature was probably no more than a millimetre in size.
© 2017 Guardian Web under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Read more on: Scientists, Researchers, Ancient, Discovery, Evolution
COLUMBUS — Ohio has inched up in its ranking for wine production to the sixth highest state in the nation.
The state moved from the seventh highest number of gallons generated in the U.S. up a notch, just above longtime gridiron rival, Michigan.
Production
The number of gallons produced in 2016 doubled the total in 2012, according to a recently released report by the Ohio Department of Agriculture's Ohio Grape Industries Committee. The report examined the state's wine production in 2016.
“Everyone has always thought of California, Germany, France and Australia as wine-producing regions. It's becoming more evident to people that there are Ohio wines,” said Todd Steiner, who leads the science of winemaking program in the College of Food, Agricultural, and Environmental Sciences (CFAES) at Ohio State University.
Assisting the state's winemakers and grape growers are Steiner and other researchers in the college, including entomologists who focus on pests that plague vineyards, plant pathologists concentrating on grape diseases and winemaking experts savvy about the fermentation process.
Across the state, all of them work with grape growers and winery owners to troubleshoot obstacles.
One of those challenges is achieving the appropriate level of sulfur dioxide, a preservative added to grapes and wine to kill or inhibit unwanted yeasts or bacteria and to keep wine from being exposed to oxygen, Steiner said.
Exposing a wine to oxygen or bacterial contamination can taint a wine's flavor, color and aroma and can occur at any point from harvest to bottling and wine storage.
Oxidation can turn a white wine brown or a red wine brownish-red.
Steiner and his colleagues have conducted studies on methods to control excess oxygen entry at critical points in the winemaking process.
Bacterial contamination, for example, can make a wine smell and taste like vinegar, which is best kept in a salad and out of a glass.
Vineyards needed
Ohio's annual wine production has nearly doubled since 2012 to nearly 6 million gallons. Ohio wineries grew to 265 in 2016 from 175 in 2012, according to the state report.
Still, Ohio's production significantly lags behind the wine-producing states of California, Washington, New York, Pennsylvania and Oregon.
Part of the challenge is that more vineyards are needed to supply Ohio's wineries, Steiner said.
“We have so many wineries in Ohio now, we want to make sure there's enough accessible fruit on hand for the wineries,” Steiner said.
As every grape grower here knows, brutal winters can be an obstacle, such as the one in 2014.
“That killed us,” Steiner said. “We had to replant or retrain a lot of vines.” Any newly planted vines take about four years before they produce wine-quality grapes, Steiner said.
Weather
Weather is a major reason why vineyard owners in California, Oregon and Washington have an edge on Ohio.
Still, there are plenty of types of grapes that can handle frigid temperatures and hardier winter varieties are being grown here for experimentation.
A decade ago Regent grapes, a red grape grown in Germany where growers know tough winters, was introduced in Ohio.
Varieties
The grape is performing well here, as is a variety called Arneis, a white grape, originally grown in northern Italy.
From north to south, the state's weather varies, with it being warmer and drier in the south, and varieties can be grown that do well in each region.
In northwest Ohio, growers produce La Crescent, Frontenac and other cold-hardy selections, and Labrusca varieties, which can handle subzero temperatures.
Favoring a longer growing season with increased heat and milder winters, Syrah, Cabernet Franc and Norton red grapes stretch across vines in southern Ohio.
Still, other varieties grow in northeast Ohio near the Lake Erie shoreline.
Pathogens
The high level of moisture, particularly in northeast Ohio, the largest grape-growing region of the state, can be problematic for vineyard owners, said Melanie Lewis Ivey, an OSU Extension plant pathologist.
“We just have an ideal environment for pathogens,” Ivey said of the state's humid and warm summers and falls.
The three most destructive grape diseases are all caused by fungi: black rot, downy mildew and powdery mildew. All three can destroy grapes.
Few natural fungicides exist, so grape growers have to spray artificial fungicides, Ivey said.
“But that doesn't make the grapes less marketable because they were sprayed,” she said. That's because the demand for organic wine is not significant, Ivey said.
To ward off fungi, grape growers are encouraged to prune off the clusters which prevent air from moving through the vine.
Pests
If they leave the pruned clusters on the ground, they're offering a meal ticket to another pest that plagues grape vines across the country: the spotted-wing drosophila fruit fly.
After larval flies devour the discarded grapes, they will mature and a new generation of adult fruit flies will emerge.
“They're going to be looking for food, and it's going to be the grapes on the vine,” said OSU Extension entomologist Elizabeth Long.
A native of Southeast Asia, the spotted-wing drosophila fruit fly was first spotted in Ohio six years ago.
The fly attacks not only grapes but other small berries, laying eggs inside the fruit. As the larvae develop, they devour the fruit.
For grape growers in the state, Long offers advice on how to fend off grape pests and encourage their natural predators.
“The idea is to spray only when you need to so you don't risk harm to beneficial insects and save yourself some money in the process. It's a balancing act of dealing with a few insects, because they're going to be there, and not breaking the bank to have this pristine ‘insect-free' vineyard that, in reality, doesn't exist.”
The Latest on the pedestrian death involving a self-driving vehicle in Tempe (all times local):
10:35 a.m.
Uber says it has suspended all of its self-driving testing following what is believed to be the first fatal pedestrian crash involving the vehicles.
The self-driving testing has been taking place in Phoenix, Pittsburgh, San Francisco and Toronto.
Automakers and tech companies are competing to be first with the technology.
Police in the Phoenix suburb of Tempe say one of Uber's self-driving vehicles struck and killed a pedestrian on Sunday night.
Investigators say the vehicle was in autonomous mode with an operator behind the wheel when the woman walking outside of a crosswalk was hit.
The woman died of her injuries at a hospital.
Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi expressed condolences on his Twitter account the company is working with local law enforcement on the investigation.
10:15 a.m.
Police in a Phoenix suburb say one of Uber's self-driving vehicles has struck and killed a pedestrian.
Police in the city of Tempe said Monday that the vehicle was in autonomous mode with an operator behind the wheel when the woman walking outside of a crosswalk was hit.
Sgt. Ronald Elcock says in an email that the crash happened overnight but did not say whether it occurred Sunday night or Monday morning.
The woman died of her injuries at a hospital and her name was not made public.
Uber has been testing the self-driving vehicles in Tempe and Phoenix for months.
Uber says on Twitter that it is "fully cooperating" with the investigation and expressed condolences to the family of the victim.
Estranged hubby beats wife, “abducts” son
A 32-year-old electrician, Opeoluwa Olorunjuedalo, who allegedly kidnapped his son after beating his wife for refusing to hand over his son to him, was on Wednesday brought before an Ikeja Magistrates' Court.
Olorunjuedalo, who resides in Akute, a border community between Lagos and Ogun, is facing a two-count charge of breach of peace and assault.
The Police Prosecutor, Sgt. Yomi Egunjobi, told the court that the accused committed the offences sometime in November 2015 at Liasu Street, Akute.
According to him, the accused gave the wife, Oreoluwa, a beating of her life and injured her.
Egunjobi said the accused who had abandoned the complainant for another woman, stormed her house and beat her silly when she refused to give him his son.
“The accused left the complainant last August and he came back in November to take his five-year-old son.
“The complainant prevented him from taking their son away and the accused beat her and forcefully took away the boy.”
The offences contravened Sections 168 and 173 of the Criminal Law of Lagos State, 2015 (Revised).
Section 173 prescribes a three-year jail term for offenders.
The accused pleaded not guilty to the charge.
The Magistrate, Mrs O.I. Raji, granted him bail in the sum of N20, 000 with two sureties in like sum and adjourned
the case until June 23 for mention.
The post Estranged hubby beats wife, “abducts” son appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
01:16 Reported News Briefs Nissan 4, 5778 , 20/03/18 Nissan 4, 5778 , 20/03/18 Giving up nuclear weapons? North Korea giggles Read more President Trump wants to influence North Korea to disarm its nuclear weapons. There is no real willingness to do so in Pyongyang. ► ◄ Last Briefs
NEW YORK (CBSNewYork) – It's a whale of a spring cleaning job.
The iconic blue whale at the American Museum of Natural History was getting its annual scrub-down Tuesday.
Staffers used a cherry picker to hoist themselves in the air and vaccuum cleaners with long-handled brushes to clean up the whale.
The whale was installed in 1969. It weighs 21,000 pounds.
As many as 12 All Blacks have signed contract extensions to remain at the Crusaders until the end of 2019.
With the exception of scrumhalf Bryn Hall, all the players who started for the Crusaders in the Super Rugby final against the Lions have secured contracts for next year and beyond.
The 25-year-old Hall initially joined the Crusaders on a one-year deal from the Blues and is yet to re-sign with the franchise; while there is also uncertainty surrounding the future of Marty McKenzie, who only made five Super Rugby appearances this year.
The 12 All Blacks who have agreed new deals are: Codie Taylor, Sam Whitelock, Kieran Read, Owen Franks, Israel Dagg, Joe Moody, Matt Todd, Ryan Crotty, Seta Tamanivalu, Wyatt Crockett, Scott Barrett and Luke Romano.
The non-Test players include Richie Mo'unga, Mitchell Hunt, Ben Funnell, Mike Alaalatoa, Tim Perry and Oli Jager.
Full story
Photo: Gavin Barker/BackpagePix
Miramax
Last Updated: April 24th
From the moment the bandit turned his gun toward the camera in 1903's The Great Train Robbery, no genre of film has been more readily identified with quintessential American cinema than the Western. Though the popularity of classic Western movies waned in the late 1960s, today's filmmakers still approach the genre with enthusiasm, breathing new life into these cinematic archetypes. Here's a look at some of the best westerns on Netflix streaming right now.
Related: The 30 Best Movies On Netflix Right Now, Ranked
The Hateful Eight (2015)
Share This Video Facebook Twitter EMAIL
The Hateful Eight was originally conceived as a sequel to Quentin Tarantino's 2012 film Django Unchained, but Tarantino almost gave up the idea of making the movie after the script leaked in early 2014. After he oversaw a live script reading in Los Angeles later that year, Tarantino changed his mind and decided to put his latest vision on the big screen. No longer a Django sequel, The Hateful Eight became a standalone story about eight strangers who take shelter at a stopover during a blizzard, all with very different reasons as to why they don't trust one another. For the film's score, Tarantino brought in legendary composer Ennio Morricone to do the film's score, which won him an Academy Award.
For more of the best streaming picks on Netflix, Amazon, and Hulu, subscribe to our What To Watch newsletter
Wind River (2017)
A modern-day Western set against the backdrop of a brutal winter, Wind River stars Jeremy Renner as a US Fish & Wildlife Service agent who's recruited into helping the FBI after he discovers the body of a young girl on the Wind River Reservation in Wyoming. He's joined by a rookie FBI agent (Elizabeth Olsen) to try and bring the killer to justice. Writer/director Taylor Sheridan was nominated for a Best Original Screenplay Oscar for his work on another modern-day Western, 2016's Hell Or High Water.
“The MeshugaNutcracker!” is a full-length musical comedy that features the wonderfully silly sensibilities of the folklore of Chelm (a fictional town of fools) underscored by an invigorating Klezmer-ized orchestration of Tchaikovsky's “Nutcracker Suite,” including original lyrics that celebrate Chanukah.
Judah Maccabee's triumphant saga and accounts of perseverance during the Holocaust as well as the celebration of the first Chanukah in the new state of Israel emerge with a genuine sense of wonder as the Chelmniks tell eight stories that pay tribute to the holiday. Add in dancing dreidels, singing sufganiot, and surprise guest stars and you have the perfect recipe for a holiday outing! Jews and non-Jews alike will delight in this original musical celebrating all things Chanukah.
This absolutely joyful event is produced and directed by Scott Evan Guggenheim, with music adapted, lyrics, and choreography by Shannon Guggenheim; musical direction and arrangements by Stephen Guggenheim and Thomas Tomasello; costume and set designs by Julie Engelbrecht; lighting by Derek Duarte; sound design by Steven Cahill; and film editing by Kyle Burke.
Transcript for Eyewitnesses recount the moment a gunman opened fire on members of Congress
Many lawmakers diving into the dugout on that baseball field. Others trying to get to congressman Scalise. Who began to crawl further into the outfield. Reporter: You suddenly heard the gunshots. I heard one single, loud pop. I didn't realize at first it was a gunshot. Very shortly thereafter, there was a barrage of shots. It was sickening, it was saddening and there were a lot of shots. Easily 30 to 50 maybe more. Reporter: And obviously, everybody was at the ball field today. There is really little place to turn, except for the dugout, which is where you dove? We hit the ground. I found out later sadly that the shooter came around and must have come right past us because we were lying by the fence. So I was very fortunate not to have been shot. I did end up in the dugout and that's where I got injured and other people got injured. Reporter: Because so many people simply dove in? Just dove in. One of our members broke his ankle diving in just to get out of the barrage of gunfire. But the capitol police did a tremendous job. I want the American people to know that, but for the fact that the capitol police who returned fire and protected us, there would have been a lot more people severely injured. Reporter: And they fought back even though they were wounded. That's correct. Reporter: Incredible thing. The congressman who was on the field, congressman Scalise. He was trying to crawl out further on the field to find some sort of safety from the gunman. Yes, it's very sad. We had other people shot there, one other man got shot in the chest he's has surgery, two surgeries, when I got in the dugout I saw another gentleman who had been shot in the leg. It's just a very, very sad day.
This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate.
Catch Group says that Kogan.com has agreed to not use a number of domain names, including catchmobile.com.au, catchloans.com.au, and catchinsurance.com.au, until legal action relating to a number of ‘Catch' trademarks is resolved.
Catch Group operates a number of sites including catch.com.au and Scoopon.com.au. In mid-2017 Catch Group rebranded from Catch of the Day to Catch and began operating catch.com.au. In February 2018 the company launched Catch Connect: A telco brand that offers prepaid services on the Optus network.
The company on 24 May launched legal action against the ASX-listed Kogan alleging trademark infringement.
Since at least January 2018, Kogan has owned the catchmobile.com.au domain. Since at least March this year, it has been the registered owner of catchinsurance.com.au and catchloans.com.au.
When it operated, catchmobile.com.au had the slogans “Catch Mobile” and “Catch a Mobile Deal” with a link through to Kogan's own telecommunications services (offered on Vodafone's network).
Kogan on 1 March this year lodged applications for a range of trademarks including Catch Insurance, Catch Loans and Catch Mobile. The retailer also lodged a trademark application for 'Catch a Mobile Deal' on the same day. All four applications are currently being considered by IP Australia.
Last year in August Catch Group lodged trademark applications for Catch Mobile and Catch Insurance. Kogan on 15 April indicated its intention to oppose the Catch Mobile application; it has not lodged an intention to oppose Catch Insurance, however.
Court documents filed with the Victorian registry of the Federal Court reveal that Catch has accused Kogan of buying Google Ads that link to the ‘Kogan Catch Mobile Products and Services' (i.e. catchmobile.com.au) for search terms including “catch connect”, “catch mobile” and “catch mobile plans”.
“Almost everyone knows who Catch is, and we have worked hard to deliver a market leading phone plan offering for consumers,” said Nati Harpaz, CEO of Catch Group.
“Nearly one in seven Australians have shopped with us since 2006, and our customer base only continues to grow.”
Catch Group said that Kogan on 30 May agreed to cease using the catchmobile.com.au domain and any of the disputed “Catch” brand terms until the legal action is resolved.
Kogan declined to comment. A spokesperson indicated that the retailer would not comment on an action it believed would not have a material impact on its operations.
A hearing had originally been fixed for 31 May but has been adjourned.
Justice North ordered that Kogan by 13 July file and serve its defence and any cross-claim. The matter will be relisted for a case management hearing at a date to be fixed.
For the first time, the third night of Hanukkah will see a state event at the Western Wall devoted to the Holocaust survivors and their rebirth from darkness to light.
The event, sponsored by the Western Wall foundation and the Claims Conference, will be attended by hundreds of holocaust survivors and their families as well as representatives of assistance organizations for survivors and other visitors.
If you like the hustle and bustle of a modern city in the run-up to Christmas, but with all the attractions within walking distance of each other, then Nottingham is right up your street.
Hotels to meet every budget, bars, a plethora of ever-evolving restaurants catering for every cuisine and attractions for all ages and tastes, the choice is seemingly endless.
Plus, at this time of year, there is an endless selection of festive fun from an ice-rink at the heart of the city among the Winter Wonderland to a Christmas fairground, ski chalet bar and a huge amount of festive cheer and shopping choices.
Gone are previous misconceptions about the city, which greatly benefits from the redevelopment of the famed ‘Slab' Square, or Old Market Square, at its heart.
And because Nottingham is so compact, it has a great buzz and atmosphere as people scurry between the designer shops, independent retailers and eateries peppered everywhere.
During a recent visit to the city we enjoyed an overnight stay at the wonderful St James Hotel on Rutland Street.
The view from the balcony in Delilah
Having undergone a full redevelopment in 2014, it has a real boutique feel that is clear to all from the public areas, such as the sparkling and spacious reception with mirrored furniture.
You are immediately taken by the No 6 restaurant which is packed with books and artwork — and where you can enjoy a chance to relax in a comfy armchair with a cocktail from the extensive menu.
Rooms on offer include crash pads, classic rooms, executive rooms (our choice), four-poster rooms and even a penthouse.
Walkways on each of the floors have a decadent feel and that extended to our room, which was sumptuous and even had an extra seating area, plus a very comfortable super kingsize bed.
Cocktails at Revolucion De Cuba
Once checked in it was off into the city to sample some of the lunch delights offered by the deli Delilah.
The original Delilah opened in 2005 on Middle Pavement with a dream to provide a venue for artisan foods. But since then it has grown and now has a huge home on Victoria Street.
On the ground floor is a feast for the senses and tastebuds with everything from cheeses and olives to fine wines on sale.
There is also a coffee bar area where you can grab a relaxed mocha and a light lunch.
Upstairs, in what was a former HSBC bank, is the restaurant area, which offers a great people-spotting vantage point from the balcony overlooking the ‘shop floor'.
With such produce on offer, the menu had a lot to live up to — and it delivered in the shape of a European charcuterie platter of meats, breads and mustards — all complimented by a prosecco cocktail.
After a coffee and slice of salted caramel cake — plus a purchase of some tasty chutney — it was time to head off into the city to sample the Winter Wonderland on the Old Market Square, complete with bar, stalls and ice rink.
Time was flying by so it was back to the hotel before heading back out for pre-dinner cocktails at the brilliant Revolucion De Cuba on Market Street.
This cool venue has a real Latin feel and has everything covered from a Cuban feast to a drinks menu that whisks you away to Havana.
From the rum-based Coco Loco to the bacardi-based Cuba Libre and Pornstar Rumtini, everyone's tastebuds are catered for — a perfect start to the evening.
By now our stomachs were starting to rumble again and we decided to head off to sample the tastes, sights and sounds of one of the city's most innovative restaurants — Thai street food specialist Zaap on Bromley Place.
Now, I had heard about this place before and had a touch of scepticism about recreating Bangkok in the heart of the East Midlands.
But from the moment you walk through the door you feel thousands of miles away (see picture top left).
Neon signs hanging from the ceiling, bare-brick walls and rustic lights. The buzz is electric. Add to that our table was sited in an old tuk tuk — just metres from a train carriage!
The menu is also huge.
We sampled the Bangkok platter with dumplings, wontons and satay — followed by green and red curries that warmed the back of the throat. On top of that an excellent drinks menu, aromatic and punchy desserts — plus more cocktails — and the restaurant is a recipe for success.
By now it was time to hit the pillow back at the hotel. The next morning we opened the day with a wonderful St James breakfast — both continental and cooked.
A walk around the city, and a chance to check out Nottingham Castle was followed by lunch at the Slug and Lettuce in the Cornerhouse.
Fabulous fish and chips and delicious salads hit the spot — followed by a selection of mini decadent desserts.
To round off the weekend, we visited the National Videogames Arcade, which is set across several floors and takes you on a whirlwind tour of the history of gaming machines from the retro to the modern.
Everything from Sonic to Mario is covered and this Hockley site on Carlton Street is a must for fans of the pastime.
Nottingham certainly lived up to expectations.
For more information on the venues we visited, click on the links below:
St James' Hotel
Delilah
Revolucion De Cuba
Zaap
Slug and Lettuce
National Videogames Arcade
Bitcoin's rollercoaster ride has taken another plunge, and India may be to blame.
The price of bitcoin dropped below $8,000 on Friday before recovering slightly. It had slumped Thursday following a new broadside against cryptocurrencies from Indian Finance Minister Arun Jaitley.
By Saturday morning, the price of the cryptocurrency had rebounded to $9,239, according to Coindesk. That's still a far cry from the near $20,000 price it reached in December.
India will "take all measures to eliminate the use of these crypto assets in financing illegitimate activities or as part of the payment system," Jaitley said in his annual budget speech.
While India's cryptocurrency market is still relatively small, analysts say it has the potential to grow rapidly as bigger markets such as China and South Korea enact their own crackdowns.
Related: Samsung is cashing in on bitcoin mining
The Indian government has been cautioning its citizens about digital currencies for months. In late December, the finance ministry compared them to "Ponzi schemes." India's central bank has issued multiple warnings that cryptocurrencies have no official backing and people who trade in them do so "at their own risk."
Growing signs that the government and central bank could soon unveil regulations has made the industry jittery.
Indian banks have reportedly suspended accounts of top bitcoin exchanges like Zebpay, Unocoin and Coinsecure.
Unocoin said it had not faced any banking challenges, while Zebpay and Coinsecure did not respond to requests for comment. The banks either declined to comment or did not respond to requests for comment.
But a person with knowledge of the matter confirmed that at least one of Coinsecure's accounts had been suspended, telling CNNMoney that it was done as part of a "due diligence process."
Related: $530 million cryptocurrency heist may be the biggest ever
"These negative events play deeply into the fear factor of traders," Raj Chowdhury, CEO of cryptocurrency firm HashCash Consultants, told CNNMoney. HashCash provides remittance services and payment systems to banks and companies across dozens of countries, and also operates its own cryptocurrency exchange in India.
Chowdhury says India's moves to regulate cryptocurrencies are not surprising, given last year's epic surge of interest that boosted bitcoin to nearly $20,000 in December. The price has more than halved since then.
"Last year was a wild ride," he said. "This year it's gotten big enough for governments to pay attention."
India accounts for between 2% and 3% of global cryptocurrency trade, said Sathvik Vishwanath, CEO of Unocoin.
"India is comparatively a smaller market [when] compared to countries like Japan and the U.S.," Vishwanath told CNNMoney, but he added that "interest is picking up and there is tremendous scope going forward."
Related: Davos says bitcoin is not a currency
But traders are now worried that the government could nip India's crypto boom in the bud. Vishwanath said Unocoin users have been calling to get clarity on whether their money is in danger.
Harshvardhan Singh, who works at a startup near New Delhi, began trading in ethereum -- another virtual currency increasingly popular in India -- in May last year. He said he was "a little worried in the short run" after the government's recent statements and the resulting "bloodbath."
But like many others, Singh feels virtual currencies have become too big to fail.
Related: What is bitcoin?
"Blockchain and cryptocurrencies built on top of [it] are now part of this massive ecosystem which countries can't just afford to outlaw," he said.
Some industry figures agree.
"We are not worried," said Vishwanath, adding that he doubts the government will "take a knee-jerk reaction without proper analysis."
The government, on its part, has set up a committee to study cryptocurrencies. Jaitley said Thursday that it will await its report before taking any action. He also said India would look into using the underlying blockchain technology in its own digital payment systems.
Related: Facebook bans ads promoting cryptocurrencies
HashCash CEO Chowdhury said many in the industry may even welcome regulation.
"Last year it was the year of ignoring it, this year is the year of debating it," he added. "Next year will hopefully be the year of accepting it."
-- Vinayak Dewan contributed to this report
The-CNN-Wire
™ & © 2018 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
Trump on Macron: “We have a very special relationship, in fact I'll get that little piece of dandruff off…we have to make him perfect, he is perfect.” https://t.co/GGsfve3KYB pic.twitter.com/vzV2Dech86
— Dan Linden (@DanLinden) 24 April 2018
The United States Army's revised regulations now permit locks, ending years of scrutiny and enforcement of rules about black womens' appearance. Sgt. Maj. Anthony J. Moore of the Army's office of the deputy chief of staff for personnel said the new rules offered female soldiers another hairstyle option.
“We understood there was no need to differentiate between locks, cornrows or twists as long as they all met the same dimension,” he said, according to The Northwest Guardian, a publication of Joint Base Lewis-McChord in Washington State. “Females have been asking for a while, especially females of African-American descent, to be able to wear dreadlocks and locks because it's easier to maintain that hairstyle.”
The Army directive says that each lock, or dreadlock, “will be of uniform dimension; have a diameter no greater than a half-inch; and present a neat, professional and well-groomed appearance.”
The change was hailed as overdue by service members who said they had labored to stay in compliance under the old rules.
“For me, it wasn't just about hair,” she said. “I am completely against blind conformity, and I'm rebellious by nature,” said in a video posted to Facebook.
Thoughts?
Goal of the Week | Fan Nominations via Twitter
Lend your voice to the AT&T Goal of the Week nomination process. You can nominate a goal by sending a tweet using #ATTGOTW and the player's name. View all goal clips
Major business and economic events scheduled for Tuesday.
All times are Eastern.
WASHINGTON — Labor Department releases the Producer Price Index for November, 8:30 a.m.
WASHINGTON — Treasury releases federal budget for November, 2 p.m.
WASHINGTON — Federal Reserve policymakers begin a two-day meeting to set interest rates.
By Walter Mswazie
The contractor for the long-awaited Beitbridge-Harare-Chirundu highway dualisation project has started bringing in the machinery into the country paving way for the commencement of the $1.7 billion project.
Former President Robert Mugabe officially launched the start of work on the dualisation of the mega-project in May this year.
The highway is Zimbabwe's busiest and most economically significant.It is part of the North-South Corridor that directly links landlocked Zimbabwe and Zambia with access to the Indian Ocean ports of Durban and Richards Bay in South Africa.
The Minister of Transport and Infrastructure Development, Dr Joram Gumbo, said in an interview last Wednesday that Government had secured all the money required for the project.
He said the Austrian company, Geiger International, has completed surveying of the Beitbridge-Harare Road and identified places where it will set up the machinery.
“Everything pertaining to the dualisation project is working on smoothly. The contractor has started moving equipment into the country,” said Dr Gumbo.
He attributed the delay to the need to first register the company that is supposed to inject the funds with Geiger International.
“The project is now going on smoothly because we have signed some important agreements with the contractor. We had to address some modalities with the State Procurement Board and that has since been done,” said the minister.
“The financier of the project could not register their company with Geiger International to be able to send money into the country but that has been addressed.”
Dr Gumbo said the Ministry of Finance and Economic Development had its own problems, which also contributed to the delay but said that has since been sorted out.
“As I am speaking the company has moved all the money for Beitbridge-Harare dualisation project into the country and I can safely say the money is secure.”
“The company engineers have done the surveys of the road and where they will put their machinery. The company's base will be in Masvingo,” he said.
“The project will cost $1.7 billion and not the $2 billion as has been widely reported by the media.
“The Beitbridge-Harare highway dualisation will cost $998 million, which has come in the form of a loan payable over a period of 20 years through tollgates money.”
Dr Gumbo said the Harare ring road will cost $300 million and will be done by a Chinese company while the Harare-Chirundu stretch will cost $665 million.
This, he explained, was minus the $8 million secured from Japan.
“I do not know where the $2 billion is coming from,” he said.
Geiger International was awarded the tender for the 580-kilometre road last year. The project will be built under a Build-Operate-Transfer model.
The Government signed a memorandum of understanding for the contract with Geiger International (GI) in 2012 but the absence of a legal framework until 2016 delayed the deal. The Chronicle
Abortion may be one of the most politically charged issues in the world related to religion – but you'd never know it in Israel.... subscribe now to get the full story Subscribe Log in Haaretz unlimited. Only 1$ for the first month
I know firsthand that it's difficult to get a FISA warrant. From 2002 to 2005, when I was an F.B.I. agent conducting counterintelligence investigations in New York, my FISA applications went through many layers of approval and required very strong evidence. It was clear to me that the process was set up to protect against abuses of power.
This process has been in place for 40 years and the Republican Party has never meaningfully objected to it — until now. It's important to realize that it's not the FISA system itself that Republicans believe is the problem, but the people involved. That's a complaint they share with progressives.
In criticizing the FISA process, the left has not focused so much on fixing procedural loopholes that officials in the executive branch might exploit to maximize their legal authority. Progressives are not asking courts to raise the probable cause standard, or petitioning Congress to add more reporting requirements for the F.B.I. Instead, progressives complain that law enforcement officials, along with judges, will always act in bad faith and try to circumvent the law altogether — and that's why the FISA process can't be trusted.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Sign Up for the Opinion Today Newsletter Every weekday, get thought-provoking commentary from Op-Ed columnists, the Times editorial board and contributing writers from around the world. Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The most popular example of this critique, particularly since the Sept. 11 attacks, centers on the number of FISA applications the court turns down, which is almost zero. In other words, if an F.B.I. agent submits a petition to the FISA court, it is extremely likely to be approved. Based on this, privacy advocates conclude that the court is effectively a rubber stamp, allowing the F.B.I. to get away with applications for surveillance that have no real legal basis.
In other words, the prevailing narrative of FISA hasn't been just that it's an imperfect system, but that those acting within it routinely lie to the court and that judges can't be trusted to do their job.
The right has seized on the claim, made in the Nunes memo, that F.B.I. and Justice Department officials hoodwinked the FISA court with false evidence and that the federal judge approving it didn't bother to dig deeper. In doing so, it has simply co-opted the left's position on FISA: Don't bother to have faith in the process, because the rule of law has no meaning even to those who are sworn to uphold it.
The assumption that everyone in government is a bad actor imperils our democracy. Following this logic, no set of rules or checks could ever produce a fair result, because no one can be trusted. That means any investigation, or its conclusions, are always illegitimate.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
We are a nation founded on distrust of government power, and questioning that power is essential to promoting transparency and accountability. But those questions ought to leave room for the assumption — in the absence of specific evidence to the contrary — that most government servants are ultimately acting in good faith and within the constraints of the law.
This is particularly true in the FISA context. It was, after all, the F.B.I.'s rigid adherence to FISA protocol which prevented it from sharing intelligence among its own agents, leading to the failures of the Sept. 11th attacks.
And on that high rate of approval by the FISA court? When Timothy Edgar was a lawyer at the A.C.L.U., he was among those criticizing the FISA process as a “rubber stamp.” But when he became a senior official in the office of the director of national intelligence and witnessed the intensive vetting process firsthand, he retracted his characterization.
We don't know whether the memo's allegations of abuse can be verified. It's worth noting, however, that Barack Obama's final year in office saw the highest number of rejected and modified FISA applications in history. This suggests that FISA applications in 2016 received more scrutiny than ever before.
Unfortunately, because FISA's critics — from the left, and now on the right — have primed the public to distrust the people involved, the damage has already been done.
By Benjamin Manzini
When we read of criminal syndicates of the western world, we always envision Al Capone and the Italian Mafia as the apex of organised crime.
In Zimbabwe, the mafia is our inept selfish government that thrives on exorbitant unjustifiable expenses on what they term the best intentions for the nation.
Recently, the Zimbabwe Airways' Boeing 777-200ER was removed from the Robert Gabriel Mugabe International Airport apron due to costly parking fees in excess of 50 000 per week, and towed to the Air Zimbabwe hangar.
This measure seemed very noble to the hardworking taxpayer although I question the decision to purchase that venerable aircraft in the first place.
At the back of my mind, I still await a light bulb moment on how to uncover the larceny behind this contrived endeavour. This time around, the said aircraft has been flown all the way to the Far East for repairs.
In an earlier piece, I indicated that the aircraft must go through a systematic series of checks categorised as A, B, C and D checks.
For this aircraft which has been flown to Malaysia, from where it was acquired, for a mere A check, something engineers at South African Airways (SAA) Technical could take care of in a minimal 10 hours overnight in their huge 85 000 square-metre hangar space.
A check is a maintenance check conducted by an airline every 400-600 flight hours or 200-300 cycles of take off and landing and can be completed in a day or two at an airport hangar.
It needs about 50-70 manhours with a minimum if 10 hours or overnight in a hangar.
Now, if government, who now own this aircraft under the Zimbabwe Aviation Leasing Company (ZALC), was smart enough to be economical and implement austerity measures to benefit the government and its people, our Finance minister should have read the riot act to the Transport ministry.
I have never studied economics but as a mere aviator, I comprehend the basics of how an airline is run due to exposure to working for larger, more financially sound global air carriers.
A major US airline that flies the newer Boeing 777-200 LR (long range) to Johannesburg on their daily service would have its aircraft serviced in the South African commercial capital in the case of technical faults.
It defies logic why Zimbabwe Airways would have to hire an entire crew to fly to Malaysia a good nine-hour plus flight for a mere A check for an aircraft that flew one way to Harare from Kuala Lumpur and was parked at the apron?
Getting one of our regional neighbours who operate the same aircraft or have engineers who are trained and rated on the 777 to perform this mere equivalent of an oil change may have been the cheaper option if austerity was prioritised, but this check was not necessary for this aircraft as it has not flown a day since its arrival.
Zim Airways will never be a profitable entity. For instance, I have flown Air Zimbabwe (Air Zim) to Johannesburg and we fail to fill that 767 but when I fly SAA or BA on the smaller 737 they are full to capacity for they utilise smaller more fuel-efficient aircraft.
If our government was serious about making this work, they would abandon this project and focus on privatising Air Zim and bringing in more competent players with the knowledge of how an airline is run to take over.
The current scenario appears to be another thieving scheme that will use this white elephant that will only be able to fly commercially when pigs grow wings.DailyNews
(AP Photo/Jeff Roberson, File). FILE - In this May 17, 2018 file photo, Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens looks on before speaking at an event near the capitol in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens, a sometimes brash outsider whose unconventional resume as a Rhode...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens leaves the podium after announcing his resignation at a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens resigned amid a wide...
(Julie Smith/The Jefferson City News-Tribune via AP). Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens reads from a prepared statement as he announces his resignation during a news conference, Tuesday, May 29, 2018, at the state Capitol, in Jefferson City, Mo. Greitens res...
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. (AP) - The Latest on the resignation of Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens (all times local):
1 p.m.
A St. Louis judge has agreed to dismiss a felony computer data tampering case against Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens.
Circuit Judge Rex Burlison on Wednesday approved an agreement reached by Greitens' attorneys and the St. Louis circuit attorney's office. Greitens announced his resignation on Tuesday. It is effective 5 p.m. Friday.
The dismissal agreement has seven stipulations, two of which are sealed and unavailable to the public. One of the open stipulations states that Greitens has agreed to release Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner and everyone in her office from civil liability.
Greitens also was indicted in February on invasion of privacy stemming from an alleged affair with his St. Louis hairdresser in 2015. The charge was dropped earlier this month. A special prosecutor is deciding whether to refile that case.
___
12:35 p.m.
A county judge ordered attorneys to preserve data from phones targeted in an investigation into a text-deleting phone app used by Gov. Eric Greitens and some of his staff.
Circuit Judge Jon Beetem on Wednesday ordered Robert Thompson, who is representing Greitens' office, to compile a list of those who used the Confide app, along with the telephone numbers they used.
Attorney Mark Pedroli filed a lawsuit contending Greitens and his top staff violated the state's open records laws by using the app.
The Columbia Daily Tribune reports Beetem's ordered Pedroli and Thompson to present draft lists of the data on the phones by the end of the day.
Thompson had filed a motion seeking time to confer with Lt. Gov. Mike Parson about whether to continue to defend the case after Parson becomes governor Friday.
___
This story corrects the spelling of Greitens in one reference.
___
12:10 p.m.
A spokeswoman for St. Louis' top prosecutor says the office agreed to drop a computer tampering charge against Gov. Eric Greitens after his attorneys suggested he would resign if the case was dismissed.
Susan Ryan, a spokeswoman for Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner, told The Associated Press that defense attorneys approached the office and Gardner agreed to their proposal.
Defense attorney Jim Martin acknowledged reaching out to Gardner to resolve the issue but added, "I don't think that's exactly the full play." He didn't elaborate.
Martin says he expects a felony invasion of privacy charge against Greitens will be resolved soon as well. A special prosecutor is weighing whether to refile that charge.
___
This item corrects that Gardner agreed to the defense proposal.
___
11:30 a.m.
Defense attorney Jim Martin says he's happy "we've eliminated the issue" of the computer tampering charge against departing Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens.
St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner announced Wednesday that she's dropping that charge against Greitens. A special prosecutor is considering whether to refile an invasion of privacy charge against him. Martin says he thinks "we'll resolve that soon" but would not elaborate.
Martin says "it's now time to leave the governor alone and let him and his family heal."
___
11:20 a.m.
St. Louis' top prosecutor is pushing back against Gov. Eric Greitens' past statements that the charges she initially filed against him were part of a coordinated "witch hunt."
St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner announced Wednesday that she's dropping the computer tampering charge against Greitens, who is resigning on Friday. A special prosecutor is weighing whether to refile another criminal charge against him.
Gardner says she made the agreement to dismiss the computer charge after conversations with Greitens' attorneys. She says there was enough evidence to bring the charge but that if he were convicted, it's unlikely Greitens would have served any jail time due to his status as a first-time offender.
As for Greitens allegations of a witch hunt, Gardner said she rejects his "shameful personal attacks" and "dangerous and false rhetoric about the criminal justice system and the rule of law."
___
11:05 a.m.
Missouri's top legislative leaders are meeting with Lt. Gov. Mike Parson to plan the transition in power when Gov. Eric Greitens resigns.
Parson met Wednesday with House Speaker Todd Richardson, Senate President Pro Tem Ron Richard and Senate Majority Leader Mike Kehoe.
The lawmakers said they have invited Parson to deliver a speech to a joint session of the Legislature in the coming weeks.
Greitens announced Tuesday that he was resigning Friday instead of continuing to fight a criminal charge and potential impeachment proceedings over alleged sexual misconduct and campaign finance violations.
Among those meeting Wednesday with Parson was Sarah Steelman, Greitens' administration commissioner. Parson also was receiving enhanced security that is supplied to incoming governors.
___
10:40 a.m.
The prosecutor's office in St. Louis will drop a felony charge of computer data tampering against Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens, now that the Republican governor has announced his resignation.
St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner announced the decision Wednesday, a day after Greitens' surprise announcement that he would step down effective Friday afternoon.
The charge, filed in April following an investigation by the Missouri attorney general's office, accused Greitens of using a donor list from the veterans charity he founded, The Mission Continues, for his 2016 gubernatorial campaign.
Greitens also was indicted on felony invasion of privacy in February in St. Louis, stemming from an extramarital affair in 2015. The case was dismissed earlier this month and a special prosecutor in Jackson County is still considering whether to refile the charge.
___
This story has been corrected to reflect the charity's name as The Mission Continues.
___
9 a.m.
St. Louis Circuit Attorney Kim Gardner is planning to explain the resolution of criminal charges against Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens.
Gardner's news conference is scheduled for 10:30 a.m. Wednesday.
She said Tuesday that her office has reached a "fair and just resolution" on charges of tampering with a computer against Greitens.
Greitens announced the same day that he is resigning as governor, effective Friday.
A felony indictment in February accused Greitens of taking an unauthorized and compromising photo of a St. Louis woman during an extramarital affair in 2015.
The charge was dropped earlier this month, but Jackson County prosecutor Jean Peters Baker was appointed special prosecutor to consider whether to refile it.
Baker said in a statement that the investigation is ongoing.
___
8:30 a.m.
On a dreary overcast day, Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens stood in a light rain near the Governor's Mansion and recounted his grueling training as a Navy SEAL officer to suggest he would never quit fighting allegations of sexual misconduct and campaign finance violations.
Less than two weeks later, Greitens announced Tuesday that he is quitting with his mission incomplete.
Greitens' departure will become official at 5 p.m. Friday - marking a stunning political defeat for the 44-year-old, self-made warrior-philosopher who had aspirations of someday becoming president.
For those fellow Republicans who had strenuously urged his resignation, Greitens' exit provides the divided party a chance to reunify at the start of a summer campaign season in which it's seeking to unseat Democratic U.S. Sen. Claire McCaskill.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
On behalf of library employee Nancy Davis, the Farmville Public library staff is collecting personal care items for patients in UVA and Lynchburg Cancer Treatment Centers. They are asking patrons to donate the following items; hand sanitizer, tissues, unscented lotions, pens & word searches, tote bags, makeup bags, lip balms and other small items to make their day special. You can drop off donations to the circulation desk or the plastic tote on the main floor of the library. Nancy is starting a “Give Back” campaign to honor those who have given so generously toward her family while her mother is in treatment for a rare form of cancer. She is very grateful and wishes to pay it forward by collecting and distributing small bags filled with items that every cancer sufferer can use or gift them small tokens to help lift their spirits. This is just a small part of what the Library does as a part of our community outreach programs.
This week, a top NFL prospect angered some Browns fans by clamoring to play for another team. Texas A&M defensive end Myles Garrett is considered a likely No. 1 pick in Aprils' NFL draft – a pick owned by the Browns.
In an ESPN video, Garrett pleaded with Dallas Cowboys owner Jerry Jones to make a trade for him. He later said he was joking. WKSU commentator Terry Pluto talks to Amanda Rabinowitz about why the NFL has a draft.
Terry Pluto talks about Myles Garrett's joke and the reason for the NFL draft
Pluto says drafts are unique to sports.
"Suppose Myles Garrett were considered the top law student coming out of Harvard," Pluto says. "He wouldn't go into a draft. He would be sorting through offers from New York, Dallas and Los Angeles and anywhere else he would want to go. And then he would pick. He is not picked."
Why have the draft?
"If he gets drafted by the Browns or the Bears, too bad, he better pack a warm coat."
Pluto says the drafts has been around in the NFL since 1936 and in the NBA since 1947.
"Then, when players organized and had a union, it's always been worked in as part of a way to do business and giving them the NFL and they get pension funds, things like that."
"They didn't want to have a bidding war for these kids coming out of college. So the teams collectively came together and said, 'This is how we're going to do it.' And they set rules that say, 'If you're picked by the Steelers in the third round, you have one choice to play in the NFL. It's the Steelers or it's nothing.'"
Pluto says without the draft, it would be a Wild West.
"It'd be great for Myles Garrett and great for the sport's attorneys because they would have a bidding war with all these teams. It would be the ultimate form of free agency."
Baseball's road to the draft
Pluto says Major League Baseball was the last sport to bring in a draft for amateur players, in 1965.
"The Yankees were so powerful in the '40's, '50's, early '60's before the draft. They were in New York and making the most money. So, if there was a really good player, the teams would come in and it was a free agency bid. But the Yankees always outbid everybody."
"I'm not surprised Myles Garrett would rather play in Dallas and if he were in just about any other endeavor other than athletics, he could. I'm glad sports isn't that way because everybody would play in Dallas or New York and nobody would be playing in Cleveland."
"Football is outside, Garrett wants to play in warm weather, but if he gets drafted by the Browns or the Bears, too bad, he better pack a warm coat."
OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) — Chesapeake Energy Corp. has announced the layoffs of about 400 employees, the vast majority at its headquarters in Oklahoma City.
The layoffs were announced Tuesday in an email to employees from Chesapeake CEO Doug Lawler.
Lawler says the layoffs are part of the company's continuing effort to "structure and position" itself for success.
The layoffs include about 330 employees in Oklahoma City. The remainder will be at company field offices in Louisiana, Ohio, Texas, Pennsylvania and Wyoming. That accounts for about 13 percent of the company's workforce.
The job cuts leave Chesapeake with a total of about 2,900 employees. About 1,800 of them are in Oklahoma City.
Lawler's email says employees affected by the layoffs will receive undisclosed assistance in "their personal and career transition."
FS: Stiller Spectre S/A $975 shipped
My asking price for the Spectre Action to your FFL is $975 shipped. Will be shipped via USPS flat rate priority mail. ​
​ I have a Stiller Spectre S/A w/ 308 boltface for sale. The action had a Benchmark 243 barrel on it for 50 rounds. Comes with the integral 20moa rail as well as the pinned recoil lug from Stiller. Action and bolt lugs have copper anti-seize coated on them and can be removed easily. Barrel was taken off and put on another action with the intention of making this a 6.5 Creedmoor. Barrel install and takeoff were done by Benchmark Barrels. I ended up buying an AIAE in 6.5 Creed so I have no use for this action.My asking price for the Spectre Action to your FFL isshipped. Will be shipped via USPS flat rate priority mail.
So, when Offred reveals that Cushing wants to know who facilitated her escape — and that Ofglen's commander and his family have been executed for her crime — Serena understands that her own life is in danger. Canny as ever, she and Nick draw up a warrant for Cushing's arrest, on behalf of Waterford. In the final moments of the episode, Serena enlists Offred's help in editing more official documents. A turning point in their relationship, it also marks the first time Offred has done skilled work, or maybe even held a pen, since she was still June.
It isn't June's only victory over Offred this week. Pleasantly surprised to see Emily (a.k.a. Ofglen No. 1) back at market — and haunted by the realization that she never knew Ofglen No. 2's name — she tells her old confidante, “My name is June.” When another handmaid overhears them, Offred repeats her real name to that woman. Suddenly, a shop full of women in red who have, in many cases, known each other for months or even years are meeting for the first time.
Rendered in slow motion and scored by soaring strings, the scene implies that this quiet act of resistance is every bit as crucial as the bombing. The handmaids are, in effect, giving each other access to the people they were before Gilead. Even more important, they're establishing a way to trace each other as they're relocated from home to home, changing names with each move.
The scenes in Canada, where Moira spends hours searching photos of unidentified dead for her fiancée, and where it takes days to establish the identities of the handmaids who perished at Rachel and Leah, underline the importance of permanent names. They are a human right so basic that we rarely think of them as such. In this sense, the show's writers seem to be drawing a parallel between the handmaids' predicament and American slavery, which destroyed families of African origin, in part, by robbing them of their original names. (As always, on a series whose post-racial vision of dystopia is naïve at best, this unstated connection between black slaves and the multicultural casualties of totalitarianism comes across as both poignant and slightly tone-deaf.)
Last week, I wondered if the bombing would make things better or worse for the oppressed people of Gilead. To its credit, “The Handmaid's Tale” envisions a more complicated outcome. Commanders die, but so do innocent people. Fallen handmaids return from the Colonies, where they're given one more shot at making sexual slavery work. A more brutal leader replaces Pryce, but his ascendance radicalizes Serena.
Authorities are striving to keep safe the expected one million visitors in the area for the championship game.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The Pentagon has ordered an independent federal auditor to stop providing the public with key information about U.S. war efforts in Afghanistan, accelerating a clampdown on data, such as the size of the Afghan military and police forces, that indicate how the 16-year-old stalemated war is going.
The crackdown on information comes just months after President Donald Trump announced a new Afghanistan strategy aimed at breaking a battlefield stalemate by accelerating Afghan-led operations against the Taliban and other insurgent groups in the country. Trump on Monday railed against the recent string of attacks in Afghanistan, and ruled out any U.S. discussions with the Taliban as part of the effort to seek peace talks between the Afghan government and the insurgents.
The auditing agency, established by Congress and known as the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction, or SIGAR, revealed the new gag order in its latest three-month assessment of conditions in Afghanistan. The restrictions fly in the face of Pentagon assertions over the past year that it was striving to be more transparent about the U.S. war campaigns across Iraq, Syria and Afghanistan.
Over the years, the SIGAR auditing effort has revealed many dubious practices by the U.S., including instances of contractor fraud. Since January 2016 it had published data on the number of governing districts controlled by Kabul, the number controlled by the Taliban, and the number that are contested.
John F. Sopko, head of the auditing organization, expressed disappointment that the Pentagon had forbidden release of the data on relative control of the governing districts.
"This development is troubling for a number of reasons, not least of which is that this is the first time SIGAR has been specifically instructed not to release information marked 'unclassified' to the American taxpayer," Sopko wrote.
"Aside from that, the number of districts controlled or influenced by the Afghan government had been one of the last remaining publicly available indicators for members of Congress — many of whose staff do not have access to the classified annexes to SIGAR reports_and for the American public of how the 16-year-long U.S. effort to secure Afghanistan is faring," he added.
In response, the Pentagon said the U.S.-led coalition of NATO and allied nations in Afghanistan made the decision to restrict the public release of the information.
The Defense Department told SIGAR this month that it doesn't "have the authority to overrule the classification determination made by NATO Resolute Support," said Lt. Col. Michael Andrews. He said that similar information was included in the department's December 2017 semi-annual report to Congress, and the Pentagon encouraged SIGAR to use that data.
The Defense Department report said the Afghan government has control or influence over 60 percent of the population, while insurgents had control or influence over approximately 10 percent of the population, with the remainder contested.
In November, Gen. John Nicholson described the Afghan government control during remarks to reporters at the Pentagon. He said it remained "roughly the same" as in 2016. "About 64 percent of the population is controlled by the government, about 24 percent live in contested areas, and the Taliban control the remaining 12 percent," he said. He did not reveal the number of districts held by each side.
Sopko wrote that historically, the number of districts controlled or influenced by the government has been falling since his office began reporting on it, while the number controlled or influenced by the insurgents has been rising — "a fact that should cause even more concern about its disappearance from public disclosure and discussion."
The war effort has sometimes faded from U.S. public attention, even though the U.S. has invested about $120 billion in reconstructing Afghanistan since 2002.
Sopko said in his report that the Pentagon also classified or otherwise restricted information that his organization had previously reported publicly, including such "fundamental metrics" of the Afghan military and police performance as Afghan casualty figures and most measurements of the battlefield capabilities of the Afghans military.
Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu is scheduled to hold a meeting with Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipris and Greek Cypriot President Nicos Anastasiades in Thessaloniki on Thursday.
The meeting will deal with promoting the agreement to transport Israeli gas to Europe via Cyprus and Greece, and other joint projects.
Three Billionaire Amigos Aim To Disrupt Health Care
Three guys walk into a bar. They're Warren Buffett, Amazon.com's Jeff Bezos and JPMorgan Chase's Jamie Dimon. They decide to transform the American health care system.
That's probably not how these three men decided to form a new company to address health care costs for their U.S. employees, and possibly for many more Americans. The three companies, with a combined market cap of $1.62 trillion, did not provide details of how the collaboration between their CEOs came about. And while their announcement Tuesday didn't include many specifics, based on their very different business backgrounds it's possible to see what each might bring to the table.
Bezos, 54, runs one of the world's biggest retail operations and by some measurement he's now the wealthiest person on the planet. Amazon grew from a book retailer into one of the world's most valuable companies in part because it's extremely skilled in distributing products. It's long been willing to lose money in order to offer customers lower prices than its competitors can bear -- and in the process gain a loyal customer base. That's what millions of Prime members love about it.
Amazon has never been consistent at turning profits because of its focus on sales growth. That's what many investors fear about it. Investors in health care have long thought Amazon was going to get into that field and force companies that make and distribute medications or medical devices to drastically lower their prices.
When the three companies said they want to create a partnership "free from profit-making incentives and constrains," Amazon would seem to be the blueprint.
By contrast, few associate fears with Buffett, the 87-year-old "Oracle of Omaha." He's respected for his 70 years of successful investing, beloved by many for giving billions to charity -- he has said he plans to give away at least half his fortune -- and appreciated for a common touch that includes a prodigious Coca-Cola habit and a love of junk food, along with his personal frugality. But most significant in this context is that his company, Berkshire Hathaway, owns a number of insurers including GEICO. That means he brings a lot of experience in evaluating and insuring risks.
And he's a longtime critic of the health care system. Tuesday was not the first time Buffett had talked about growing health care costs as a "tapeworm" that harms the growth of the American economy.
Dimon, 61, is the head of the largest U.S. bank in terms of both assets and deposits. If that weren't enough to get him entry into the conversation, JPMorgan Chase just received a big tax cut. Dimon himself earned a lot of respect for his handling of the 2008-09 financial crisis. Unlike many of its competitors, JPMorgan Chase didn't have to be bailed out by taxpayers as a result of its bad bets on mortgage-backed securities.
That doesn't mean he's exactly beloved: Like its rivals, the bank did pay billions to settle allegations surrounding its sales of mortgage-backed securities prior to the crisis. He's also known for speaking his mind in blunt terms. In July, he complained about politicians arguing about "stupid (expletive)" instead of solving problems.
The companies said their project will focus on technology that provides simplified and transparent care. Based on the executives who have been named to top roles at the new company, Jefferies & Co. analyst Brian Tanquilut said there is a good chance it will eventually try to negotiate prices directly with health care providers like hospitals, bypassing companies that act as middlemen. That could reduce costs in the medical and pharmaceutical supply chains.
"The initial plan for the new entity will be on partnering with and/or acquiring various consumer-orientated health care technology capabilities (i.e. a venture capital strategy) and eventually using them to influence and incentivize health care cost-reducing behavior," he said, basing his speculation on the executives picked to shepherd the new company along.
Whatever the new company's scope, investors in health care companies were deeply concerned: On Tuesday health insurer Cigna dropped 7.2 percent, biotech drugmaker AbbVie fell 5.3 percent, and drugstore chain-pharmacy benefits manager CVS Health lost 4.1 percent as the sector took broad losses.
© 2018 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock/Artist's concept.
Atlanta Braves starting pitcher Julio Teheran (49) throws during the second inning of a baseball game against the Washington Nationals at Nationals Park, Wednesday, June 14, 2017, in Washington.(AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster)
WASHINGTON (AP) -- Kurt Suzuki homered, Julio Teheran earned his third consecutive victory and the Atlanta Braves defeated the Washington Nationals 13-2 on Wednesday to earn a rare series victory on the road against their NL East rival.
Brandon Phillips had four hits and three RBIs for the Braves, who had dropped seven consecutive road series against the Nationals and had lost 23 of their last 25 games in Washington before taking two of three this week.
Braves outfielder Matt Kemp left the game in the third inning after suffering an apparent leg injury while sliding into third base.
Atlanta was in control from the start against Washington starter Tanner Roark (6-4), who gave up two runs before he recorded an out and three total in the first inning.
The Braves would add three more in the third, with Nick Markakis scoring from third after Nationals catcher Jose Lobaton's pickoff attempt of Kemp caught first baseman Ryan Zimmerman off guard and sailed into right field. Kemp was thrown out and injured at third on the play.
After a walk to Matt Adams, Suzuki hit his fourth home run of the season to make it 6-2.
Teheran (6-4) yielded a two-run homer to Brian Goodwin in the second inning, but otherwise encountered little difficulty. He matched a season-high with seven innings, allowing six hits and one walk while striking out three against a lineup that did not include resting regulars Anthony Rendon and Matt Wieters. He did not allow a runner past second base after Goodwin's home run.
The Braves scored six runs in the seventh against Washington's struggling bullpen to seal it. It was Atlanta's first series victory at Washington since taking two during a three-game set April 4-6, 2014.
Roark absorbed his second consecutive loss, surrendering nine hits while matching a season-high with seven runs allowed over five innings.
TRAINER'S ROOM
Braves: The team announced INF Adonis Garcia underwent surgery Monday to repair ligament damage in his left ring finger. Garcia, who is hitting .247 with four homers and 16 RBIs, went on the DL June 7 and is expected to miss about two months.
Nationals: OF Chris Heisey, on the DL since May 24 with a ruptured right biceps, will not join the team on its trip to New York and Miami. ''He's not close, I don't think,'' manager Dusty Baker said. ''He's not as close as he thought he was a couple weeks ago. That injury is a lot more serious than he and we thought it was.''
UP NEXT
Braves: Rookie LHP Sean Newcomb (0-1, 0.00) makes his second start as Atlanta opens a weekend series with Miami at home Friday.
Nationals: LHP Gio Gonzalez (5-1, 2.91) seeks his third win in his last four starts as Washington begins a four-game series against the Mets.
---
More AP baseball: https://apnews.com/tag/MLBbaseball
Silk Road To Germany: New Molotov-Ribbentrop-Mao Pact
By Jim Jones
There has been a changing of the guard in world hegemony that has been underway for the last decade; it has been clandestine as befits the scenario, least it is exposed before the trap is sprung. To understand what is happening, one needs to step back in time and follow the leads that have been given by the various players.
The players in this game of world one-upmanship chess are; Germany, Russia and China. It would be easy to say that three more unlikely bed mates would be harder to find; at first superficial glance this may well be so. Germany and Russia hardly have had the best of relationships over the last 200 years and China may well be perceived as a major threat to Russia in the Far East. But if we examine the strategic benefits of such an alliance, we see major benefits to the parties.
Germany has been the powerhouse of Europe; it has born the brunt of the expenses of the EU and reaped little of the benefits - save massive problems with Arab terrorgees. The EU has used Germany as a cash-cow and relied on Germany's political clout to give the EU standing in the international arena. Germany has a very run down military - some 180,000 strong standing Armies with about 145,00 in reserves; a veritable shadow of the military might it used to have even to 15 years ago. Germany would have no chance of stopping Russia in an armed conflict [arguably even with NATO support] and quite logically cannot see any benefit to be had in trying to re-arm to catch up to Russia; it won't happen! [Recall the saying - "if you can't beat them, join them"]. Trump has signalled that NATO now needs to take more responsibility for their own affairs and America is going to look after itself first [which is no different than they have always done, except now they are openly saying it]. Comments like that sent shivers through Europe. The cold reality of Realpolitik hit home. In this regard, don't think that Germany is alone in looking over their shoulder; there are several other EU/NATO countries seriously re-evaluating their allegiances. The Poles and sprats of the Baltics are vociferous in their condemnation of the bear but voice such remarks out of ignorance and extreme short-sightedness. Their anti Russian rhetoric is used to buoy each other up while they take turns at poking the bear with a stick.
Germany on the other hand has taken a very pragmatic view of the changing world dominance. Probably around 15 years ago, they realised that their market potential lay in the East and that the US would thwart them in Europe with the aggressive and anti-competitive nature of US politics merged into commerce. [The recent "Free Trade Agreement" was yet another attempt by the US to stifle European markets]. Russia was [is] a virgin market and with the connections in the CIS, making it an extremely attractive bed fellow for German industry. German industry started the Eastward encroachment. Joint ventures were entered into, Germans invested in Russia and Russia reciprocated in kind and in spirit. It would be fair to say that Tsar Putin has a "soft spot" for Germany having spent a great deal of his time in East Germany and is also fluent in German. Putin is a pragmatist and sees the benefits of co-operation with Germany. Russia has a huge reserve of natural resources and man-power, just the thing German industry needs for its industrial growth. [Further East sits a huge developing market].
China on the other hand, while it has a huge potential market, it also has a need for high tech industry for its huge industrial base. Already, there is cross-fertilisation between high tech industry in Germany and China; there is the development of state-of-the-art jet turbines underway between the two nations and other projects of similar hue. The West has what China needs to develop; technology and resources. The Russia/China gas pipeline is the first major project of which I predict will be many more that link Russia to the East. I can envisage the three nations combining to develop a new high speed rail link from Vladivostok to Berlin/Hamburg. Such a concept has been the aim of China for many years - this single belt/one way Silk Road.
The sheer size of the new market will like a magnet, drawing others into it. I can see that Turkey, Iran/Iraq/Pakistan/Afghanistan [once the US is out of it], states of the Caucusus, Hungary, Czech Republic will all end up being involved. Ukraine will finally get rid of the US yoke and the remains of the Colour Revolution and join forming the link to by-pass the Poles. The size of the market and possibilities may well be too much for India to ignore and seeing a pear rather than a lemon, decide that it is best to join the club. This association of markets makes the TTPA look rather endemic.
The Anglo-Saxon world stranglehold will be broken, they and their vassal states will be left to ponder the demise of an empire. Vassal states and fringe states, Sweden, Denmark, Finland, Belgium, Holland [France - or are the Frogs once again going to be Gaelic?], Greece, Italy and Spain will be left to test their loyalties.
Turkey, that strategic gem in NATO has serious issues with the US - Erdoğan has called the US the single biggest threat to Turkey [22 April 2018] saying that the US is supporting terrorists on Turkey's border; will not sell to Turkey weapons but freely gives the terrorists weapons - 5,000 US trucks with weapons recently passed the northern Iraqi border. See how Turkey is positioning itself to exit NATO; currently they are calling for peace with Greece - secure that threat; they are buying Russian S 400 system so that they can have an effective AD against NATO - otherwise NATO would block any AD that Turkey had as it is all NATO/US operated. Yanks are being kicked out of the NATO airbase in Turkey. The "soft underbelly" of Europe [and the threat to the Silk Road] is crumbling.
Of course for all this to happen, the US dollar needs to be broken; it is the dollar that makes the US military so strong. We see the process of de-dollarizing the world already underway. Earlier attempts at it were mercilessly crushed by the US and NATO puppet, as Iraq and Libya fell. But Russia's support and intervention in Syria has proven to be a game breaker. China has joined in an asymmetrical attack on the Dollar and little countries like Venezuela are now emboldened to denounce the dollar for trade. Several countries are now using national currencies in trade swaps. SWIFT has declared that it will not cut Russia off regardless of pressure from the US. [Incidentally, Tsar Putin said that IF Russia was cut off from SWIFT it would mean war]. The rot has begun.
OK, I realise that some of you will be no doubt thinking that I may have had a tad too much of the wacky backy - but I assure you that I have not touched it and I am actually quite sane and balanced. Let me run over some recent history for you, which I believe supports my hypothesis.
Germany has huge amounts of Deutschmarks still squirreled away; huge amounts. Nostalgia is put forth as the reason for holding them but why would they spend large sums of Euro's just to hold onto and carefully store their Deutschmarks just for nostalgic reasons? It doesn't make economic sense and the Germans are quite analytical in matters like this. I say the Deutschmarks are held for when they finally ditch the Euro and join the Eastern Corridor.
The Yanks have had wind of this for quite some time and their spoofs in the CIA went about wiretapping Angela Merkel's private telephone in order to get more information on the degree of planning and the likely timing. Obviously Germany pulling out of the EU/NATO would have a major effect on the EU and most likely spell the end of NATO; both scenarios would not be in the Yanks interest. You recall, the Yanks were caught and it produced a serious rift between Germany and the US. Obummer even apologised.
Germany asked for the repatriation of all of its gold held in the US only to have the request denied. Many theorised [including myself] that it was because the Fed Reserve actually didn't have the gold. But what do you suppose the reason was for asking for the repatriation in the first place? - Surely it was to back the Deutschmark once Germany dropped the Euro? Why would the Yanks refuse to deliver them their gold? - to stop the process of divorce!
The recent illegal US sanctions [aimed at Russia] were supposed to be a salutary reminder to Russia that they cannot meddle in international affairs without the consent of the US. How dare Russia undermine the US attempt to steal the Naval base at Crimea. However, consider who has really suffered as a result of the sanctions - those EU countries that were leaning to the East. Germany was a major loser and very recently Angela Merkel has petitioned Donald Trump to lift Germany from the burden of the sanctions because they are crippling Germany. Now, do you think this crippling effect on Germany was a coincidence? I don't!
The majority of Germans do not want enmity with Russia but seek closer co-operation. This is reflected in all recent opinion polls and the industrial leaders of Germany have been pushing closer ties with Russia since the start of the illegal US sanctions. Merkel can read the polls and she has a very shaky coalition majority. She is also astute - she will lead Germany out of the EU/NATO.
Germany has suffered the influx of the terrorgees; these animals who have fled the Middle East, most are illiterate, many are fundamentalist Muslims and most seem to find great joy and excitement raping German women and stealing from German stores. Germany sees these are part and parcel of the US/EU policies forced on Germany.
Germany has opposed the US with the Nord Stream - gas pipeline bypassing Ukraine. This is serious rapprochement with Russia - I don't care how you want to dress it up. Germany has thumbed its nose not only to the US but also the EU! The North Stream may well be the Rubicon for divorce.
Germany has been "instrumental" in assisting Russia to "freeze" the situation in the Donbas. Merkel has been the one who has behind the scenes played an important role in implementing Tsar Putin's plan for Ukraine. While seeming to play the Star Spangled Banner, she has been humming the Volga Boatmen.
Consider now, very recent events - The ridiculous incident of the Skripal poisoning. Germany was one of the nations who didn't immediately back the UK claims and said that there needs to be evidence provided. Other UK/US vassals immediately joined the orchestra and sang the same song as the UK, but Germany didn't. That was a major diplomatic slap.
Join the related event in Syria - the staged gas attack in Douma - again Germany didn't immediately condemn and when the unholy Alliance decided on an attack - Germany didn't participate - you can be sure they were under considerable pressure to join the party. "Come on Germany, drink up your medicine".
All of these events point to an easing away from the US/UK/EU yoke that has choked Germany; to the zone of influence of Russia and China which is full of promise. It is a sensible move for Germany, but one fraught with great risk. Look what happened to Hitler when he dumped the Banks and rebuilt Germany - they started a war with him. Hitler knew Germany's future lay to the East but unfortunately he tried to get it by military might - like Napoleon before him.
Germany needs to walk a tightrope here, one false move, a slip and there is no safety net.
Jim Jones
Mario Balotelli made sure to leave an impression in his first appearance for Italy in four years.
It didn't take long for Balotelli to make himself known on the pitch in a friendly against World Cup-bound Saudi Arabia, as he needed just 21 minutes to score a great goal, a screamer to the bottom left corner. It was his first goal for Italy since the 2014 World Cup group stage, when he scored the winner against England on June 14, 2014.
Why. Always. Him?
Mario Balotelli announces his return to Italy's national team with a golazo (via @tancredipalmeri) pic.twitter.com/2iwc4DBrv5
— Planet Fútbol (@si_soccer) May 28, 2018
Italy wound up winning 2-1, with Andrea Belotti's insurance goal in the 68th minute winding up as the difference to make sure Yehya Al Shehri's goal four minutes later didn't change the result.
Balotelli's last appearance for Italy came two games later, when the Azzurri lost 1-0 to Uruguay and failed to make it to the knockout rounds. Italy took a step back in 2018, failing to qualify for Russia after a playoff defeat to Sweden.
Balotelli has been overlooked by Italy's managers in the past four years, but the appointment of his former Inter Milan and Manchester City coach, Roberto Mancini, has created a change in fortune.
Story Continues
Balotelli plays for Ligue 1 club Nice, where he scored 15 times in league play in 2016-17 and 18 this past season.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
(AP Photo/Emilio Espejel). Mexico's President-elect Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador greets a supporter as he leaves the National Palace where he met with Mexico's President Enrique Pena Nieto in Mexico City, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. The president-elect met w...
(AP Photo/Marco Ugarte). Mexico's President-elect Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador speaks to reporters after meeting with Mexico's President Enrique Pena Nieto at the National Palace in Mexico City, Tuesday, July 3, 2018. The president-elect met with the cu...
By MARK STEVENSON
Associated Press
MEXICO CITY (AP) - Mexican President-elect Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador promised $7.5 billion for youth job training and aid to the elderly on Wednesday, keystone programs that could make Mexico's business sector one of the biggest beneficiaries of his first year in office.
Lopez Obrador pledged the government would pay the salaries of apprentices employed by Mexican companies as part of a $5 billion package of scholarships and job training.
The once-fiery leftist met with Mexican businessmen on Wednesday in a surprisingly chummy encounter where he sealed the job-training deal in a handshake with business chamber leader Juan Pablo Castanon.
The programs for the elderly and youths will be the cornerstones of Lopez Obrador's first year in office, which starts when he takes office Dec. 1.
"We will have to come up with this funding ... even if we are left without a shirt on our backs," Lopez Obrador vowed. The president-elect - whose victory must still be certified by electoral authorities and the courts - implied that most of his other campaign promises will be left to later years in office. Lopez Obrador was elected in a landslide Sunday.
Lopez Obrador pledged $2 billion to extend and increase old-age supplementary payments to the elderly so that every Mexican over 68 will receive at least the equivalent of $2.25 per day.
The elderly payments initially started in Mexico City when Lopez Obrador was mayor in the early 2000s, but he has now pledged to fund them at the same level as in the capital - currently about $60 per month - nationwide.
But the youth program appeared to be a big gift to the business sector: Companies will get much of the $5 billion to pay salaries to youths; the remainder will apparently go to technical colleges and universities or to scholarships.
The firms will give their apprentices certificates of competence, but apparently won't be required to hire them after their apprenticeships.
The program is aimed at reducing the number of unemployed youths recruited by drug cartels, or as Lopez Obrador put it in a campaign slogan "Students on scholarships, not cartel hitmen."
Lopez Obrador's third day as president-elect was marked by healing wounds left with business and other groups that emerged during the bruising presidential campaign, in which some businessmen wrote letters to their employees urging them in veiled terms not to vote for Lopez Obrador.
On Wednesday, one of the businessmen who wrote such a letter - German Larrea of the mining and rail conglomerate Grupo Mexico - sought to make up with Lopez Obrador.
Larrea signed a full-page ad in Mexican newspapers saying, "We wish you the greatest success as president."
Even ex-president Vicente Fox - who called Lopez Obrador "Lopito" and "crazy" during the campaign - issued a video statement Wednesday saying, "All of Mexico won, by voting for a change ... congratulations, Andres."
Given the venom with which they had attacked Lopez Obrador over the years - Fox, for example, promoted a court case seeking to prevent the leftist from running in 2006 - Lopez Obrador was conciliatory, but not cutting his long-time opponents any slack.
Lopez Obrador thanked Mexico's former presidents for their congratulatory messages, but said he was still determined to eliminate the luxurious pensions that ex-presidents enjoy in Mexico.
Union groups allied with the old ruling party, the PRI, also got into the act. The oil workers union published full-page ads Wednesday saying, "Our institutional respect for the president will be, as always, limitless."
The autocratic oil union - run by the same leader since the mid-1990s - had been caught in the past passing millions in government money to the ruling party.
Lopez Obrador took note of the union ads, but said, "There will be union democracy, and we will not allow corruption."
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Tourism leaders have hailed this year's Blackpool Air Show as one of the busiest ever.
Early figures show more than 100,000 people reportedly turned out to watch the two-day aviation extravaganza in the skies over the Promenade.
Crowds pack onto the Promenade for Blackpool Air Show 2017
But spectators have claimed the packed Promenade was filled with even more people that ever before.
Exact figures will not be gathered by tourism body Visit Blackpool until later in the year.
Visitors and local residents enjoyed an action-packed programme of displays, featuring the RAF Typhoon, Battle of Britain Memorial Flight, the Breitling Wingwalkers and the world-famous Red Arrows headlining both days' events.
This year was the first time air show favourites the Red Arrows performed on both days of the event, with viewers giving the show a rapturous reception.
Blackpool Council deputy leader Coun Gillian Campbell said: "Moving the Air Show from its usual Sunday and Monday to Saturday and Sunday meant that even more people got the opportunity to see this fantastic free entertainment.
"It was by far and away the busiest weekend we have witnessed in Blackpool this summer.
"We have to give enormous credit to all the pilots who showed off their incredible skills and talent, giving the tens of thousands of people attending the event an opportunity to witness some thrilling aerobatics.
"I'm very proud of everyone who took part to make the 108th annual air show a very special occasion."
In addition to the spectacular in the skies, there were stalls and displays on the ground, including the Red Arrows ground team, Help for Heroes and the Royal British Legion among many more.
Blackpool Air Show took flight in 1909 - and was the first official air show ever staged in the UK.
The 2018 show has been scheduled for Saturday and Sunday, August 11 and 12.
INDEPENDENCE, Ohio — Cavaliers point guard George Hill is questionable for Wednesday's crucial Game 5 against Indiana because of back spasms.
Hill has been dealing with back problems since the series opener when he was flattened by an illegal screen by Pacers forward Trevor Booker.
Cavs coach Tryonn Lue says Hill was limited to some shooting drills during Tuesday's practice and will start if he can play.
Jose Calderon started Game 4 at Indianapolis and scored five points in 19 minutes as the Cavs evened the series at 2-2. Cleveland is 24-9 when Calderon starts.
A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket climbed into space Monday from NASA's Kennedy Space Center atop a column of gleaming exhaust, shooting a commercial resupply vessel toward the International Space Station with research projects looking into cosmic rays, the origin of Parkinson's disease, the utility of small satellites and an experimental radiation-tolerant supercomputer.
Crammed with more than 6,400 pounds (2,900 kilograms) of supplies, the Dragon capsule bolted on top of the Falcon 9 rocket also carried computer and camera gear, components to maintain the station's life support system and medical equipment, and provisions for the station's six-person crew, including clothing, fresh food and ice cream.
The 213-foot-tall (65-meter) rocket took off from pad 39A at the Florida spaceport at 12:31:37 p.m. EDT (1631:37 GMT), pitched toward the northeast to align with the space station's orbit, and roared through scattered clouds before disappearing into a blue summertime sky.
Nine Merlin 1D main engines at the base of the booster generated 1.7 million pounds of thrust, pushing the rocket into the stratosphere before the first stage switched off and fell away at an altitude of 40 miles (65 kilometers).
A single Merlin engine fired on the Falcon 9's upper stage to power the Dragon capsule into orbit. Glowing red-hot, the second stage engine throttled up to more than 200,000 pounds of thrust for its six-and-a-half minute firing.
Meanwhile, in a maneuver now common during SpaceX launches, the first stage flipped around with guided pulses of cold nitrogen gas to point tail first, then reignited three of its Merlin engines to boost itself back forward Cape Canaveral.
Two more braking maneuvers were needed to slow down the descending rocket, steering it back to the coast with the help of aerodynamic fins before extending four landing legs and settling on a concrete target at Landing Zone 1 less than eight minutes after liftoff, around 9 miles (15 kilometers) south of the Falcon 9's departure point at pad 39A.
“From what I've heard, it's right on the bullseye and (had a) very soft touchdown, so it's a great pre-flown booster ready to go for the next time,” said Hans Koenigsmann, SpaceX's vice president of flight reliability.
SpaceX has reused two of its recovered first stage boosters to date, and engineers are prepping another previously-flown rocket for a mission with an SES communications satellite this fall.
The rocket launched Monday was a fresh vehicle, but its landing legs were scavenged from a vehicle flown on a previous mission, Koenigsmann said.
The upper stage continued rocketing into orbit, turning off its engine just after the nine-minute point in the flight, then deploying the Dragon capsule into an on-target slightly egg-shaped orbit averaging around 175 miles (280 kilometers) above the planet.
“The second stage went into a near-perfect orbit (and) deployed Dragon,” Koenigsmann said in a media briefing around two hours after the launch.
“Dragon primed propellant and has performed the first co-elliptic burn at this point in time,” he said, referring to the first in a series of thruster firings on tap to guide the capsule toward the space station.
The supply ship's power-generating solar arrays extended shortly after it arrived in space, while the Falcon 9's second stage reignited for a de-orbit maneuver to avoid the creation of space junk.
With Monday's launch, SpaceX's Falcon 9 rocket family has accomplished 39 missions since debuting in 2010, and 38 of them have succeeded in their primary objectives. Those statistics do not include a Falcon 9 rocket that exploded before takeoff during testing on the launch pad, destroying an Israeli communications satellite.
SpaceX has landed the Falcon 9's first stage intact 14 times in 19 tries since the company attempted its first rocket landing on a barge at sea in 2015. Six of those touchdowns have occurred at Landing Zone 1 at Cape Canaveral.
The automated cargo freighter will reach its destination Wednesday, when astronaut Jack Fischer will take command of the space station's Canadian-built robotic arm to capture the commercial spaceship around 7 a.m. EDT (1100 GMT).
The robotic arm will install Dragon on the space station's Harmony module for a planned 32-day stay.
While astronauts inside the station will unpack cargo inside Dragon's internal cabin, the Canadian and Japanese robotic arms will transfer a NASA-funded cosmic ray sensor to a mounting post outside the Kibo laboratory.
Derived from an instrument carried aloft on high-altitude balloons, the Cosmic Ray Energetics and Mass, or CREAM, payload will spend at least three years sampling particles sent speeding through the universe by cataclysmic supernova explosions, and perhaps other exotic phenomena like dark matter.
Scientists think the subatomic particles could hold the key to unlocking mysteries about the universe.
One experiment stowed inside the capsule's pressurized section will investigate the origins of Parkinson's disease in a bid to find a therapy that could slow or halt its development, and another will study the effects of spaceflight on the development of bioengineered lung tissue, potentially helping scientists lessen the chance of organ rejection in transplant patients.
A supercomputer developed by Hewlett Packard Enterprise will spend at least a year on the space station, helping engineers gauge the ruggedness of commercial computer components in the harsh conditions of space.
Most computers sent into space are physically hardened to withstand radiation, cosmic rays, and other rigors of spaceflight. Hewlett Packard said its “spaceborne computer” experiment was hardened with software, reducing the time, money and weight of the supercomputer.
The experimental computer passed at least 146 safety tests and certifications to win NASA approval for the trip to the space station. If it works, Hewlett Packard officials said it could help future space missions, including a human expedition to Mars, have the latest computer technology.
Four small satellites inside the Dragon capsule will be moved inside the space station for deployment later this year.
The biggest of the bunch, named Kestrel Eye 2M, is a pathfinder for a potential constellation of Earth-imaging spacecraft for the U.S. military. About the size of a dorm room refrigerator, the Kestrel Eye 2M satellite was developed by the Army's Space and Missile Defense Command over the last five years.
Three CubeSats sponsored by NASA will test technologies for compact telescopes that could help astronomers observe stars and search for exoplanets, demonstrate a more reliable small satellite design, and study space weather.
Monday's Falcon 9 flight was the first of three launches scheduled from Cape Canaveral in the next 11 days.
A United Launch Alliance Atlas 5 rocket is scheduled to roll out Wednesday to pad 41 at the Cape ahead of liftoff Friday at 8:03 a.m. EDT (1203 GMT) with a NASA satellite designed to track rockets climbing into space and relay communications between scientific spacecraft in orbit around Earth.
An Orbital ATK Minotaur 4 rocket is being readied for launch at 11:15 p.m. EDT Aug. 25 (0315 GMT Aug. 26) from Cape Canaveral's pad 46 with a military space surveillance mission.
The next mission on SpaceX's manifest is scheduled for Aug. 24 from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California. A Falcon 9 rocket will haul the Taiwanese Formosat 5 Earth observation satellite into a polar orbit, and its first stage will attempt a return to a barge downrange in the Pacific Ocean.
SpaceX's team at the Kennedy Space Center will prepare a Falcon 9 to deploy the U.S. Air Force's reusable X-37B spaceplane no earlier than Sept. 7.
Email the author.
Follow Stephen Clark on Twitter: @StephenClark1.
Backtracking on a claim that a Montagnard couple accused of trying to flee to Thailand had not been detained, an immigration official said on Monday that the pair—a pregnant woman and her husband—were in custody and would be deported to Vietnam.
Uk Heisela, chief of investigations at the Interior Ministry's immigration department, said on Thursday that the couple had attempted to escape their temporary accommodation, but were caught and returned to the house in Phnom Penh's Pur Senchey district.
The government's claim was contradicted by Grace Bui, a volunteer for the Montagnard Assistance Project in Thailand, who insisted the couple were picked up at their home and were being held at the immigration department over fears they sought to join a relative who was among dozens of would-be asylum-seekers who recently fled to Bangkok.
Major General Heisela on Monday confirmed that the couple had, in fact, been detained by his department and would soon be deported.
“The couple are now being held at my place and I plan to send them back to Vietnam soon,” he said.
“We will send the couple to Vietnam because they crossed a border without having passports and they are not Montagnards as they cannot speak the Vietnamese ethnic Jarai language,” Maj. Gen. Heisela added.
Asked why he stated last week that the pair were not in custody, Maj. Gen. Heisela claimed the refugee department initially planned to send them back to the rented accommodation, but then orders were given to detain them.
“First, the refugee department planned to keep the couple at the house in
Choam Chao commune, but the upper level ordered the refugee department to keep them at the immigration department because they tried to escape, so we are implementing the law to deport them,” Maj. Gen. Heisela said.
Both Ms. Bui and Denise Coghlan, head of the Jesuit Refugee Service, which has been providing assistance to the Montagnards, have said the pair were taken from their accommodation and had not attempted to leave the country, but the government believed them to be a flight risk.
More than 50 Montagnards fled Phnom Penh last month and are now hiding in a suburb of Bangkok while awaiting interviews with UNHCR, the U.N. agency that offers assistance to refugees.
They claim to have escaped widespread political and religious persecution at the hands of the Vietnamese government.
About 100 Montagnards remain in Phnom Penh.
Vivian Tan, regional press officer for the UNHCR, said the agency was aware that some Montagnards had been detained.
“UNHCR does not support the detention of asylum-seekers and has been advocating with the authorities to secure their release when it happens,” she said in an email.
Tan Sovichea, director of the Interior Ministry's
refugee department, declined to comment on the case.
(Additional reporting by George Wright)
pheap@cambodiadaily.com
© 2017, The Cambodia Daily. All rights reserved. No part of this article may be reproduced in print, electronically, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed without written permission.
Getty/Shutterstock
After a year of what seemed like nothing but two dudes flexing at each other across social media, somehow, one of the biggest fights ever was finalized. Give it up to Dana White, Floyd Mayweather, and Conor McGregor for even pursuing this in the first place. This is a perfect storm of combat sports weirdness that will amount to one of the biggest money fights in the history of the world, and will no doubt be one of the most entertaining lead ups to a fight in combat sports history.
Because that's what's on the line here — history. Even if Conor McGregor isn't a pro boxer, and even if Floyd is coming out of retirement at 40 years old for this, everything from here on out is going to be historical, insane and hilarious and everyone knows it. That's why the entirety of the internet just imploded. That's why people are losing their damn minds. They know the gravity of this fight, and they also know it's the freakiest of freak shows. Nevermind the fact that no one thought that this was ever going to happen in the first place. Now we have two months and change until Floyd Mayweather and Conor McGregor punch each other.
First, let's look at McGregor and Mayweather's tweets. Conor shows off Floyd Sr., Floyd does nothing?
Baby Dory in 'Finding Dory' ( YouTube )
Join us on the new C-Pop podcast where Taylor and Jessilyn discuss, debate and sometimes deride pop culture with a strong sense of humor and a focus on Christ. Listen at charismapodcastnetwork.com.
Here is the list of winners for Movieguide®'s 25th Annual Faith & Values Awards Gala, held Friday, Feb. 10 at the Universal Hilton Hotel in Los Angeles:
Lifetime Achievement Award for Communicating and Living the Good News to Pat Robertson, founder of the Christian Broadcasting Network, the 700 Club and Operation Blessing
BEST MOVIES FOR FAMILIES
1 - MIRACLES FROM HEAVEN – Top Winner
2 - THE YOUNG MESSIAH
3 - SING
4 - THE JUNGLE BOOK (2016)
5 - FINDING DORY
6 - THE SECRET LIFE OF PETS
7 - TROLLS
8 - QUEEN OF KATWE
9 – ZOOTOPIA
10 - PETE'S DRAGON (2016)
BEST MOVIES FOR MATURE AUDIENCES
1 - GOD'S NOT DEAD 2 – Top Winner
2 - HACKSAW RIDGE
3 - CAPTAIN AMERICA: CIVIL WAR
4 - RISEN
5 – SILENCE
6 - BEN-HUR (2016)
7 - THE FINEST HOURS
8 - SULLY
9 - EDDIE THE EAGLE
10 - HAIL, CAESAR!
EPIPHANY PRIZE FOR MOST INSPIRING MOVIE OF 2016
Winner: THE YOUNG MESSIAH
Other nominees: HACKSAW RIDGE, MIRACLES FROM HEAVEN, GOD'S NOT DEAD 2, RISEN, SILENCE, BEN-HUR (2016), HAIL, CAESAR!
EPIPHANY PRIZE FOR MOST INSPIRING TV PROGRAM OF 2016
Winner: DOLLY PARTON'S CHRISTMAS OF MANY COLORS: CIRCLE OF LOVE
Other nominees: THE PASSION: NEW ORLEANS, THE BRIDGE PART 2, A TIME TO DANCE, OPERATION CHRISTMAS, POCAHONTAS: DOVE OF PEACE, AGENTS OF S.H.I.E.LD.: SEASON 3: EPISODES: 20-22: Emancipation, Absolution, Ascension
FAITH & FREEDOM AWARD FOR PROMOTING POSITIVE AMERICAN VALUES IN MOVIES
Winner: HACKSAW RIDGE
Other Nominees: CAPTAIN AMERICA: CIVIL WAR, GOD'S NOT DEAD 2, SULLY, SING, QUEEN OF KATWE, HAIL, CAESAR!
FAITH & FREEDOM AWARD FOR PROMOTING POSITIVE AMERICAN VALUES IN TV
advertisement
Winner: OPERATION CHRISTMAS
Other Nominees: POCAHONTAS: DOVE OF PEACE, THE BRIDGE PART 2, DOLLY PARTON'S CHRISTMAS OF MANY COLORS: CIRCLE OF LOVE, THE PASSION: NEW ORLEANS,
AGENTS OF S.H.I.E.LD.: SEASON 3: EPISODES: 20-22: Emancipation, Absolution, Ascension
GRACE AWARDS FOR MOST INSPIRING ACTING IN MOVIES
WINNING ACTOR: Adam Greaves-Neal - THE YOUNG MESSIAH
Other Nominees: Joseph Fiennes – RISEN, Robert Pike Daniel - HAIL, CAESAR!, David A.R. White - GOD'S NOT DEAD 2, Andrew Garfield - HACKSAW RIDGE, Cliff Curtis - RISEN, Rodrigo Santoro, - BEN-HUR (2016), Josh Brolin - HAIL, CAESAR!
WINNING ACTRESS: Melissa Joan Hart - GOD'S NOT DEAD 2
Other Nominees: Kylie Rogers - MIRACLES FROM HEAVEN, Jennifer Garner - MIRACLES FROM HEAVEN
GRACE AWARD FOR MOST INSPIRING ACTING IN TELEVISION
WINNING ACTOR: Devielle Johnson - A TIME TO DANCE
OTHER NOMINEES: Ed McGinley - THE BRIDGE PART 2,
Tyler Perry - THE PASSION: NEW ORLEANS, Gerald McRaney - DOLLY PARTON'S CHRISTMAS OF MANY COLORS: CIRCLE OF LOVE, Marc Blucas - OPERATION CHRISTMAS
WINNING ACTRESS: Faith Ford - THE BRIDGE PART 2
OTHER NOMINEES: Alyvia Alyn Lind - DOLLY PARTON'S CHRISTMAS OF MANY COLORS: CIRCLE OF LOVE, Dolly Parton - DOLLY PARTON'S CHRISTMAS OF MANY COLORS: CIRCLE OF LOVE, Natalia Cordova-Buckley - AGENTS OF S.H.I.E.LD.: SEASON 3: EPISODES 20-22 - Emancipation, Absolution, Ascension
Author of The Culture-Wise Family and How to Succeed in Hollywood (Without Losing Your Soul), Dr. Ted Baehr is chairman of the Christian Film & Television Commission® (CFTVC) and its family guide to movies and entertainment, Movieguide® (www.movieguide.org).
Now in their 32nd year, CFTVC and Movieguide® are the largest, longest-running international, non-profit ministry dedicated to "redeeming the values of the entertainment industry by influencing industry executives and by informing and equipping the public about the influence of the entertainment media."
Movieguide®'s Annual Faith & Values Awards Gala (www.movieguideawards.com) honors the best, most family-friendly movies and television programs honoring God and inspiring audiences with messages of faith, hope, goodness, justice, redemption, forgiveness and true divine love. At the Awards, Dr. Baehr presents highlights from Movieguide®'s Annual Report to the Entertainment Industry, a comprehensive financial analysis of the movie business showing what kinds of movies and what kinds of movie content moviegoers favor the most with their hard-earned money.
Leaders are readers! Subscribe now and get 3 magazines for the price of 1. Get Ministry Today, Charisma and SpiritLed Woman all for $24. YES - Sign me up!
3 Reasons Why you should read Life in the Spirit. 1) Get to know the Holy Spirit. 2) Learn to enter God's presence 3) Hear God's voice clearly! Click Here to draw closer to God!
-
See an error in this article? This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Lonzo Ball has started a movement within the Los Angeles Lakers—and it has nothing to do with basketball. Some two weeks after he and fellow rookie Kyle Kuzma clowned Brandon Ingram over his resemblance to “Slenderman,” the Purple and Gold's own social media staff followed suit.
Slender Work pic.twitter.com/dOsSUhGUSq — Los Angeles Lakers (@Lakers) February 2, 2018
Zo, of course, was pleased to see his team take up the cause that he and Kuz started during their previous trip to Oklahoma City.
BI, to his credit, seems to be a good sport about it, at least enough so to autograph a photo of his alter ego.
With the team returning to the Sooner State to face the Oklahoma City Thunder on Super Bowl Sunday—and Lonzo already ruled out for the occasion with his sprained left knee—perhaps Lakers Nation will see some of that “Slender Work” pay off in a big game for the second-year swingman.
A family of 5 allegedly tried to commit suicide by drinking poison in their cold drinks. All the members have been shifted to Alibaug district of Mumbai. The incident came to light days after 11 members of a family in Delhi's Burari committed suicide by hanging themselves following some occult practice.
According to reports, the family tried to commit suicide by drinking poison in their cold drinks.
Days after the spine-chilling deaths of 11 members of a family in Delhi's Burari, who allegedly committed suicide by hanging themselves following some occult ritual, a family of 5 reportedly tried to commit suicide at their residence in Mumbai's Raighar. The reason behind the family taking such a drastic measure is not known yet.
According to reports, the family tried to commit suicide by drinking poison in their cold drinks. All the members have been shifted to Alibaug district of Mumbai.
The Delhi police investigating Burari deaths have revealed that the family members had been performing the ritual for the past 6 days in the run-up to the day they allegedly hanged themselves.
According to police, through the dairies recovered from their house, it's been established that the family worshipped the banyan tree, and were allegedly trying to emulate the tree in order to offer worship.
While the 10 of the 11 bodies were found hanging, blindfolded and gagged, that of 75-year-old woman's was found lying on the floor with the rope near her.
Besides the 7 women and the bodies of 4 men, including 3 teenagers were found. We are investigating from all possible angles, we are not ruling out anything,” Rajesh Khurana, Joint CP Central Range, Delhi Police was quoted by India.com as saying.
The 11 members have been identified as Narayan (75),Partibha (60), Priyanka(30), Bhupi(42), Savita(42), Nitu(24), Meenu(22), Dhiru(12), Lalit(42), Shivam(12) and Tina(38).
For all the latest National News, download NewsX App
Read More
The crowdfunded game centers on making the virtual racing experience as real as possible. With a feature called LiveTrack 3.0, Project Cars 2 amps up the detail in a number of ways. Beyond just weather, ambient temperature, track temperature, altitude and other atmospheric conditions all have an impact your car's performance. We're talking things like engine performance, aerodynamics, brakes and tires.
Project Cars 2 also employs fluid dynamics, so when you're driving in a rainstorm, the track conditions react more like they would in the real world. For example, if it's raining so hard that the ground can't absorb the water faster enough, it will pool, run downhill and create a tricky puddle situation. LiveTrack 3.0 also spreads loose dirt and gravel on the track when you run off course, an addition that Slightly Mad Studios says makes this game even more like racing in real life. Based on my few minutes of play time, they're not overstating it.
Here at E3, Bandai Namco is offering three very different demos of Project Cars 2 and I was able to test drive two of them. The first one I attempted was a Honda Civic rally car at Ioheac in France. You get a real sense for the level of detail of the game rounding tight turns and flinging dirt. It's also immediately apparent how sensitive the controls are in the game.
My first few minutes behind the wheel of that Civic were not pretty, but I managed to improve (slightly) after some time. That being said, steering cars around the courses in this game is no easy feat. It's also not surprising, either, since Slightly Mad is including eSports from the jump -- so professional drivers will be able to literally get behind the wheel. This also means there's easy access to streaming tools and watching live games.
The second demo I played was a McLaren 720S on the Bannochbrae road circuit that's set in Scotland. This is the course Slightly Mad built as part of a Project car DLC a while back and it gives you the feel of zooming through the UK countryside. Again, steering here takes some skill and I'll have to admit I destroyed that luxury automobile pretty quickly. However, the visuals on this course are really good and Project Cars 2 will join other driving games like Forza and Gran Turismo that will greatly benefit from 4K. I caught myself taking my eyes off the road a couple times to check out the views. Everything is so sharp and crisp, so you can see the level of detail that goes into these games even better.
With Project Cars, Slightly Mad Studios surprised everyone with a racer that could compete with Forza and Gran Turismo on realism. With its sequel, the developer is doing it again. That's seriously impressive when you consider the budget and team size it's working with. The game is meant for a specific kind of racing fanatic, one that wants the utmost realism with how a car controls. If you're that sort of gearhead, there's a lot to like here -- just don't expect to take a hairpin turn first time in a Ferrari 488 GT3.
Follow all the latest news from E3 2017 here!
Getty Image
The Golden State Warriors will absolutely try to keep the band together, and they know that the music starts with Stephen Curry. Days after they won their second NBA title in three years, the Warriors are already gearing up for a big summer of trying to keep their best assets on the floor together in order to continue their dominance over the rest of the NBA.
Warriors owner Joe Lacob is adamant that effort starts with Stephen Curry, who is an unrestricted free agent this summer. Though Curry is almost certainly returning to Golden State, how much money he returns for can impact the other roster moves the Warriors are able to make.
Rather than play games with their franchise player, Lacob told Tim Kawakami of the Bay Area News Group that his team is all-in on making sure the star point guard returns to Golden State, and will do “whatever it takes” to make that happen.
NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — Vanderbilt has added a Big Ten flavor to its football team with the addition of former Ohio State wide receiver Alex Stump and ex-Michigan long snapper Scott Sypniewski.
The Commodores also announced they have added offensive lineman Saige Young from Dodge City (Kansas) Community College. Sypniewski and Young are eligible to play for Vanderbilt this season. Stump must sit out the 2017 season due to NCAA transfer rules.
Sypniewski, a graduate transfer, becomes Vanderbilt's most experienced long snapper. He played 36 games with Michigan over the last three years.
Stump caught only one pass for Ohio State last season after redshirting in 2015.
Vanderbilt now has three former Big Ten players. The Commodores earlier added Illinois transfer Ke'Shawn Vaughn, a running back who will sit out the 2017 season due to NCAA transfer rules.
___
More college football coverage: http://collegefootball.ap.org/
Comments
comments
Over 700 attendees participated in Wells of Life's fourth annual Run4Water fundraiser held in conjunction with Earth Day on Sunday, April 22 at Laguna Niguel Regional Park.
Organizers accomplished their fundraising goal of recruiting 50 teams to fund 40 sustainable water wells for rural communities in Uganda, Africa. The top fundraising team from San Francisco Solano Church, RCIA (The Rite of Christian Initiation of Adults) in Rancho Santa Margarita raised $30,260.
Run4Water featured 5K and 1K runs/walks, sponsor exhibit booths, giveaways, Tesla auto exhibit, children's activities and food trucks.
A little pony in southwest Florida apparently wanted to be a wild horse, as it galloped down a highway far from home last week.
The Guardian published a resignation letter from crossbencher Lord Bob Kerslake who has stepped down as Chair of King's College Hospital Trust in protest at “dire NHS funding problems”. The paper described him as follows:
“Bob Kerslake was chairman of King's College hospital, London. He is a member of the House of Lords, president of the Local Government Association and former head of the civil service and permanent secretary at the Department for Communities and Local Government.” Yeah, sort of. What the Guardian – and subsequently BBC Breakfast and other outlets – have omitted to mention is that Kerslake has been undertaking work for John McDonnell's Shadow Treasury Team for more than two years. At conference McDonnell boasted about commissioning Kerslake to write a series of “implementation manuals” for the Labour manifesto, meaning Kerslake is effectively drafting the details of Labour's proposed legislative programme. McDonnell said: “We're taking each policy and we're developing an implementation manual… We're looking at what legislation is needed, so we will have draft legislation ready to go, we're bringing civil servants like Lord Bob Kerslake to train our teams on how you implement these policies and we're taking advice from past ministers as well.”
Labour has also held Shadow Cabinet training days with Kerslake. McDonnell said in June: “We're trying to do a training exercise where we're bringing in people like Bob Kerslake, the head of the civil service, to work with them on things like what it would be like to be a minister, what their first day will be like, what their first 100 days will be like. So they feel confident about that as well.” It doesn't stop there. Kerslake led an independent review into the Treasury for McDonnell, announced in September 2015. McDonnell said at the time:
“Labour asked Sir Bob Kerslake to head up a review into the Treasury because we needed to have a serious and thorough examination of one of the most important pillars of government, and the cornerstone of economic policy making in our country… I would also like to thank Sir Bob Kerslake for his time, energy and expertise in producing this report for Labour.”
McDonnell's spokesman insisted Kerslake is “independent”:
It's also worth remembering that his work is as an independent. — James Mills (@JamesMills1984) 11 December 2017
You can decide for yourself…
UPDATE: Sky News reports that Kerslake was asked to consider his position by NHS Improvement Chairwoman Baroness Harding on Friday.
Golden Tee players are in for a special treat this holiday season: Rattlesnake Ridge. This popular 18-hole golf course from the Golden Tee Fore! game series has been fully remastered and re-imagined to work with Golden Tee LIVE.
While the basic course and hole layouts of the original have been preserved, all new graphics and course objects have been added that are compatible with today's technology. Also, a few of the holes have been adjusted to work with the wide variety of clubs, balls and tees now available in Golden Tee LIVE. Old-school players will enjoy the refreshed memory of an old favorite, and first-timers will enjoy the variety and high-scoring opportunities that the unique desert course offers.
Rattlesnake Ridge officially joins the course selection lineup on Jan. 1, 2018, and will automatically be available in every mode of play. But Incredible Technologies, the makers of Golden Tee Golf, have a few surprises in store before that date.
On Dec. 1, Rattlesnake Ridge will be available in the Daily Contest play mode, marking the first time players across the US will see the course. Players can enter the Daily Contest as often as they like during the 24-hour period, to improve their score and compete for cash prizes.
Once the Daily Contest has ended, Rattlesnake Ridge will then be accessed exclusively for Invitational contests for the next 30 days. Players can use the GT Caddy app or LIVEWIRE website to set up private contests with their friends across the country, and play these games on commercial machines
“Bringing back popular courses from a different version of Golden Tee shortens the development time so we can offer more courses this year,” said Don Pesceone, VP of amusements at IT. “We hope that a time-released schedule helps to attract players and keep them playing longer than ever before. If this proves successful, you can be sure we will continue the practice with future updates.”
Additional information on Golden Tee 2018 and Rattlesnake Ridge can be found here.
— JOEL HETRICK WINS FIRST EVER NATIONAL TITLE —
The 2017 Wiseco ATV Motocross National Championship (ATVMX), presented by CST Tires, came down to the wire this weekend at the season finale from legendary Loretta Lynn's Ranch in Tennessee. Just 11 points separated the top two riders in the AMA Pro ATV standings – Joel Hetrick on his Honda TRX450R and Chad Wienen on his Yamaha YFZ450. Their season-long battle came all the way down to the final checkered flag. Chasing his first-ever championship, Hetrick rose to the occasion and out-dueled Wienen to capture the coveted title.
Brown and Wienen were locked in a heated battle for second place.
Joel Hetrick pulled the holeshot in the first moto of the day and began running at the front of the pack from the get-go. Yamaha riders Chad Wienen and Thomas Brown were locked in a dogfight for second, with Chad edging out Brown at the finish.
Chad got a good start in the second moto and was out front within a lap. Joel was working his way up from 4th place, but couldn't quite catch Chad before the checkered flag. Wienen's 2-1 moto results allowed him to edge out Hetrick (1-2) for the overall win on the afternoon, but the win wasn't enough to top Hetrick in the overall points standings where he claimed his first National Championship after a solid season.
The thrill of victory!
Hetrick finished the 2017 season with a 11-point edge over Wienen in the final standings, while Brown rounded out the top three championship finishers 102 back of Hetrick. Gennusa ended the championship in fourth (-128), while Jeffrey Rastrelli (-137) edged out Josh Upperman (-171) for fifth.
Joel Hetrick, Chad Wienen and Thomas Brown.
Loretta Lynn National
Hurricane Mills, Tennessee
2017 AMA Pro Class Event Results:
Chad Wienen (2-1) Joel Hetrick (1-2) Thomas Brown (3-3) Westley Wolfe (5-4) Nick Gennusa (4-5) Sam Rowe (7-6) Josh Upperman (6-8) Parker Wewerka (9-7) Brett Musick (8-11) Cody Janssen (11-10)
Overall National Championship Standings:
EMBED >More News Videos Every year, Fleet Week comes to San Francisco. It's a celebration of naval tradition that honors the men and women serving in our armed forces.
Fleet Week activities are underway around San Francisco.The annual Parade of Ships sets sail at 11 a.m. with a procession under the Golden Gate Bridge and along the waterfront. The air show, featuring the Blue Angels, takes place from noon until 4 p.m.Friday morning, three-year-old Everette Wertman and his family visited the Humanitarian Village at Marina Green. The village showcases what the military can do in a disaster situation. Everette was excited to see the "Army guys" and planes overhead. His mom, Cristin, said, "We think it's awesome, very cool, very patriotic and the kids love it." The village is free and open to the public all weekend long.It features a field hospital the public can tour and other displays that show the military's disaster relief capabilities. Lieutenant Rob Parker for the U.S. Navy said it's exciting to show off his work space. "People are blown away." New this year, the village includes a STEM education center to showcase the engineering side of the military.John McKnight is in charge of the village. He expects 10,000 people to visit Friday and 30,000 to 50,000 more people to visit the village this weekend. He said they've increased security in light of the Las Vegas shooting. "Nothing the public will notice, but just be assured we are keeping an eye out."
BAGUIO CITY—In her bid to convince the Supreme Court to order her release, Senator Leila de Lima said government officials are going after her to fulfill President Rodrigo Duterte's promise to make her rot in jail.
Based on her 64-page memorandum, De Lima said the government used the “strong arm of the law…to file charges that are manifestly false before a court that is manifestly without jurisdiction.”
The senator said the charges were fake that even the Department of Justice (DOJ) and the Office of the Solicitor General (OSG) were confused on the actual charges filed against her.
ADVERTISEMENT
READ: Gov't lawyers disagree on De Lima case
De Lima, together with her former driver and boyfriend Ronnie Dayan and former National Bureau of Investigation (NBI) Deputy Director and officer-in-charge of the Bureau of Corrections (BuCor) Rafael Ragos, is facing a case for violation of Republic Act 9165 or the Comprehensive Dangerous Drugs Act of 2002 particularly Section 5 (sale) in relation to Section 3 (jj trading), Section 26 (b) and Section 28 or the criminal liability of government officials and employees before the Muntinlupa Regional Trial Court Branch 204. The case against the three was in connection with the proliferation of drugs inside the New Bilibid Prison (NBP).
But Solicitor General Jose Calida said De Lima actually committed the crime of conspiracy to commit trading in illegal drugs.
“The OSG and DOJ should not be allowed to surreptitiously and fundamentally alter the cause of the accusation against Petitioner [De Lima] in violation of the 1987 Constitution and the Rules of Court,” De Lima said through her lawyers led by former Solicitor General Florin Hilbay.
READ: De Lima lawyers ask high court to free her
The senator told the high court that the “OSG and DOJ cannot continue with this circus and the Honorable Court should not be a party to it.”
The government has not amended the information or charge sheet filed before the Muntinlupa RTC but the case against De Lima has been amended through a manifestation before the high court.
“In plain terms, the Petitioner was charged and arrested for the wrong crime. She must therefore be released without delay as every moment of confinement is unconstitutional,” the senator told the high court.
ADVERTISEMENT
De Lima's camp also insisted that it is the Sandiganbayan which has jurisdiction over the drug complaint filed against her and not the Regional Trial Court of Muntinlupa City.
The charge sheet, according to her memorandum narrates corruption, not drug trading.
The case against the senator mentioned that she has received millions from the drug lords operating inside Bilibid.
Furthermore, the petitioner said Muntinlupa City RTC Branch 204 Judge Juanita Guerrero committed grave abuse of discretion in finding probable cause by issuing a warrant of arrest against her.
De Lima noted that Guerrero issued the arrest warrant on February 23, 2017 despite the pendency of her motion to quash the information filed against her on the ground of the RTC's lack of jurisdiction.
The petitioner also justified her decision to immediately elevate the matter before the court despite the pendency of her motion to quash the information before the Muntinlupa RTC.
The senator said the policy on hierarchy of courts is “not an iron-clad rule” and “not inflexible” and the “Supreme Court has full discretionary power to take cognizance of certiorari actions filed directly with it for exceptionally compelling reasons.”
“The instant petition is a matter of national interest and has serious implications, given the questions involved which were triggered by the remarkably unusual positions taken by the legal departments of the government,” she stressed.
“The instant petition clearly involves questions of law, the resolution of which will not only affect petitioner but all citizens in the country,” she added.
The court earlier held oral arguments on De Lima's petitions and directed the parties to submit their respective memoranda before it comes out with a ruling on the issue. IDL/rga
ROCHESTER, Mich. (AP) -- Tai Odiase had 19 points, on 8-for-8 shooting, and three blocks, Godwin Boahen hit four 3-pointers and finished with 16 points and Illinois-Chicago beat Oakland 79-73 on Friday night for its fifth win in a row.
Marcus Ottey added 15 points and Tarkus Ferguson had 13 points, nine rebounds and seven assists for UIC (13-11, 8-3 Horizon League). The Flames have eight conference wins for the first time since finishing the 2007-08 season 9-9 in Horizon League play.
Odiase had a dunk and two layups during a 6-2 spurt that made it 17-14 and UIC led the rest of the way. Ferguson converted a 3-point play to spark a 10-2 run that pushed the lead to 11 points before Boahen's 3-pointer made it 40-30 at the break. Nick Daniels hit a 3 that pulled Oakland (14-10, 6-5) within two points with two minutes to play, but Ottey made two free throws and Odiase hit a jumper to make it 76-69 and UIC made 4 of 6 free throws in the final 32 seconds to seal it.
Martez Walker had 21 points and Jalen Hayes scored 15 for Oakland. Kendrick Nunn added 20, but shot 3 of 22 from the field, including 1 of 10 from 3-point range.
SHANGHAI (AP) — The government of China awarded U.S. President Donald Trump valuable rights to his own name this week, in the form of a 10-year trademark for construction services.
The registration became official on Feb. 14 and was published in a trademark registration announcement on the website of China's Trademark Office on Wednesday.
This may well be the first foreign trademark to be handed to Trump during his presidency, but is unlikely to be the last. In China alone he has 49 pending trademark applications and 77 marks already registered in his own name, most of which will come up for renewal during his term.
Critics say Trump's global intellectual property interests could be used by foreign states as leverage over the president and may violate the emoluments clause of the U.S. Constitution, which bars public servants from accepting anything of value from foreign governments unless explicitly approved by Congress. These concerns are particularly sharp in China, where the courts and bureaucracy reflect the will of the ruling Communist Party.
The registration this week came as a surprise win for Trump after a decade of trying — and failing — to wrest the rights to his name back from a man named Dong Wei. The href='https://apnews.com/c113029cef374b29b22e0d836f41a1ef/With-Trump's-win-in-China,-will-Trump-toilets-get-flushed?'abrupt turn in Trump's bureaucratic fortunes/a once he declared his candidacy has raised questions about the extent to which his political status may be helping his family business.
Any special treatment from China would mean that Trump effectively accepted a present from Beijing, an act that would violate the Constitution, Richard Painter, chief White House ethics lawyer under President George W. Bush, said in an email. "A different conclusion might be reached if Trump had been treated like everyone else seeking a trademark, but the evidence does not point in that direction."
Alan Garten, chief legal officer of The Trump Organization, said Trump's trademark activity in China predates his election. Trump has turned management of his company over to his children and a team of executives in order to remove himself from his business and its trademark portfolio, he added.
China's State Administration for Industry and Commerce, which oversees the Trademark Office, and the foreign ministry could not be reached for comment Wednesday.
___
Associated Press researcher Fu Ting in Shanghai contributed to this report.
___
Follow Kinetz on Twitter at twitter.com/ekinetz
EMBED >More News Videos A massive fire destroyed a huge apartment complex under construction in Concord. Two people are injured and hundreds of people living next door have been evacuated.
EMBED >More News Videos A ferocious early morning fire devoured an Oakland apartment complex that was under construction and forced hundreds to evacuate while crews battled the four-alarm blaze.
Residents allowed in to get "essentials"- cats, medicine, cars from evacuated apts by concord fire #abc7news pic.twitter.com/rJY27CZBIT — Leslie Brinkley (@lrbrinkley) April 24, 2018
These concord residents got "waffle" out. But cat is still in apt after scary evacuation. Waiting to get in #abc7news pic.twitter.com/hFb95b9NwR — Leslie Brinkley (@lrbrinkley) April 24, 2018
What's left of apartments under construction in Concord after overnight fire. #abc7news pic.twitter.com/vMmusm2Vwp — Leslie Brinkley (@lrbrinkley) April 24, 2018
Just now, a huge portion of this burning construction site in Concord collapsed. Lots of smoke #abc7news pic.twitter.com/MDHbCwzjKw — Leslie Brinkley (@lrbrinkley) April 24, 2018
A massive apartment construction fire early Tuesday morning destroyed a two-block area near Todos Santos Plaza in Concord and ATF is joining the investigation into whether or not arson could be involved.Dispatchers were inundated with calls at 1 a.m., with one person describing an explosion followed by a massive fire erupting at a construction site near downtown Concord. Assistant Chief Terrence Carey, the incident commander, said fire crews arrived to find a large fire at a five-story apartment complex under construction with wood framing engulfed in flames.At least 70 firefighters converged at Galindo and Concord boulevards to fight the blaze, while 250 residents of the apartment complex across the street were told to evacuate. " I looked out the window and all I could see was a wall of flame and fire. Unfortunately, I couldn't get the cat and the apartment started to smell like smoke and we had to get out. The dog was next to me and I grabbed her," Emily Scheffler said.Three people were taken to hospitals for smokes inhalation, but no other injuries were reported.ATF investigators are joining local fire officials to pinpoint the cause just as they did in three other construction site fires in the East Bay over the last two years. Two blazes at an Emeryville construction site and another on Valdez st in Oakland last summer were deemed suspicious. "It's way too early to know if this is accidental or intentional. Also, it's too early to know if this is connected to other fires across the Bay Area," Jill Snyder with ATF said.Ash and debris rained down on nearby streets as the health department issued a warning. "Residents should avoid washing or sweeping ash and debris into storm drains as this could contribute to pollution accumulating in nearby creeks," according to Maria Duazo with Contra Costa Health Services.Evacuated residents had 10 minutes to retrieve medicine, clothes and pets from their apartments late Tuesday afternoon. One man said, "I am alive, everyone's alive, at least we made it out OK."
The "Finland Telecoms, Mobile, Broadband, and Digital Media Statistics and Analyses" report has been added to Research and Markets' offering.
This report provides a comprehensive overview of trends and developments in Finland's telecommunications market. The report analyses the mobile, internet, broadband, digital TV and converging media sectors.
Finland's telecom market is among the more progressive in Europe, with considerable emphasis by operators to test-bed technologies, particularly in the mobile and broadband sectors. These efforts have been supported by the regulator which has provided additional spectrum for telecom services and is preparing spectrum auctions in two pioneer bands to enable mobile operators to trial 5G services from 2018.
As a result of these efforts the country enjoys among the highest broadband and mobile penetration rates in the region, with customers able to make use of the latest iterations of technologies including DOCSIS3.1, carrier aggregation with LTE-A, and GPON fibre infrastructure.
Finland has developed one of most advanced mobile markets in Europe, being among the first to launch 3G and LTE services and now in the forefront of 5G developments. The regulator in late 2016 auctioned spectrum in the 700MHz to extend the availability of LTE services nationally, while it also planned to make available to network operators spectrum in the 3.5GHz band by the end of 2018. This band is one of the pioneer bands which have been assigned for 5G across Europe. The Finnish vendor Nokia Networks is involved in trialling 5G technologies, mainly in cooperation with Elisa.
Subjects Include:
Key Topics Covered:
1. Key statistics
2. Telecommunications market
3. Regulatory environment
4. Fixed network operators
5. Telecommunications infrastructure
6. Broadband market
7. Digital media
8. Mobile communications
Companies Mentioned
For more information about this report visit https://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/r83hw7/finland $page_length='long'; ?>
Name:
Nearie: Posted: 2017-08-13 @ 1:04pm PT They tell us what we want to hear now and later on down the line when they've gotten enough people accepting chip implant then the simple rules will be changed to harsher ones.
Eventually the chip will be in the right hand and it will eventually become the Mark and if you don't have it, you won't be able to buy or sell. Lisa: Posted: 2017-08-07 @ 10:36am PT The author is sap. A sucker. Congratulations to him/her in helping to issue in an era of human beings controlled like cattle. Things have finally gone way too far. And these idiots want us to go along with it. Kira: Posted: 2017-08-04 @ 9:17pm PT I think it is a next step in technology and what companies will start working toward. However, like everything else, it's going to be a long time getting there involving fighting different people's opinions. But one thing I do predict, as the different software apps are being created... apple will make it's own apps that aren't compatible with anyone else, and others will make theirs compatible together. LOL Also, it will be many years of testing and companies trying to create their own chip to make their version "the one" that conquers all others. It's like every other technology, it will take decades to be flushed out to working everywhere. I remember back in the 1980s when they started putting microchips in credit cards... and that took what, about 30 years to "make it official" that all cards had to have one and merchants had to get the new card readers. TOP STORIES NOW 1. New Nanochip Could Heal Injuries 2. Survey Says: Have Sex at 7:30 AM 3. Uber Woes: Exec Out, Investor Sues 4. Faraday Future Lowers Ambitions 5. Australian Teen Attacked by Sea Fleas MAY INTEREST YOU MORE IN DIGITAL LIFE 1. Texting Suicide: Teen Gets 15 Months 2. Employer Surveillance Now Common 3. Facebook: Tools Fight Fake News 4. Online Shopping Energizes UPS 5. HBO Downplays Cyberattack Effects
(AP Photo/Scott Smith, File). FILE - In this April 10, 2017 file photo, boxes of bottled drinking water are seen in Hardwick, a small community in the San Joaquin Valley, where drought has yet to loosen its grip on some residents near Hanford, Calif. R...
(AP Photo/Jae C. Hong, File). FILE - In this Jan. 16, 2018 file photo, Mark Waissar, 49, is silhouetted against sunset as he walks on an overpass above the Pacific Coast Highway in Santa Monica, Calif. California's water managers are carrying out their...
(AP Photo/Damian Dovarganes, File). FILE - In this Dec. 14, 2017 file photo, Los Angeles skyline is seen through burned trees after a brush fire erupted in the hills in Elysian Park in Los Angeles. California's water managers are carrying out their mid...
(AP Photo/Rich Pedroncelli, File). FILE - In this Wednesday Jan. 3, 2018 file photo, Grant Davis, director of the Dept. of Water Resources, center, discusses the results of the first snow survey of the season at the near snow barren Phillips Station...
By ELLEN KNICKMEYER and RICH PEDRONCELLI
Associated Press
PHILLIPS STATION, Calif. (AP) - California's brief escape from severe drought ended Thursday after scientists declared more than 40 percent of the state in moderate drought and water officials confirmed lower-than-normal snowpack in the Sierra Nevada.
Los Angeles, Ventura and Santa Barbara counties, which hold nearly a quarter of the state's population, were rated in severe drought.
During a week of rainless skies and some record-high temperatures in Southern California, water officials also trekked into the Sierra Nevada on Thursday and manually measured the vital snowpack, which stood at less than a third of normal for the date.
"It's not nearly where we'd like to be," Frank Gehrke, a state official, said of the snow, which supplies water to millions of Californians in a good, wet year.
Los Angeles and some surrounding areas have received only one significant rainstorm in nearly a year.
In Ventura and Santa Barbara counties, which are about 100 miles (160 kilometers) north of Los Angeles, the lack of rain and dry vegetation fueled a December wildfire that grew to be the largest recorded in state history. When it finally rained, the storm triggered mudslides that killed at least 21.
For people who survived the mudslides, looking out at clear and sunny skies again Thursday was a relief despite the deepening drought.
"I know we need rain, but another mudslide would be awful," said Santa Barbara restaurant hostess Cayla Stretz.
Survivors in her area are still digging out homes, many beaches and roads are closed by mud, and business is down in the beach town, Stretz said.
It took a near-record rainy winter in Northern California last year to snap the near-record five-year dry spell.
Last year's rain has most of the state's reservoirs higher than usual, a bright spot, said Doug Carlson, a state Department of Water Resources spokesman. Two months remain in the state's peak rain and snow season, leaving room for hope, Carlson said.
Gov. Jerry Brown lifted California's drought state of emergency in April, but it took until September for the last bit of the state to emerge from the severe category of that drought - until now.
Only 13 percent of the state was considered in drought last week, according to the U.S. Drought Monitor, which is a project of several government agencies and their partners.
During the peak of the state's dry spell, 99.9 percent of California was in some stage of drought and nearly half fell into the very highest category.
Cutbacks at the peak of the five-year state drought mandated 25 percent conservation by cities and towns.
State water officials announced no new water-cutting measures Thursday, saying only that conservation had to be a way of life in arid California.
The years of disappointing winters and competition for remaining water supplies devastated native species ranging from Chinook salmon to pine forests, dried many household wells in the state's middle, and compelled farmers to plunge other wells deep into the earth in search of irrigation water.
In California's Central Valley, the nation's richest agricultural producer, government officials had to install water systems during and after the five-year drought for small towns such as East Porterville, after household wells dried.
Even so, deliveries of bottled water continued this week to people outside East Porterville's city limits, said resident Elva Beltran, one of many volunteers who helped neighbors without water.
For many in rural central California, "It never ended," she said of the drought.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Colombia's president Juan Manuel Santos says no Latin America country would accept any form of U.S. military intervention in Venezuela and that it should never even be considered.
Santos held a joint news conference Sunday in Cartagena with visiting U.S. Vice President Mike Pence.
President Donald Trump said Friday that he will not rule out the possible use of the U.S. military to help restore democracy to Venezuela.
Recalling more than a century of U.S. military action throughout Latin America, Santos said no Latin leader wants “that phantom” to reappear.
He said a return to democracy in Venezuela must be peaceful, calling America a “continent of peace…let us preserve it as such.”
Pence did not rule out using military force, but he did not directly talk about it either.
He said there are may option available to pressure the Maduro regime in Venezuela, including more economic and diplomatic pressure. He assured Santos and everyone that the U.S. will not stand by as Venezuela “crumbles” and slides into dictatorship.
He said a failed state in Venezuela endangers the entire continent. He said Trump sent him to Latin America to marshal and consolidate regional support for the need to help the Venezuelan people.
Earlier Sunday, CIA Director Mike Pompeo told Fox News Sunday that Trump talked about the possibility of military actionto “give the Venezuelan people hope and opportunity to create a situation where democracy can be restored.” Venezuela called Trump's threat “reckless.”
Colombia is the first stop on Pence's week-long trip to to Latin America, which includes visits to Argentina, Chile, and Panama.
Pence and Santos also discussed drug and cocaine trafficking and Colombia's so-far successful peace agreement ending 50 years of war with FARC rebels.
In Chile, Pence will face questions over the U.S. withdrawal from the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade pact, Chile's U.S. ambassador Juan Gabriel Valdes told the VOA Spanish service. “With or without the U.S., we will continue working in the Asia Pacific to push for an agreement that results in clear rules for everyone,” Valdes said.
He added that his nation hopes the United States does not follow through on the threat to leave the Paris climate agreement because Chile believes that climate change is real.
U.S. trading partner Panama, home to the Panama Canal, established diplomatic ties with China in June, and Pence's upcoming visit comes against the backdrop of a growing Chinese trade role in the region. [Read More]
—–
Source: VOA News: Disasters and Accidents
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
Along the way, Mr. Bleck has become a kind of cultural fixture, joining a tradition of beloved oddball Berlin characters that dates to the 19th century.
Photo
Back then, Jewish Berliners imported Parisian-style cafe and cabaret culture to their city, said Burkhard Meyer-Sickendiek, a literature professor at Berlin's Free University. “It was a funny way of engaging with bourgeois Prussian society, and became an important part of Jewish intellectual life.”
In Mr. Bleck — whose recent rhymes include “Kiss kiss, smoochy smoochy, how embarrassing! It's Scaramucci,” which works in German as well as English — Mr. Meyer-Sickendiek sees an heir to the Jewish humorists of that time. (One of those in the 19th century, Julius Stettenheim, had a routine in which he pretended to be reporting from the front during the Russian-Turkish War while wearing a bathrobe and drinking a beer.)
“Berlin loves these kinds of people,” Mr. Meyer-Sickendiek added. “People who don't behave as you're expected to.”
Mr. Bleck has a lengthy list of longtime fans. In one evening, those professing admiration included multiple waitresses, the deputy editor-in-chief of the giant national tabloid Bild, Florian von Heintze, and a former German defense minister, Volker Rühe. “I've known him for 20 years and I hope he does this for another 20,” Mr. Rühe said.
Nevertheless, Mr. Bleck still faces a nightly challenge of winning over the vast majority of his public, the tourists and local people who have never heard of him. “At first, I always stutter and stumble,” he said. “My self-confidence vacillates a lot, from day to day. Sometimes people think I'm homeless, selling this ‘street sheet.' ”
On this particular night, Paris Moskau was almost empty. Mr. Bleck got into position next to a table — papers across his chest like a shield, eyes fixed to the ground — and, in his lyrical voice, began reciting. After a sale, he headed quickly to Zollpackhof, a riverside beer garden with a view of the German chancellery.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The first tables ignored him, as he urged, “Pay 250 cents! If not for the paper, then for the talent!”
Photo
By the fourth table, though, under a grand old chestnut tree, Mr. Bleck hit his stride: the guests beamed up at him, throwing their heads back with laughter. One drinker protested he was no longer capable of reading the paper. “You'll be sober in the morning!” countered Mr. Bleck. A quarter of an hour later he had sold 16 papers and was off, walking briskly through the darkened government district toward more lively streets.
At the upscale wine bar and restaurant Lutter & Wegner, the manager, Sasha-Michael Gruel, smiled at Mr. Bleck as he came in. “Anyone who comes to Berlin, or lives here, they recognize he belongs to traditional Berlin,” said Mr. Gruel.
While it is not entirely clear that everyone who buys a paper from Mr. Bleck ever reads it, Ulf Poschardt, editor-in-chief of Die Welt, is happy that Mr. Bleck now sells his exclusively. “I was always fascinated by him,” said Mr. Poschardt, who said he always buys a copy from the poet when he sees him, but has never told Mr. Bleck that he actually runs the newspaper.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“We all know the future is digital,” he said. “ But people like him show all the romanticism of old journalism. He makes this effort we put into our newspaper really poetic.”
Poetry initially played only a small role in Mr. Bleck's life. He did win a poetry prize as a teenager in East Germany, but he dropped out of a poetry club out of boredom and moved on to other things.
Trained to operate an offset printing press, he became so nervous before his qualifying test that he failed. Later, having passed the test, he found the work unbearably dull. “If you're creative, it's really monotonous,” he said.
Mr. Bleck began by selling newspapers part-time. His first night on the job, he sold only 20. “The guy I was working for said, ‘That won't do!' ” Then Mr. Bleck remembered the Christmas poems he had to recite as a child before he could receive his presents. “I decided to make a poem, out of desperation,” he said. It worked, and his unusual career was launched.
Photo
It was only in 2008 that Mr. Bleck discovered he had ADHD. “I thought maybe I had it,” he said. “I'm chaotic, sometimes I have a hard time sending in my bills on time. I know that I dumbfound people.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Ultimately, he decided against taking medication, reasoning that he was happy with his current life, working three hours a day, five days a week, and living in a small, unrenovated apartment. “I'm getting older,” he said. “Sometimes I worry that I have nothing saved, and think I should get a different job, not just live from reciting poems for people at night.”
As the night stretched on, the poet found his flow. In low-lit dining rooms and at sidewalk tables, the responses grew warmer and warmer. “It touches the heart,” said Sabine Dozel, visiting from Hamburg, as she bought a paper from Mr. Bleck at the French restaurant Entrecôte.
“He should be the press speaker for the White House,” said Christian Sommer, a movie industry lobbyist who was sitting nearby.
Outside Borchardt, where the creative class drinks champagne, a woman in silver high heels asked Mr. Bleck if he had another job, too. “No,” he said. “That's why I can really blossom here.”
At the end of the night, Mr. Bleck rested at the bar in the back of an Italian eatery that has a standing order for one copy of Die Welt. He admitted he often feels has not accomplished enough, that his fear of larger, cabaret theater-style audiences can be debilitating. Still, he said, he is happy with what he does.
Setting down his Coke, Mr. Bleck picked up one of the few unsold papers. “Studies show it's much easier to concentrate on the printed word, that you can pay a lot more attention without things flashing at you all the time,” Mr. Bleck said. “In our world, everything is too fast, it's all rushing by us. But a newspaper, it's something you can hold on to.”
It only took 20 years for Brie Larson to become an overnight success.
The Oscar-winning star of the drama Room and the future Captain Marvel herself has been acting since she was a child.
At age six, the Sacramento native became the youngest student ever to attend the American Conservatory Theatre in San Francisco.
Acting in childhood, Larson says, “Was a playground for me to be able to express all these things that were confusing to me, or things I wanted to know more about, to try on different people, different ways of doing things."
The self-described shy child began her career in television. She made her film debut in the 1999 movie, Special Delivery, and appeared in such films as 13 Going on 30, Sleepover and Hoot, graduating to roles in Scott Pilgrim vs. the World, 21 Jump Street, Rampart and The Spectacular Now; on television, she starred in the United States of Tara, among other projects.
In 2013, Larson, 27, was in two films — Don Jon and Short Term 12 — that brought her critical attention. Trainwreck and Room made 2015 a ‘breakout' year for the young actress, and she is currently in theatres starring in Kong: Skull Island.
Later this year, Larson will make her feature directorial debut with Unicorn Store; she also stars in the movie alongside Samuel L. Jackson, Joan Cusack and Bradley Whitford.
This week, Larson's new movie, Free Fire, opens in theatres. The blackly comic crime caper from director Ben Wheatley (Kill List) is a shoot ‘em up about a small arms deal gone wrong; Larson stars in Free Fire with Armie Hammer, Sharlto Copley, Cillian Murphy and Noah Taylor.
Martin Scorsese is the executive producer.
We spoke to Brie Larson when she was at the Toronto International film festival to promote Free Fire.
Had you encountered director Ben Wheatley in the past?
“I had watched his films. You hear good things from other actors.”
Wheatley has said the game Counter Strike was one source of inspiration for Free Fire.
“It did feel like a long game of Laser Tag. [Laughs]. It's really entertaining, but there's a lot more going on under the surface.”
And it was shot in Brighton. You must be travelling the world these days?
“That's just how it goes. At least it's usually a couple of months in one spot, which is usually enough to get a handle on a place. I'm grateful for that. And I love the fact I've worked in so many places. But we're always constantly moving around, so that's why certain moments, like a banquet or a gala or an awards' ceremony, when you see someone again, it's an amazing chance! It's like a reunion because you run into so many people. Recently I was shooting in Montreal and Jen Lawrence was shooting at the same time and it was incredible that we got to spend weekends together. We were like, ‘How could we be so lucky?' You get so used to being on your own, and exploring a new place and meeting new people all the time, so it's such a treat when there's a friend there.”
Can we talk about change in your life? A year ago you were here to promote Room, and now you have an Oscar for that movie. And a huge public profile.
“I think it's kind of a typical thing — a year later, so much has changed and so much has stayed the same. A lot of things about my public persona have changed, in that more people know what my face looks like, but all of the intimate details — like my private life, the friends I have, how I take my coffee — that's all the same. It's an intriguing experience being back here after a year, because I'm the same, but I've noticed that my public perception has changed.”
That public perception is going to change again with your Captain Marvel role, right?
"That wasn't my motivation for doing it. I have very specific reasons for doing film, and they don't have to do with me, or getting my face plastered on more objects. It's about the material. And movies live on and can be places I can't, and I want to be conscious about what that is that I'm presenting to the world. And what those representations of life are, and how they're being shared. And obviously, Marvel is such an incredible platform to be able to share in storytelling, and I think that what Captain Marvel represents, and what this film is shaping up to be, has a message that's undeniably important to the world right now.”
How do you feel about this sudden flood of attention on you?
“I'm a pretty private person; so much of my day-to-day is much the same. The beauty of being a 20-year overnight success is that I've had a lot of time to have a clear understanding of what I'm interested in and why it fills me up. This job can be really draining on one side, because it's a lot of giving. You're giving emotionally when you're playing a character, you're giving emotionally when you're doing interviews, when you're meeting with fans. It's an act of service. You have to find a way to balance it up with things that are for yourself, that fill you back up again. I feel like I'm still learning about that balance, because the output is more than what it was. But my overall life is the same. I'm in the same body I was always in.”
Is this film festival in Toronto different for you now?
“This TIFF experience is bizarre. [Laughs] It's like, a year ago I could walk around anywhere and nobody cared what I was doing. That's a weird, sort of, out-of-body experience now that I'm the same, but everyone around me has sort of changed. But it's wonderful! I'm so incredibly grateful for this last year and for what TIFF has brought into my life.”
Twitter: @LizBraunSun
LBraun@postmedia.com
---
REMEMBER THIS?
Brie Larson is such a chameleon that you've likely seen her in more than a few films without even realizing it.
Here are five Brie Larson movies you forgot she was in:
RIGHT ON TRACK (2003)
In this made for TV Disney movie, baby-faced Larson and Beverley Mitchell starred as Courtney and Erica Enders, real-life drag-racing sisters who challenged a male dominated sport and won.
HOOT (2006)
Larson and Logan Lerman star as dedicated kids trying to protect an endangered species of owl from a massive construction project. Luke Wilson plays a cop; also with Tim Blake Nelson, Cody Linley.
TANNER HALL (2009)
This is cheating, because the movie was never really released into theatres. But still — here's Larson starring with Rooney Mara, Amy Seders and Tom Everett Scott in a coming of age (and sexual awakening) drama about a girls' boarding school.
21 JUMP STREET (2012)
How could you forget? In this comedy about two moronic young cops sent to work undercover in a high school, Larson plays Jonah Hill's adorable love interest.
THE GAMBLER (2014)
Larson is the spunky love interest opposite Mark Wahlberg in the story of a literature professor leading a double life — as a gambling addict. Larson plays one of Wahlberg's students, but she also works part-time in a casino, so she knows both sides of his story. Drama also stars Jessica Lange and John Goodman.
-Liz Braun
Saudi king to launch ‘entertainment city'
Saudi King Salman will launch the construction of an “entertainment city” near Riyadh Wednesday, authorities said, part of a series of multi-billion dollar projects as the kingdom seeks to diversity its oil-reliant economy.
The 334-square kilometre project in Qiddiya, southwest of Riyadh, would rival Walt Disney and include high-end theme parks, motor sport facilities and a safari park, officials say.
The facility highlights a “relentless effort to develop giga-projects that will help achieve many direct and indirect economic returns”, project official Fahd bin Abdullah Tounsi was quoted as saying in a government statement on Monday.
Qiddiya chief executive Michael Reininger said he expects the project will draw foreign investors in entertainment and other sectors, but did not specify the total cost of construction.
Such projects are the brainchild of Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman, a self-styled liberal change agent who is the chief architect of the sweeping “Vision 2030” reform programme.
Saudi Arabia has dazzled investors with several plans for hi-tech “giga projects”, funded in part by its sovereign wealth fund, but some sceptics question their viability in an era of cheap oil.
The kingdom has unveiled blueprints to build NEOM, a mega project billed as a regional Silicon Valley, in addition to the Red Sea project, a reef-fringed resort destination — both worth hundreds of billions of dollars.
Analysts say the projects could create funding pressures at a time when the government faces a yawning budget deficit and growth in the kingdom's non-oil economy is only slowly gathering pace.
The reform stems partly from an economic motive to boost domestic spending on entertainment as the kingdom has been reeling from an oil slump since 2014.
Saudis currently splurge billions of dollars annually to see films and visit amusement parks in neighbouring tourist hubs like Dubai and Bahrain.
In February, Saudi Arabia's General Entertainment Authority (GEA) announced it will stage more than 5,000 festivals and concerts in 2018, double the number of last year, and pump $64 billion in the sector in the coming decade.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper – Nigeria and World News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Federal health officials are cracking down on underage use of a popular e-cigarette brand following months of complaints from parents, politicians and school administrators.
The Food and Drug Administration said Tuesday it has issued warnings to 40 retail and online stores as part of a nationwide operation against illegal sales of Juul to children.
FDA regulators also are asking manufacturer Juul Labs to turn over documents about the design, marketing and ingredients of its devices. The rare request particularly focuses on whether certain product features are directly appealing to young people.
Like other e-cigarettes, Juul is an electronic device that turns liquid — usually containing nicotine — into an inhalable vapor. Thanks in part to its resemblance to a small computer flash drive, Juul has become popular with some teenagers as a discreet way to vape at school and in public.
Health advocates have worried about the popularity of vaping products among kids and the potential impact on adult smoking rates in the future. A recent government-commissioned report found "substantial evidence" that young people who use e-cigarettes are more likely to try cigarettes.
FDA Commissioner Scott Gottlieb said the agency plans additional actions in coming weeks.
"This isn't the only product that we're looking at, and this isn't the only action we're going to be taking to target youth access to tobacco products, and e-cigarettes, in particular," Gottlieb said in an interview.
Juul sales have exploded over the past two years and the brand now accounts for 55 percent of the U.S. market for e-cigarettes, according to industry figures. That's up from just 5 percent of the market in 2016.
The San Francisco-based company said in a statement it agrees with the FDA that underage of its products is "unacceptable."
"We already have in place programs to identify and act upon these violations at retail and online marketplaces, and we will have more aggressive plans to announce in the coming days," the statement read.
Juul Labs says it monitors retailers to ensure they are following the law. Its age verification system searches public records and sometimes requires customers to upload a photo ID.
E-cigarettes have grown into a $4 billion industry in the U.S. despite little research on their long-term effects, including whether they are helpful in helping smokers quit cigarettes.
That's the sales pitch made by Juul and many other e-cigarette manufacturers: "Juul delivers nicotine satisfaction akin to a cigarette in a format that's as simple and easy to use," states the company's website. A Juul "starter kit" can be ordered online for $49.99. The company's website is intended to only sell to customers ages 21 and up.
The FDA gained authority to regulate e-cigarettes in 2016, but anti-smoking advocates have criticized the agency for not policing the space more aggressively to stop companies from appealing to underage users, particularly with flavors like mango, cool cucumber and creme brulee.
"These are very positive steps and demonstrate that FDA recognizes the problem of youth use is very serious," said Matthew Myers, of the Campaign for Tobacco-Free Kids. "But they don't address the biggest issue that the FDA is not enforcing its own rules."
Myers' group contends that Juul and several other e-cigarette companies have recently launched new flavors and varieties without seeking FDA authorization. That step is mandatory under the FDA regulations put in place summer of 2016.
———
The Associated Press Health & Science Department receives support from the Howard Hughes Medical Institute's Department of Science Education. The AP is solely responsible for all content.
STOCKHOLM (AP) — Swedish low-cost fashion brand Hennes & Mauritz AB says its fourth-quarter profit fell to 3.99 billion kronor ($506 million), down from 5.91 billion kronor.
Sales during the same period have dropped 2 percent to 50.4 million kronor ($6.4 million) as "the industry changes are challenging everyone and this will continue in 2018."
CEO Karl-Johan Persson says "at the heart of the transformation is digitalization and it is driving the need to transform and re-think faster and faster."
Persson said Wednesday the group's 2017 performance "was mixed," adding there were "difficulties."
In recent weeks, the Stockholm-based group had been accused of racism over an ad showing a black child dressed in a hoodie reading "coolest monkey in the jungle" for which H&M has apologized.
MISHAWAKA, Ind. (AP) - An electric vehicle startup announced Wednesday that it is retooling an Indiana factory and hopes to conduct trial runs for two new lines of vehicles by the end of the year.
State officials say SF Motors, a Silicon Valley-based subsidiary of China's Chongqing Sokon Industry Group, plans to hire back some workers who were laid off when AM General halted operations at its Mishawaka plant last year.
The company says it will spend $160 million to buy, renovate and retool the factory, which will serve as the company's main U.S. manufacturing plant. It plans to employ up to 467 workers.
To secure the deal, the state of Indiana is offering the company $3.8 million in tax credits and up to $500,000 for worker training. The state is also offering an additional $653,000 in tax credits through a program that encourages companies to take over existing out-of-operation facilities.
Saint Joseph County, where the factory is located, is also considering an economic incentives package for the company.
Republican Gov. Eric Holcomb joined company officials for the announcement on Wednesday.
"With a world of options, we're thrilled SF Motors chose to expand in Indiana. We look forward to witnessing their continued success in Indiana as they develop 21st-century solutions with the help of our talented Hoosier workforce," Holcomb said in a statement.
The South Bend Tribune previously reported that the plant made Mercedes-Benz R-Class vehicles for Chinese buyers and the Hummer H2.
In March, SF Motors officials showed off two crossover SUVs vehicles, the SF5 and SF7, at its Santa Clara, California, headquarters. Both vehicles are slated for production at the Indiana factory.
The plant will handle full production of the vehicles, from body welding to battery production and final assembly.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
FG Moves To Boost Power Supply, Ratifies $186.6m Afam Power Plant
By Jonathan Nda- Isaiah
In a bid to improve power supply in the country, the Federal government yesterday ratified the Afam emergency fast power plant.
This was disclosed by the Minister of Power, works and Housing, Babatunde Fashola after the Federal executive council meeting presided over by acting President, Yemi Osinbajo at the Presidential Villa.
Fashola said the council ratified the earlier approval given for General Electric to undertake that project so that the country can complete 240MW of emergency power through 830MW turbines this year.
He further stated that council also approved the contract for the construction and rehabilitation of the sub-station to enable the evacuation of the power, once the turbines are installed.
“The other one is consistent with infrastructure development in the country is the memo for the Afam emergency fast power which is part of the ministry's roadmap for incremental power to the grid.
“The total package for the Afam power plant is $186.6million and the contract for the substation is $2.207million for the components that are offshore and N133.184million for the local components.
Fashola also said FEC gave approval for the reimbursement of Kwara State government to undertake the construction of the Kayamakishe road which is a road that serves the Agricultural belt that produces Agro Product between Oyo and Kwara state.
He said Kwara state has applied to be allowed to take that road on the basis that they will be refunded at sometime in the future.
” We have actually received anticipatory approval from Mr. President and Council has ratified that approval for them to continue. The road contract is N7.943billion, he added.
The post FG Moves To Boost Power Supply, Ratifies $186.6m Afam Power Plant appeared first on leadership.ng.
This post was syndicated from leadership.ng. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
By MARIA DANILOVA
Associated Press
WASHINGTON (AP) - New federal data show that black students continue to be expelled and suspended from school much more frequently than their white peers.
The report released by the Education Department on Tuesday is likely to add to an already tense national debate about what causes such racial disparities. Civil rights groups believe that racial bias is at play and insist that federal protections are necessary. Other experts say that imposing discipline restrictions on schools causes chaos in classrooms.
Education Secretary Betsy DeVos is considering scrapping Obama-era rules that were meant to counter those disparities.
Data shows that while black students represented 8 percent of all enrolled students in 2015-2016, they accounted for 25 percent of suspensions. Black girls made up 8 percent of all students and 14 percent of suspensions.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
A former fraudster who breached her community order by failing to attend with a probation officer has been given 16 weeks of custody suspended for 12 months.
Chesterfield magistrates' court heard on June 12 how Leanne Foreman, 22, of Oaks Farm Close, Calow, Chesterfield, was originally sentenced to a community order for five offences of fraud in August, 2016.
However, she failed to comply with community order requirements on or after January 31 by failing to attend with a probation officer.
Defence solicitor Denny Lau said: “She handed herself in at Chesterfield police station on June 12.
“She is pregnant and she knows she cannot run away with this on her shoulder.
“She said in a message that she has been subject to nasty threats that acid will be thrown on her by an ex-partner.
“She has not been attending probation and the Chesterfield town centre area because she is terrified.”
Mr Lau explained that Foreman has since found out that her former partner has been sentenced to a two year custodial sentence and if she had known that sooner she would have handed herself before now.
Foreman has also found it difficult to comply with unpaid work, according to Mr Lau, because she was working with other males.
The defendant admitted breaching her community order by failing to attend with a probation officer.
District Judge Andrew Davison said Foreman has a “dreadful record” with convictions for robbery and dishonesty and he urged her to take this opportunity to work with the probation service.
He sentenced Foreman to 16 weeks of custody suspended for 12 months with a 30 day Rehabilitation Activity requirement and she must also pay £60 costs.
This one's for the fans. T Mobile (NASDAQ TMUS) today announced a major new fundraising effort for the ongoing hurricane relief and recovery efforts. The Un carrier is giving at least $1 million to Team Rubicon for hurricane recovery, but more than cash, T Mobile is using its platform as the Official Wireless Sponsor of MLB to raise awareness and possibly drive the total much higher throughout the MLB Postseason. T Mobile's pledging to donate $10,000 per postseason home run, and with 14 home runs already hit during the Wild Card games and the American League Division Series, the donation pot has $140,000 in it off the bat.
And, beginning today, during Game 1 of the National League Division Series, the Un-carrier's inviting fans to get in on the action and push that total up over a million. Each time someone tweets with #HR4HR, T-Mobile will donate another $1 to Team Rubicon's recovery efforts, all the way up to an extra $500,000 on top of the money raised when players go yard. The Un-carrier is also continuing its support of 'Text to Give', enabling customers to donate directly to help those in need. T-Mobile customers can text MARIA, HARVEY or IRMA to 90999 to donate $10 to American Red Cross regional relief efforts, and donations will appear on their next month's bill.
"Puerto Rico, Texas and Florida are home to some of the biggest baseball fans in the world, and they need our help. So we're stepping up," said John Legere, president and CEO of T-Mobile. "Plus, throughout the MLB Postseason, we're turning the biggest moments of the game into moments that really matter with every home run worth $10,000 - and every fan's tweet with #HR4HR adding to the relief effort."
T-Mobile's partnering with fellow changemaker Team Rubicon to help those in need. Team Rubicon is a nonprofit organization that offers veterans a chance to continue their service by helping and empowering those afflicted by disasters. The organization employs an innovative approach to delivering disaster relief by uniting the skills and experiences of military veterans to rapidly deploy emergency response teams. T-Mobile will present their Team Rubicon donation during the 2017 World Series.
As an official sponsor of Major League Baseball for five seasons and counting, T-Mobile has given customers a number of perks, including the MLB At Bat app for free, free subscriptions to MLB.tv and amazing MLBShop.com deals. Now, the Un-carrier is going all in for those impacted by the recent hurricanes- and giving everyone the chance to get involved with #HR4HR.
To learn more about #HR4HR, visit www.t-mobile.com/MLB.
About T-Mobile US, Inc. As America's Un-carrier, T-Mobile US, Inc. (NASDAQ: TMUS) is redefining the way consumers and businesses buy wireless services through leading product and service innovation. Our advanced nationwide 4G LTE network delivers outstanding wireless experiences to 69.6 million customers who are unwilling to compromise on quality and value. Based in Bellevue, Washington, T-Mobile US provides services through its subsidiaries and operates its flagship brands, T-Mobile and MetroPCS. For more information, please visit http://www.t-mobile.com.
Chelsea striker Diego Costa is ready to pen a new £57million five-year contract after turning down a big-money move to China. (The Sun)
Germany goalkeeper Manuel Neuer dismissed speculation linking him to Manchester City, saying that there has been “no contact” between himself and former Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola. (The Independent)
Tottenham defender Danny Rose has snubbed £14.5m-a-year offer from Shanghai SIPG to stay at White Hart Lane and win trophies. (The Sun)
Atletico Madrid's highly-rated forward Antoine Griezmann has moved to cool speculation that he is set for a summer switch to Manchester United, admitting that he has ‘doubts' about moving the England. (Daily Mirror)
Out of favour winger Nolito has been warned he needs to improve his performances on the training pitch if he wants to return to first team action at Manchester City. (Daily Mail)
Jose Mourinho will sit down with Swedish striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic to discuss his Manchester United future this week. (The Sun)
Manchester United failed with an £84m swoop for Thomas Muller last summer, according to Bayern Munich's Jan-Christian Dreeson. (Daily Star)
Chelsea and Tottenham are ready to pounce for Isco after Real Madrid stalled contract talks with the Spanish playmaker until the end of the season. The 24-year-old's current deal expires at the end of next season. (The Sun)
West Ham midfielder Mark Noble has opened up on his football future, admitting he cannot see himself playing for another club between now and the time he retires from the game. (Daily Mail)
Manchester United are interested in making a move for Croatian midfielder Milan Badelj after scouting the Fiorentina star earlier this month. (The Sun)
Tottenham will make another attempt to lure Crystal Palace star Wilfried Zaha to White Hart Lane in the summer. (Daily Express)
Arsenal, Watford and Lazio are set to battle it out for the signature of teenage Toulouse star Alban Lafont. The highly-rated 18-year-old goalkeeper has been a sensation in Ligue 1 and has caught the eye of several clubs. (Various)
Exiled Chelsea star Diego Costa has given a withering assessment of head coach Antonio Conte and accused the Premier League champions of treating him as if he were a ‘criminal'.
Costa was Chelsea's top scorer with 20 goals as they secured a second league title in three years last season but Conte has since informed the Spain international he does not feature in his first-team plans.
The manner of this rejection provides a major flash point in the current stand-off, with Costa claiming Conte dumped him via text message when he was away on international duty in June.
Chelsea maintains the 28-year-old forward has been aware of their plans since January, around the time he was heavily linked with a move to Tianjin Quanjian in the Chinese Super League.
The upshot is Costa going AWOL, back to his hometown of Lagarto in Brazil, where UK newspaper the Daily Mail tracked him down at his family home while watching the Blues' shock 3-2 defeat to Burnley.
A return to former club Atletico Madrid remains the desired option for Costa, who is presently racking up fines as he refuses to return to Chelsea and train with the reserves.
‘I wouldn't be allowed access to the first-team dressing room and I would have no contact at all with the guys,' he explained. “I'm not a criminal! I don't think it is fair after all I have done to be treated like that.
‘They gave me a week extra off [at the start of pre-season training] but since then it's fines all the way.
‘They want me training with the reserves. I am not going to do that. I am not a criminal and I am not in the wrong here. So, if they need to fine me, let them fine me.'
Atletico's player registration ban would prevent Costa from playing for them until January but the forward is willing to remain out of action for as long as it takes his Chelsea ordeal to play out.
‘I am open to being a year in Brazil without playing, even if Chelsea fine me for a year and don't pay me,' he said.
‘I'll come back stronger. If I was in the wrong, I'd go back now and do as they say.
‘My desire is to go to Atletico. I've spoken to Chelsea director Marina Granovskaia. I said, “If the manager doesn't want me, I want to go to Atletico Madrid”.
‘I have rejected other offers. They want to sell me to China or other teams. If I'm off, I'm going to the club I want to go to – not the club that's paying the most.'
Costa claimed to have been on the verge of signing a new contract at Stamford Bridge but accused Conte of ‘putting the brakes on' and sees no prospect of reconciliation with the Italian, who brought in club-record signing Alvaro Morata as his replacement.
‘His ideas are very fixed and clear,' Costa said of Conte. ‘I have seen the sort of person he is. He has his own opinion and that will not change.
‘I respect him as a great coach. He has done a good job and I can see that, but as a person, no. He is not a coach who is very close with his players. He is very distant. He doesn't possess charisma.'
As for the infamous text message, that is set to remain on Costa's phone for posterity.
‘There are ways of going about it. You don't do it by text message. You should be honest and direct to someone's face,' he added.
‘I was angry at the time. Now I am more calm. I have not deleted the message. If people accuse me of lying, I can show them.'
– This story originally appeared on FourFourTwo.co.za
Providing air-conditioning units for inmates is not a “special privilege,” Justice Secretary Vitaliano Aguirre II said on Wednesday.
Aguirre clarified this even as he reiterated that he had not ordered anyone to give high profile inmates detained at the Armed Forces of the Philippines' custodial center in Camp Crame special privileges as reported in the media.
READ: No proof cons vs De Lima enjoying special treatment—Aguirre
ADVERTISEMENT
“Yun nga sinasabi ko ‘yung paglagay ng air-con, hindi ‘yan special privilege. Although hindi ko sinabi maglagay kayo nu'ng air-con, ‘yung initial, nu'ng una pa lamang nakulong ‘yung mga high profile inmates sa AFP detention center, sobrang init to such an extent na ang blood pressure nila tumataas ang hanggang 235,” he said in an interview at the Senate after his appointment was approved by the Commission on Appointments.
(I don't think putting air-cons is a special privilege. I did not initially order the rooms to have air-con units, but it was so hot for the inmates at the AFP detention center, that the blood pressure of the inmates would shoot up to 235.)
“Sabi sakin nu'ng mga SAF (Special Action Force) at gwardya: ‘Sec. ‘pag hindi ginawaan ng paraan ‘yan, mamamatay ‘yang dalawang ‘yan.' It's just so happened na I was informed na hindi lang pala dalawa ang tumataas ang blood pressure kung hindi lima at siguro naman, hindi mo mamasamain.”
(The SAF guards told me, “Sec., if we do not something about the situation, two of them would die.” It just so happened that I was informed that there were five inmates whose blood pressure would shoot up. I don't think you could fault me for that.)
But Aguirre said he had no idea that the inmates were given air-con units if the report was true.
“Akala noon lalagyan lang nila noon bang parang cooler pero hindi ko alam na naglagay pala ng air-con (I thought they would just put a cooler, I did not know air-cons were placed instead),” he said.
The Justice Secretary then turned the table at his predecessor, Senator Leila de Lima, who first reported to the media about the special privileges that he had allegedly ordered for inmates, who had testified against her at the House of Representatives.
Several convicted prisoners had testified against De Lima for alleged involvement in the proliferation of illegal drugs at the New Bilbid Prison when she was still Justice Secretary.
Aguirre noted that the custodial center in Camp Crame was so small compared to the so-called “kubol” at the Bilibid during De Lima's time.
“I was told also by the high-profile inmates that even when the Bilibid 19 was transferred to the NBI (National Bureau of Investigation), Secretary De Lima immediately ordered big air-conditioning units, dalawa (two), upon the request of Peter Co; because of that, napakalamig daw nu'ng cell sa NBI (it was really cold at the NBI cell),” Aguirre said. IDL
Report: Uber Paid Off Hacker To Destroy Stolen User Data
Uber paid $100,000 to a 20-year-old Florida man responsible for the recently disclosed data breach that compromised the personal information of 57 million riders and drivers in 2016, multiple sources told Reuters.
Three people familiar with the incident said an unidentified Florida man contacted Uber after breaching a server in October and stealing information including the names and email addresses of ride-share users in the U.S. and abroad, Reuters reported Wednesday.
The culprit's message was forwarded to Uber's "bug bounty" team and ultimately made its way to HackerOne, a third party company that awards researchers for revealing security flaws in clients' products.
HackerOne subsequently paid the person $100,000 in exchange for erasing the stole Uber data, the sources told Reuters.
Uber announced Nov. 21 that hackers breached a third-party server last year and stole the names and email addresses of 57 million users, among other personal information.
"At the time of the incident, we took immediate steps to secure the data and shut down further unauthorized access by the individuals," Uber CEO Dara Khosrowshahi said in the announcement. "We subsequently identified the individuals and obtained assurances that the downloaded data had been destroyed. We also implemented security measures to restrict access to and strengthen controls on our cloud-based storage accounts."
Mr. Khosrowshahi learned of the incident after becoming Uber's chief executive in August, and he's since terminated two employees implicated in its response,Joe Sullivan, Uber's former head of security, and a deputy, attorney Craig Clark.
Another three members of Uber's security subsequently resigned from their roles last week.
Reuters didn't identify the Florida hacker by name, but a source described him as "living with his mom in a small home trying to help pay the bills."
Uber declined to pursue criminal charges after determining that the person didn't pose an additional threat and eventually paid the hacker after confirming their identity and making them sign a nondisclosure agreement, Reuters reported.
"In all cases when a bug bounty award is processed through HackerOne, we receive identifying information of the recipient in the form of an IRS W-9 or W-8BEN form before payment of the award can be made," HackerOne CEO Marten Mickos told Reuters.
Uber spokesman Matt Kallman declined to comment, the report said.
Uber has come under fire since disclosing the data breach last month more than a year after the fact, and the incident is currently being reviewed by state and federal regulators in the U.S. and abroad.
Sen. Bill Nelson, Florida Democrat, cited Uber's delayed admission while reintroducing legislation last week that carries prison time for corporate executives caught deliberately concealing data breaches such as the October 2016 incident.
"We need a strong federal law in place to hold companies truly accountable for failing to safeguard data or inform consumers when that information has been stolen by hackers," Mr. Nelson said in a statement. "Congress can either take action now to pass this long overdue bill or continue to kowtow to special interests who stand in the way of this commonsense proposal. When it comes to doing what's best for consumers, the choice is clear."
© 2017 Washington Times under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
A Japanese industrial group has unveiled a swimming robot designed be used underwater to probe damage from meltdowns at the Fukushima Dai-Ichi nuclear plant after the March 2011 earthquake and tsunami.
Remote controlled robots are key to the decades-long decommissioning process, but super-high radiation and structural damage hampered earlier attempts to probe damage to the reactors from meltdowns following a massive earthquake and tsunami in March 2011.
The developers said Thursday they plan to send the probe into the primary containment vessel of Unit 3 at Fukushima this summer to study the extent of damage and locate parts of melted fuel that is thought to have fallen to the bottom of the chamber and been submerged by highly radioactive water.
The robot, about the size of a loaf of bread and mounted with lights, maneuvers with tail propellers and collects data using two cameras and a dosimeter.
Japan hopes to locate and start removing the fuel after Tokyo's 2020 Olympics.
The biggest challenge is removing hundreds of tons of melted nuclear fuel and debris from the plant's three wrecked reactors.
Earlier, snake and scorpion-shaped robots became stuck inside two reactors. The scorpion robot's crawling function failed and it was left inside the plant's Unit 2 containment vessel. The other, designed for cleaning debris for the "scorpion" probe, was called back after two hours when two of its cameras stopped working after its total radiation exposure reached 1,000 Sievert — a level that would kill a human within seconds. The plan had been to use the robot for 10 hours at an exposure level of 100 Sievert per hour.
The swimming robot shown to reporters at a Toshiba Corp. test facility near Tokyo was co-developed by the debt-strapped Japanese nuclear and electronics company and the government's International Research Institute for Nuclear Decommissioning.
Scientists need to know the melted nuclear fuel's exact location and understand structural damage in each of the three wrecked reactors to work out the optimum, the safest way to remove the fuel.
"The fuel debris will be a challenge," said Dale Klein, a former U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission chief, who now serves as an outside adviser to the Tokyo Electric Power Co., the plant's operator. He said it could take six months to a year to obtain necessary data and decide on how to remove the fuel.
"They will have to identify where it is, then they will have to develop capability to remove it. No one in the world has ever had to remove material like this before. So this is something new and it would have to be done carefully and accurately," Klein said.
Japanese officials say they want to determine preliminary removal methods this summer and start work in 2021. The decommissioning technology developers IRID and its partners have also designed some basic robots, including a "muscle" arm robot made by Hitachi-GE Nuclear Energy, and a different arm robot made by Mitsubishi Heavy Industries that are designed to approach the debris from the side of the reactors.
TEPCO is struggling with the plant's decommissioning, and the cost for decommissioning Fukushima Dai-Ichi is now estimated at 8 trillion yen ($70 billion), four times an earlier estimate. Part of that cost will be included in Japanese utility bills.
The 2011 meltdown forced tens of thousands of nearby residents to evacuate their homes. Many are still unable to return home due to high radiation levels.
———
Follow Mari Yamaguchi on Twitter at https://www.twitter.com/mariyamaguchi
Find her work also on APNews at https://www.apnews.com/search/mari%20yamaguchi
Lots of things grow in the spring, including your risk of severe allergic reactions and asthma attacks. So people need to take preventive measures and know when to seek medical care, an emergency physician says.
Lots of things grow in the spring, including your risk of severe allergic reactions and asthma attacks. So people need to take preventive measures and know when to seek medical care, an emergency physician says.
Be smart when it comes to spring allergies and asthma
Be smart when it comes to spring allergies and asthma
We've all "caught" yawning from other people, but why that happens is unclear, according to a psychologist who has researched the behavior.
We've all "caught" yawning from other people, but why that happens is unclear, according to a psychologist who has researched the behavior.
People with diabetes are the ones who end up harmed by high list prices, high out-of-pocket costs and formulary restrictions
People with diabetes are the ones who end up harmed by high list prices, high out-of-pocket costs and formulary restrictions
Swimming is a great way to stay in shape while having fun and without stressing your joints.
Swimming is a great way to stay in shape while having fun and without stressing your joints.
Take your swim workouts to the next level
Take your swim workouts to the next level
Many doctors have internet portals to help patients manage their care. But that doesn't mean older folks will use them.
Many doctors have internet portals to help patients manage their care. But that doesn't mean older folks will use them.
By Amy Norton
HealthDay Reporter
(HealthDay News) -- Outdoor enthusiasts: Here's a bit of good tick-fighting news just in time for Memorial Day weekend and the unofficial start of summer.
A new U.S. government study confirms that insecticide-treated clothes marketed for preventing tick-borne ills do, in fact, thwart the pests.
In lab tests of clothes bought from one manufacturer, researchers found that the garments either quickly caused ticks to fall off, or rendered them unable to bite.
The study involved three types of ticks that, in the United States, are major carriers of disease -- including Lyme disease, Rocky Mountain spotted fever, and what's known as southern tick-associated rash illness, or STARI.
The clothes were pretreated with permethrin, a synthetic form of an insect-thwarting compound from the chrysanthemum flower. It's used in insecticide sprays and shampoos and creams that treat lice and scabies.
Several companies already market permethrin-treated shirts, pants, socks and other clothing, as a way to ward off disease-transmitting pests. The new study adds to evidence that the garments are indeed toxic to ticks, according to senior researcher Lars Eisen, of the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.
"All tested tick species and life stages experienced the 'hot-foot' effect after coming into contact with permethrin-treated clothing," Eisen said.
That, he explained, made the ticks drop off of "vertically oriented" clothes -- which would simulate a pair of pants when a person is standing.
In addition, Eisen said, when the ticks were in contact with the clothes for up to five minutes, they lost their ability to move normally -- and to bite.
There are still questions, he noted, including what types of clothing offer the best protection in the real world.
The CDC already recommends permethrin as one tactic for avoiding tick bites. It says that people can "treat clothing and gear, such as boots, pants, socks and tents, with products containing 0.5 percent permethrin."
The agency further says that "pretreated clothing is available and may be protective longer."
Thomas Mather is director of the University of Rhode Island's Center for Vector-Borne Disease and its TickEncounter Resource Center.
He said the new findings, published May 24 in the Journal of Medical Entomology, offer more support for the tick-fighting garments.
"This can be a pretty effective way to stop ticks," said Mather, who was not involved in the study.
In his own research, Mather found there are benefits even with permethrin-treated summer clothes that leave some skin uncovered -- shorts, T-shirts, socks and sneakers.
His team had a group of brave volunteers watch a movie while allowing lab-raised, disease-free ticks to crawl on their bodies. Some wore regular clothes, some wore clothes with permethrin -- either pretreated or with the insecticide added using home kits. Those wearing either kind of treated clothing ended up with far fewer live ticks on their bodies by the end of the movie.
While people can use permethrin on their regular clothes, the pretreated garments hold up to many more washings, according to Mather -- up to 70.
Some people may be wary of chemically treated clothes. But, Mather said, the amount of permethrin in clothing is very low: A solution containing only 0.5 percent of the pesticide is "dried into" the fabric.
According to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, research indicates that permethrin is "poorly absorbed" through the skin, and there's no evidence that treated clothing could be harmful to children or pregnant women.
U.S. military members have been using permethrin-treated uniforms since the 1990s, the EPA noted. According to Mather, the garments may also be a good bet for people whose jobs keep them outdoors -- or for gardeners or anyone else who spends time in places where tick exposure is a concern.
Eisen pointed to some other CDC-recommended ways to cut the risk of tick-borne ills: Avoid wooded and brushy areas with high grass and "leaf litter"; walk in the center of outdoor trails; use EPA-registered repellents containing ingredients such as DEET, picaridin or oil of lemon eucalyptus; thoroughly check your body and clothes for ticks after being outdoors; and shower within two hours of coming back indoors.
More information
The CDC has more advice on how to avoid tick bites.
Copyright © 2018 HealthDay. All rights reserved.
The Trump administration has begun the process of rolling back tough fuel standards for America's car and light truck fleet.
The Environmental Protection Agency and the Transportation Department have opened the public comment period on the rewriting of standards for greenhouse gas emissions for cars and light trucks for model years 2022-2025.
"We are moving forward with an open and robust review of emissions standards, consistent with the timeframe provided in our regulations," EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt said Friday. The 45-day period allows for the public to comment about regulations before proposed changes.
Corporate Average Fuel Economy rules were first put into place after the OPEC oil crisis in the 1970s. During the Obama administration, the CAFE rules were toughened in the wake of the financial crisis and the car company bankruptcies. The new standards called for an increased reliance on electric vehicles.
Low gas prices and sluggish sales of alternative fuel vehicles have made meeting those standards tough, especially for those companies more reliant on larger vehicles. Earlier this year, the EPA announced it would reconsider a decision late in the Obama administration to make the rules permanent.
The auto industry has hailed the decision to reopen the fuel standards. With the announcement, Mitch Bainwol, president and CEO of the Auto Alliance, a group of auto manufacturers, says, "the Administration is fulfilling its commitment to reinstate the midterm evaluation of future vehicle fuel economy and greenhouse gas standards."
Environmental and consumer advocacy groups decried the move. "By reopening the midterm evaluation, EPA is bringing back questions that have already been asked and answered," said Consumers Union, the policy arm of Consumer Reports.
Shannon Baker-Branstetter with Consumer's Union says her organization's studies show people want to save money on gas. According to a recent survey, 90 percent of Americans want automakers to raise fuel efficiency. Baker-Branstetter says adds "In fact, consumers are especially concerned about the fuel efficiency of the crossovers and SUVs they've been gravitating toward in recent years."
"What kind of changes may or may not be introduced is far from clear", says Stephanie Brinley, senior automotive analyst, IHS Markit. The agencies are expected to expand the data used to make the determination, specifically taking into consideration consumer behavior, she says.
The public comment period allows the car companies and others to lobby to keep or make changes.
"Pressures from other government requirements and consumer interest in reducing fuel emissions are expected to continue to be aggressive," Brinley says.
Even if the U.S. scales back, she says, the movement toward higher standards will likely continue in other countries. Already this year, several countries said they would ban the sale of gasoline vehicles altogether within decades. Many analysts believe that rolling back fuel standards could jeopardize the near term future for electric vehicles.
Bartlien Barrell .243 I have a new bartlien barrell for sale. This barrell is new in box, never used or finished. This is a 6mm, 1;8 twist, hv no. 9, 29". It's 7/8 " at muzzle and 1.25 at the base. It's stamped .237 and .243 and -5r-. I bought this barrel in 2013 from butches reloading supplies in 2013 in hopes of building a gun. My priorities have changed since then and I just need to move it. $300.00 plus freight. Thank you for looking.
There are three tiers, each determined by the maximum brightness. DisplayHDR 400 is aimed more at laptops, where power and size tend to limit what's possible. A monitor meeting this spec has to reach a brightness of 400 nits, offer true 8-bit color (at 95 percent of the BT.709 gamut), provide global display dimming and support the HDR10 format. That may not sound like much, but it's 50 percent brighter than typical laptops, many of which 'cheat' to get 8-bit color through dithering. DisplayHDR 600 ramps up the brightness to 600 nits while requiring improved black levels and 99 percent BT.709 color accuracy (plus 90 percent of DCI-P3). The most advanced monitors can aim for DisplayHDR 1000, which supplies at least 1,000 nits and even deeper blacks.
The spec is limited to LCD monitors for now, although there are hopes to adapt it to OLED displays and other technology. And you won't have to wait long to see it in use -- VESA is promising DisplayHDR-rated products at CES in January. This doesn't guarantee that you'll be blown away by a Netflix movie or an HDR-enabled game, but it should discourage companies from pulling a fast one by slapping an HDR label on a display that doesn't do the technology justice. Also, it could improve the adoption of HDR among your preferred hardware makers. If they know what to shoot for, they may be more likely to add HDR support instead of holding back out of uncertainty.
KEY WEST, Fla. (AP) — Authorities say two men have been arrested in the 2010 theft of a museum's 17th-century gold bar, valued at $550,000.
A U.S. Department of Justice statement says 41-year-old Richard Steven Johnson, of Rio Linda, California, and 32-year-old Jarred Alexander Goldman, of Palm Beach Gardens, Florida, were arrested Monday and charged with conspiring to steal and stealing the gold bar from the Mel Fisher Maritime Heritage Museum in Key West.
Both await arraignment. It wasn't known if they have lawyers.
The 74.8-ounce (2.1-kilogram) bar was found in 1980 on a 1622 Spanish galleon wreck off the Florida Keys by the late shipwreck salvor Mel Fisher. Authorities say it hasn't been recovered.
The artifact was long displayed in an acrylic museum case, allowing visitors to touch and lift it.
___
Online: Mel Fisher Maritime Museum, http://www.melfisher.org
SYDNEY (AP) — Raelene Castle will take over as chief executive officer at Rugby Australia next month, becoming the first woman to lead one of the major national unions in world rugby.
Castle, who has been CEO at Netball New Zealand and at the Canterbury Bulldogs in Australia's National Rugby League, will replace Bill Pulver on Jan. 15.
Rugby Australia Chairman Cameron Clyne announced the appointment Tuesday, saying Castle was the standout applicant among more than 200 candidates.
"I am especially looking forward to getting out into the rugby communities across Australia and meeting the diverse range of people that make the game tick," Castle said in a statement. "Having followed rugby closely for over 30 years and having worked in the New Zealand and Australian sporting environments for the past 10, there is no doubt Australian rugby has a clear international and domestic offering for both male and female athletes that can be further developed and strengthened."
Castle's other governance roles in sport have included serving as a board director of the International Federations of Netball Associations and as chair of the NRL club CEOs leadership group.
Clyne said Castle would bring "a fresh set of eyes to the challenges and opportunities at Rugby Australia, bringing to us her learnings from other codes."
"Through her most recent roles as CEO of the Bulldogs and Netball New Zealand, Raelene has led sporting organizations at both a national and club level, giving her an in-depth understanding of what it takes to run a national sporting body as well as the unique challenges for clubs and the importance of building strong relationships and a unity of purpose within," the sport, Clyne said. "Raelene is an extremely impressive executive who covered every base as far as what the board was looking for in a chief executive officer to lead our game into an important new chapter."
Castle was born in Australia and moved to New Zealand as a child, returning to Sydney in 2013 to take the job at the Bulldogs.
Castle is the first woman to lead one of Australia's four national football governing bodies, and Rugby Australia said she is the first woman to lead one of the world's top-tier rugby national governing bodies.
Flu Blankets Entire United States -- Except Hawaii
Sick with the flu? You've got a lot of company. The flu blanketed the U.S. again last week for the third straight week. Only Hawaii has been spared.
Last week, 1 in 15 doctor visits were for symptoms of the flu. That's the highest level since the swine flu pandemic in 2009. The government doesn't track every flu case but comes up with estimates; one measure is how many people seek medical care for fever, cough, aches and other flu symptoms.
Flu is widespread in every state except Hawaii, with 39 states reporting high traffic to doctors last week, up from 32.
At this rate, by the end of the season somewhere around 34 million Americans will have gotten sick from the flu, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Friday.
Some good news: Hospital stays and deaths from the flu among the elderly so far haven't been as high as in some other recent flu seasons. However, hospitalization rates for people 50 to 64 -- baby boomers, mostly -- has been unusually high, CDC officials said in the report, which covers the week ending Jan. 20.
A New York pediatrician said her office has been busy but the kids with the flu haven't been quite as sick as in the past.
"For most of them, their symptoms are milder," said Dr. Tiffany Knipe.
This year's flu shot targets the strains that are making Americans sick, mostly the H3N2 flu virus. But exactly how well it is working won't be known until next month. It's the same main bug from last winter, when the flu season wasn't so bad. It's not clear why this season -- with the same bug -- is worse, some experts said.
"That's the kicker. This virus really doesn't look that different from what we saw last year," said Richard Webby, a flu researcher at St. Jude Children's Research Hospital in Memphis.
It may be that many of the people getting sick this year managed to avoid infection last year. Or there may be some change in the virus that hasn't been detected yet, said the CDC's Dr. Dan Jernigan, in a call with reporters Friday.
Based on patterns from past seasons, it's likely the flu season will start to wane soon, experts say. There are some places, like California, where the season already seems to be easing, CDC officials said.
"If I was a betting man, I'd put money on it going down," Webby said. "But I've lost money on bets before."
The season usually peaks in February, but this season started early and took off in December.
Flu is a contagious respiratory illness. It can cause a miserable but relatively mild illness in many people, but more a more severe illness in others. Young children and the elderly are at greatest risk from flu and its complications. In a bad season, there are as many as 56,000 deaths connected to the flu.
In the U.S., annual flu shots are recommended for everyone age 6 months or older. Last season, about 47 percent of Americans got vaccinated, according to CDC figures.
Jennifer Manton didn't get a flu shot and got sick about two weeks ago, hit by high fever and body aches. She missed two days of work at a New York law firm, and felt bad for about 10 days.
"I had not had the flu since 1996," said the 48-year-old Manton. "It's been 22 years since I felt that badly."
© 2018 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: iStock/Artist's concept.
The Toronto Maple Leafs are bringing the playoffs to the Air Canada Centre and since early Monday morning you couldn't go a couple metres without seeing someone decked out in leafs gear.
There's a real buzz around the city and businesses are feeling it too.
President Donald Trump is set to sign an executive order titled “Buy American, Hire American” Tuesday morning in Kenosha, Wisconsin, calling on agencies to overhaul the H-1B visa program.
The order calls on the Department of Labor, the Department of Justice, the Department of Homeland Security and the State Department to “take prompt action to crack down on fraud and abuse” within the U.S. immigration system to "protect workers."
The order doesn't seem to change the status of existing visa waiver rules in the United States and instead orders departments to review and identify potential "abuses" of the visa waiver system.
The order align's with President Trump's promise as a candidate to review visa programs to prioritize the goal of "buy American, Hire American," even as the president's own company, the Trump Organization, has often opted to take an alternate route. The company has used existing visa waiver laws in order to fill positions with foreign workers in Trump properties such as Mar-a-Lago and Trump Vineyard.
The president will travel to Wisconsin today and is expected to tout his “Buy American, Hire American” agenda during a visit to Snap-on-Tools -- a manufacturer of high-end tools and equipment that, according to their website, employs approximately 11,500 people worldwide.
“He will talk about his buy America, hire America agenda at Snap-on Tools in Wisconsin,” White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said. “For those who aren't aware, Snap-on is a prime example of a company that builds American-made tools, with American workers for U.S. taxpayers.”
This marks the president's first visit to Speaker Paul Ryan's home state and district since taking office.
Man arrested for assaulting wife and son
A 32-year-old electrician, Opeoluwa Olorunjuedalo, who allegedly beat his wife for refusing to hand over his son to him, was on Wednesday brought before an Ikeja Magistrates' Court. Mr. Olorunjuedalo, who resides in Akute, a border community between Lagos and Ogun, is facing a two-count charge of breach of peace and assault. The Police Prosecutor, …
The post Man arrested for assaulting wife and son appeared first on INFORMATION NIGERIA.
This post was syndicated from INFORMATION NIGERIA. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
After getting caught up on an $8.6 million in employee pension fund subsidy, Luzerne County still has $2.1 million left from this year's one-time revenue windfall.
Two options for the money are up for council consideration: reduce the deficit or beef up the dwindling capital projects fund.
During public discussion last week, county Councilman Stephen A. Urban suggested moving money into the capital fund to start saving for a looming emergency 911 radio communications system overhaul estimated to cost the county $19.26 million.
A consultant has said the switch from an analog to digital system is crucial because the radio transmitters and receivers that allow emergency responders to exchange messages will become obsolete in 2020. County officials have not nailed down any outside funding streams to offset the cost of the project.
County Council Vice Chairman Tim McGinley is proposing transferring $1.5 million of the remaining funds into the capital fund, saying the county does not have a sufficient pot to cover capital repairs. An ordinance to proceed with his proposal is on Tuesday's council agenda for introduction, with a subsequent majority vote required for final approval.
Approximately $1.2 million remains in the capital fund not earmarked for pending projects. Council is set to introduce another ordinance Tuesday tapping $150,000 of the fund's remaining $1.2 million to complete prison shower renovations needed in part due to safety concerns.
But Councilman Rick Williams advocated keeping the money in reserve so it can be credited as a 2017 general fund operating budget surplus and whittle down the $7.98 million deficit the county is carrying on its fiscal books.
“I think it's wise to get rid of that deficit and enjoy the benefits,” Williams said. “That's a pretty important goal in my mind.”
Erasing the deficit and building a cushion that can be carried forward would improve the county's credit rating and provide a source of funds that can be temporarily accessed and repaid so the county does not need an annual tax anticipation loan to survive at the start of the year until real estate tax revenue rolls in, Williams said.
McGinley said his proposal would still leave more than $500,000 of the windfall for deficit reduction.
The county also is still awaiting another one-time receipt from an expired tax-break program that could be applied to deficit reduction, Urban reminded. Although opinions differ, the county is estimated by some to be entitled to $1.2 million.
The money is from a Tax Incremental Financing, or TIF, program in which Luzerne County, the Wilkes-Barre Area School District and Wilkes-Barre Township sacrificed real estate tax revenue from new development along Highland Park Boulevard and at the Arena Hub Plaza in Wilkes-Barre Township to fund infrastructure improvements on Highland Park and Mundy and Coal streets.
County Manager C. David Pedri said the disbursement won't be resolved until 2018 due to a state Department of Transportation review.
McGinley also is recommending transferring $211,000 in leftover workers' compensation funds — money that was not part of the $2.1 million windfall — into the capital fund toward the 911 project. That ordinance introduction also is on Tuesday's agenda.
Pedri told council last week the $8.6 million pension subsidy funded by the windfall has been paid.
The problem of overdue pension subsidies dates back years before the county's 2012 switch to a home rule government structure. Paying the subsidy in the year after it is due causes the fund to lose out on investment earnings.
Pedri said in an email to council the county will “finally be able to pay this year's bills with this year's monies.”
“This decision will also greatly affect the pension fund's reliance on general fund monies going forward,” he wrote.
Pedri http://www.mydallaspost.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/12/web1_Pedri-1.jpg Pedri
By Jennifer Learn-Andes jandes@timesleader.com
If you go Luzerne County Council will meet at 6 p.m. Tuesday in the county courthouse on River Street in Wilkes-Barre.
TORONTO — The Maple Leafs first home playoff game of their much-hyped second century belonged to the kids.
And now, so does the lead in their series against the Washington Capitals. Led by their boy band, which in turn was inspired by energizing physical shifts right before key goals, the Leafs came back to tie and eventually win 4-3 and took a 2-1 series lead before almost 20,000 fans waving ‘001' towels Monday at the Air Canada Centre.
They came back from a pair of two goal deficits had some huge penalty kills in putting Alex Ovechkin and the Presidents' Trophy winners behind the eight ball. In their first series since 1951 to open with three overtimes — anyone heard of Bill Barilko? — the winner came from Tyler Bozak at 1:37 with Lars Eller in the box, the second penalty drawn by rookie Zach Hyman, one of seven rookies in the lineup.
Five Leafs have scored their first playoff goal so far in this series, Auston Matthews and William Nylander on Monday, while Connor Brown and Zach Hyman added their first post-season points. Matthews and Nylander became the first rookies to score in the same mid-April game since Wendel Clark and Steve Thomas in 1986, the year Toronto upset first-place Chicago in the Norris Division best-of-five.
Frederik Andersen, after the first two Washington shots found their way in, stood tall on three straight power plays and stretched his right pad to deny Evegeny Kuznetsov, just before Nylander's last minute tying goal in the second period.
At the start, the crowd seemed livelier outside the ACC in Maple Leaf Square than in and there was little to get excited about when the Caps scored in their first two shots.
During 4-on-4 play when Justin Williams and Morgan Rielly went off, Nate Schmidt jumped in the rush to set up Nicklas Backstrom with the defensive pairing of Jake Gardiner and the returning Nikita Zaitsev looking flat footed. Zaitsev missed the first two games with a suspected concussion, but came back in for Roman Polak after a season ending ankle injury in Game 2. Schmidt, meanwhile, stepped in for Karl Alzner on defence, he of more than 500 consecutive starts, also shaken up in Game 2.
Then came an opening for Alex Ovechkin to step into his second of the series, a full bore drive with no one picking him up. The Leafs could not bury some fortunate bounces in Washington's zone and were starting to fire away in desperation, notably hot shooter Nylander.
But a take-charge shift by Nazem Kadri and Leo Komarov changed the tone of the game. It started with a healthy run by Kadri at Brooks Orpik, whose hit had accidentally injured Polak. While they went back and forth, Komarov decided he'd had enough of KHL buddy Ovechkin throwing his weight around, giving him a jolt and a few whacks for good measure.
The next line over the boards were the kids, Matthews, Nylander and Hyman, all without a point through about nine periods when overtime was factored in. Matthews took a magic bullet shot off John Carlson's foot, Schmidt's body and then bouncing into the slot where he knocked it in. If you believe Matthews is destined for greatness, he's now 75 points behind Doug Gilmour for the franchise post-season points lead.
Kuznetsov made it 3-1 and it looked gloomy for the Leafs with a full 5-3 to kill after Matt Martin and the fourth liners got into a scrum with their Capital counterparts. But not only did Washington not find the desired one-timer, Mitch Marner had a chance at a breakaway as Martin and Matt Hunwick came out of the box and the Caps were caught on a change. But before Marner could catch up to the pass, Braden Holtby slid out almost to the blue line to knock it away.
The Leafs also had to kill a too-many-men penalty, again thwarting Washington's big guns. Toronto's fourth line came out for revenge and got the Leafs and the building fired up again, leading to Kadri's shot off Orpik as he battled Connor Brown. With less than a minute to go, Hyman cleared a path with a big hit, allowing Matthews to centre for Nylander, who buried his own rebound.
lhornby@postmedia.com
Four cumulative life sentences were imposed Wednesday afternoon on Nadav Sela, who was convicted of murdering his wife, two children and a neighbor's son in the northern Israeli town of Migdal.
Prior to that, the judges of the Nazareth District Court, Asher Kola, Danny Tzarfati and Renana Gelfaz Mokdi, unanimously convicted Sela. They rejected the claims made by the defense about Sela's mental state, as well as the claim that no motive was found.
In their verdict, they wrote that "The terrible act committed by the accused is not normative and it is difficult to understand its meaning, but that does not absolve the perpetrator from responsibility for his actions. Not in every case does the perpetrator of the murder reveal a motive for the act, and the background to terrible acts, such as those committed here by the accused, often remains shrouded in mystery."
The judges added that "The accused before us murdered his wife and children. With his own hands he destroyed his entire family, in addition to stretching out his hand against the son of the neighbors ... It is hard to understand such an act and the natural tendency is to look for amotive. However, when dealing with a system of family relations, which is intimate and prolonged, there may have been tensions that were not visible to those around."
Figures published by the Office for National Statistics show that 1,680 people in the Isle of Wight area were claiming ‘out of work benefits' during January 2017.
The figures show rise of 75 since December 2016, when there were 1,605 claimants, and a fall of 120 from January 2016 (1,800 JSA claimants).
Details of the latest jobs on the Isle of Wight can be found on Jobs OnTheWight.
Of those claiming in January 2017,
1105 were male
575 were female
400 were aged 18 To 24
(240 were aged 18 To 21)
830 were aged 25 To 49
445 were aged 50+
That means 2.1% of the resident population of area aged 16-64 is claiming out of work benefits – 1% more than the rest of the South East (1.1%), and 0.2% more than the whole of the UK (1.9%).
New measures
The measure of those receiving ‘out of work benefit's has been changed by the Office of National Statistics. In the past it was based purely on those claiming Job Seekers Allowance.
The change now includes Universal Credit and is still experimental, so ONS says, will not necessarily be a true reflection of the situation.
They say,
The Claimant Count is the number of people claiming benefit principally for the reason of being unemployed. This is measured by combining the number of people claiming Jobseeker's Allowance (JSA) and National Insurance credits with the number of people receiving Universal Credit principally for the reason of being unemployed. Claimants declare that they are out of work, capable of, available for and actively seeking work during the week in which the claim is made. The measure of the number of people receiving Universal Credit principally for the reason of being unemployed is still being developed by the Department for Work and Pensions. Consequently this component of the total Claimant Count does not yet correctly reflect the target population of unemployed claimants and is subject to revisions. For this reason the Claimant Count is currently designated as Experimental Statistics.
Image: HelenCobain under CC BY 2.0
We have a deal on Moo.do Premium, a service designed to turn Gmail into a task management system. A one year subscription through us is $19.99.
Check It Out: Moo.do Premium 1-Year Subscription:
On Friday, October 6, Governor John Bel Edwards' pre-disaster emergency declaration request for 17 parishes in Louisiana was approved by President Donald Trump. The declaration will allow the state to more easily access federal response funds in the event they are needed.
"I appreciate the speed and decisiveness with which President Trump granted our pre-disaster emergency declaration request in anticipation on Tropical Storm Nate making landfall along our coast. This declaration will help us continue the process of preparing for potential severe weather with the support of federal resources at our disposal," said Edwards.
2017 WAFB Hurricane Center
Parishes included in the declaration are as follows:
Assumption
Iberia
Jefferson
Lafourche
Livingston
Orleans
Plaquemines
St. Bernard
St. Charles
St. James
St. John the Baptist
St. Martin
St. Mary
St. Tammany
Tangipahoa
Terrebonne
Vermillion
Click here to read the full approval document.
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved.
ERIN, Wis. (AP) — Jack Nicklaus was good enough to win the U.S. Open as an amateur, and he nearly did.
Nicklaus was a 20-year-old U.S. Amateur champion at Cherry Hills, leading by one shot with six holes to play until he missed too many short putts and Arnold Palmer capped off a signature charge to win the 1960 U.S. Open.
That explains why Nicklaus had a wry smile when asked if he regarded Marty Fleckman as a threat 50 years ago in the U.S. Open.
Fleckman was a 23-year-old amateur, an NCAA champion at Houston and winner of the Texas State Amateur. He had a one-shot lead over Nicklaus, Palmer and Billy Casper in the final round in 1967 at Baltusrol.
"Let me put it this way," Nicklaus said. "He was leading after 54 holes. He had a very good chance to win the Open."
But he didn't.
Amateurs just don't win the U.S. Open anymore, bad news for the 14 amateurs at Erin Hills this week. The last amateur winner was Johnny Goodman in 1933, and there's little evidence that will change. Fleckman and Jim Simons in 1971 were the last ones to have a 54-hole lead.
Fleckman shot 80 in the final round that day, quickly stepping aside for a brief Nicklaus-Palmer duel that ended with Nicklaus by four shots, the second of his four U.S. Open titles. Fleckman drove up to Rhode Island the following week and won the prestigious Northeast Amateur at Wannamoisett.
The U.S. Open, for 83 years and counting, belongs to the pros.
"It was a wonderful experience," said Fleckman, the director of golf instruction at Blackhorse Teaching Center in Texas. "I got off to a shaky start. I knew I couldn't win any money, so I tried to attack the golf course. You don't really attack a U.S. Open venue, and I paid the piper."
Simons was a threat to the end at Merion. He was one shot behind going to the 18th hole until making a double bogey to finish three shots out of a playoff that Lee Trevino won the following day over Nicklaus.
Goodman had such a big lead that he shot 76 and still won the U.S. Open. He later won the U.S. Amateur.
Bobby Jones in 1930 at Hoylake is the last amateur to win the British Open. No amateur has ever won the Masters, which also has had its share of close calls, most notably Ken Venturi in 1956 until he shot 80 on the last day.
The amateurs at Erin Hills are facing Dustin Johnson and Rory McIlroy, Jordan Spieth and Jason Day. The gap between the pros and the amateurs is growing by the year, especially as the competition at the professional level is stronger than ever.
"If it's going to be done, it would be at the U.S. Open, where you can get on the good side of the draw and par is a good score and you're not giving anything to the field," Spieth said. "I imagine it will be done."
Not by him. He was low amateur in 2012, but he wasn't the best teenager at Olympic Club until it was over and 17-year-old Beau Hossler stumbled at the end.
Jordan Niebrugge, who was to hit the opening tee shot at Erin Hills on Thursday, was the low amateur at St. Andrews in the 2015 British Open, and he wasn't even the amateur attraction that week. Paul Dunne of Ireland shared the 54-hole lead with Day and Louis Oosthuizen, but fell back quickly and shot 78.
Dunne also is at Erin Hills. Much like Fleckman in 1967, the Irishman looks back on that final round as a great experience sprinkled with regrets.
"Major golf courses seem to be set up as different tests from any other week," Dunne said. "Because of that, it can take a few people by surprise. And it can take an amateur by surprise to get in a position he didn't think he'd be in the first place."
Dunne, Spieth and Nicklaus would not rule out an amateur winning a major. So why hasn't it happened?
The simple answer is because they turn pro.
Jon Rahm was low amateur at Oakmont last year in the U.S. Open. After a year of playing PGA Tour competition, he is No. 10 in the world and a threat to win this week. Spieth turned pro during his sophomore year at Texas. His game matured against the best.
Dunne also considered sheer numbers.
"The amateur game is strong," Dunne said. "The top end amateurs, everyone is quite professional in hos they go about their business. It's hard to see it happening because there are so few amateurs. If you took the top 75 ranked players, and let in the next 75 top amateurs, you'd definitely have an amateur winner in a few years."
Nicklaus still believes if a player is good enough, he can win anywhere, like he almost did in 1960. A year later, still an amateur, Nicklaus tied for seventh in the Masters and tied for fourth in the U.S. Open. And the year after that, he beat Palmer in a playoff at Oakmont for the first of his 18 majors.
"Most of them don't stay amateur very long," Nicklaus said of today's crop. "If I had stayed amateur, do I think I would have won it? Yeah. You have amateurs who are good players, but they usually turn pro before they get real good."
Seventy percent of cocoa comes from West Africa, mostly Ivory Coast and Ghana. The supply can swing way up or down depending on political instability and the weather there.
“At times coca prices' annualized volatility can be as much as 20 to 25 percent,” said James Butterfill, head of research and investments with ETF Securities.
This year, favorable weather in the Ivory Coast is contributing to a surplus, and prices have fallen steeply. That forced the government to lower the price it guarantees cocoa farmers.
Just this week, Ivory Coast and Ghana said they'll try to tackle price volatility by coordinating how much cocoa they produce and put on the market. Vincent Smith, an agricultural economist at Montana State University, said he's skeptical that will work.
“The ability to manage a global market on the part of two major producers is pretty difficult,” he said.
Smith said an effort to stabilize the market by controlling supply could only work in the short term, given that cocoa farmers in other countries could ramp up their production.
It's unlikely the cocoa price declines will show up in consumer products any time soon, according to Erin Lash, director of consumer equity research at Morningstar. She said confectioners tend to use forward purchase agreements for commodities to offset any near-term fluctuations in commodities costs.
“It can range anywhere from three months to up to two years in advance,” she said.
Sandridge RMH Acquisition, LLC, a Morton Ill., is recalling approximately 1,222 pounds of ready-to-eat beef products due to misbranding and undeclared allergens. The products are mislabeled as beef pot roast but the package actually contains beef meatloaf. The beef meatloaf product contains wheat and soybean oil, known allergens, which are not declared on the product label.
The ready-to-eat homestyle beef pot roast items were produced and packaged on Sept. 6, 2017. The following products are subject to recall:
15 oz. plastic trays of “Publix homestyle beef pot roast WITH SEASONED GRAVY” with a lot code of 72487338, a case code of 09080/43303, and a use or freeze by date of December 4, 2017.
The products subject to recall bear establishment number “EST. 17789B” inside the USDA mark of inspection. These items were shipped to retail locations in Florida and Georgia.
The problem was discovered on October 4, 2017, when a consumer reported that they purchased a product labeled as beef pot roast but actually contained beef meatloaf.
University of Wisconsin System leaders approved a policy Friday that calls for suspending and expelling students who disrupt campus speeches and presentations, saying students need to listen to all sides of issues and arguments.
The Board of Regents adopted the language on a voice vote during a meeting at the University of Wisconsin-Sout in Menomonie. The policy states that students found to have twice engaged in violence or other disorderly conduct that disrupts others' free speech would be suspended.
Students found to have disrupted others' free expression three times would be expelled.
"Perhaps the most important thing we can do as a university is to teach students how to engage and listen to those with whom they differ," system President Ray Cross told the regents. "If we don't show students how to do this, who will? Without civil discourse and a willingness to listen and engage with different voices, all we are doing is reinforcing our existing values."
The policy comes amid complaints from conservatives across the country that right-leaning speakers aren't afforded the same level of respect on campuses as liberal presenters. Students at the University of Wisconsin-Madison in 2016 shouted down and traded obscene gestures with ex-Breitbart editor and conservative columnist Ben Shapiro.
The University of California-Berkeley cancelled an appearance by right-wing firebrand Milo Yiannopoulus in September. Four protests have turned violent on that campus and in the nearby city in recent months.
The new Wisconsin policy mirrors Republican legislation the state Assembly passed in June, though the Senate has yet to act on the bill.
Regents President John Robert Behling told the board before Friday's vote that adopting the policy ahead of the legislation shows "a responsiveness to what's going on in the Capitol, which helps build relationships."
Republican Gov. Scott Walker appointed all but two of the board's 18 members. State public schools Superintendent Tony Evers and Wisconsin Technical College System Board Vice-President Mark Tyler are automatically regents by virtue of their offices.
Evers, a Democrat running against Walker in next year's gubernatorial election, cast the only dissenting vote. He accused the regents of sacrificing free speech to curry favor with Republican lawmakers.
"This policy will chill and suppress free speech on this campus and all campuses," Evers said.
Other Democratic opponents charge that the policy doesn't clearly define what type of conduct is considered disruptive.
"Who's going to show up to a protest if they think they could be potentially expelled?" Democratic state Rep. Chris Taylor, whose district includes the flagship Madison campus, said during a Thursday news conference on the policy.
A senior at the university, Savion Castro, accused the regents of "capitulating to a band of right-wing extremists."
"The First Amendment is supposed to be messy and contentious and allow contentious debate," Castro said during the news conference. "The whole point of protest is to disrupt the status quo and make people uncomfortable."
Regent Regina Millner defended the resolution at the meeting, saying it's designed to promote listening.
"I don't consider drowning out another speaker as freedom of speech," Millner said. "That doesn't qualify."
The policy won't take effect until the system writes administrative rules implementing it and Walker and lawmakers sign off on them. That process that could take months.
———
Follow Todd Richmond on Twitter at https://twitter.com/trichmond1
Getty Image
After giving a monumental Coachella performance, Beyonce kept the giving spirit alive by announcing her Homecoming Scholars Award Program for the 2018-2019 academic year, which will award one student from four schools (Xavier University, Wilberforce University, Tuskegee University, and Bethune-Cookman University) a $25,000 scholarship through her BeyGOOD foundation. What makes this even more special is the fact that all four schools are Historically Black Colleges and Universities, which are “institutions of higher education in the United States that were established before the Civil Rights Act of 1964 with the intention of primarily serving the African-American community.”
Now, Google is teaming up with the Queen to grant $100,000 more in scholarships to students at Texas Southern University, Morehouse College, Grambling State University and Fisk University, which are also HBCUs.
“Partnering with organizations like Google.org in support of HBCUs is our way of elevating cultural touchstones that paint a clear picture of excellence and opportunity through diverse education,” Ivy McGregor, Director of Philanthropy and Corporate Relations at Parkwood Entertainment, which houses BeyGOOD, said in a statement. “We challenge other businesses across the country to join us in this commitment to higher education and investment in the future.”
This isn't the first time Bey has given the gift of education. Last school year, she ran the Formation Scholars Program, which was for “female incoming, current or graduating students pursuing studies in creative arts, music, literature, or African-American studies” at participating universities.
Vancouver Whitecaps FC announced on Wednesday morning that the club has acquired striker Fredy Montero as a Designated Player on a one-year loan from Chinese Super League club Tianjin Teda.
The Whitecaps acquired Montero via the MLS Allocation Process after the club secured the No 1 spot in the Allocation Ranking from Minnesota United FC in exchange for $100,000 in General Allocation Money in 2018, $125,000 in Targeted Allocation Money in 2018, and an international roster spot through 2017.
"It's a great signing for us and we're delighted to welcome Fredy to our club," Whitecaps head coach Carl Robinson said in a club statement. "We have worked diligently throughout the offseason to strengthen the forward areas and today we have managed to add a very good striker in Fredy. He has proven throughout his career to be an elite attacking player and consistent goalscorer, and he is already familiar with the league and environment."
The 29-year-old Montero makes his return to MLS after breaking out with the Seattle Sounders from 2009 to 2012, during which time he became a three-time All-Star and the Sounders' all-time leading scorer (47 goals and 34 assists in 119 regular season appearances). His totals include seven goals and two assists while helping Seattle win three US Open Cup titles, as well as six goals and four assists in the CONCACAF Champions League.
"I'm really excited, so happy, and feel blessed," Montero said in the club statement. "I was looking forward to once again playing in Major League Soccer and I am so thankful to Whitecaps FC for giving me this opportunity. I can't wait to step onto the field, in front of the great Vancouver supporters, and start scoring goals."
Since 2013, Montero has played for Colombian giants Millonarios (10 goals in 27 appearances), Sporting Clube de Portugal (37 goals and 12 assists in all competitions) and most recently for Chinese Super League club Tianjin Teda in 2016 (nine goals and three assists in 29 league appearances). He also has four career appearances with the Colombian national team.
NAIROBI,Kenya (AP) — A Kenyan court has released seven doctors who are officials in the medics' union and who were jailed earlier this week for not calling off a strike by doctors working in public institutions.
The decision to free the seven was made Wednesday by three judges of the appellate court.
About 1,000 doctors outside the court celebrated the officials' release and held a peaceful march to Parliament and Nairobi's Freedom Park. More than 5,000 doctors from public hospitals are on strike over pay and to protest Kenya's dilapidated health care system.
Health minister Dr. Cleopa Mailu told the Senate committee for health that he had agreed to the release of the officials. The union had said that no negotiations would be held until the seven were freed.
LEEDS United fell out of the Championship play-offs as a hugely disappointing 1-0 loss at home to Wolves was compounded by victories for Fulham and Sheffield Wednesday.
After Wolves had squandered fine chances through Andreas Weimann and then Nouha Dicko, Dicko bagged the only goal of the game in the 38th minute after being played through on goal by Ben Marshall.
The defeat saw Leeds drop from fifth to seventh with United now behind sixth-placed Fulham on goal difference and two points behind fifth-placed Sheffield Wednesday with three games left.
It took until the 11th minute for either side to muster an attempt on goal with George Saville heading wide for Wolves.
Leeds attempted to hit back with their first attack but a cross from the byline from Kalvin Phillips flew into ‘keeper Andy Lonergan's hands.
But Wolves then squandered a golden opportunity in the 17th minute when a horrendous mix-up between Pontus Jansson and Gaetano Berardi gifted a one-one-one situation to Andreas Weimann who was brilliantly denied by man of the moment Rob Green.
United captain Liam Bridcutt was then booked for taking down Savile amidst a worrying start at Elland Road.
Green was then forced to produce another good save to keep out a Dave Edwards volley soon after and Kyle Bartley then saved the day with a vital block to keep out a goalbound effort from Savile.
But Bartley was then booked for a late challenge on Nouha Dicko who was then inches away from curling an effort inside the post in the 31st minute.
Leeds were going nowhere but United's first corner in the 33rd minute saw claims for a Whites penalty waved away when Bartley was sent sprawling.
Berardi then fired a long-range effort over the bar before Jansson headed over from a corner.
But Wolves had clearly been the better side and the visitors took a deserved lead in the 39th minute when United's defence was carved open by a Ben Marshall through ball which found Dicko who easily stroked the ball past Green when one on one.
Leeds attempted to respond but Chris Wood's shot from an acute angle was blocked, shortly before Saville was booked for Wolves for a late challenge on Bridcutt.
Wood then failed to cash in on decent through ball from Alfonso Pedraza, after which a worrying first half was brought to a close.
Luke Ayling then fired the first attempt of the second half over the bar but more noteworthy was referee Jeremy Simpson's failure to award Leeds a penalty when Wood's dangerous cross was blocked by Richard Stearman's arm.
Whites head coach Garry Monk then threw caution to the wind in taking off captain Bridcutt for another winger in Sacko with 35 minutes left.
A 59th-minute corner was then headed over by Jansson, after which Monk brought on Charlie Taylor for Berardi.
Bartley then became the latest Whites player to head over from a corner before a Whites counter almost saw Sacko find Kemar Roofe.
Monk then made his final change in throwing on Souleymane Doukara for Pedraza with 19 minutes left.
Doukara almost made an immediate impression as his header was brilliantly tipped over the bar by Lonergan.
Bartley then saw another effort blocked but Wolves held firm, including when the visitors scrambled a 90th-minute header from Roofe off the line from a Leeds corner.
United were then given five minutes of injury time to salvage something and missed a golden chance in the fourth added minute when a Hernandez cross set up Wood who headed over the bar.
Leeds United: Green, Ayling, Bartley, Jansson, Berardi (Taylor 63_, Phillips, Bridcutt (Sacko 55), Roofe, Hernandez, Pedraza, Wood. Subs not used: Peacock-Farrell, Coyle, O'Kane, Dallas, Doukara.
Wolves: Lonergan, Coady, Williamson, Stearman, Doherty, Saiss, Saville (Evans 67) Marshall (Hause 85), Edwards, Weimann, Dicko (Bodvarrson 67). Subs not used: Burgoyne, Iorfa, Price, Gibbs-White.
Referee: Jeremy Simpson.
Attendance: 32,351.
Supercrawl organizers have unveiled the musical lineup for the festival's tenth anniversary.
This year's headliners include Lights, Wintersleep, Owen Pallett, Cadence Weapon, The Dirty Nil and Elliott Brood.
Very stoked to be doing @supercrawl this year! We are cooking up something very special for that show. Can't wait — The Dirty Nil (@thedirtynil) May 30, 2018
“Our 10-year anniversary is a milestone we are very proud to achieve, and we're prouder still that local artists and musicians have been such a key part of that since the outset,” said festival director Tim Potocic.
“It was a pleasure to plan this year's anniversary event and we hope that the community and audiences from across Canada come out to be a part of the celebrations.”
Other performers include Ben Caplan, Hamilton Philharmonic Orchestra with The Altobeelays, Hollerado and Fred Penner & The Cat's Meow.
Organizers say the festival will also kick off a day early this year, running from Thursday Sept. 13 to Sunday Sept. 16.
Special performers will take the south stage Thursday night. Those names will be unveiled in July.
More details on other lineups including art, food, fashion and after=parties will be released in the weeks leading up to the festival.
A Commuter's Dream: Entrepreneurs Race To Develop Flying Car
Even before George Jetson entranced kids with his cartoon flying car, people dreamed of soaring above traffic congestion. Inventors and entrepreneurs have long tried and failed to make the dream a reality, but that may be changing.
Nearly a dozen companies around the globe, including some with deep pockets such as European aircraft maker Airbus, are competing to be the first to develop a new kind of aircraft that will enable commuters to glide above crowded roadways. A few of the aircraft under development are cars with wings that unfold for flight, but most aren't cars at all. Typically they take off and land vertically like helicopters. Rather than a single, large main rotor, they have multiple small rotors. Each rotor is operated by a battery-powered electric motor instead of a conventional aircraft piston engine.
It's no sure bet that flying-car dreams will turn into reality. There are many obstacles, including convincing regulators that the aircraft are safe, figuring out how to handle thousands of new low-flying aircraft over cities without collisions and developing batteries that will keep them aloft long enough to be useful.
But entrepreneurs are moving forward. They see a vast potential market for "air taxis" and personally owned small aircraft to transport people from the fringes of metropolitan areas to city centers as urban areas grow more congested and people spend more time stuck in traffic. They envision tens of thousands of one or two-person flying taxis delivering passengers to the rooftops of office buildings in city centers and other landing pads during rush hours.
"In as little as 10 years, products could be on the market that revolutionize urban travel for millions of people," said Zach Lovering, the leader of Airbus' project to develop an autonomous flying taxi called the Vahana. The name means the mount or vehicle of a Hindu deity.
Uber released a 98-page report in October making the business case for air taxis, which the company sees as the future of on-demand transportation. Uber doesn't have any plans to develop a flying car itself, but the online transportation network is advising several companies that have aircraft in the works.
"The role we want to play is as a catalyst for the entire industry," said Nikhil Goel, an Uber project manager for advanced programs.
Some of the aircraft are drones that passengers will be able to program for flight using a smartphone. Others will be operated from the ground or a command center, and some are designed for human pilots.
It's unclear yet how much the aircraft will cost, although prices are likely to vary significantly. Some of the aircraft are designed to be individually owned, while others are envisioned more for commercial use. Designers hope that if demand is high, prices can be kept affordable through economies of mass production.
Several recent developments could make these aircraft possible. Advances in computing power mean the rotors on multi-copter drones can be adjusted many times per second, making the aircraft easy to control. Drones have also benefited from advances in battery and electric motor technology. Some companies, like Chinese dronemaker EHang, are scaling-up drones so that they can carry people.
Another aircraft under development, Santa Cruz, California-based Joby Aviation's S2 [pictured above], looks more like a conventional plane except that there are 12 tiltrotors spread along the wings and tail. And some, like the Vahana, a cockpit mounted on a sled and flanked by propellers in front and back, don't really look like any aircraft in the skies today.
"In terms of what you can make fly in a reliable manner, the solution speed gateway that (computer) chips have gone through recently have literally opened the door to a whole new world of flying machine possibilities," said Charles Eastlake, an Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University professor emeritus of aerospace engineering.
But he also cautioned: "My best engineering guess is that people actually using autonomous air taxis in the next 10 or 15 years is possible, but definitely not certain. The challenges are big."
Key for many of the designs will be the development of longer-lasting lightweight batteries. Currently available batteries could probably keep an air taxi aloft about 15 to 30 minutes before it would have to land, experts said. Depending on how fast the aircraft flies, that probably isn't quite enough to transport passengers between nearby cities or across metropolitan areas, experts said.
Another hurdle will be winning Federal Aviation Administration for any radical new kind of aircraft when approval of even small changes in aviation technology can take years.
The FAA said in a statement that it is taking a "flexible, open-minded, and risk-based approach" to flying cars. FAA officials have discussed with several manufacturers the certification of aircraft that will be flown with a pilot in the beginning, and later converted to an autonomous passenger aircraft.
While further research is needed to ensure that autonomous aircraft are safe, "we believe automation technology already being prototyped in low-risk unmanned aircraft missions, when fully mature, could have a positive effect" on aviation safety, the agency said.
Reducing noise is another challenge since air taxis will be taking off and landing in densely populated areas. So is creating enough landing pads to handle lots of aircraft at the same time. A new air traffic control system would also likely be needed.
"It's pretty clear that the existing air traffic control system won't scale to the kind of density at low altitudes that people are talking about," said John Hansman, a Massachusetts Institute of Technology professor who chairs the FAA's research and engineering advisory committee.
NASA is developing an air traffic control system for small drones that perhaps could be expanded to include flying cars.
"There's no question we can build the vehicle," Hansman said. "The big challenge is whether we can build a vehicle that would be allowed to operate in the places where people want to use it."
© 2017 Associated Press under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
The Wisconsin Farm Service Agency is reminding producers to report prevented planting and failed acres in order to establish or retain FSA program eligibility.
Source: WisconsinAgConnection.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
Shell and EDF join blockchain trading consortium
Image: Shutterstock
Shell, UK Power Networks and EDF Energy are among nine firms to have joined a new blockchain trading consortium set up by operator Electron.
The businesses, which also include Baringa, Flexitricity, KiWi Power, Northern Powergrid, Open Energi and Statkraft, aim to use the platform to tackle the challenge of energy flexibility and to collaboratively design a vision for the future of the UK's energy industry.
Last year Electron received BEIS funding to continue development work of the trading platform – the government has acknowledged flexibility is one of the key ways to ensuring cheap, clean and reliable energy in the future.
The collaboration hopes to incorporate specialist knowledge from stakeholders, develop a framework for the rapidly evolving electricity system and enable better trading of grid balancing technologies.
Paul Ellis, CEO and Co-Founder of Electron, said: “We are delighted to have established a forum for industry participants to work together to make transactive flexibility something that is real and relevant.
“By working together, we recognise the current system needs to be changed and we are designing a system for present and future market participants.”
The teenage gunman who killed 17 people at the high school in Parkland, Fla., he once attended announced his goals on three short videos recorded on his cellphone just before his Valentine's Day killing spree. “When you see me on the news, you'll all know who I am,” he declared. “You're all going to die.”
The gunman, a 19-year-old with a history of mental health and behavior problems, mentioned four times in just over two minutes of recordings released Wednesday that his aim was the same one that has motivated many youthful perpetrators of mass shootings across the country — he wanted his name to be remembered.
The first video was recorded on Feb. 8, six days before the shooting. Another was filmed on Feb. 11.
Law enforcement authorities have confirmed that the videos were recorded by Nikolas Cruz, a former student now facing 34 counts of premeditated murder and attempted murder in the attack at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School. Even before the attack, Mr. Cruz had posted a comment on YouTube saying he wished to be a “professional school shooter.”
#BBNaija: Finalists arrive in Nigeria, Cee-C receives N2m from fans
Big Brother Naija finalists have arrived the country Monday night, with controversial first runner-up Cynthia Nwadioha, popularly known as Cee-C, receiving a dummy cheque of N2 million from her fans.
“Team Cee-C”, as her fans called themselves, proved that they are indeed lovers of the ‘drama queen', and they remain loyal no matter the odds.
Cee-C had the second highest votes in the Big Brother Naija games but she did not go home with any monetary reward.
Unlike other finalists, and some housemates, she did not win any of the sponsored tasks that could have earned her money gifts while she was in the house.
However, to make sure that their favourite housemate did not go home empty handed, the fans declared her their ‘BBNaija 2018 Winner' and rewarded her with a N2 million cheques.
They dotted Cee-C amid jubilations, took photographs and handed her the sum which was rallied for her by her fans, before she met with her father.
The five finalists of the reality show — Miracle, Tobi, Nina, Cee-C and Alex, arrived at the Murtala Mohammed International Airport amid glitz and glamour, as fans defied the night and came out in large numbers to wait for them.
They could barely get themselves away from the crowd, elated to see them.
However, winner of the show, Miracle, was quickly ‘smuggled' away in a waiting SUV car from the crowd.
Big Brother Naija 2018, also known as Big Brother Naija: Double Wahala, was the third season of the Nigerian scripted version of the reality show Big Brother.
It was launched on Jan. 28, 2018 on DStv channel 198, with 20 housemates from different parts of the country, while ex-housemate, Ebuka Obi-Uchend from season one anchored.
The third season ended on April 22, 2018, having run for 12 weeks (85 days), as housemate Miracle, a pilot, won the star prize and went away with N45 million.
NAN
The post #BBNaija: Finalists arrive in Nigeria, Cee-C receives N2m from fans appeared first on The Nation Nigeria.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Nation Nigeria. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Back in June, Guido told you a consensus was forming between Hammond, Fox et al on a time-limited 2-3 year transition outside the single market and customs union. As other publications breathlessly reported on Cabinet splits and Brexit coming off the rails, we wrote:
“Everyone in government including Philip Hammond agrees on a destination outside the single market and customs union… Hammond and Leavers now agree on a “softer landing”, so long as the transition is short and time-limited… this seems to Guido a sensible approach for a smooth, real Brexit.”
Yesterday Hammond and Fox dashed the hopes of the less reality-based Remainers, writing a joint article for the Sunday Telegraph confirming what Guido readers already knew:
“We will leave the customs union and be free to negotiate the best trade deals around the world as an independent, open, trading nation. We will leave the single market, because there was a vote for change on June 23rd and that is what we will deliver… We believe a time-limited interim period will be important to further our national interest and give business greater certainty – but it cannot be indefinite; it cannot be a back door to staying in the EU.”
A lot of what is being published by the FT, Guardian and Evening Standard at the moment is wishful thinking, and sometimes just plain wrong. For weeks they reported the government was being torn apart by splits over the transition. Then Osborne's Standard praised Hammond for securing victory on the transition and said the government had made the “right call”. Today Remainers are moaning Hammond has “caved in”. The reality has been clear for some time for those willing to see it: a time-limited 2-3 year transition outside the single market and customs union. As Guido readers have known for months…
GET YOUR SQUAD TOGETHER AND BECOME A BEER AFICIANDO AT THE WYNWOOD BEER FESTIVAL!
AUGUST 26TH AT MANA WYNWOOD FROM 2 TO 6.
50 LOCAL CRAFT BREWERIES WITH OVER 150 DIFFERENT BEERS LIVE ENTERTAINMENT, FOOD TRUCKS , GAMES AND THE BEER TABLE OF CHAMPIONS!
YOU CAN GET TICKETS FOR JUST 40 BUCKS OR WIN THEM ALL THIS WEEK LISTEN AT 8:35A AND 4:35P
CLICK HERE FOR COMPLETE CONTEST RULES
All Times EST EASTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div Tampa Bay 50 34 13 3 71 176 128 17-5-1 17-8-2 9-3-1 Boston 48 29 11 8 66 157 119 16-6-4 13-5-4 10-1-2 Washington 49 29 15 5 63 150 138 18-7-1 11-8-4 8-4-3 Toronto 51 28 18 5 61 162 146 13-8-2 15-10-3 6-4-1 Pittsburgh 52 28 21 3 59 156 155 18-7-1 10-14-2 10-4-0 New Jersey 49 25 16 8 58 147 147 13-8-3 12-8-5 5-6-1 Columbus 50 27 19 4 58 133 140 16-8-1 11-11-3 8-5-2 Philadelphia 49 24 17 8 56 141 141 13-9-4 11-8-4 5-2-4 N.Y. Rangers 50 25 20 5 55 153 151 17-8-3 8-12-2 7-6-3 N.Y. Islanders 51 25 21 5 55 173 184 13-8-3 12-13-2 7-7-1 Carolina 50 23 19 8 54 139 155 11-7-4 12-12-4 6-5-3 Florida 48 20 22 6 46 136 159 11-8-3 9-14-3 6-4-1 Detroit 48 19 21 8 46 126 146 10-10-7 9-11-1 6-9-2 Montreal 50 20 24 6 46 130 159 12-10-5 8-14-1 9-6-2 Ottawa 48 15 24 9 39 125 168 9-11-5 6-13-4 5-8-3 Buffalo 50 14 27 9 37 115 166 6-13-3 8-14-6 3-5-2 WESTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div Vegas 49 33 12 4 70 168 130 19-3-2 14-9-2 12-1-1 Winnipeg 51 30 13 8 68 167 137 18-3-1 12-10-7 7-5-2 Nashville 48 29 12 7 65 146 125 16-5-3 13-7-4 10-4-2 St. Louis 52 31 18 3 65 151 131 18-10-0 13-8-3 7-4-1 Dallas 51 28 19 4 60 155 137 17-8-1 11-11-3 7-10-0 San Jose 49 26 16 7 59 145 138 14-7-3 12-9-4 12-2-3 Los Angeles 50 27 18 5 59 142 121 12-9-3 15-9-2 6-9-3 Minnesota 50 27 18 5 59 147 142 17-4-4 10-14-1 8-8-0 Anaheim 51 25 17 9 59 144 142 14-9-3 11-8-6 8-5-5 Calgary 50 25 17 8 58 139 139 12-12-3 13-5-5 8-6-3 Colorado 48 27 18 3 57 157 139 18-7-1 9-11-2 7-6-1 Chicago 50 24 19 7 55 148 137 12-10-3 12-9-4 6-7-2 Edmonton 49 22 24 3 47 135 157 11-13-1 11-11-2 10-2-0 Vancouver 49 19 24 6 44 127 159 8-13-3 11-11-3 5-9-1 Arizona 50 12 29 9 33 118 172 6-15-3 6-14-6 1-7-5
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Monday's Games No games scheduled
Tuesday's Games
Minnesota 3, Columbus 2, SO
Pittsburgh 5, San Jose 2
Florida 4, N.Y. Islanders 1
Anaheim 3, Boston 1
Carolina 2, Ottawa 1
New Jersey 3, Buffalo 1
Winnipeg 3, Tampa Bay 1
St. Louis 3, Montreal 1
Chicago 2, Nashville 1
Los Angeles 3, Dallas 0
Vegas 4, Calgary 2
Colorado at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
N.Y. Islanders at Toronto, 7:30 p.m.
San Jose at Detroit, 8 p.m.
Philadelphia at Washington, 8 p.m.
Thursday's Games
Toronto at N.Y. Rangers, 7 p.m.
Montreal at Carolina, 7 p.m.
St. Louis at Boston, 7 p.m.
Florida at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Anaheim at Ottawa, 7 p.m.
Philadelphia at New Jersey, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Los Angeles at Nashville, 8:30 p.m.
Tampa Bay at Calgary, 9 p.m.
Dallas at Arizona, 9 p.m.
Colorado at Edmonton, 9 p.m.
Chicago at Vancouver, 10 p.m.
Friday's Games
Washington at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Detroit at Carolina, 7 p.m.
San Jose at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Vegas at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
MORRISTOWN, Tenn. — The Major League Baseball First Year Player Draft pipeline for Walters State Community College continued this week during the 40-round, 3-day event held in New York.
The Senators, who finished 44-12 this year, had three current players and two former players have their names called by teams in the majors, running Walters State's incredible total to 39 players selected directly from the program since 2000 and 51 players with ties to WSCC taken in that same time period.
Redshirt freshman shortstop Hunter Wolfe, who has signed with the University of Tennessee, sophomore pitcher Ricky Karcher and fellow sophomore pitcher Hunter Stratton were all taken within the first 16 rounds, while former pitchers Andrew Gist, who is now at the University of Georgia, and Reed Hayes, now at Vanderbilt University, were both taken in the first 13 rounds.
Wolfe will have a tough decision to make after signing with the Volunteers, as new Coach Tony Vitello takes over for the departed Dave Serrano, whom the Dobyns-Bennett High School graduate had signed with, and now he has a 12th round draft slot from the Pittsburgh Pirates in hand.
Wolfe had the third highest batting average for the Senators this season with a .393 clip, and he tagged eight home runs, 12 doubles, a triple, drove in 42 runs and scored 60 times after notching 77 hits. He was the 358th player taken in the draft.
Karcher, a native of Saline, Michigan, and graduate of Saline High School, pitched just one season at Walters State after playing a year for the University of Michigan. He was taken 377th overall by the Cincinnati Reds in the 13th round.
Karcher, a hard throwing right-hander, compiled a 7-3 record with a 4.27 earned run average in 15 appearances, with 12 of those outings being starts. He tossed a pair of complete games, including a shutout, as he allowed 31 runs (28 earned) on 46 hits while striking out 66 batters and walking 34 in 59 innings pitched.
Karcher is just the second Walters State player ever drafted by the Reds, joining Willie Parham, who was a fifth round pick by Cincinnati in the 1985 draft.
Stratton, a native of Bristol and graduate of Sullivan East High School, has signed with Western Carolina for next season but now has a decision to make as well after being drafted 478th overall by the Pirates in the 16th round.
Stratton finished the campaign with an 8-3 record and a 3.93 earned run average, as he worked in 16 games and started 14 this season. He tossed three complete games, including a pair of no-hitters that came in back-to-back starts early in the year. For the 2017 slate, he allowed 46 runs (29 earned) on 44 hits while striking out 79 batters and walking 36 in 66 1/3 innings.
Wolfe and Stratton became the fourth and fifth players from WSCC taken by the Pirates, joining Bobby Falls (1981 third round), David Miller (1984 24th round) and Zac Fuesser (2009 34th round). Falls, who was later drafted by the Houston Astros in the June secondary draft in 1981, was the first player ever drafted out of Walters State.
Gist, who pitched for the Senators in 2014-15 and helped lead WSCC to the JUCO World Series in 2015 with an 8-2 record, was taken 259th overall by the Tampa Bay Rays in the ninth round.
Gist, a native of Cumming, Georgia, went 6-6 in two seasons with his home state Bulldogs, notching one save, while compiling a 4.35 earned run average in 32 appearances (17 starts). He clinched Georgia's spot in the SEC Tournament this season with a road win over South Carolina.
While with the Senators, Gist won two of the three games WSCC won in the 2015 JUCO World Series, as that team went 57-12 and finished third in the nation. He becomes the second Walters State pitcher drafted by the Rays in the past three years, as Brent Honeywell was taken by the organization in the 2014 draft. Michael Brown, another right-handed pitcher for the Senators, was selected by the Rays in 1996.
Hayes, a native of Johnson City and graduate of Science Hill High School, was taken 398th overall by the Baltimore Orioles in the 13th round. Hayes was part of the 2015 World Series team as well, batting .362 during that season.
A junior for the Commodores who helped guide the team to a NCAA Super Regional this season, Hayes was a dual threat for Coach Tim Corbin's team. Hayes batted .276 with 45 hits and 36 RBIs this year, but his real time came out of the bullpen as the team's closer. He notched seven saves on the year.
Hayes becomes the first player associated with Walters State to be drafted by the Orioles.
São Paulo (AP) — A woman believed to be the first in Brazil to ask the state for permission to end a pregnancy that did not result from a rape or involve medical issues has had an abortion — in Colombia.
Rebeca Mendes filed a case with the Supreme Court in late November seeking to have an abortion when she was six weeks pregnant, but the court rejected her request.
While waiting for a decision on another petition, Mendes traveled to Colombia last week. She told The Associated Press on Monday that she had an abortion there.
Her decision to have an abortion ends her involvement in a case that garnered national headlines in Brazil and sought to push back against restrictive abortion laws.
The big G's AR toolkit for mobile graduated from preview phase in late February, and is now compatible with phones other than Pixel devices. You can now download and install it if you have a Pixel, a Samsung Galaxy S7, S8, S9 or Note 8, an LG V30, an Asus Zenfone AR or a OnePlus 5. Actually, you'll have to install it if you want to use any ARCore apps, which are bound to pop up one by one now that the platform works on more devices. That means you won't be able to run Ikea Place or any other ARCore app if you have a non-compatible phone, but Google says it's working to bring the platform to more devices throughout the year.
In addition to launching Place for Android, Ikea has also added Visual Search to its apps. The new feature gives the applications the capability to search for items in Ikea's inventory -- you just need to point your camera towards that piece of furniture that caught your eye. Finally, Ikea has launched a new gameshow series called Matchers Keepers that you can play with friends and family. You'll need to pick pieces of furniture over three rounds for a specific place in your home, and you get points for picking out matching items. All players will need to have access to Ikea Place, though, so any housemate with a non-compatible device will have to sit it out.
The winds aren't changing for Southern California's wildfires yet.
The fifth largest blaze in state history was threatening thousands of homes as it churned through coastal mountains amid persistently dangerous weather conditions.
Red Flag warnings for fire danger due to Santa Ana winds and a critical lack of moisture were extended instead of expiring Monday afternoon as was initially forecast.
The National Weather Service tweeted, "It doesn't get much drier than this," signaling that the dangerous fire conditions just aren't going away.
The wildfire has destroyed 683 homes and burned over 360 square miles of dry brush and timber.
URBANA, Ill. — Many farmers grow corn and soybeans in rotation to avoid the continuous corn yield penalty, but now there's another reason to rotate.
Scientists at the University of Illinois have evidence that rotating crops increases yield and lowers greenhouse gas emissions compared to continuous corn or soybean.
“I think farmers in today's world are looking for reasons to avoid growing in a monoculture. They're looking to diversify and rotate their systems,” said Gevan Behnke, research specialist in the university's Department of Crop Sciences
“If they're doing that partially out of a concern for the environment, well, it lowers greenhouse gasses. And it could potentially result in a substantial yield increase.”
Long-term plots
There are other studies out there looking at the link between crop rotation and greenhouse gas emissions, but Behnke's study is unique in a couple of ways.
First and most significantly, he sampled greenhouse gas emissions from fields that had been maintained as continuous corn, continuous soybean, rotated corn-soybean, or rotated corn-soybean-wheat, under tillage and no-till management, for 20 years.
“These long-term plots are very stable systems. Sometimes you don't see the impacts of rotation or tillage for years after those practices are imposed. That's one of the highlights of this study,” Behnke said.
His findings
Comparing the corn phase of a corn-soybean rotation to continuous corn showed an average yield benefit of more than 20 percent and a cumulative reduction in nitrous oxide emissions of approximately 35 percent.
Nitrous oxide is an extremely potent greenhouse gas, with a global warming potential — how much heat a greenhouse gas traps in the atmosphere — almost 300 times higher than carbon dioxide.
It is a byproduct of the process of denitrification, during which bacteria in the soil break nitrate down into inert nitrogen gas.
Not surprisingly, nitrous oxide emissions are tied to the rate and timing of nitrogen fertilizer application.
“Nitrous oxide levels were high at the beginning of the season and lower at the end. Farmers usually apply fertilizer in the spring and it gets taken up by the crop throughout the season,” Behnke said. “A typical farmer would expect these results.”
For soybean, which doesn't get fertilized, rotation did not affect nitrous oxide emissions compared to continuous soybean. Rotation did increase soybean yield by about 7 percent, however.
Tillage did not impact greenhouse gas emissions, but the practice gave corn an edge of about 15 bushels per acre over corn in no-till management.
Behnke said that effect may not apply to farms outside the study area, however. That's because of the other unique aspect of the research: the location.
The study was conducted at the Northwestern Illinois Agricultural Research and Demonstration Center near Monmouth. With some of the most productive soils in the world, Behnke said corn yields are higher there than almost anywhere else.
And greater yields mean more surface residue.
Residue challenge
“If you talk to people that work at the Monmouth research center, they'll say it's sometimes difficult to plant into the long-term no-till. It's like planting into thick mulch,” Behnke said. “Other places aren't as blessed when it comes to biomass and organic matter return to the soil.”
He adds that other studies comparing tillage and no-till management in corn don't typically show large differences in terms of yield.
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & […]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the […]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous […]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, […]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for […]
U.S. President Donald Trump on Monday called for tighter restrictions on immigration in the wake of the terrorist attack in New York City carried out by a Bangladesh native living in the U.S.
"America must fix its lax immigration system, which allows far too many dangerous, inadequately vetted people to access our country," Trump said in a written statement quoted by USA Today.
Unknown assailants kill ex-naval officer, Famuyiwa
An ex-naval officer and Chief Executive Officer of MAF 44 Gardens and Event centre, Arigbajo, Ogun State, Chief Moses Akanni Famuyiwa, popularly called MAF 44, was yesterday murdered in cold blood by unknown assailants, who invaded his home in the early hours of the day.
The 73-year-old man was stabbed on the vein in his left elbow by the assailants who ensured he lost more than enough blood before fleeing the scene.
The room where he was murdered was a gory sight, likened to a slaughter slab, as the bed-sheets, pillows, rug and the tiles were littered with bloodstains, as a result of the deceased's struggle with the murderers.
When The Guardian visited the scene, residents, neighbours and sympathisers, were seen in large numbers bemoaning the tragedy which has befallen the deceased, whom they described as a man with a large heart and an unwavering philanthropist.
There were, however, two sides to the story. While some claimed it was a robbery incident that went haywire, others said it was a case of assassination, as the assailants came with the mindset of killing him.
The wife, Mrs Opeyemi Akintanmide Famuyiwa, who was with him when the incident happened, narrated to The Guardian that the murderers, numbering three invaded the house around 5:00a.m. when the guards had left their post.
They immediately entered the room through the window and went straight for the deceased who was on the bed with her. She disclosed that they pounced on him but he struggled with them for long. They later over-powered him and used a broken bottle nearby to stab him on the elbow vein, where he bled profusely, noting that they took their time to ensure he wasted much blood before they left the scene.
“Immediately they left, I tied cloth around the wound to stop the blood, before I shouted for help. They didn't go with any of his belongings; they only went with my phone and handbag, containing my identity card, driver's licence, two Automated Teller Machine cards (ATMs) and other valuables.
“They didn't touch his expensive phone lying beside him. God should expose the killers, they must not go free,” she pleaded.
One of his sons, Segun Famuyiwa, told The Guardian that immediately his mother raised the alarm, which they heard in the main house, he rushed down to the scene and took him to a private hospital in Ifo, as he was still breathing as at that time, but he was rejected. It was while he was being taking to another hospital that he have up the ghost.
As at the time of visit, men of the Nigerian Police Force, Ewekoro Command, led by their Divisional Police Officer (DPO) and an official of the Directorate of Security Services (DSS) were already in the area, combing the nook and crannies for hints on the case, which eventually led to the recovery of the stolen bag, but the content has been taken away.
The DPO who refused to disclose his name told The Guardian that his men would do everything necessary to ensure that the killers are brought to book.
While confirming that the stolen bag had been recovered, he said the deceased's wife will be taking to their station for further interrogation, as she cannot immediately give them any information because of the trauma of the incident.
“We are going to beef up security around here, more men would be brought in, to patrol this area.”
This post was syndicated from The Guardian Nigeria Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
President Rodrigo Duterte has withdrawn from public duties this week because he is tired and needs to “rejuvenate”, his spokesman said Thursday as government forces battled Islamist militants in the biggest crisis of his rule.
Duterte, 72, has not been seen in public since Sunday and missed a scheduled appearance the following day at annual Independence Day celebrations in Manila, sparking speculation about the state of his health.
“He's just taking some time off to rejuvenate,” presidential spokesman Ernesto Abella told reporters.
ADVERTISEMENT
Abella said there was no date for when Duterte would resume his official duties, although he insisted the president was healthy.
READ: Duterte in excellent health, just needs rest — Palace
“I'm saying that there's nothing to worry about in terms of sickness,” he said.
“The president is well.”
Pressed by journalists to state whether Duterte had visited a doctor this week, Abella said: “I'm not privy to those matters but I'm sure he's checked with his own experts.”
Duterte was last seen in the southern city of Cagayan de Oro, visiting soldiers wounded in nearby fighting with Islamic State group-styled gunmen that is now on its fourth week.
Fifty-eight soldiers and police officers have died in the clashes in Marawi city, while at least 26 civilians have also been confirmed killed.
The militants remain holed up in pockets of Marawi alongside hundreds of trapped civilians being used as hostages or human shields.
ADVERTISEMENT
Duterte imposed martial law over Marawi and the rest of the southern region of Mindanao, home to 20 million people, on the day the fighting erupted to head off what he said was an attempt by IS to carve out its own territory there.
Abella said Duterte was taking time off because of a punishing schedule since then, which included regular visits to military camps and hospitals to support troops.
“It has been really brutal, so it is important to allow him this kind of rest,” Abella said.
Duterte had repeatedly denied during last year's presidential election campaign that he suffered from cancer.
However he said last December that he used to take fentanyl, a highly addictive synthetic opioid, to ease the pain of a spinal injury that he suffered in motorcycle accidents many years earlier.
READ: Duterte's painkiller use draws concern
Duterte said then his doctor made him stop using it on learning he was “abusing the drug” by using more than the prescribed amount.
READ: Duterte admits he has 4 ailments
Duterte's fentanyl comments attracted controversy as he has led a war on drugs in which thousands of addicts and users have been killed.
Under the constitution, the separately elected vice president shall act as president if the incumbent dies, is permanently disabled or removed from office.
RELATED STORIES
Armed US troops support AFP operations in Marawi
AFP finds lapses by troops in clashes with Marawi terrorists
Duterte's health a ‘national security issue' — opposition
Inquirer calls for support for the victims in Marawi City
Responding to appeals for help, the Philippine Daily Inquirer is extending its relief to victims of the attacks in Marawi City
Cash donations may be deposited in the Inquirer Foundation Corp. Banco De Oro (BDO) Current Account No: 007960018860.
Inquiries may be addressed to Inquirer's Corporate Affairs office through Connie Kalagayan at 897-4426, ckalagayan@inquirer.com.ph and Bianca Kasilag-Macahilig at 897-8808 local 352, bkasilag@inquirer.com.ph.
For donation from overseas:
Inquirer Foundation Corp account:
Inquirer Foundation Corp. Banco De Oro (BDO) Current Account No: 007960018860
Swift Code: BNORPHMM
Faraday Future Dramatically Lowers Automotive Ambitions
Faraday Future is running on fumes. But it's still running. The Gardena-based luxury electricstart-up raised $14 million in emergency funding and will lease an assembly plant at an old factory near Fresno that will enable it to turn out 10,000 cars a year.
The company has dramatically lowered its ambitions. Its goal now is to try to remain solvent enough to start manufacturing and selling the FF 91, a powerful, technology-packed luxurious electric sedan with a base price expected to top $100,000.
As recently as last year, the company had plans to turn out 150,000 cars a year from a massive new $5-billion assembly plant near Las Vegas.
Those plans were dashed when the company's primary investor, Chinese entrepreneur and LeEco Chief Executive Jia Yueting, ran into severe financial difficulty in his home country, including a government-decreed freeze on assets. Faraday financing dried up, and the Las Vegas factory never got off the ground.
Last week, a two-year-old investment firm called Innovatus Capital Partners handed Faraday $13.75 million on a one-year loan, but not before laying claims to Faraday's Gardena headquarters as collateral. The cost of the loan was not made public.
Faraday's new factory sits along a two-lane road in Hanford, a town of 55,000, and a railroad crossroads. Armstrong Rubber Co. first opened the building in 1962 to manufacture tires. In 1985, Italian tire-maker Pirelli bought the factory but shut it down in 2001, citing foreign competition and lower wage rates in Brazil and Venezuela.
The building has been mostly empty since, though late last year a medical marijuana supplier sought city permission to use it as a growth farm and processing plant, provoking a debate over morals versus economic development in the conservative community. The company bowed out in March after the city said it would wait until after the Nov. 18 election to decide.
Then Faraday stepped in. About 400 of Faraday's 1,000 Gardena employees volunteered to drive to the Hanford site on Saturday to "see it, touch it, work on it, paint an FF sign on it," said Stefan Krause, the company's chief operating officer, who joined Faraday in March.
A Deutsche Bank and BMW veteran, Krause is on the hunt for capital to keep Faraday alive. The recently borrowed $14 million is peanuts against the tens to hundreds of millions of dollars Krause must raise.
An assembly plant and a schedule for production will help, he said: "For investors, it makes it more real." The Hanford plant covers a million square feet with a section more than 300 yards long once used for tire making, the right shape and length for an auto assembly line.
When Krause came in last March, he saw how much time and money a brand-new plant would require, and steered the company in a new direction. The need for speed is urgent, he said. "It's strategically important to be the second (luxury electric car) after Tesla.
A luxury electric car start-up based in Silicon Valley, Lucid Motors, is also seeking new capital as it races against Faraday and others, including Lynk & Co., a new luxury electric carmaker in China that plans to sell in the U.S. through Volvo dealerships.
If Faraday's plans are met, the first production cars will come off the line headed for customers by the end of next year.
© 2017 Los Angeles Times under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
May Interest You:
New cars come equipped with safety systems. But how about all the other cars that are more than a year old? No worries... There are plenty of car safety features that are available, affordably, for ALL cars, not just new ones. See products that are available for YOUR car at: Make My Car Safe, the premium online seller of car safety products for ALL cars.
Virginia lost to Chaminade, an NAIA school, in 1982. At the time it was the ultimate test of whether you can believe what you read in the newspaper..Russell Turner was a 12-year-old, growing up in Virginia. He actually delivered that Roanoke Times.
On Friday night, Turner watched Virginia play UMBC, the University of Maryland Baltimore County. The UMBC coach was Ryan Odom, son of Dave Odom, who was coaching Tim Duncan at Wake Forest when Turner was an assistant there. Ryan also began his playing career at Division III Hampden-Sydney the year after Turner left..
Turner is UC Irvine's coach now, and he watched the Retrievers lead by six and eight and 12, with little resistance from the Cavaliers. He marveled at Odom's mystical calm.
Eventually UMBC won 74-54. It was the first time a top-seeded men's team ever lost to a 16 seed, but realistically it was No. 64 over No. 1. The Retrievers never will forget it. The Cavaliers never will be spared.
“UMBC was quicker at three positions than Virginia was,” Turner said Monday. “They had three really good senior guards. Then you saw Virginia start to get uptight, and you saw UMBC start hitting threes and gaining confidence.
“A critical component of the tournament is the pressure on the favorite. There's all the social media, there are the brackets, there's all the people who want to see the upset. But this wasn't a good matchup for Virginia, and it's a one-and-done tournament. Can you imagine what the NBA playoffs would be like if it was one-and-done?”
There's a match play tournament in golf that starts Wednesday in Austin. When it was at La Costa, Tiger Woods lost twice to Aussie lefthander Nick O'Hern.
Buster Douglas beat Mike Tyson. Jack Fleck beat Ben Hogan. Rulon Gardner outwrestled Aleksandr Karelin.
And there was a Miracle on Ice.
That is why Leicester City's Premier League championship in 2016 is the most incredible sustained upset in sports history. It was a miracle that lasted 38 games.
But the secret of the NCAA tournament is that it always delivers surprise, or its illusion.
Loyola-Chicago is no pop-up doll. The Ramblers are 28-5 and won at Florida. But when they hit the final shot to beat both Miami and Tennessee, and when they have a 98-year-old chaplain named Sister Jean who gets hugs from the winning players, they become part of Madness Culture.
The other secret is fans get involved in the upset and sometimes convince themselves they're responsible. They play along with the teams in a way that doesn't happen anywhere else. When Marshall knocked off Wichita State, thousands nodded knowingly. “I had that one,” they said.
The truth is the teams really aren't very different, except for their TV time. Some are laden with future pros, like Duke and Kentucky, but they can be betrayed by their youth. Some are senior-dominated and lack the one great takeover player.
Depth is an issue. When Xavier's J.P. Macura and Cincinnati's Jarron Cumberland fouled out, their teams crumbled. When Virginia's De'Andre Hunter broke his wrist last week, that jangled the team's nerve endings.
Ryan Odom knows the landscape. As a kid, he was Virginia's ballboy. His dad was an assistant during the Ralph Sampson years. Ryan passed out water during timeouts.
He is 43. He and his wife Lucia raise a son with severe OCD issues. Odom makes $230,000 a year, and an NCAA win like this one gets the attention of athletic directors who need a coach and like to win the press conference. It is an overnight shot of credibility.
Before Odom arrived, UMBC had won 41 games in seven seasons. Now it has won 46 in two seasons. But UMBC lost to Albany by 40, and had lost 23 consecutive games to Vermont before Jarius Lyles' jumper won the America East Tournament on Vermont's floor.
The Retrievers lost Sunday to Kansas State, but only by 50-43. K-State coach Bruce Weber saw Dave Odom in between games and told him UMBC was a great story.
“It is,” Odom replied. “Don't ruin it.”
Meanwhile, a UMBC student team won a national cybersecurity competition and the school celebrated its first Rhodes scholar. It has been a chess powerhouse for years. None of that was known before Lyles shot 9 for 11 and scored 28 on Friday.
“There are a lot of players out there,' Turner said. “It's not just finding them, it's developing them, getting them to find their confidence. Now, a lot more of them will believe they can do this.”
More of us will, too. UMBC over Virginia might or might not have been the all-time upset. It probably was the last one.
FILE- In this May 14, 2010 file photo, a Qatari woman walks in front of the city skyline in Doha, Qatar. The U.S. military says it has halted some military exercises with Gulf countries over the ongoing diplomatic dispute targeting Qatar. (AP Photo/Kamran Jebreili, File)
LONDON (AP) — The regional blockade on Qatar poses "no risk" to the 2022 World Cup going ahead, the tournament head said on Friday, maintaining that logistical obstacles are being overcome and building work is continuing with only "minimal" cost increases.
The energy-rich nation's land border and its air and sea routes have been closed off for four months since Bahrain, Egypt, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates launched an economic boycott. It has forced World Cup organizers to find alternative sources for materials to complete the eight venues being used by the region's first major soccer tournament.
"We have come under criticism and attack over the years, but we have always faced our critics," Qatar World Cup supreme committee secretary general Hassan Al Thawadi told The Associated Press. "Our projects are going ahead as scheduled. This (blockade) is no risk in relation to the hosting of the World Cup."
The diplomatic crisis that has torn apart the Gulf Cooperation Council stems from allegations Qatar supports for extremist groups in the region, charges denied by Doha.
When Qatar's sole land border with Saudi Arabia was closed and sea traffic cut off, World Cup organizers were forced to instigate their "Plan B." They express confidence FIFA is not exploring a "Plan B" of its own for an alternate 2022 host.
"Every project has contingency plans and we have had contingency plans in place from the very start," Al Thawadi said in an interview during a visit to London to attend an exhibition by the Doha-based Aspire sports academy. "Once the blockade came into play we contacted the main contractors, we put in place alternative supply chains, we sourced alternative materials from alternate suppliers. I'm very happy to say that our project scale is on time and there is no significant impact on our projects.
"As of today we haven't seen a significant impact on the cost. There might have been some minimal increase in terms of establishing alternative supply chains but these have been absorbed very, very quickly and been normalized as these supply chains have been put in place."
___
More AP World Cup coverage: www.apnews.com/tag/WorldCup
Rob Harris is at www.twitter.com/RobHarris and www.facebook.com/RobHarrisReports
A Niagara-on-the-Lake councillor wants Niagara Regional Police to assign another full-time officer to the town and do more patrols and traffic enforcement in the Glendale area.
Coun. Paolo Miele made that motion Monday. It said increased policing is necessary due to residential and business growth in the town, the large number of tourists and college students living in the Glendale area.
While other councillors agreed with Miele that the town is paying too much for policing costs compared to other municipalities in the region due to the town's high property assessments, they did not support his motion.
Coun. Jim Collard suggested that Miele withdraw the motion until “we can craft a motion that can actually work.”
“It's too important to craft it on the fly,” agreed Coun. Maria Bau-Coote, who requested statistics and other information be included so “it looks well-planned and thought-out.”
Councillors also questioned whether there would be an additional cost to the town if the police services board and the Niagara Region approved increasing the town's complement from two officers to three.
“I … feel we're paying for it already,” said Miele. “I don't think there should be any further costs.”
Coun. Jamie King pointed out that Chief Jeff McGuire had been “really clear about deployment strategies” when he addressed council last November.
Asked about the possibility of more patrols, the chief said the statistics don't show a need for more police cars being assigned to the town. McGuire said only about one per cent of calls to the NRP from across the region come from Niagara-on-the-Lake.
“I have every confidence they will meet our needs as a community,” said King on Monday.
However, he added that the cost of policing continues to be a major issue for the municipality.
Lord Mayor Pat Darte said the town's share of policing costs for the Niagara Region is higher than its annual operating budget.
Miele agreed to withdraw his motion and work on “a better one” for presentation to council at a later date.
We've never been closer to getting pervasive, global identities. And with 2FA/MFA, you get all of the benefit with less of the risk.
Identity is the only security boundary that has ever mattered in computer security defense. Physical boundaries, firewall boundaries, security domains, forests, realms and virtual networks… none of those matter if a single logon credential that can access multiple domains is compromised.
Today's identity solutions are able to access sometimes hundreds of thousands of different security domains using a single credential, but surprisingly can do so while decreasing overall risk. How is this possible?
Identity in the early days
In the early days of computers and networking, most people used a single logon name and password to access everything. This proved to be a very bad strategy, as the compromise of one computer could lead to a compromise of every other computer sharing the same logon credentials. Everyone was told to create a different password for every different system they accessed.
Identity mid-term
With most people now accessing dozens to hundreds of different password-protected resources, using different passwords for each resource required either writing them all down (a big no-no), using a password manager (which stored all the passwords and maybe also auto-logged people in as they visited all the different sites), or some sort of single sign-on (SSO) solution.
SSO solutions became fairly popular in the enterprise and password managers became fairly prevalent in the home user space. But both types of solutions have never worked across all security domains and platforms with a decent amount of consistency. A few broadly applying SSO solutions were created, tried and abandoned, such as Microsoft's original Passport and the decentralized OpenID standard. None of the mid-term SSO solutions really took off despite all their promises of global use and acceptance.
Identity today
It took social media killer apps, like Facebook and Twitter, to run roughshod over the rest of the identity also-rans for new winners to emerge. Their huge user populations assured that whatever solution and protocols they used were going to end up being global and pervasive. New global identity standards and solutions popped up overnight — or so it seemed to identity observers. The new solutions were not always globally trusted and agreed upon. It hurt the feelings of many smart, dedicated people who had been working on other, potentially better solutions, for far longer. It didn't matter. Assimilate or fall behind.
After the initial pain of being pushed around by a few 800 lb. gorillas subsided, the forced new standards ended up being a good thing. The end result is that we have fewer, but more popularly accepted SSO authentication standards to choose among. And they can be used across both enterprise and consumer platforms.
When discussing today's identity solutions you'll hear the following protocols and solutions bandied about: Facebook's Graph API, oAuth, OpenIDConnect, xAuth, SAML, RESTful, and FIDO Alliance. After decades of trying, the world of pervasive identities is finally coming within reach. On many web sites, you can use your Facebook, Twitter, or favorite oAuth- or xAuth-enabled SSO logon to authenticate. There are still interoperability problems, but those barriers are coming down fast.
Today, you can use your password, phone, digital certificates, biometric identity, two-factor authentication (2FA), or multi-factor authentication (MFA) SSO solution to log on to a myriad of sites. Each identity can have different “attributes” or “claims” associated with it, be associated with one or more trusted devices, have different assurance levels, and be used on different sites of your choosing.
Of course, right now, we don't have universally accepted SSO that works at all sites, but we're getting closer. And now that we are closer, I'm almost certain we don't really want it.
There is a distinct need for most of us to have multiple identities tied to different things. For example, most of us have work and personal accounts. My work wants the ability to retain all my work-related content at all times and even has the ability to immediately erase all work content if they terminate my employment. At the same time, I don't want my work admins having access to my personal content browsing history on my home computer. I don't want my personal documents somehow ending up on my work computer and vice-versa, which does sometimes happen today with our more pervasive global identities. I remember how surprised I was when my wife plugged her iPod into my work computer to charge and suddenly her iTunes had copies of my work documents.
Perfect single identity
In my perfect world, it would be great if I had a single, global identity that had different “personas”, such as “Work Roger” and “Home Roger”, that I could apply in different use case scenarios and that would be sure to keep the different content and resources separate. It will probably work that way in the future, but we are not quite there yet.
Doesn't a single sign-on open up more risk?
You may be wondering if having a single, unifying identity (or even just fewer, but more pervasive identities), means that a single identity compromise will lead to a worse set of consequences due to the single failure. After all, isn't using a single identity sign-on a lot like using a single password for all your web sites? Have we gone full circle just to end up with the same problems?
Yes and no, and mostly no if you do the right thing.
If the global identity mechanism you are using gets compromised at its source (i.e., the identity provider), there is a greater risk that the compromised identity can be used at more places. For example, if a bad guy compromises your Facebook account logon name and password, it is more likely that he might be able to access everywhere you logon using your Facebook account credentials.
But that's why Facebook, and most other popular social sites and authentication providers are pushing stronger 2FA and MFA solutions, and you should use them. That way even if the hacker gets your password, he doesn't get (at least not immediately, if ever) the second factor or physical device required as part of your authentication.
Additionally, most of the global identity solutions don't use a single authentication token on the participating sites. Instead, your “global token” is used to create separate site- and session-specific authentication tokens that are never used at other sites. This means if an attacker breaks into a particular site that relies on your global authentication token, it can't be used elsewhere. It's win-win. Much better than a shared password.
Biometric worries
I do worry about the casual use of biometrics and how they may one day be stored in everyone's global identity account. Biometrics are never as great as they are purported to be. They aren't as accurate as claimed, often easy to fake, and often don't work (just have a little sweat or dirt on your fingerprint and try using your fingerprint reader).
But suppose you are a big biometric fingerprint fan and you want to be able to use them to access any website, so you pick a global authentication provider that accepts your fingerprints. It sounds like a great idea. But once we start storing fingerprints in global identities, attackers who compromise the identity provider will have your fingerprints…forever. They could possibly “be you” on all the other web sites that accept your fingerprints.
So far two things have saved us from biometric identity theft being a widespread problem (beyond the fact that biometrics just aren't accepted in many places beyond phones and laptops). First, most biometrics are stored and used locally. This means the hacker has to access and compromise your device to get access to your biometric identity, and even if he gets access, the biometrics would not work beyond that single compromised device.
A second, and related issue, is that once you logon using your biometric identity, what happens authentication-wise from then on is that the authentication system uses one of the other previous discussed authentication methods. It is using some other authentication token besides your fingerprint. Your biometric identity (usually) doesn't leave your local device. That would change if people started to overly rely on biometric authentication globally.
Conclusion
Never have we been closer than we are now to getting pervasive, global identities. My advice: enable and require the use of 2FA/MFA options with your global identities. That way you get all of the benefit with less of the risk.
NAPTIP Rescue 100 Of Human Trafficking Victims In Sokoto
The National Agency for the Prohibition of Trafficking in Persons (NAPTIP), Sokoto, Kebbi and Zamfara zonal Command, said it has rescued no fewer than 100 victims of human trafficking in 2017. Making the disclosure, the Zonal Commander, Barrister Tahir Hamisu Hassan stressed those rescued were majorly females who are victims of child labour and child […]
The post NAPTIP Rescue 100 Of Human Trafficking Victims In Sokoto appeared first on Leadership Nigeria Newspapers.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Leadership Nigeria Newspapers. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Icicles have become a common sight in Yorkshire during the recent cold snap - but have you seen a formation as impressive as this one?
This bush on a country lane near Otley was transformed into an icy wonderland by the freezing temperatures.
It sits beside a puddle on West Lane in Askwith, and the icicles formed due to the vegetation being covered by water splashed onto it by passing traffic.
Sue Coates took these stunning images.
Yorkshire Dales waterfall becomes 20ft curtain of ice during Beast from the East
PHILADELPHIA--(BUSINESS WIRE)--May 30, 2018--AmeriHealth Caritas, a leading Medicaid managed care organization (MCO), is supporting Women's Health Month by encouraging women to seek preventive care. Preventive screening tests can detect diseases early when they're easiest to treat.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006422/en/
Infographic courtesy of AmeriHealth Caritas
“The power of preventive screenings and early detection cannot be understated,” said Dr. Andrea Gelzer, Chief Medical Officer at AmeriHealth Caritas. “It's important for women to be proactive about seeking preventive care for the range of health issues that may surface over time.”
@ 20 years of age Cholesterol screening: Once you turn 20, have your cholesterol checked every 4 to 6 years. Have it checked more often if you have diabetes, a history of heart disease, high blood pressure, a BMI of 30 or higher, or if you smoke.
@ 21 years of age Pap test: If you are age 21 to 65, get a Pap test once every 3 years. Talk with your primary care provider (PCP) about how often you should be tested. You still need a well-woman visit yearly even if you do not need a Pap test.
@ 45 years of age Diabetes: If you are age 45 or older and are overweight or at high risk for diabetes, ask your PCP to test you. Diabetes, or high blood sugar, can cause problems with your heart, eyes, feet, kidneys, nerves, and other body parts.
Heart Disease: If you are age 45 to 79, ask your PCP if you should take aspirin every day to help lower your risk of a heart attack.
Mammogram: If you are age 45 to 54, get a screening every 1 to 2 years. Talk with your PCP about your personal risk factors, together you can decide when you should start getting mammograms and how often.
@ 50 years of age Colorectal Cancer: If you are age 50 to 75, get tested for colorectal cancer. You and your PCP can decide which test is best. If you have a family history of colorectal cancer, you may need to be tested before you turn 50.
@ 60 years of age Vision Disorders: Starting at age 60 (age 40 if you are African American), have a full eye exam with dilated pupils at least every 2 years. This will check for glaucoma and other eye problems. If you have diabetes, you should have an eye exam each year no matter what age you are.
Talk to your primary care provider (PCP) about how to prioritize preventive health screenings, and the frequency in which you should schedule them based on risk factors associated with your family history and age.
About AmeriHealth Caritas
AmeriHealth Caritas is part of the Independence Health Group in partnership with Blue Cross Blue Shield of Michigan. AmeriHealth Caritas is one of the nation's leaders in health care solutions for those most in need. Operating in 16 states and the District of Columbia, AmeriHealth Caritas serves approximately 5.6 million Medicaid, Medicare and Children's Health Insurance Program (CHIP) members through its integrated managed care products, pharmaceutical benefit management and specialty pharmacy services, behavioral health services, and other administrative services. Headquartered in Philadelphia, AmeriHealth Caritas is a mission-driven organization with more than 35 years of experience serving low-income and chronically ill populations. For more information, visit www.amerihealthcaritas.com.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006422/en/
CONTACT: AmeriHealth Caritas
Jawanza Keita, 267-298-5702
jkeita@amerihealthcaritas.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA PENNSYLVANIA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: WOMEN HEALTH CONSUMER GENERAL HEALTH
SOURCE: AmeriHealth Caritas
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 05/30/2018 04:16 PM/DISC: 05/30/2018 04:16 PM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180530006422/en
Israel's Interior Ministry arranges the return of the body of an Israeli-Arab teen killed in a terrorist attack in an Istanbul nightclub.
Israel's Interior Ministry arranged the return of the body of an Israeli-Arab teen killed in a terrorist attack in an Istanbul nightclub.
Lian Zaher Nasser, 19, from the Arab city of Tira, was one of 39 killed in the attack, which occurred at around 1 a.m. Saturday at the Reina nightclub in Istanbul's Ortakoy neighborhood.
Nasser's family asked the Tira municipality for help in repatriating the body, since there was no travel insurance to help with the expense. The municipality turned to the government, which made the arrangements.
The ZAKA Israeli search-and-rescue organization, which has worked around the world, coordinated the repatriation including logistics, transportation and financial, The Times of Israel reported.
The body was expected to arrive in Israel on Monday morning.
Because the attack at the Istanbul club did not target Israeli citizens, the Defense Ministry is not expected to not recognize Nasser or her friend who was injured in the attack as terror victims, Ynet reported. Two other Israeli women also from Tira were at the nightclub during the attack.
The Islamic State terror group on Monday claimed responsibility for the attack in a statement written in Arabic and Turkish. It warned of other attacks on Turkey to come. The attacker is still on the loose.
Antrim v St Mary's switched to Glenavy 02 January 2017
A general view of the McKenna Cup.
©INPHO/Presseye/Russell Pritchard. A general view of the McKenna Cup.©INPHO/Presseye/Russell Pritchard.
The Ulster GAA Council has confirmed one venue change ahead of this weekend's opening round of fixtures in the Dr McKenna Cup.
Antrim's meeting with St Mary's in Section B of the competition, which has originally been fixed for Corrigan Park, will now take place at Glenavy.
Throw-in time is still at 2pm, along with the other five fixtures which can be seen below.
Sunday 8th January
Bank of Ireland Dr McKenna Cup Round 1
(All games at 2.00pm)
Section A
Down V QUB at RGU Downpatrick
Ref: M Farrelly (Cavan)
Derry V Armagh at Owenbeg
Ref: N Cullen (Fermanagh)
Section B
Antrim V St Mary's at Glenavy
Ref: D Mullan (Derry)
Monaghan V Fermanagh at St Tiernach's Park, Clones
Ref: N Mooney (Cavan)
Section C
Cavan V Tyrone at Kingspan Breffni Park, Cavan
Ref: M McNally (Monaghan)
Donegal V Ulster University at Pairc MacCumhaill, Ballybofey
Ref: C Dourneen (Cavan)
OR Media, based in London and New York indie film house, Paladin are set to distribute Path of Blood, a new, found footage documentary/thriller that takes an unprecedented look into the world of jihadi terrorism.
Directed by Jonathan Hacker and based on his acclaimed book of the same name, the film was executive produced by Academy Award-winner Mark Boal of Zero Dark Thirty and The Hurt Locker as well as Megan Ellison's Annapurna Pictures.
Culled from jihadi home-movie footage captured by Saudi security services, this is the story of Muslim terrorists targeting Muslim civilians and brought to justice by Muslim security agents. It's a stark reminder that all who are touched by terrorism are victimized by it. The documentary reveals how brainwashed youths, fuelled by idealism and the misguided pursuit of adventure, can descend into madness and carnage. The raw, unvarnished footage captures young thrill-seekers at a jihadi “boot camp” deep in the Saudi desert, having signed on to overthrow the Saudi government. They plot to detonate car-bombs in downtown Riyadh, become embroiled in a game of cat-and-mouse with government forces and, as their plans unravel, resort to ever more brutal tactics.
Adopting a strictly objective approach, the film doesn't editorialize and contains no interviews or “talking heads” commentary. The video footage was shot by the terrorists themselves, allowing viewers to see them in all their complexity, while compelling audiences to draw their own conclusions. Hacker said, “I wasshocked at how powerful the imagery was. The footage took the viewer behind the scenes with Al Qaeda and had a genuine intimacy. I felt, for the first time, I was seeing these disturbed young men as real human beings.”
MILWAUKEE (WISN) — The pilot of the blimp that caught fire, crashed and exploded during the U.S. Open said the exact cause of the crash remains a mystery for now.
Source: WAOW.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
07:50 Reported News Briefs Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 Shvat 19, 5777 , 15/02/17 Members of Trump's campaign contacted Russia ahead of elections Read more
FBI investigated former, current US officials, find phone records showing Trump campaign contacted Russia prior to elections. ► ◄ Last Briefs
By Prosper Ndlovu
The sourcing of foreign currency from the parallel market is not sustainable for industry operations and Government needs to capacitate the Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe (RBZ) to meet funding requirements for key raw material imports, an official has said.
Zimbabwe is grappling with acute foreign exchange shortages with several businesses now resorting to osiphatheleni (illegal money changers), who charge a higher premium with the US$:Bond Note exchange rate hovering around 1:1.3.
Due to cash shortages and limited forex reserves, the RBZ is not able to meet industry requirement levels and has since come up with a priority list in terms of formal allocations.
The situation has prejudiced some businesses who blame the forex shortages for frustrating their operations.
Economists also blame the high parallel market premium for price distortions that have weakened consumer spending.
“Buying foreign exchange from the ‘black market' is not sustainable and as industry we have said we would rather engage the RBZ to provide the forex we want for critical imports,” said Mr Joseph Gunda, president of the Confederation of Zimbabwe Industries (CZI) Matabeleland Chapter.
“Yes, the core issue at the moment is unavailability of forex from the RBZ. But we need to get the forex using the normal/formal channels through RBZ and not from the black market. If the RBZ is capacitated this can stimulate economic growth and exports.”
He said CZI as the dominant industry body would continue to lobby the Central Bank to address productivity concerns and urged local firms to engage the association about their needs.
Given the industry requirements, Mr Gunda revealed that his organisation was having meetings with the RBZ on a weekly basis to ensure that companies get foreign exchange through normal and official channels.
He said the obscene premium charged by osiphatheleni when seeking foreign exchange was partly to blame for price increases as producers pass the excess burden to consumers.
The CZI leader, who is also top manager at General Beltings, condemned profiteering by some businesses that were thriving on speculation to short-change consumers.
For instance, Mr Gunda said, there was no justification for brickmaking firms to hike prices when the clay soils they use were not being imported by sourced locally.
The country's manufacturing sector has recorded a 5.5 percent growth in volume output this year compared to 2016, riding on a string of protectionist policies and fresh investments.
This is despite the slight drop in average capacity utilisation from 47.4 percent to 45.1 percent during the same period. According to CZI, the industry is facing a myriad of challenges that affect viability.
These include high costs of production, obsolete equipment, inadequate capital for retooling, competition from cheap imports, frequent garnishes from statutory bodies like Zimra and NSSA and high interest rates on loans.
Mr Gunda was speaking during a meeting organised by the Institute of Chartered Accountants in Bulawayo last Friday. The Chronicle
Kids in Crisis explores the state of mental health care for juveniles in Wisconsin.
Source: WisconsinRapidsDailyTribune.com
News At Other State Sites:
1
WISCONSINREPORT.COM (WiscReport.com) is not affiliated with Wisconsin Government or any state agency, department, entity, or other website or printed publication with Wisconsin in it's name. Established in 2002, we operate completely independent from political parties and other forms of outside influence. Our Mission is to report the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth. We are WiscReport on Twitter and Facebook. A Morbizco Internet Media online publication. – WisconsinReport.com.
Learn More about WisconsinReport.com.
It's a bird, it's a plane — it's the Virginia Vintage Comic Book Show which is set to take place this weekend at the Salem Civic Center. WFIR's Clark Palmer has more.
8-14 Virginia Vintage Comic Book Show Wrap-WEB
Gov't to borrow Sh148 billion to fight gender based violence
Kampala, Uganda | THE INDEPENDENT | The Deputy Director Uganda Media Centre, Shaban Bantariza said the decision was approved by cabinet yesterday during its weekly meeting. The borrowing was approved to support the strengthening of social risk management and gender-based violence (GBV) prevention and response project.
The loan is required to increase participation in gender-based violence prevention programs and increase utilization of multi-sectoral services for survivors of gender-based violence in targeted districts.
Asked about the districts which will benefit from the loan, Bantariza said they will be communicated by the ministry of gender at an appropriate time after securing the loan.
GBV Statistics
The detailed report of 2016 Uganda Demographic and Health Survey by Uganda Bureau of Statistics (UBOS) released last month gathered gender based violence statistics. A total of 9,232 women age 15-49 and 4,011 men age 15-54 responded to UBOS questions domestic.
According to the report, more than half of women (51%) and men (52%) age 15-49 said they had experienced physical violence. And one in five women (22%) and men (20%) said they experienced physical violence in the 12 months preceding the survey conducted in 2016.
The survey further showed that percentage of women who have experienced physical violence since age 15 declined from 60% in 2006 to 56% in 2011 and 51% in 2016. And the percentage of men who have experienced physical violence since age 15 increased from 53% in 2006 to 56% in 2011 before decreasing to 52% in 2016.
Similarly, the report showed that women's experience of physical violence in the 12 months preceding the survey declined from 34% in 2006 to 27% in 2011 and then to 22% in 2016. But the percentage of men who experienced physical violence in the 12 months preceding the survey has not changed substantially over the past 10 years.
Share on: WhatsApp
The post Gov't to borrow Sh148 billion to fight gender based violence appeared first on The Independent Uganda:.
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from The Independent Uganda:. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Are you now alert to Russian-backed fake news? Better able to defend your computer from hackers in distant lands? More conscious of foreign gangs in your neighborhood or possible foreign terrorists in public spaces? Are you coping with addicts who use heroin smuggled into the United States?
Do you shop for imported goods not made with slave labor? Or rely on energy sources that won't contribute to stronger hurricanes?
Like it or not, as the world gets smaller, more Americans are now on the front lines of their nation's toughest security issues. And like any diplomat, spy, or general, they are becoming more conscious of each new threat and setting priorities to deal with them. Most of all, they are forced to be clear about which values drive their responses.
Welcome to the process of writing the National Security Strategy. In coming days, the Trump White House is expected to release its first version of this formal document. Since 1986, Congress has required every president to define an explicit and grand plan for national security. Over recent months, Trump officials have consulted a range of people from lawmakers to foreign-policy experts to find some consensus and then lay out priorities.
The periodic document is aimed at helping citizens hold their government to account and assuring them that Washington considers their safety paramount. It also provides transparent signals to both allies and adversaries about US goals, thus reducing uncertainty and preventing new threats.
Mr. Trump has the final word on this year's document and, according to his national security adviser, the catchphrase for the White House approach is “principled realism.” It is expected to call for a stronger focus on homeland security and better moves to raise the economic competitiveness of American businesses. And, of course, it will present ways to deal with North Korea, Iran, China, Russia, and terrorist groups.
Yet despite this latest policy setting by government, an increasing share of the task of coping with foreign issues – or solving them – lies with the American public. They are the ones coming to terms with immigrants in the country illegally, such as offering them sanctuary or refusing to deal with them. They are adjusting to industries closed down because a foreign competitor stole the technology for a patented product. They are debating the role of Islam and its followers in American society. Their local election officials are trying to protect vote-counting machines from foreign meddling.
These up-close issues require as much of a moral reckoning for individuals and local communities as does the collective process of producing the National Security Strategy. The global has not only become local but it also requires an awakening to the values at work in dealing with each threat.
Perhaps in the future, presidents will recognize just how deeply issues of national security have become everyday realities. Voting for new leaders, paying taxes, or joining the military is no longer the sum total of public engagement with foreign issues. Security from outside threats now lies closer to everyone's thinking, demanding even more thoughtful responses.
Related stories
Read this story at csmonitor.com
Become a part of the Monitor community
From Trussville Tribune staff reports
TRUSSVILLE — The once wildly popular teen clothing store Rue 21 has confirmed via Twitter it is closing nearly 400 of its physical locations, including the location at the Promenade at Tutwiler Farms.
The retailer recently prepared itself to file bankruptcy on a $1 billion debt.
No set date has been established for the closings.
Here is the list of closings:
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } if(_adsPreview == 1) { $(".mrg-tag").each(function(idx, value) { var el = $(this); var bl = parseInt(el.attr("ntv-loc")); //console.log("bl="+bl); var wrapperElement = this.parentNode; try{ wrapperElement.removeChild(this); } catch(e){} show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); }); } else { (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); } function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
Goalkeeper Bailey Peacock-Farrell made his Northern Ireland debut on Tuesday night, and he owes a debt of gratitude to the non-league strikers that roughed him up last autumn.
Six months after completing a four-game loan spell with National League North side York, Leeds' Peacock-Farrell came on against World Cup-bound Panama for his senior international bow.
The 21-year-old, who ended the campaign as the Whites' number one, admitted his season began in “pretty bleak” fashion, but the opportunity to spend time with the Minstermen in October and November changed everything.
“I enjoyed that thoroughly,” he explained.
“It was certainly an eye-opener and it probably helped me prepare for what was to come later on in the season.
“It's completely different to playing in the (under-)23s. It was good to just get battered about, left exposed.
“You're coming for crosses and you're just getting clattered. To deal with that, you almost realise this can prepare you for any other situation.
“There were a few moments where I would get kneed in the head in a one-on-one or completely wiped out on a cross, a boot to the chest and there was not even a yellow card.
“It was baffling but it's what it is at that level, a lot more goes. You've got to get on with it and toughen up.”
Having been physically prepared for senior football, Peacock-Farrell had to show he could cope mentally too when he made just his second-ever Leeds appearance against eventual champions Wolves on TV at Elland Road in March.
Though the Whites lost 3-0, Peacock-Farrell earned rave reviews and would go on to keep his spot for the remaining 10 fixtures of the campaign.
“There's a huge pressure and expectation from the fans – it's a massive club, huge history,” the young Northern Irish stopper admitted.
“I kind of enjoy that kind of pressure that comes with the shirt, it can make you perform. Getting that first game against Wolves, top of the league, on TV ... you get thrown in at the deep end and you've got to swim sometimes.”
In a parallel universe, Peacock-Farrell might not be in Central America but back home in the north-east of England preparing for university exams like his friends.
A left-winger converted to a keeper when aged 12 at Middlesbrough, he was let go at 16 because, at 5ft 9in, he was deemed “too small”. Peacock-Farrell contemplated life away from the sport, and a career in corporate law or as an accountant, until Leeds picked him up and he grew to his current height of 6ft 4in.
“It was the worst six months to a year – the uncertainty of not knowing if you're going to be a footballer or not,” the goalkeeper added.
“That's at the time when you go into full-time football. Actually planning other avenues of education and things like that, it was a strange one to process as such but I had to have a back-up ready.
“I applied for my sixth form at school and was ready to go in at the start of September but thankfully I got my deal at Leeds done.
“All my mates are still at uni, and the workload they do ... I'm certainly in a much better position!”
Sunderland Ladies begin their Women's FA Cup campaign tomorrow, facing Yorkshire opposition.
Brighouse Town visit Mariners Park, in South Shields, for a 2pm kick-off in the fourth round, as the big guns join the competition.
Brighouse, from the Women's Premier League's Northern Division One, have knocked out Derby and Wolves in the last two rounds
Sunderland head coach Melanie Copeland, whose side sit in seventh place in the Women's Super League 1, said: “The squad is looking forward to starting the FA Cup campaign.
“We had a terrific run in last year's FA Cup, reaching the semi-final.
“We will be working hard to ensure we progress to the next round.”
Sunderland return to league action at Bristol City next Saturday.
In related news, Microsoft has also debuted a new variation of the Surface Book 2 with less storage and a lower price. An entry-level model with 128GB of storage and a 13.5-inch screen, 8GB of RAM and an Intel Core i5 processor costs $1,199. For those keeping track at home, that's $300 cheaper than the previous lowest-cost model, but the discount comes at a price: half the internal storage.
Other prices have dropped as well. A Surface Laptop with an i5 processor, 8GB of RAM and 256GB of storage is $200 cheaper now, in what seems like a temporary sale rather than a permanent price cut.
The pair of these "new" devices likely aren't going to make any waves with power users, but they represent Microsoft's next steps for the Surface line. Specifically, hitting mass adoption. The lower-priced Surface Laptop is perfect for people who just need a computer for email and word processing tasks, while the Surface Book 2 could sway potential MacBook Air and MacBook customers toward Windows.
The company recently posted 2 percent growth in its "Personal Computing" segment, and more moves like this could help drive sales and increase that relatively stagnant number.
Facebook's plans for its React JavaScript library include rewriting the library's internals to improve visual performance and make web apps more like native ones.
The React 16 upgrade will feature Fiber, a new reconciliation algorithm that improves responsiveness. GitHub notes on React written in January say, "Fiber gives us a solid foundation to improve React core in numerous ways.... We intend to ship it with React 16 by default."
[ Use JavaScript in your dev shop? InfoWorld looks at 17 JavaScript editors and IDEs and 22 JavaScript frameworks ready for adoption. | Keep up with hot topics in programming with InfoWorld's App Dev Report newsletter. ]
A presentation on Fiber given last fall by Facebook React core team member Andrew Clark stressed the intention to use Fiber to bring web apps closer to native mobile app performance.
React 16 will exclude some APIs whose usage is not recommended, such as helpers for React.createClass and React.Dom, from the default build in order to reduce bundle size. They will still be available as separate packages if developers want them. To have greater control over bundles for better optimization, React builders have been considering a switch to flat bundles and removing access to React internals in react/lib/* and react-dom/lib/*. "This will also mean faster compile times by default for users of Webpack and other bundlers, and faster server-side rendering performance," the notes state.
In the meantime, Facebook has released React 15.5.0, with new deprecation warnings. React.PropTypes and React.createClass have been extracted into their own packages. Both remain accessible via the main React object, but using either will log a one-time deprecation warning to the console when in development mode.
Also, React addons packages support, covering such packages as react-addons-create-fragment, is being discontinued. "In truth, most of these packages haven't been actively maintained in a long time," said Clark. "They will continue to work indefinitely, but we recommend migrating away as soon as you can to prevent future breakages."
React 15.5.0 also migrates from React.PropTypes, which provide for runtime validation of props while in development. "We've extracted the built-in prop types to a separate package to reflect the fact that not everybody uses them," Clark said. Migration from React.createClass is featured as well.
Minister of Public Safety Gilad Erdan has responded to the arrest of Sheikh Raed Salah on suspicion of incitement by saying, "Instigator Raed Salah led a movement that was outlawed because of its extremist ideology that caused acts of murder and terror. It was not for nothing that I advanced the bringing of his movement outside of the law."
Erdan continued, "Salah expressed himself in a way that encourages extremism and understanding of low-down violence and acts of murder, and therefore constitutes a danger to the public. I hope that this time he will be brought to justice and be sent for an extended time behind bars."
The Bohannons are ready to drop a new album
There's plenty going on musically in the upcoming days, but one of the most genuinely exciting events is that Chattanooga musical demigods The Bohannons are releasing a brand-new album this Friday evening at 9 p.m. at J.J.'s Bohemia.
No need to sing the praises of this iconic Chattanooga band, their reputation is well known, so all there is to say is hey, here's a thing nobody will want to miss.
On the other hand, if you find yourself further up the road that evening, Dumpy's up on the Ocoee is presenting an absolute powerhouse show featuring The Ryan Oyer Band, Webb Barringer and Ashley and the X's. Any one of those three would make for a fantastic evening, the lot of them together is as good as it gets.
As a final note, the Chattanooga Girl's Rock Camp is in the midst of an ongoing “loaner gear” drive. Now in its second year, the group that empowers young girls by offering a crash course in song writing and musical performance in a week-long summer camp format needs gear.
Instruments, sound reinforcement, and basically anything related to music is in short supply and your contribution, temporary or permanent, will go a long way towards the musical education of some wonderful kids.
If you want to help, email chattanoogagirlsrock@gmail.com with the subject line “Gear Drive” for more information or to volunteer. Trust me, it's worth it.
Dear Friends,
Please join me in remembering George Miller.
Tragically, he died far too early, in 2009, at the age of just 54. Like me, you will remember him as a gifted and relentless campaigner against the Soviet Union – someone whose tireless work helped to bring about the fall of communism in Russia. He deserves a fitting memorial, which is why I'm writing to ask for your help today.
George is buried in the grounds of St Edmund's Orthodox Monastery in Brookwood Cemetery, Surrey. It's a beautiful spot but his grave is marked only by a thin wooden cross that will not last forever. I'm hoping that with your help, we can raise the funds for a more fitting and permanent tribute to this great man.
Some of us worked with George, mentored and helped him in his jobs and campaigns. For others it was friendship with George that led them into activism and what some look back on as the bravest deeds of their lives. Many are proud of the small roles he gave them that helped towards the collapse of the USSR. The peaceful dissolution of the Soviet regime was the greatest single advance of mankind since the Second World War and freed hundreds of millions of people from spiritually and materially impoverished lives.
His achievements aside, he was a dear friend. Like me, you may recall the warm, kind and charming man with twinkling eyes whose charisma attracted so many to the cause.
The monastery and George's family have given their permission for a headstone to be placed over his resting place. We have looked for the most affordable options and we envisage nothing extravagant, simply an ordinary stone that will commemorate his campaigning life and mention that it was raised by his friends and admirers – something that will preserve his memory and stand the test of time.
Throughout his work George received unstinting support from his dedicated and devoted mother Kira. She is buried by his side and our aim would be to commemorate her too.
I hope this is something that we would all want to see. Of course, it can only happen if enough of us chip in. We have set-up a JustGiving webpage where donations can be made online.
Once the memorial is in place, we will host a brief ceremony for subscribers so you can view it and hopefully see some old friends at the same time.
I know we all have many calls on our resources, but if you feel George deserves at least this, please do join me in supporting this appeal generously. As those of us who knew him well are relatively few, every extra pound counts and what you give really could be the difference between success or failure.
Thank you in advance for your help – it's very much appreciated and I look forward to seeing you when the new memorial is in place.
Kind regards,
Rt Hon Julian Lewis MP
Also writing on behalf of Nigel Linacre, Richard Thoburn and Russell Walters.
Donate online via JustGiving
Obituaries: Telegraph, Guardian, Independent
CBS 2Watch CBS2 News, CBS This Morning, Dr. Phil, Judge Judy, 60 Minutes, NFL football, and your favorite CBS shows. Latest Videos Eye On New York Dining Deals Tony's Table Links & Numbers Station Info & Closed Captioning CBS 2 2016-2017 EEO Report Explore CBS 2 Jobs and Internships Connect with us on Facebook and Twitter […]
WCBS 880WCBS Newsradio 880 is one of the tri-state's most trusted sources for news and information. As a market leading news resource since 1967, WCBS reaches millions of listeners each week and boasts one of the largest, most experienced local news teams on the radio in America. Follow @WCBS880 WCBS helps listeners stay ahead of the […]
1010 WINS1010 WINS invented all news radio and is the longest-running all news station in the country. For 50 years, 1010 WINS has been a news and information utility for the New York metropolitan area. Famous around the world for its slogan, “YOU GIVE US 22 MINUTES, WE'LL GIVE YOU THE WORLD,” no other radio station […]
WFANAs the world's first 24-hour all-sports radio station, WFAN remains the premier sports talk radio station in the business. Since its debut on July 1, 1987, dozens of stations have copied the all sports format, but none have achieved the success and the popularity of the FAN. WFAN is the flagship station of four Tri-State […]
WLNYProgram Schedule Channel Guide WLNY TV 10/55 is part of the CBS Television Stations group, a division of CBS Corp. and one of the largest network-owned station groups in the country. Got a nose for news? E-mail us your newstips! Our offices & studios are located at 524 W. 57th St., New York, NY 10019. […]
WASHINGTON – Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland released Canada's list of key demands Monday for a new North American Free Trade Agreement as talks get set to begin in Washington later this week.
Freeland's list, which is much shorter than the U.S. wish list of more than 100 items, includes:
• A new chapter on labour standards. The original NAFTA included a labour section as an addendum, inserted into the agreement after Bill Clinton was elected and insisted on a few changes. Some officials in Canada and Mexico have identified a goal of tougher labour rules: Increasing Mexican wages, to make auto plants in the other countries more affordable.
• A new chapter on environmental standards. This was also added as an afterthought to the original NAFTA, placed there after Clinton's election. Freeland says she wants a chapter that ensures no country can weaken environmental protection to attract investment. She also says it should support efforts against climate change.
• A new chapter on gender rights.
• A new chapter on Indigenous rights.
• Reforms to the investor-state dispute settlement process. Specifically, Freeland referred to Chapter 11 – which involves companies suing governments. She said she wants reforms so that “governments have an unassailable right to regulate in the public interest.” This is not to be confused with Chapter 19, which regulates disputes between companies over dumping, in cases like softwood lumber, and which the U.S. administration might seek to eliminate.
• Expand procurement. For years, Canada has wanted to kill Buy American rules for construction projects at the state and local level. It could be a tough sell. U.S. lawmakers are demanding even more Buy American rules, which is something President Donald Trump campaigned on. Freeland said: “Local-content provisions for major government contracts are political junk food: superficially appetizing, but unhealthy in the long run.”
• Freer movement of professionals. NAFTA includes a list of professions where people can easily get a visa to work across the border. It's an old list º it mentions land surveyors and range conservationists, but not computer programmers. International companies want this list expanded to make it easier for employees to move between offices.
• Protect Canada's supply-management system for dairy and poultry. Canada does not have free trade in these areas, and regulates imports and prices.
• Protect cultural exemptions. Canada insisted on protections for cultural industries, like publishing and broadcasting. The U.S.'s annual report on international trade barriers lists this as an irritant.
• Maintaining a process to regulate anti-dumping and countervailing disputes, like the one over softwood lumber. Freeland noted that Canada briefly walked out of the original talks in 1987, as this was a deal-breaker. The U.S. says it now wants to get rid of the resulting Chapter 19. Some observers say it might simply be modified.
MORE ABOUT NAFTA:
AMES, Iowa — Iowa State has added Colorado State transfer Prentiss Nixon, a 6-foot-2 guard who averaged a team-high 16.2 points per game as a junior last season for the Rams.
Nixon also hit 152 3-pointers in three seasons at Colorado State. He will sit out next season and be eligible to play in 2019-2020, coach Steve Prohm said Tuesday.
The addition of Nixon, even if only for one season, would help bolster the Cyclones in the event that star point guard Lindell Wigginton bolts for the NBA. Wigginton is unlikely to be drafted this spring, but that could change if he builds on an impressive freshman campaign.
Former Virginia guard-forward Marial Shayok will also sit next season at Iowa State under NCAA transfer rules.
By David Codrea
“Which is better—to be ruled by one tyrant three thousand miles away or by three thousand tyrants one mile away?”—Mather Byles
That quote, from a Boston clergyman on the wrong side of the Revolution was popularized by Mel Gibson's character in The Patriot while he was still struggling with his doubts about taking up arms. It raised a point valid then and now, when we can see those fears were actually understated, considering all the federal, state and local functionaries and enforcers with the power to ruin our lives if we cross one of their arbitrary lines.
King George III with his “swarms of officers sent hither” was a greenhorn by comparison.
A protection supposedly offered by the Supremacy Clause mandates: “This Constitution, and the Laws of the United States which shall be made in Pursuance thereof; and all Treaties made, or which shall be made, under the Authority of the United States, shall be the supreme Law of the Land; and the Judges in every State shall be bound thereby, any Thing in the Constitution or Laws of any State to the Contrary notwithstanding.”
More protections were again supposedly guaranteed in the Bill of Rights, but that was not “settled” for the right to keep and bear arms until recently. It took the 2010 decision in McDonald v. Chicago for a slim Supreme Court majority to affirm Second Amendment protections are “incorporated” to the states. That's despite an earlier ruling from another case.
“It would give to persons of the Negro race … the right to enter every other State whenever they pleased … and to keep and carry arms wherever they went,” Chief Justice Roger Taney admitted in the notorious 1857 Dred Scott decision as a reason to disavow citizenship for descendants of African slaves.
“No clause in the Constitution could by any rule of construction be conceived to give the Congress a power to disarm the people,” William Rawle had written decades earlier in his 1829 “View of the Constitution,” a standard text at leading universities including Harvard and Dartmouth. “Such a flagitious attempt could only be made under a general pretence by a state legislature. But if in any pursuit of an inordinate power either should attempt it, this amendment may be appealed to as a restraint on both.”
Gun-grabbers don't tell you about that when they complain that an individual rights interpretation is a recent invention of the “gun lobby,” do they? But then, they're also the ones who accuse gun rights advocates of ignoring the “well regulated militia” clause of the Second Amendment, and then try to ban the very arms to which “We the People” are entitled (see “Weapons of War” in the April 2018 “Rights Watch.”)
Thwarted at the federal level from banning such firearms, at least for the time being thanks to a Republican-controlled House, Senate and Presidency, the citizen disarmament elites have turned their attention to the states, where “progressive” politicians secure in their seats feel free to offer their own nudges down Nancy Pelosi's “slippery slope.” Thus we have bans on semi-automatic firearms and standard capacity magazines, bans on concealed and open carry, bans on private sales, ammunition controls, and a never-ending succession of whatever idiot idea some opportunistic political grandstander thinks can get media praise for “doing something about gun violence.”
“Advocates of stricter restrictions on gun ownership believe they can notch new wins in state legislatures across the country this year, after Republicans in some states signaled they would be willing to break with the National Rifle Association (NRA) to support some new rules,” The Hill reported in January. “Advocates pointed to Massachusetts and New Jersey, the first two states to ban so-called bump stocks … both bills were passed by Democratic legislatures and signed by Republican governors.”
Noting we're talking Massachusetts and New Jersey, you can almost hear Bill Clinton insisting, “It depends upon what the meaning of the word ‘Republican' is.” Charlie Baker is a pure East Coast establishment insider who “supports tougher gun laws.” And Chris Christie has since been replaced by Democrat Phil Murphy, who campaigned on a claim that “the gun violence epidemic is nothing short of a public health crisis.”
It's heartbreaking to see states that held such important roles in securing independence embrace disarmament, especially considering the Battle of Trenton, and even more so, the earlier Battles of Lexington and Concord. Compare Major John Pitcairn's demand to “Throw down your arms, ye villains, ye Rebels, Disperse!” with a letter sent out dictating terms of surrender on the “bump stock” ban:
“Effective 90 days from the enactment of the bill—February 1, 2018—the new law will also prohibit possession of bump stocks or trigger cranks, including possession in a private home. There are no exceptions to this prohibition … Retention of such a prohibited item beyond the 90 day grace period will expose the owner to criminal prosecution.”
“States are really taking the lead on banning these weapons in the face of congressional inaction,” Robin Lloyd, director of government affairs at the Giffords Law Center to Prevent Gun Violence crowed. And the states don't stop there.
“Legislators in several states have also advanced measures that would prohibit those who pose a risk to themselves or others from possessing a firearm,” The Hill report continues. Under the scary term “extreme risk protection orders,” citizens are having fundamental rights denied, with “due process” often requiring nothing more than the ruling of an anti-gun judge, or input from an anti-gun panel of political appointees.
In addition to “family members,” California, Washington and Oregon allow “law enforcement” to petition for prohibitions. And not satisfied with that (they never are), Michael Bloomberg's Everytown is now pushing for something they call the “boyfriend loophole,” where presumably someone who let the wrong “date” cross his threshold could find himself facing allegations from a jilted “ex.”
Hell hath no fury, and this time, the woman scorned could have uniformed backup. Good luck clearing your name, assuming you have the wherewithal to endure an expensive ordeal that could take years.
And it's not just the states. Cities have their own demands. Those bound by “preemption” chafe at being unable to legally pass restrictions of their own, sometimes doing so anyway until a court reluctantly says “No.” Such “patchwork quilts” can make it impossible for gun owners to navigate between jurisdictions, and that's the intent: to dissuade citizens from exercising their right.
“I know that what works in Chicago may not work in Cheyenne,” Barack Obama postured back in 2008 when attempting to appear “reasonable” about citizen disarmament. What works in Chicago was left unsaid, but he was making the fraudulent case that states and local jurisdictions have the power to negate unalienable rights based on the tyranny of a regional Democrat majority. It's the old “home rule” argument that only seems to work one way.
Around 30 years ago I recall reading estimates that nationwide, factoring for federal, state and local edicts and overlaps, there were “20,000 gun laws on the books.” How accurate that was, and how much it's grown in the intervening decades is unclear. But there's one supreme Law that's perfectly clear, and thus disparaged and ignored by thousands of tyrants near and far:
“…the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be infringed.”
Read More Rights Watch Articles
TORONTO — Ontario's fiscal watchdog says the Liberal government will run a deficit this fiscal year, despite claims it has balanced the budget.
In a new report Monday, the Financial Accountability Office said the Liberals will run a $4 billion deficit in 2017-2018, and will continue to be in the red over the next few years.
More moderate growth in revenues and the increasing fiscal impact of the province's Fair Hydro Plan, which cuts electricity rates by 25 per cent, will take their toll on Ontario's books the report notes. It also says a long-simmering accounting dispute between the Liberal government and Auditor General Bonnie Lysyk over how to count two public sector pension plans on the ledger is contributing to uncertainty.
“We've been very consistent that because of a number of factors we think the deficit will re-emerge,” said FAO chief economist David West. “Now, with this accounting debate it will become more significant.”
The Liberals presented a balanced budget in the spring, a year ahead of the provincial election, and have promised to keep the books in balance through the next couple of years.The FAO, however, projects the government's budget deficit will grow to $9.8 billion in 2021-2022.
“The government is out borrowing this money,” West said. “This current year they're going to borrow $23 billion in the markets. That's going to rise to $45 billion in the coming years.”
The FAO also said the government's new hydro plan will add $3.2 billion to the budget deficit by 2021-2022.
Last year Lysyk questioned the province's decision to include a pair of public pensions — the Ontario Public Service Employee's Union Pension Plan and the Ontario Teacher's Pension Plan — as assets on its balance sheet.
The FAO said in its report that since the government has not adopted the auditor's recommended accounting for both the pension assets, and with the addition of the Fair Hydro Plan, it is becoming more difficult for legislators and the public to assess the government's fiscal projections.
A stalker who plagued his ex before assaulting her has been given 120 hours' unpaid work and must pay £500 compensation.
Chesterfield magistrates' court recently heard how Andrew George Ellis, 45, pushed a gate into his ex injuring her head at her home on Shirland Street, Chesterfield.
Emma Price, prosecuting, said he had been causing distress by constant phoning and turning up uninvited. Ellis turned up on July 10 and the complainant held onto the gate and he pushed it open and it hit her, according to Mrs Price.
The defendant said he had not hurt her on purpose and he had not realised she had been behind the gate. He apologised and accepts the relationship is over.
Ellis, of Batemoor Road, Sheffield, pleaded guilty to stalking and committing assault by beating. He was given a 12 month community order on August 2 with a 12 week curfew and unpaid work with a three-year restraining order. He must pay an £85 victim surcharge and £85 costs.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Trump says North Korea wants meeting 'as soon as possible,' praises Kim Jong-un as 'very open' and 'very honorable'
НТВ в социальных сетях twitter
facebook
google
vk
odnoklassniki
instagram
telegram
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
CLEVELAND — The Indians are working on a treatment plan for All-Star reliever Andrew Miller's sore right knee.
Miller, on the disabled list for the second time this season, visited a specialist on Tuesday in New York. Manager Terry Francona said Wednesday he intends to meet with Miller, the team's medical staff and president Chris Antonetti to "map out what we want to do."
Francona anticipates the team releasing more information Thursday, when the club opens a four-game series in Minnesota.
Antonetti says that surgery is not currently an option.
That might sound a bit overzealous, but it's written with honesty. There's a stigma attached to Sonic the Hedgehog games; a pattern of expectation and disappointment that's become so ingrained in the series' community that it's known as the "Sonic Cycle." The cycle is mostly an old joke, but there's a grain of truth to it: Sonic games are typically announced with a lot of fanfare but often fall flat after launchh. Whitehead's modernized remakes, however, are rare exceptions -- and Sonic Mania builds on everything that makes those ports great.
Sonic Mania works for the same reason Whitehead's updated Sonic the Hedgehog ports work: It understands and accurately re-creates the delicate balance of speed, acceleration and momentum that defined the series' early games. In Mania, Sonic, Knuckles and Tails jump, run, dash and move exactly as they did in Sega's classic platformers. Sonic Mania feels right in a way that a mainline Sonic game hasn't since 1994.
Again, that's no surprise, considering it was created by a team that made a name for itself in modernizing Sonic's original adventures -- but this faithful re-creation of the original game's physics serves as a foundation for an experience that both celebrates and adds to the history of the franchise's classic games.
Mania overlays that excellent base gameplay with gorgeous sprite work that outstretches the limitations of its 16-bit inspiration. It's still nostalgically pixelated, but the game uses a much broader palette of color, lending the game's characters, backgrounds and power-ups subtly detailed highlights.
That's the crux of the Sonic Mania experience -- a careful merging of the old and the new. On a visceral level, it looks and feels like a classic Sonic the Hedgehog game, but it delivers an experience that's just beyond your nostalgic expectations. Here's a familiar-looking hero but with smooth, nuanced animation that lends his character more charm than you expected. Here's the gameplay you loved in the '90s but with new abilities and gimmicks to keep it fresh. Even the game's levels adhere to this philosophy: Most of Sonic Mania's stages are throwbacks to older games, but all of them are more than what they seem.
Take the game's first level -- after a brief story sequence seemingly throws Sonic back in time, Sonic Mania starts out just like the franchise's very first game: in Green Hill Zone. The first half of the level looks like a dead ringer for mascot's first adventure, but as you play on, it becomes obvious that it's different. The zone now has new divergent paths that climb into the sky or go deep underground, and the entire stage is bigger, longer and more complicated. Instead of a simple goal post at the end of the level, there's a new mini-boss to defeat.
The difficulty curve of classic gaming is alive and well in Sonic Mania, too. Losing all your lives can be punishing -- fail to beat a boss at the end of a two-level zone, for instance, and you'll have to play through both levels again before taking on the stage's big baddie. The game gives you unlimited continues, but it can be frustrating to be set back two levels when you're trying to figure out how to beat the game's last epic boss fight.
This clever mix of old and new elements makes Sonic Mania a new adventure in familiar trappings. Classic levels are draped in nostalgia -- but after the first half of each, the retro stages tend to expand into almost completely new levels. The first act of Chemical Plant Zone might build upon the design offered in Sonic the Hedgehog 2, but act two mixes things up by introducing new obstacles and challenges. These remixed classic stages set the tone for the game's all-original levels: By the time the player reaches Studiopolis, everything just feels natural.
The game offers tons of variety, too. New sphere-collecting challenges in the style of Sonic 3 can be accessed at every checkpoint, and Mania's new Chaos Emerald special stage plays like a mash-up of F-Zero, Super Mario Kart and a bonus level from Sonic the Hedgehog 2. If you need a break from the game's core platforming, there are plenty of options.
On its own, classic Sonic physics and good level design would be enough to make Sonic Mania good, but what makes it special is the reverence for all things Hedgehog. Throughout Mania, you'll find nods to the series' legacy. You might stumble across a reference to the Game Gear's Triple Trouble or a sly nod to Sonic the Fighters. The game even pays tribute to Dr. Robotnik's Mean Bean Machine, a bizarre Sonic the Hedgehog-themed port of Puyo Puyo.
It's a fantastic classic Sonic experience, but the game does have some rough edges. At one point, I was told that I'd unlocked the Super Peel Out dash from Sonic CD and the Insta-Shield from Sonic 3 & Knuckles -- but I could never figure out how to use either move in-game. There's no clear list in the game's menu to see what you unlocked, either. I was also a bit let down by the game's visual filter settings. The default "clean" mode looks fine, but after seeing the more robust color-bleeding effects of the CRT modes in The Disney Afternoon Collection and the NES Classic Edition, simple scanline filters just aren't that impressive anymore. Maybe I'm spoiled.
If you haven't played a Sonic the Hedgehog game since 1994, Sonic Mania is exactly the game you've been waiting for. Everything about it feels like a natural extension of what Sonic was in the 16-bit era. It's a nostalgia cash-in, sure -- but that's just the bait to reel you in. The hook to Sonic Mania isn't its retro style, it's the game's excellent level design, catchy music and addictive platforming.
Less than a month after hosting MLS Cup, BMO Field saw another big event on New Year's Day -- the Centennial Classic, an NHL game between the Toronto Maple Leafs and the Detroit Red Wings. For the game, which celebrated 100 years of the NHL, Toronto FC's home stadium, BMO Field, got a temporary ice rink.
Check out some photos of how the venue looked in its hockey set-up.
The Maple Leafs, who are also owned by TFC's owners, won the game, 5-4, thanks to Auston Matthews's overtime winner.
Watch BMO Field get an ice rink in 30 seconds ahead of the #NHL100 #CentennialClassic https://t.co/Iv1b8HDtjq pic.twitter.com/YeBlmqfC4V — TorontoStar (@TorontoStar) December 28, 2016
PHOTO OF THE DAY: @ColinDMello snapped this photo at the Centennial Classic alumni hockey game at BMO Field on Saturday. pic.twitter.com/vYaWElR7fP — CTV Toronto (@CTVToronto) December 31, 2016
You wouldn't expect a 73-year-old to be on the crime beat, but Maximino Rodriguez Palacios couldn't help himself, says Cuauhtemoc Morgan, editor of the Baja California news blog Colectivo Pericu.
"It was totally by chance," he tells NPR. "In November 2014, Max called me about a shooting near his home in La Paz. And then he sent me a story and photos about what happened. From that moment, he was our crime reporter."
Rodriguez's passion to cover crime led to his death. Gunned down Friday as he pulled up in front of a supermarket, he became the fourth journalist murdered in Mexico in just six weeks. The country continues to be one of the deadliest places in the world to report the news.
For decades, Rodriguez had worked in journalism and in public relations for the state government. He came out of retirement to take up the crime beat for Colectivo Pericu, and in the following years his work became increasingly important. His home state, Baja California Sur, has become one of Mexico's most violent in recent months as drug cartels fought over the territory. In January 2017 the state recorded its most murders ever in a single month.
Through this, Rodriguez built up a following. A Facebook Live video from April 5 got more than 15,000 views. In it, he runs up to the police tape around a crime scene and, winded, tells his audience that the subject is dead. The victim would turn out to be a plainclothes police officer.
Several police officers had been murdered in recent months, and Rodriguez chased the story. In the last column he wrote for Colectivo Pericu, he cited anonymous sources to identify the leader of a local cartel as the mastermind. But this turned deadly.
"Our comments sections [on the blog] are open, so it has become routine for us to receive threats there," says Morgan.
Rodriguez's final column had five comments on it. Four were threats. Among expletives, one comment ominously reads, "You're lighting the candles for your own funeral, Max."
Three days later, Rodriguez was dead. His bullet-riddled car was the exact kind of crime scene he would have run to cover, camera phone in hand.
On Sunday night, the state attorney general's office said that ballistics tests showed that the firearm used against Rodriguez was the same one used in the killing of the police officer that Rodriguez had covered a week earlier. The investigation points toward Rodriguez being targeted for his work.
Since President Enrique Peña Nieto was elected in 2012, 31 journalists have been murdered in Mexico. Dozens more have been threatened or attacked. Reporters under threat have become hardened to this reality.
"When I hear of another murder, I just think 'who's next?' " says Noe Zavaleta, a reporter in Veracruz state. "It sounds crude to say, but it's the way I have to think about it now."
Zavaleta knows the danger of reporting well, as 20 journalists have been murdered in his home state since 2010. He began writing for the investigative magazine Proceso after his predecessor, Regina Martinez, was strangled to death in her home. One of his best friends and colleagues, photojournalist Ruben Espinoza, was murdered in Mexico City after seeking refuge there. But Zavaleta is back in Veracruz after briefly fleeing to Mexico City for his safety.
"Things haven't changed — if anything, it's gotten worse," he says. "But this is what I know how to do, and I refuse to leave because of intimidation. Maybe it's pride or my ego, but I won't leave."
The Mexican government recently has beefed up protection measures for journalists, as well as a specialized unit that investigates these types of crimes. But journalists don't just need protection from organized crime.
"[These protections] feel imaginary, because I have filed complaints about threats I have received from government authorities and their cronies," says Zavaleta. "I don't expect them to go anywhere, but I file them anyway so that other journalists can document what has happened to me."
The systems to protect reporters aren't working in practice, says Carlos Lauria, the Americas director for the Committee to Protect Journalists.
"Unfortunately, these bodies and mechanisms have clearly been insufficient to fight the violence and solve crimes against the press," says Lauria. "Impunity is still pervasive. Even in the cases where progress has been made, masterminds are still free and justice is losing."
By CPJ's estimate, 87 percent of the murders committed against journalists in Mexico since 1990 either have not been investigated or have no arrests.
But the journalists themselves aren't the only victims of press violence, says Lauria: With many reporters too scared to cover news that could anger criminals or corrupt politicians, the public often doesn't get to see the most important stories.
In Baja California Sur, it's unclear if reporters will be silenced by Max's death. Cuauhtemoc Morgan says he's talked to some journalists who want to get off the crime beat after the murder. But not everyone will stay quiet.
"My wife [the co-editor of Colectivo Pericu] and I are reflecting on what to do," he says. "But right now, we don't plan to stop reporting on this type of news."
On Monday, Colectivo Pericu kept publishing, like it was just another day.
Copyright 2017 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/.
ROBERT SIEGEL, HOST:
In the last six weeks, four reporters have been murdered in Mexico. The latest victim was Maximino Rodriguez. He was gunned down in his car on Friday afternoon in La Paz, near the southern tip of the Baja California peninsula. As James Fredrick reports, Mexico continues to be one of the world's deadliest places to report the news.
JAMES FREDRICK, BYLINE: At 73 years old, Max Rodriguez wasn't the kind of person you'd expect to be on the police beat. But he couldn't help himself, says Cuauhtemoc Morgan, the co-founder of Colectivo Pericu, the blog where Max worked. I catch him on his cell as he's driving to a memorial for Max.
CUAUHTEMOC MORGAN: (Speaking Spanish).
FREDRICK: "It was totally by chance," he said. "In November 2014, Max called me about a shooting near his home in La Paz. And then he sent me a story and photos about what happened. From that moment, he was our crime reporter." After decades as a reporter and government spokesman, Max Rodriguez came out of retirement to cover crime. He didn't know at the time how important the work would become.
Murders have recently spiked in his state as a feud broke out between drug cartels. January of this year set a record for the most murders there ever. A week before his death, Max posted this Facebook Live video which got 15,000 views.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
MAXIMINO RODRIGUEZ: (Speaking Spanish).
FREDRICK: He's running up to a crime scene outside a local prison. A man had been shot and would turn out to be a plainclothes police officer. But this type of reporting put Max at risk for exposing crimes and sometimes the criminals behind them.
MORGAN: (Speaking Spanish).
FREDRICK: "Our outlet promotes freedom of expression," says Morgan. "Our comments sections are open, so it's become routine for us to receive threats there." Last week, Max wrote about a string of murdered police officers and named the head of a local gang as the mastermind. There are five comments on the story. One ominously reads you're lighting the candles for your own funeral, Max.
Three days later, Rodriguez were shot to death as he pulled up in front of a supermarket. It was the exact kind of crime he would have run to cover, camera phone in hand.
On Sunday night, the state government said that the same weapon was used in the murder of Max and the police officer Max had reported on the week before, meaning he was likely targeted for his work. Max's death on Friday is the latest in a long list of murdered reporters throughout Mexico. Three others were murdered in March alone.
NOE ZAVALETA: (Speaking Spanish).
FREDRICK: Noe Zavaleta knows the risks journalists face as well as anyone. His predecessor at investigative magazine Proceso was strangled to death in her home. And a photojournalist he often worked with was killed after fleeing to Mexico City.
ZAVALETA: (Speaking Spanish).
FREDRICK: "We journalists face real threats," says Zavaleta. "Organized crime, that's obvious. Another is the state that tries to oppress our voices. And the third are corrupt media outlets that work with the first two to try to smear journalists who become victims." Murdered journalists have become so common as to harden Zavaleta's reaction to another death.
ZAVALETA: (Speaking Spanish).
FREDRICK: "When I hear of another murder, I just think who's next? It sounds crude to say but it's the way I have to think about it now." Now with this climate of fear and intimidation all over Mexico, the most important stories often can't be covered. Cuahtemoc Morgan says some of the reporters in his state want to get off the crime beat after Max's murder.
MORGAN: (Speaking Spanish).
FREDRICK: "My wife and I are reflecting on what to do," he says, "but right now, we don't plan to stop reporting this type of news." For NPR News, I'm James Fredrick in Mexico City.
(SOUNDBITE OF MUSIC) Transcript provided by NPR, Copyright NPR.
Golden Platter Foods Inc., Newark, N.J., is recalling approximately 31,662 pounds of poultry and beef products due to misbranding and undeclared allergens. The products contain milk, a known allergen, which is not declared on the products labels.
The ready-to-eat turkey, chicken, veal, and beef items were produced on various dates between March 16, 2017 and June 7, 2017. The following products are subject to recall:
24-lb bulk cases containing 3-lb. plastic liner retail bags of “Western Beef Fully Cooked CHICKEN TENDERS,” with case code 04952.
24-lb bulk cases containing 3-lb. plastic liner retail bags of “Western Beef Fully Cooked Chicken Patties,” with case code 04951.
10-lb bulk cases of “Golden Platter Fully Cooked CHICKEN PATTIES Breaded Nugget Shaped Patties,” with case code 21017.
24-lb bulk cases containing 3-lb. retail bags of “Western Beef Fully Cooked CHICKEN NUGGETS,” with case code 04950.
20-lb bulk cases of “Golden Platter HALAL Fully Cooked BEEF MEAT BALLS,” with case code 12012.
10-lb bulk cases of “Golden Platter HALAL Fully Cooked CHICKEN NUGGETS Breaded Nugget Shaped Patties,” with case code 21020H.
10-lb bulk cases of “Golden Platter Fully Cooked Breakfast Style Turkey Patties,” with case code 18610.
10-lb bulk cases of “Golden Platter HALAL Fully Cooked Breaded BEEF PATTIES,” with case code 11001.
The products subject to recall bear establishment number “EST. 8813” inside the USDA mark of inspection. These items were shipped to retail and institutional locations in Massachusetts, New Jersey, New York, and Pennsylvania.
The problem was discovered on June 6, 2017, when the company received notification from an ingredient supplier that the batter and cracker meal the company received and used in the recalled products potentially contained undeclared milk.
LAKELAND, Fla. — A Florida man is suing his friend for misleading him about the value of his $1 million lottery ticket, and for pocketing the proceeds after helping him cash it in.
The Lakeland Ledger (http://bit.ly/2ssuIs8) reported 45-year-old John Rhoades asked his 28-year-old friend Tyler Scott for help after realizing the scratch-off ticket he bought in April was a winner. Rhoades said he didn't know how much the ticket was worth or how to cash it in.
The lawsuit said Scott told Rhoades it was worth $100,000. Attorneys for Scott said he gave Rhoades the money to buy the ticket, and that Scott scratched the ticket and won, later giving his friend $64,000.
ADVERTISEMENT
A judge issued an order freezing both men's bank accounts until ownership of the winning ticket can be determined.
ATLANTIC CITY, N.J. (AP) — Atlantic City's casinos saw gambling revenue increase 4.3 percent in May compared to a year ago, to more than $229 million.
And if the now-shuttered Trump Taj Mahal were removed from the equation, the seven surviving casinos would have posted a 12-percent increase last month.
Figures released Wednesday by the New Jersey Division of Gaming Enforcement also show the continued steady rise of internet gambling revenue in the largest online market in the country. Online gambling revenue was up more than 27 percent in May.
Only Bally's saw a revenue decrease in May, and it was a minuscule decline.
Through the first five months of this 2017, Atlantic City's casinos have won $1.07 billion. That's an increase of 3.9 percent compared to the same period last year.
NEW YORK (AP) — Stocks that moved substantially or traded heavily Wednesday:
Biogen Inc., down 8.05 to $253.37
The drugmaker's chief financial officer is leaving to take the same role at Alexion Pharmaceuticals.
H&R Block Inc., up $2.14 to $29.13
The tax preparer had a stronger fourth quarter than analysts expected.
Southern Co., up 16 cents to $51.22
High-dividend stocks including utilities and real estate investment trusts climbed Wednesday as bond yields fell.
GameStop Corp., down 35 cents to $21.63
The Commerce Department said retail sales fell in May as people spent less at electronics retailers and department stores.
Citizens Financial Group Inc., down 30 cents to $36.58
Banks fell in tandem with bond yields, which sends interest rates on loans lower.
Brookdale Senior Living Inc., up $1.17 to $15.24
Reuters said the senior housing company may be in talks with Zhongzhong Zhuoe Group about a potential sale.
Synchronoss Technologies Inc., down 87 cents to $11.26
The mobile services company will restate two years of results because of errors in the way it recognized revenue.
Anadarko Petroleum Corp., down $1.94 to $47.28
Energy companies tumbled along with oil prices Wednesday as U.S. crude prices dropped.
KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia (AP) — Malaysian police say a Vietnamese woman has been arrested in the death of North Korean leader's half brother.
Unlike the Martian desert in the original Destiny, Helles Basin is an arctic region where players will fight the frozen Hive faction Grasp of Nokris on the way to confront Rasputin, the rogue Warmind. The region will host a new horde-like public event called Escalation Protocol where groups of Guardians face seven waves of Hive capped by a unique boss -- one of five that will rotate every week. The elite foe drops custom gear so folks will have to wait over a month to collect them all; Since players activate the event, at least it won't be random.
PvP is getting two ranked modes, one for casual (Valor) and competitive (Glory), though the latter will move players up and down the rank ladder as they win and lose games. Every season will introduce a new gun exclusive to PvP for players to earn.
Fans already knew that tweaks were coming for their favorite exotic guns, including Sturm/Drang, Graviton Lance, Skyburner's Oath and Rat King, but the stream also showed off changes to Fighting Lion, Riskrunner, Crimson and the infamous Hard Light.
There will be two new strikes, Strange Terrain and Will of the Thousands, and one coming exclusively for PS4 players: The Insight Terminus. The Leviathan raid will get a second lair called Spire of the Stars, which will arrive after Warmind launches. Finally, the prestige version of Curse of Osiris' raid, Eater of Worlds, will arrive when the game's third season starts.
Police: death toll rises to 12 in London blaze
The death toll in the blaze that engulfed a residential tower in west London early on Wednesday has risen to 12 and “will rise further,” Metropolitan Police Commander Stuart Cundy said.
Emergency services are continuing a “long and complex operation'' in the building, and the “incredibly challenging'' task of confirming how many people are missing.
“It is very, very challenging to put a number on those unaccounted for,'' Cundy told reporters.
More than 200 firefighters battled the inferno, which officials called an “unprecedented incident.”
Smoke billows from a tower block severely damaged by a serious fire in north Kensington, West London.
Witnesses reported seeing residents throwing babies and small children from high windows to people on the sidewalk in a desperate effort to save them from the flames.
The post Police: death toll rises to 12 in London blaze appeared first on Vanguard News.
This post was syndicated from Vanguard News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Do you something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
NEW YORK (AP) -- Quinton Adlesh scored 17 of his 20 points in the second half when Columbia charged back to hand Harvard its first Ivy League loss, 83-76, Friday night.
Adlesh made four of his five 3-pointers in the second half. Lukas Meisner added his third career double-double with 16 points and 10 rebounds. Kyle Castlin and Mike Smith also scored 16 points, with Smith getting 14 in the second half. Patrick Tape added 10 points for the Lions (5-13, 2-3).
The Crimson (10-11, 4-1) led the entire game until the Lions rattled off a 20-3 run with Adlesh scoring eight points to lead 58-49 with 12:26 left. Columbia kept the lead with Castlin sinking four free throws and Smith two in the final 1:07. Columbia shot 60 percent in the second half and 54 percent for the game with 11 3-pointers.
Seth Towns scored a career-high 31 points for Harvard with six of the Crimson's 16 3-pointers.
LAS VEGAS -- The Nevada State Athletic Commission intends to re-evaluate the disciplinary action it took against UFC lightweight champion Conor McGregor in October.
McGregor, 28, met with NSAC Chairman Anthony A. Marnell III and Executive Director Bob Bennett on Tuesday in Las Vegas to discuss his written request for the regulatory body to reconsider its disciplinary order against him.
Per NSAC protocol, an NSAC chairman has the authority to grant a motion for reconsideration filed by a sanctioned athlete. That motion is then voted on by commission members and, if passed, reopens the case to a new disciplinary hearing.
Marnell is expected to grant McGregor's request during the commission's monthly meeting in March.
The NSAC originally fined McGregor $75,000 and ordered him to produce an anti-bullying public service announcement with a production value of a minimum $75,000. He was also ordered to perform 50 hours of community service.
The order stemmed from McGregor's actions during a UFC fight week news conference last August, during which he threw water bottles and drink cans in the direction of his opponent,? Nate Diaz, inside the MGM Grand Hotel and Casino.
At the time of his initial disciplinary hearing in October, McGregor, of Dublin, was primarily focused on avoiding any suspension that would have prevented him from a scheduled lightweight title fight at UFC 205 on Nov. 12 in New York.
Shortly after that hearing, UFC president Dana White publicly stated McGregor had informed him that he never wished to fight in the state of Nevada again. McGregor later told RollingStone.com that he didn't see Nevada in his "foreseeable future."
On Nov. 18, six days after becoming the first fighter in UFC history to hold titles in multiple weight classes, McGregor filed a formal petition for judicial review of the NSAC's order in Nevada District Court. That case remains open for the time being.
The NSAC has undergone changes since McGregor appeared before the commission via conference call in October. Longtime commissioner Pat Lundvall's tenure with the NSAC came to an end in October. Former commissioner Michon Martin is no longer with the NSAC, as well.
It's worth noting that Lundvall made the initial motion to fine McGregor $150,000, which amounted to 5 percent of his $3 million purse to fight Diaz at UFC 202. And during deliberations, Martin suggested an even higher fine amount of $300,000, which was ultimately shot down.
The NSAC's pending decision to reopen McGregor's disciplinary order could have a direct effect on the recent developments regarding a potential megafight between McGregor and retired pound-for-pound boxing great Floyd Mayweather Jr.
In order for that fight to happen in Las Vegas, which is historically Mayweather's preferred location, McGregor would require a professional boxing license. Prior to submitting an application for that license, McGregor would need to settle any outstanding disciplinary orders with the commission.
Diaz was fined $50,000 for his part in the August incident. Diaz initially stood up from the news conference and began to walk out. As McGregor yelled to him from the stage, Diaz tossed a bottle in his direction, which prompted McGregor to return fire. The $50,000 represented 2.5 percent of Diaz's purse.
It's unknown at this time whether Diaz will file a similar request to reopen his disciplinary case with the NSAC, but sources told ESPN.com the commission would likely consider that request as well.
It's rare for an athletic commission to reopen a disciplinary case after a sanction has already been voted on. Most recently, and famously, the NSAC reached a settlement with UFC welterweight Nick Diaz in January 2016. After it initially suspended Diaz for five years, the commission reduced his sentence to 18 months.
Ralph D. Cole Post 3 American Legion is sponsoring eight seniors-to-be from Hancock and Putnam County schools to attend the 80th annual session of Buckeye Boys State this week at Miami University of Ohio.
Sessions began June 4 and will continue through Sunday.
Representing Liberty-Benton High School are Grant Vermilya, son of Glen and Jody Vermilya; and Connor Johannigman, son of Mark Johannigman and Char Simons.
Benjamin Douglas, son of Ben and Joleen Douglas, is representing Findlay High School.
Van Buren High School representatives are Samuel Phillips, son of Rodney and Jennifer Phillips; and Joshua Seitz, son of Daniel and Nicole Seitz.
Representing Arcadia High School are Joshua Roth, son of Todd and Joline Roth; and Trevor Brubaker, son of Toby and Tony Brubaker.
Representing Continental High School and American Legion Post 541 in coordination with Post 3 is Chris Potts, son of Dennis and Tracy Potts.
Boys state is a mock state government intended to train young men who have completed their junior year of high school in the duties, rights and privileges of citizenship by providing them the opportunity to actively participate in a democratic from of government at the state, county and city levels.
Boys are assigned to one of two political parties. The residence hall in which they live during the week is their designated county and the floor is their city. Students file petitions for candidacy for a variety of offices from governor to city council and participate in the election process. After elections and inaugurations, they put the government into action.
Comments
comments
Pensioner Frank Gardner still struggles to walk four months after being viciously attacked and robbed in his own home.
But the pain in his back and right arm are more bearable than the anger he feels at lawyers who let his alleged attacker go free.
Photo Neil Cross Frank Gardner, 92, who was robbed and beaten by a man in his own home, with his brother Ralph and friends Ken Fitzgerald, Ian Skillen, Ian Parkinson and Chris Brindle
“It stinks,” said the 92-year-old who has been too frightened to leave his bungalow in Ashton, Preston since the attack in February. “I feel very let down. How much more evidence do they need to take this thug to court?”
Frank fell victim to a conman builder who tried to fleece him for work which hadn't been carried out and then turned on him in a violent rage to steal his savings of £1,200. Police arrested a man who Frank identified from mugshots. The suspect's van had been spotted in the area at the time of the attack and his mobile phone was tracked to the scene. A 41-year-old was charged with robbery and burglary and was sent to the city's crown court for trial. But the Crown Prosecution Service dropped the case citing insufficient evidence of identification and the man was released.
“I can't believe they aren't doing him,” said Frank. “The police have told me they can't believe it either and they aren't looking for anyone else.It sounds like they can't trust me as a witness in court because I'm 92. It's ridiculous. I can remember everything clearly even though it's four months ago.”
A police spokeman said: “We charged a man and he was due to appear in court. But it's in the hands of the CPS after that.”
The police have told me they can't believe it either and they aren't looking for anyone else.
A spokesman for the CPS said: “We took the view that there was insufficient evidence of identification to prove that he was the person who had committed the offences. We can't go into all the details, but there is not going to be a prosecution.”
Halifax's Piece Hall has had a rich history in the cloth trade since 1779, cumulating in it being revitalised through a £19m investment in 2017.
On a warm May Bank Holiday weekend, the only weaving that the new venue was witnessing was one of a stellar musical line-up being perfectly entwined.
The tragic and untimely loss of Frightened Rabbit's Scott Hutchison leading up to the event could have resulted in the band's absence from the festival being a maudlin affair, but far from it, tributes were heartfelt and celebratory.
Headliner Father John Misty has steadily built a strong and dedicated following through his American folk rock tinged three solo albums. Prior to embarking on an extensive worldwide tour to support his imminent fourth effort, God's Favourite Customer, Misty brought his usual swagger to the Piece Hall. The man possesses a voice that can fill most venues so Yorkshire's finest piazza was no challenge.
Misty's sets build, from the innocuous low key entrance through to the microphone waving flamboyance, and now regular contains string and brass sections providing depth and majesty to the tracks.
From openers Nancy From Now On and Chateau Lobby #4, on which the Spanish tinged brass was the perfect accompaniment, through to new tracks Mr Tillman and Disappointing Diamonds Are the Rarest of Them All, Misty delved into his back catalogue giving airings to earlier album tracks such as Only Son of the Ladiesman, a sign of confidence in front of an audience that weren't there solely for his set.
Highlights were how the favourites of Hollywood Forever Cemetery, Pure Comedy and I Love You, Honeybear haven't been tarnished from their overuse, but rather have new arrangements, a new level of exuberance and ebullience that contrasts perfectly with the acoustic, more reflective numbers.
Prior to Misty's appearance Edwyn Collins had produced a set which being slightly slow to hit full speed, when it did through the Orange Juice classic Rip it Up, ignited. With the late afternoon sun slowly disappearing, the crowd fully engaged with this and set closer A Girl Like You, Collins leaving the set early to allow his superb band to take the plaudits.
Before a minute applause for the afternoon's fallen hero Hutchison, Leeds's own Hookworms had provided a more intense and rawer interjection to proceedings. Through frontman Matthew Johnson's demonic stares and bellowed vocals, the band's fraught, vigorous fuzz electronic sound hit Halifax right between the eyes.
Tracks from the bands third album Microshift stand out, the energy displayed through their tumultuous set list was infectious. Ullswater and Each Time We Pass convey the sort of ardour and fervour that meant that their place second on the line-up in the mid-afternoon slot was a stroke of genius.
The day's openers The Orielles weren't going to miss the opportunity to open The Piece Hall's first major music event, hailing as they do from the town. The young band's debut Silver Dollar Moment belies their young age, the indie pop tunes hanging from lead vocalist Esme-Dee Hand-Halford's thundering bass rhythms.
Tracks such as 48 Percent and Old Stuff, New Glass caught more than just the attention of the day's early crowd, the perfect opening band to an afternoon of live music in a stunning venue that now it's a proven success can look forward to a bright new future weaving a new kind of magic.
As she has each year for the past decade, Maryland State Sen. Joan Carter Conway (D-Dist. 43) testified before her colleagues in support of a bill to promote equality between the state's HBCUs, and its traditionally White institutions.
This year, however, Conway's bill and testimony carry with them the force of a recent court ruling that the state has operated its higher education institutions in a segregated manner, and must provide equal support for each.
“The historically Black institutions have not been funded at the same rate that the traditionally White institutions have,” Conway told members of the State Senate Budget and Taxation Committee in support of SB-252, the 2018 version of legislation first introduced in 2008.
The bill would ensure that Maryland's four historically Black institutions receive sufficient funding to be competitive with the state's other four-year public universities. It comes amid the final stages of a lawsuit brought against the state by alumni from the four institutions; in November, a U.S Federal District Court found that the state of Maryland continues to operate a de jure system of segregation in higher education that has disadvantaged HBCU students. The state has threatened to appeal the decision.
SB-252 seeks to equalize state funding provided to Maryland's four HBCU's with the level of public support given to traditionally White institutions. Currently, public funding to colleges and universities in Maryland are discretionary.
Maryland's four HBCU have been underfunded for decades, Morgan State University President David Wilson said in his testimony before the committee. He was the only HBCU executive to testify on behalf of SB-252.
“The conclusions have been consistent over the last 70 years,” Wilson told the committee.
Wilson shared a long history of recommendations by federal judges, state and federal commissions for quality, dating from the 1937 Soper Commission to November's ruling, as evidence of a long-understood resource disparity between the state's HBCUs and TWIs.
Talib T.Karim, an adjunct professor at Bowie State University, said that equalizing funding between the state's historically Black and predominately White institutions may help decrease the atmosphere of racial intolerance that has gripped many area campuses.
Among Karim's students was Lt. Richard W. Collins, an African-American Bowie State University student who was stabbed to death in a hate crime incident on the University of Maryland College Park campus last May, just days before Collins was scheduled to graduate.
“We have the opportunity to prevent the kind of tragedy that we saw happen to Lt. Richard Collins,” Karim said. “By bringing not only more students of color to HBCUs but all students and increasing the number of Caucasian students who will flock back to these campuses when they are fully funded, we will do a service to our state.”
Senators had few questions during the testimony. Deborah Powell-Hayman, president of the University of Maryland Eastern Shore National Alumni Association, said she believes the lack of response from several of the committee's senators represented a missed opportunity.
“Today, I felt as though the exchange was a bit brief and some might surmise the atmosphere was a little bit dismissive,” Hayman said. “As Senator Conway stated, we've been on this pathway for a very long time.”
“We're struggling, and we need this bill to pass,” Hayman added. The UMES campus receives among the smallest annual funding allocations from the state.
Delegate Nick Mosby and other members of the House of Delegates have submitted a companion bill in that chamber, H.B. 450, according to Tracey Lewis, Mosby's policy director. Hearings on the bill are scheduled for Feb. 8.
Nathaniel J. McFadden, one of two Legislative Black Caucus members on the Senate Budget and Taxation Committee, was also one of the few senators to comment during the hearing. McFadden said the time has come for the General Assembly to step up.
“Clearly, now that Judge Blake has ruled, the State is obligated to do the right thing by its historic black colleges and universities,” he said. “But not only that, we need to do this for the entire state. It's going to be difficult, but we need to fight the fight. This is a matter of principle and doing the right thing.”
Police are investigating after Loobi Crafts in Leighton Buzzard was broken into at the weekend.
Officers were called to reports of a burglary at the craft shop in Rylands Mews, Lake Street, on Sunday morning.
The incident is believed to have happened in the early hours.
The offenders gained access to the premises by forcing metal bars from a window and breaking it.
The shop's cash register and a quantity of gift vouchers were taken, but later recovered near Parson's Close.
An investigation is ongoing and anyone with any information is asked to call 101 quoting reference number JD/12344/2018 or report information online at www.bedfordshire.police.uk/report.
By Bongani Ndlovu
It has taken 18 years for Edith WeUtonga to gain recognition for her career in music and the feeling is great she said, after scooping the Outstanding Alternative Music award during the Roil Bulawayo Arts Awards (RoilBAAs) held in the city last weekend.
Born Edith Katiji, the musician said it has been a struggle to get recognition in the country, despite countless nominations at various awards.
“After all that I've done, my music has been nominated many times at the Zimbabwe Music Awards and NAMAs, but I haven't won anything.
“It goes to show the struggles we as female artistes face, that no matter how good you are, it's not good enough in the eyes of some,” said Edith WeUtonga.
“Getting recognition for female artistes is something you have to fight for. You always have to fight for space to perform, so this award is significant for my career.”
Edith WeUtonga said her musical career started at Amakhosi Cultural Centre hence the award was very significant for her.
“I feel honoured to be recognised in my home city. After so many musical nominations, I finally got to win one and in Bulawayo, a city where I carved out my talent some 18 years ago.
“It goes a long way as it shows that my work is appreciated by those from where I come.”
Reflecting on her musical career, Edith said it all began in 2000 while she was at Amakhosi. She joined a group called Siyeza Afro Jazz which had the late musician Max Mhlanga and Handsome Mabhiza as their lead vocalist and managed to showcase her talent.
An impressed Amakhosi founder and director Cont Mhlanga further boosted her career and exposed her to the world of acting by making her play the lead character in a television drama, Sinjalo, that was to be a hit. She played Mai Shupi, the wife of Foromani (played by Fortune Ruzungunde).
Four years later, an all-female band Amakhosikazi was established at the cultural centre to educate women on how to play musical instruments and write their own songs. The band did well as it toured the country for two years. But sadly, the project folded and Mhlanga suggested that it was time for Edith and her crew to go out and look for jobs, something she described as painful.
“Mhlanga sat us down and told us that we have been trained and it was time for us to look for work. It was painful; it felt like Mhlanga had just kicked us out of Amakhosi.
“He said we had an advantage because we could play instruments and that alone could make us integral parts of any band,” said Edith WeUtonga.
Fortunately for her, she managed to join jazz musician Tanga Wekwasando. And in 2008, she decided to start a solo career and managed to release three albums.
Now, Edith, who plays the bass guitar, is an established artiste who is developing herself by studying for a degree in music business at Midlands State University. The Chronicle
Shoreline Report: The Anclote Area
The Anclote area parallels the Anclote River and borders New Port Richey, Tarpon Springs and Hudson, there are three parks just a few miles from each other. Fishing these parks could be compared to winning a trifecta, each has different characteristics and each holds fish.
You would be hard pressed to find a location with a more exciting history. The Native Americans were mighty hunters and warriors, Vasco da Gama, the great Spanish explorer and his conquistadors roamed these waters. Pirates lie in wait to pillage and plunder Spanish galleons and hid their treasures throughout this region.
The Anclote River Park, located on the Anclote River has all the amenities you will need, a swimming area, pavilions, grilling stations, playgrounds and a small ramp to accommodate boaters and kayakers. There are also designated fishing areas for the land based and wading anglers. An abundance of fish migrating to the warmer backwaters can be caught here.
As you journey northward, the Anclote Gulf Park is located across from the Anclote Power Plant. The warm water discharged from the power plant attracts fish of all species. There are several walkways that lead to the water's edge for land based anglers. The main attraction of this park is a really nice pier that runs parallel with the water entering the gulf, it's open 24 hours!
This is also a spectacular area for wade and kayak fishing. Waders beware, this is part of the Nature Coast and there are many rocks. For yak anglers, the put-in maybe difficult, but it is well worth the effort.
Key Vista Nature Park adjoins to the Gulf Park with trails and wooden walkways. This is a beautiful nature preserve with minimal amenities, but there are trails and an observation tower. The park is bordered by Rocky Creek, where land based and wade fishing is accessible. Hit the backwaters of the creek or adventure out onto the flats, reds and trout are plentiful in this area.
To have these three parks within just a few miles of each other is a resource you don't want to miss out on. There is a bait and tackle shop right across the street from these parks with plenty of live bait and other needed supplies. Grab your gear and get ready for an experience, you are now fishing the Nature Coast!
Bill DeWeese caught these beautiful trout using a FFP Osprey 3000 reel and TFO PSS Medium rod. He used a live shrimp on a #1 circle hook under a float.
The Associated Press All-America teams.
FIRST TEAM
OFFENSE
Quarterback — Baker Mayfield, senior, Oklahoma.
Running backs — Bryce Love, junior, Stanford; Rashaad Penny, senior, San Diego State.
Tackles — Orlando Brown, junior, Oklahoma; Mike McGlinchey, senior, Notre Dame.
Guards — Quenton Nelson, senior, Notre Dame; Braden Smith, senior, Auburn.
Center — Billy Price, senior, Ohio State.
Tight end — Mark Andrews, junior, Oklahoma.
Receivers — James Washington, senior, Oklahoma State; Anthony Miller, senior, Memphis.
All-purpose player — Saquon Barkley, junior, Penn State.
Kicker — Matt Gay, junior, Utah.
DEFENSE
Ends — Bradley Chubb, senior, North Carolina State; Clelin Ferrell, sophomore, Clemson.
Tackles — Hercules Mata'afa, junior, Washington State; Maurice Hurst, senior, Michigan.
Linebackers — Roquan Smith, junior, Georgia; Josey Jewell, senior, Iowa; T.J. Edwards, junior, Wisconsin.
Cornerbacks — Josh Jackson, junior, Iowa; Denzel Ward, junior, Ohio State.
Safeties — Minkah Fitzpatrick, junior, Alabama; DeShon Elliott, junior, Texas.
Punter — Michael Dickson, junior, Texas.
___
SECOND TEAM
OFFENSE
Quarterback — Lamar Jackson, junior, Louisville.
Running backs — Jonathan Taylor, freshman, Wisconsin; Kerryon Johnson, junior, Auburn.
Tackles — Mitch Hyatt, junior, Clemson; Isaiah Wynn, senior, Georgia.
Guards — Cody O'Connell, senior, Washington State; Will Hernandez, senior, UTEP.
Center — Bradley Bozeman, senior, Alabama.
Tight end — Troy Fumagalli, senior, Wisconsin.
Receivers — David Sills V, junior, West Virginia; Michael Gallup, senior, Colorado State.
All-purpose player — Dante Pettis, senior, Washington.
Kicker — Daniel Carlson, senior, Auburn.
DEFENSE
Ends — Sutton Smith, sophomore, Northern Illinois; Nick Bosa, sophomore, Ohio State.
Tackles — Ed Oliver, sophomore, Houston; Christian Wilkins, junior, Clemson.
Linebackers — Malik Jefferson, junior, Texas; Ogbonnia Okoronkwo, senior, Oklahoma; Dorian O'Daniel, senior, Clemson.
Cornerbacks — Jalen Davis, senior, Utah State; Carlton Davis, junior, Auburn.
Safeties — Derwin James, junior, Florida State; Justin Reid, junior, Stanford.
Punter — Johnny Townsend, senior, Florida.
____
THIRD TEAM
OFFENSE
Quarterback — Mason Rudolph, senior, Oklahoma State.
Running backs — Ronald Jones II, junior, Southern California; Devin Singletary, sophomore, Florida Atlantic.
Tackles — David Edwards, sophomore, Wisconsin; Jonah Williams, sophomore, Alabama.
Guards — Beau Benzschawel, junior, Wisconsin; Tyrone Crowder, senior, Clemson.
Center — Frank Ragnow, senior, Arkansas.
Tight end — Jaylen Samuels, senior, North Carolina State.
Receivers — Steve Ishmael, senior, Syracuse; A.J. Brown, sophomore, Mississippi.
All-purpose player — D.J. Reed, junior, Kansas State.
Kicker — Eddy Piniero, junior, Florida.
DEFENSE
Ends — Austin Bryant, junior, Clemson; Mat Boesen, senior, TCU.
Tackles — Vita Vea, junior, Washington; Harrison Phillips, senior, Stanford.
Linebackers — Micah Kiser, senior, Virginia; Tremaine Edmunds, junior, Virginia Tech; Devin Bush, sophomore, Michigan.
Cornerbacks — Andraez Williams, redshirt freshman, LSU; Jack Jones, sophomore, Southern California.
Safeties — Armani Watts, senior, Texas A&M; Quin Blanding, senior, Virginia.
Punter — Mitch Wisnowsky, junior, Utah.
___
Voters: Bob Asmussen, Champaign (Illinois) News-Gazette; Kirk Bohls, Austin (Texas) American-Statesman; Matt Brown, Sports on Earth; Pat Caputo, The Oakland (Michigan) Press; Chuck Carlton, Dallas Morning News; Robert Cessna, Bryan-College Station (Texas) Eagle; Rece Davis, ESPN; Pat Dooley, Gainesville (Florida) Sun; Dave Foster, Fox 17 WZTV, Nashville, Tennessee; Scott Hamilton, WCOG-AM, Greensboro, North Carolina; Eric Hansen, The South Bend (Indiana) Tribune; Brian Howell, Buffszone.com, Boulder, Colorado; Rob Long, WJZ-FM The Fan, Baltimore; Tony Parks, 1280 AM/97.5 FM KZNS, Salt Lake City; Soren Petro, 810 WHB, Kansas City, Missouri; Keith Sargeant, NJ.com/Star Ledger, Newark, New Jersey; Jon Wilner, San Jose (California) Mercury News.
___
Follow Ralph D. Russo at www.Twitter.com/ralphDrussoAP
___
More AP college football: http://collegefootball.ap.org and http://www.twitter.com/AP_Top25
While the Blue Angels were flying overhead, bluegrass music was playing on the ground in San Francisco's Golden Gate Park.Hardly Strictly Bluegrass brings thousands of people to the city each year for a weekend of stellar music and intriguing company.Watch the video in the player above for the full story.
BOSTON (AP) — Massachusetts gambling regulators are holding a special meeting to discuss sexual misconduct allegations against casino magnate Steve Wynn, whose company is building a $2.4 billion casino outside Boston.
The Massachusetts Gaming Commission will receive an update on an investigation Wednesday.
Republican Gov. Charlie Baker says if the allegations are true, Wynn would "fail to meet the suitability standard under the state gaming law."
The Wall Street Journal reported Friday that a number of women said they were harassed or assaulted by Wynn, and that one case led to a $7.5 million settlement.
The 76-year-old Wynn has denied the allegations.
Under the 2011 casino law, a license is considered a "revocable privilege," and can be suspended or revoked if a licensee is found "unsuitable to operate a gaming establishment."
Michy Batshuayi scores twice on Borussia Dortmund debut in 3-2 win over Cologne
Michy Batshuayi scored two goals and set up another on his Bundesliga debut for Borussia Dortmund in a 3-2 win over last-place Cologne on Friday.
“It was the first game. It was difficult,” Batshuayi said. “The important thing is that we won.”
The Belgian forward, who joined Dortmund on loan from Chelsea on Wednesday, scored his first goal 10 minutes before the break, blasting the ball past goalkeeper Timo Horn after an assist by Jeremy Toljan.
“(It was a) dream debut,” Batshuayi said on Twitter.
Batshuayi thought he'd scored another just before halftime, again set up by Toljan, but the goal was ruled offside after an intervention from the video referee.
Christian Pulisic was partly to blame for Cologne's equalizer on the hour-mark after losing the ball in midfield. Simon Zoller scored on the rebound after Roman Buerki saved Dominique Heintz' effort.
Batshuayi got his second goal almost immediately afterward, with Pulisic atoning for his mistake with the assist.
Jorge Mere equalized minutes later with the back of his head from a corner.
But Batshuayi played Andre Schuerrle through to score late on a counterattack, giving coach Peter Stoeger a win on his return to his former side.
Cologne, which sacked Stoeger in December after a winless start, suffered its first loss in five games and remained four points behind Werder Bremen in the relegation playoff place.
“It wasn't a game for weak nerves,” Stoeger said after his team ended a run of three draws. “It was an important win.”
Dortmund moved to second place, ahead of Bayer Leverkusen on goal difference having played an extra game. AP
НТВ в социальных сетях twitter
facebook
google
vk
odnoklassniki
instagram
telegram
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
River Place Behavioral Health opened Tuesday, April 24 in Laplace, Louisiana, aiming to provide additional mental healthcare services for people across the state and region.
“The opening of River Place Behavioral Health is a significant step forward as we work to address the vital need for behavioral health services throughout Louisiana and our entire region,” said Warner Thomas, President & Chief Executive Officer, Ochsner Health System.
Louisiana currently ranks 39th in national rankings regarding access to care for those in need of mental health treatment, and recent population estimates demonstrate a need for more than 400 behavioral health beds in the greater New Orleans and Baton Rouge areas.
Through a joint venture, Ochsner partnered with Acadia, a national leader in behavioral healthcare services, to repurpose the existing River Parishes Hospital building.
RIVER PLACE BEHAVIORAL HEALTH
Former River Parishes Hospital building
82-bed inpatient behavioral health facility
“River Place illustrates the value of partnership, bringing together Acadia, a national expert in behavioral health, and Ochsner, a national leader in physician group practice, to deliver much needed inpatient behavioral health services to adults and adolescents,” said Thomas.
Through this partnership, Ochsner made a substantial contribution in providing the facility, and Acadia invested nearly $18 million dollars in the facility build-out, equipment and working capital.
“Through our collaboration with Ochsner, patients at River Place benefit from the expertise of Ochsner psychiatrists and providers,” said Rick Bennett, CEO, River Place Behavioral Health.
“Together, we are delivering comprehensive and compassionate care in one of the most innovative behavioral health facilities in the country today, designed for the safety and comfort of both patients and staff,” said Bennett.
RIVER PLACE BEHAVIORAL HEALTH UNITS
Adult Acute Care Unit (ages 18+ with depression, anxiety, or bipolar disorder)
Dual Diagnosis Unit (substance use disorders)
Geriatric Unit (ages 65+)
Adolescent Unit (ages 12-17)
The facility has an adult acute care unit for patients 18 years and older who are struggling with depression, anxiety, bipolar disorder and other behavioral health issues. A dual diagnosis unit will treat patients with substance use disorders and other co-occurring mental health issues.
To meet the behavioral health needs of patients at different stages in life, a geriatric psychiatric unit will offer personalized treatment for patients who are 65 years or older and a specialized unit for adolescents will treat patients ages 12-17 years old.
The reconstructed space was built with safety in mind and has innovative safety features that are not found in many behavioral health facilities today. Large patient rooms and nursing stations are designed to provide safety and comfort for both patients and caregivers.
Each of the four units has an outdoor area tailored to meet the needs of each patient population. The adolescent unit has a basketball court while the geriatric unit has wider sidewalks and seating areas to accommodate wheelchairs and walkers.
EXPECTATIONS
74 patients daily
2,800+ annual admissions
150 new jobs for St. John the Baptist Parish
The new facility will grow to an average daily census of approximately 74 patients and more than 2,800 annual admissions. When the facility is open at full capacity, River Place Behavioral Health will create approximately 150 new jobs in St. John the Baptist Parish, including recreation therapists, registered nurses, social services staff and mental health technicians.
“We have a real need to find open beds for patients who are facing struggles with mental health,” said Eric McMillen, CEO, Ochsner Medical Center – Baton Rouge. “This new facility is less than one hour from Baton Rouge and helps fill a large void in our region.”
For more information on River Place Behavioral Health, including the admissions process, call (985) 303-2327.
Copyright 2018 WAFB. All rights reserved.
The moves, which include easing a cap on how many stations a broadcaster can own, have opened up lucrative opportunities for Mr. Smith, among them a $3.9 billion bid to buy Tribune Media, another large owner of stations.
Mr. Pai's deregulatory drive has also helped win him a following as a champion of pro-business, conservative causes — even leading some Republicans to approach him since he was first named to the F.C.C. in 2012 about running for elected office.
Sinclair's Expanding Range The Sinclair Broadcast Group owns or operates 173 television stations across the country, almost three times the number it had in 2010. If a proposed merger with Tribune Media is approved, Sinclair would add 42 stations in spots across the United States, making its reach even broader. Television stations owned or operated by the Sinclair Broadcast Group NUMBER OF STATIONS 175 Currently: NUMBER OF STATIONS 173 stations 5 150 1 Stations fully owned and operated by Sinclair 125 Operated under a shared services agreement 100 Operated under a local marketing agreement 50 percent owned by Sinclair 75 After potential merger with Tribune Media: 215 stations NEW OR EXPANDED MARKETS 50 25 0 '96 '00 '04 '08 '12 '16 Television stations owned or operated by the Sinclair Broadcast Group Currently: NUMBER OF STATIONS 173 stations 5 1 After potential merger with Tribune Media: 215 stations NEW OR EXPANDED MARKETS Stations fully owned and operated by Sinclair NUMBER OF STATIONS 175 Operated under a shared services agreement 150 Operated under a local marketing agreement 50 percent owned by Sinclair 125 100 75 50 25 0 '96 '00 '04 '08 '12 '16
An examination of the F.C.C. records shows that the Smith-Pai alliance does not follow the familiar script of a lobbyist with deep pockets influencing policy. Instead, it is a case of a powerful regulator and an industry giant sharing a political ideology, and suddenly, with the election of Mr. Trump, having free rein to pursue it — with both Mr. Smith, 66, and Mr. Pai, 44, reaping rewards.
Neither Mr. Pai nor Mr. Smith would comment for this article.
Associates say both men believe that local television stations, which fall under the commission's rules because they broadcast over federally owned airwaves, are at a disadvantage when competing against cable companies and online streaming services like Comcast and Netflix.
Tina Pelkey, spokeswoman for Mr. Pai, said the new chairman had not taken steps to help Sinclair specifically; his concerns relate to the broadcast industry generally.
“It has nothing to do with any one company,” Ms. Pelkey said.
Other broadcast companies, as well as the National Association of Broadcasters, have pushed for some of the same changes that have benefited Sinclair.
Loosened regulatory requirements, Sinclair executives said, will help even the playing field and benefit millions of Americans who rely on broadcast stations for news and entertainment by allowing the companies to invest in new equipment and technology.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“Thankfully we've got Chairman Pai, who's launched an action to look at antiquated rules, which we think,” Christopher S. Ripley, who became Sinclair's chief executive in mid-January, said in a recent speech, rules that Mr. Ripley said had “artificially tipped the playing field away from TV broadcast.”
But critics say the rollback undermines the heart of the F.C.C. mission to protect diversity, competition and local control in broadcast media. It also gives an increasingly prominent conservative voice in broadcast television — Sinclair has become known for its right-leaning commentary — an unparalleled national platform, as television remains the preferred source for most Americans of news, according to Pew.
A merger with Tribune would transform Sinclair into a media juggernaut, with reach into seven out of 10 homes through more than 200 stations in cities as diverse as Eureka, Calif., and Huntsville, Ala. The company would have a significant presence in important markets in several electoral swing states, including Pennsylvania, Ohio and North Carolina, and would gain entry into the biggest urban markets: New York, Los Angeles and Chicago.
Photo
The result would illustrate the real-world stakes of the Trump administration's pursuit of dismantling regulations across government. The rollback at the F.C.C., a microcosm of the broader effort, pleases business interests and many Republicans who complain that regulators are heavy-handed and hostile in their approach. It raises alarms among free-speech advocates and many Democrats who say consumers suffer without aggressive oversight.
“I worry that our democracy is at stake because democracy depends on a diversity of voices and competition of news outlets,” said Representative Frank Pallone Jr. of New Jersey, the top Democrat on the House Energy and Commerce Committee.
If Sinclair's past is any guide, the changes for viewers could be profound.
The company has a history of cutting staffs and shaving costs by requiring stations to share news coverage, in that way reducing unique local content. And it has required stations to air conservative-leaning segments, including law-and-order features from its “Terrorism Alert Desk,” as well as punditry from Republicans like Boris Epshteyn, a former surrogate to Mr. Trump, who was still seen visiting the White House after joining Sinclair.
In the political battleground state of Wisconsin, a merger would give Sinclair six stations in the biggest markets — Milwaukee, Green Bay and Madison — causing some journalists to fear a statewide, coordinated corporate news strategy that would tilt right.
“We've moved from a high-quality independent news ownership structure to one where a few companies have outsized influence,” said Lewis A. Friedland, a professor of journalism at the University of Wisconsin-Madison.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Friedland previously worked as a news manager at WITI, the current Fox affiliate in Milwaukee. It is owned by Tribune and would become part of the Sinclair empire if the merger is approved, as expected.
Sinclair rejects suggestions that its stations push right-leaning views, and says the company's mission is to be objective in its news coverage.
“We are proud to offer a range of perspectives, both conservative and liberal — to our consumers — on our Sinclair broadcast stations each day,” Scott Livingston, Sinclair's vice president for news, wrote in a July memo to staff members. “It is unfortunate that so many of our competitors do not provide the same marketplace of ideas.”
Photo
An Opposition Voice Rises
Though Sinclair is not a household name like the conservative cable TV channel Fox News, it has been a powerful operator in Washington, with a decades-long history of courting Republicans and Democrats even as regulators accused it of flouting broadcast rules.
Sinclair was founded in 1971 by Mr. Smith's father, Julian Sinclair Smith, an electrical engineer with a deep curiosity about new broadcasting technology. At the time, the company consisted of a radio station and a single UHF station in Baltimore, but it wasn't long before it embarked on an ambitious growth strategy.
With more stations, Sinclair could command more lucrative advertising, and later, higher fees from cable and satellite companies that retransmitted its broadcasts.
Sinclair helped pioneer a range of creative growth techniques that the company insisted were both legal and good for television viewers.
Most notable was its use of so-called joint sales agreements, which allowed it to work around ownership rules that prevented any one company from owning multiple top-rated channels in a single market.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The practice started in 1991 in Pittsburgh as a game of ownership hot potato, when Sinclair sold its station there to an employee, Edwin Edwards, and retained ownership of a second station. The two stations then shared resources and programming, but on paper they remained under separate ownership. David Smith's mother, Carolyn Smith, later helped fund Mr. Edwards's company and took a stake in it.
Consumer advocates long complained about the maneuver, and by President Obama's second term, regulators at the F.C.C., then led by Democrats, were taking a hard look at it.
That is when, records show, Mr. Pai first met with Sinclair's top lawyers.
Mr. Pai was a fresh Republican face on the commission. He had an impressive background: degrees from Harvard and the University of Chicago Law School, and stints at the Department of Justice, at the general counsel's office of the F.C.C. and at the Senate Judiciary Committee, as an aide to Sam Brownback, then a Republican senator from Kansas and now the state's governor.
The child of immigrants from India, he liked to tell the story of how his parents arrived in the United States with nothing but $10 and a transistor radio.
Perhaps most appealing to Sinclair and other TV station owners, Mr. Pai exhibited blanket empathy for the broadcasting industry, both television and radio.
“I've been listening carefully to what you have to say,” Mr. Pai told broadcast executives in late 2012. “Unfortunately, it seems there's a widespread perception that today's F.C.C. is largely indifferent to the fate of your business.”
An enthusiastic purveyor of free-market philosophy, Mr. Pai quickly became a dependable opponent to regulations created by the F.C.C.'s Democratic majority. He promised to take a “weed whacker” to regulations if he ever became chairman.
“The commission,” he told the broadcast executives, “can do a better job of focusing on what's important to broadcasters.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
An Alliance Is Forged
Just seven months into Mr. Pai's tenure, in December 2012, he welcomed a group of visitors to his office: Barry M. Faber, Sinclair's general counsel, and two of the company's Washington-based corporate lawyers.
“Television stations have utilized J.S.A.s for at least 10 years,” Mr. Faber told Mr. Pai according to records of the meeting filed with the F.C.C., referring to the joint sales agreements that Sinclair utilized in Pittsburgh and elsewhere.
Mr. Faber added that “to his knowledge, not a single example of harm to program diversity or competition for viewers resulting from J.S.A.s has been documented.”
DICKINSON, N.D. (AP) — The National Park Service wants further review of an oil refinery proposed near North Dakota's Theodore Roosevelt National Park to see how emergency flaring could affect air quality.
The Park Service's request is among about 11,000 emails received by the North Dakota Department of Public Health during a comment period for the refinery's air quality permit, which ended last week.
Meridian Energy Group wants to build the Davis Refinery near Belfield, which is about three miles from the park. The health department is reviewing a permit for a refinery capable of processing 55,000 barrels of oil per day.
An analysis by the National Park Service's Air Resources Division found that the refinery wouldn't significantly impact the park under normal operations, the Bismarck Tribune reported . But the Park Service said more evaluation is needed on the impact of flaring, which could significantly increase emissions.
"Based on our analysis, emissions from the refinery could cause visibility impairment at Theodore Roosevelt NP under upset conditions when blowdown emissions are exhausted through the flares," the Park Service wrote in a letter.
Wendy Ross, the park's superintendent, said the Park Service is also concerned about future impact if Meridian wants to expand.
Meridian Energy Group has said it would be the "cleanest refinery on the planet."
The Environmental Protection Agency has also been involved in the refinery's permit review process. The federal agency submitted technical comments and recommended that the health department analyze air quality impact from phase one of the refinery, which will process 27,500 barrels of oil per day.
Terry O'Clair, director of the health department's air quality division, said reviewing and responding to comments and making a final recommendation will take about two months.
Health officials said that the project's review process has been more rigorous than required because of public interest.
___
Information from: Bismarck Tribune, http://www.bismarcktribune.com
By JOE McDONALD
AP Business Writer
BEIJING (AP) - China's supreme court threw out a retail tycoon's fraud conviction on Thursday in an unusual show of leniency toward entrepreneurs amid a string of high-profile detentions that has rattled the Chinese business world.
Zhang Wenzhong, former chairman of one of China's biggest retail chains, Wumart Stores Inc., was released in February after serving 12 years in prison on charges that included improperly obtaining technology development subsidies.
The Supreme People's Court ruled that while Zhang, a computer scientist who studied at Stanford University and founded Wumart in the 1990s, violated rules in applying for the subsidies, he did so unintentionally and his company was eligible to receive them.
Zhang and another executive who was convicted had no "subjective intention" to commit fraud, the court said. It said their conviction was a "misapplication of the law and should be corrected."
The ruling was a rare success by a high-profile defendant in the midst of a marathon anti-corruption crackdown led by President Xi Jinping.
It reflected the ruling Communist Party's desire to "strengthen the protection of the legitimate rights and interests of entrepreneurs," said a Supreme Court official quoted by the website of the Shanghai newspaper The Paper.
In a possible effort to reassure entrepreneurs about their status in the state-dominated economy, the unidentified official acknowledged they face uncertainty about evolving rules and sometimes need to make unorthodox arrangements.
"In some places, there has been an unfair and unreasonable treatment of private enterprises," the official was quoted as saying. The official said when authorities find "irregular practices" they should be examined in a "developmental perspective."
A series of Chinese businesspeople have been prosecuted or detained for questioning since 2016 about possible offenses including fraud, embezzlement and bribery.
On Wednesday, a lawyer for the imprisoned founder of China's biggest privately owned insurance company said he will appeal an 18-year prison sentence on fraud charges. Wu Xiaohui of Anbang Insurance, which owns New York City's Waldorf Hotel, was convicted of improperly raising billions of dollars from investors and diverting company to his own use.
The founder of a Shanghai-based company that was buying a stake in Russia's biggest oil producer, Rosneft, was detained in March, according to news reports. A Chinese-born Canadian businessman disappeared from Hong Kong in early 2017 and news reports say he might have been abducted by mainland police for possible trial.
Zhang was accused of improperly obtaining 31.9 million yuan ($4.9 million) from a government program for a logistics and information management project. Prosecutors said only state-owned companies were eligible and Zhang colluded with a subsidiary of a government enterprise, China Chentong, to obtain the money.
The supreme court said the rules had changed by the time Wumart applied and private companies were eligible.
"It is in accordance with the industrial and development policies of that time," the court said.
It gave no indication why a lower court that upheld Zhang's conviction in 2009 failed to notice the rule change that would have freed him.
Zhang stepped down as chairman of Wumart's parent company after being detained in 2006.
The supreme court also overturned Zhang's conviction on charges he and other investors improperly used 40 million yuan ($6.1 million) from a customer's account at an insurance company to trade stocks.
The facts of that case were unclear and "lacked sufficient evidence," the court said.
Copyright 2018 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
German politicians are expressing concern about a possible takeover of General Motors' Opel division by France's PSA Group, maker of Peugeot and Citroen cars.
Chancellor Angela Merkel's Cabinet discussed the possible consequences for German workers Wednesday.
Opel employs 19,000 people in Germany out of a total work force of 38,000. And it's an election year in Germany, which means politicians are particularly sensitive to anything that might mean job losses.
Labor Minister Andrea Nahles said that Opel's headquarters must remain in Ruesselsheim, Germany, the dpa news agency reported.
PSA and GM said Tuesday that they were talking about expanding their current cooperation, with one option being PSA acquiring Opel. There is no guarantee a deal will happen, they said.
Economy Minister Brigitte Zypries has said it was "unacceptable" that the two companies did not inform employee representatives, the IG Metall industrial union, and the local and national governments about their plans.
A ministry spokesman also said Zypries would speak to her French counterpart. The French government holds a stake in PSA.
Meanwhile, GM CEO Mary Barra was at the Ruesselsheim headquarters on Wednesday.
Detroit-based GM has been trying to return its European business to profit. It last made a full-year profit there in 1999. GM and PSA already cooperate on several vehicle projects. A tie-up between Opel and PSA could help reduce costs by creating a bigger company that would spread fixed costs over more vehicles.
'); StatBanner('btw', bl); } else { show_ntv_ads(wrapperElement, bl); } } } function mailru_ads(data, el) { if(data && data.length > 0) { var ban_location = $(el).attr("ntv-loc"); var bl = parseInt(ban_location); if(bl == 3 && typeof b240_callback !== 'undefined') { try { window[b240_callback](); } catch(e) {} } StatBanner('all', bl); } } (MRGtag = window.MRGtag || []).push({ onNoAds:function(resp) { mailru_noAds(resp); }, onAdsLoaded: function(data, el){ mailru_ads(data, el); }, iframeMode: false }); function StatBanner(type, place) { if (type == 'all') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_showed" }); } if (type == 'noAds') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_mailru_error" }); } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_top" }); try { reachGoal('banner_error_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'noAds' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_error_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_error_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_ntv_showed" }); } if (type == 'btw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_showed" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_showed'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'nobtw') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banners_btw_error" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banners_btw_error'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_top'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_btm'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type3'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'all' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('banner_show_type4'); } catch (e) {} } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '1') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_top_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '2') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_btm_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '3') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type3_ntv" }); } if (type == 'ntv' && place == '4') { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "banner_show_type4_ntv" }); } } $(function() { var o = document.createElement('vid' + 'eo'); if(isFInst && (!o || !o.canPlayType || !o.canPlayType('video/mp4; codecs="avc1.640029, mp4a.40.2"'))) { var _tmr = window._tmr || (window._tmr = []); _tmr.push({ id: "916045", type: "reachGoal", goal: "html5_media_support" }); try { yaCounter7414054.reachGoal('html5_media_support'); } catch (e) {} } }); // -->
MILWAUKEE — Shortstop Tyler Saladino has a sprained left ankle and has been put on the 10-day disabled list by the Milwaukee Brewers, who recalled shortstop Orlando Arcia from Triple-A Colorado Springs before Wednesday's game against the St. Louis Cardinals.
Saladino jammed his ankle into second base as he took a throw from second baseman Hernan Perez on a force play in the third inning Tuesday night. Saladino had to be helped off the field.
Saladino is hitting .324 in 16 games. Arcia had a .194 batting average in 44 games before he was sent down on May 25.
___
Sizzling Paloma Thakeria Dhillon regularly shares her sexy, bikini-clad avatar and her vacation pictures never shy away to make the internet go wild. As reported, the fitness enthusiast is also into yoga as she shares her regular yoga pictures. Poonam's admirers are eagerly waiting for her Bollywood debut and it would be pleasing to see the bombshell gain stardom in the coming years. Scroll down to see Paloma Thakeria Dhillon hot and jaw dropping Instagram photos.
Actress Poonam Dhillon's daughter Paloma Thakeria Dhillon is hitting headlines as she knows well to smartly play with her style game. The 22-year-old has got a striking features and her trendy style picks leave everyone dumbstruck as she steps out of her house. The glam doll got the paps go crazy to click her every time she makes an appearance. She is surely one such star kid who is all set to gear up for her Bollywood debut. Sizzling Paloma regularly shares her sexy, bikini-clad avatar and her vacation pictures never shy away to make the internet go wild.
Paloma Thakeria Dhillon who studied in Mumbai's Jamnabai Narsee School has more than 16 thousand followers on Instragram and why not one should go gaga for her? The hot diva has got all the charm and hotness like her mother Poonam who ruled the Bollywood at her time. As reported, the fitness enthusiast is also into yoga as she shares her regular yoga pictures. Paloma's admirers are eagerly waiting for her Bollywood debut and it would be pleasing to see the bombshell gain stardom in the coming years. Scroll down to see Paloma Thakeria Dhillon hot and jaw dropping Instagram photos.
Paloma Thakeria Dhillon looks super gorgeous as she dons a black dress
Paloma Thakeria Dhillon flaunts her bold bikini-clad avatar
Paloma Thakeria Dhillon mesmerises us with her look
Paloma Thakeria Dhillon shows off her well crafted body
Paloma Thakeria Dhillon takes a selfie as she carries her funky look
Paloma Thakeria Dhillon in a black bikini looks hot
Paloma Thakeria Dhillon in a designer dress look stunning
Paloma Thakeria Dhillon in a white outfit is too hot to handle
Paloma Thakeria Dhillon goes bold to flaunt her perfect body
A post shared by Paloma Thakeria Dhillon (@palomathakeriadhillon) on Sep 3, 2016 at 4:37am PDT
Yogi ✡ A post shared by Paloma Thakeria Dhillon (@palomathakeriadhillon) on Aug 25, 2016 at 7:30am PDT
A post shared by Paloma Thakeria Dhillon (@palomathakeriadhillon) on Feb 16, 2016 at 9:03am PST
#PalaceofVersailles🍷 A post shared by Paloma Thakeria Dhillon (@palomathakeriadhillon) on Jun 4, 2014 at 1:44am PDT
Tribute to John Lennon A post shared by Paloma Thakeria Dhillon (@palomathakeriadhillon) on Sep 23, 2013 at 1:08am PDT
sliiide A post shared by Paloma Thakeria Dhillon (@palomathakeriadhillon) on Jan 5, 2018 at 12:59am PST
Dos coca-colas por favor A post shared by Paloma Thakeria Dhillon (@palomathakeriadhillon) on Oct 17, 2017 at 10:29am PDT
Nature monkey 🐒 A post shared by Paloma Thakeria Dhillon (@palomathakeriadhillon) on Sep 27, 2017 at 8:50am PDT
West coast A post shared by Paloma Thakeria Dhillon (@palomathakeriadhillon) on Jul 2, 2017 at 9:37am PDT
Tangerina A post shared by Paloma Thakeria Dhillon (@palomathakeriadhillon) on Jun 13, 2017 at 9:27am PDT
A post shared by Paloma Thakeria Dhillon (@palomathakeriadhillon) on Apr 20, 2017 at 1:43am PDT
Did you say chocolate A post shared by Paloma Thakeria Dhillon (@palomathakeriadhillon) on Jan 17, 2017 at 10:28am PST
desi kudi A post shared by Paloma Thakeria Dhillon (@palomathakeriadhillon) on Dec 9, 2017 at 8:03am PST
K O A post shared by Paloma Thakeria Dhillon (@palomathakeriadhillon) on Apr 10, 2017 at 7:53pm PDT
Got me self some cuddles 👀 A post shared by Paloma Thakeria Dhillon (@palomathakeriadhillon) on May 7, 2017 at 10:07am PDT
Chicas A post shared by Paloma Thakeria Dhillon (@palomathakeriadhillon) on Jan 3, 2017 at 3:24am PST
Koala like instincts 🐨 A post shared by Paloma Thakeria Dhillon (@palomathakeriadhillon) on Feb 23, 2017 at 8:52am PST
@ridhikamehra @frontrowgypsy A post shared by Paloma Thakeria Dhillon (@palomathakeriadhillon) on Nov 5, 2016 at 1:31am PDT
A post shared by Paloma Thakeria Dhillon (@palomathakeriadhillon) on Dec 19, 2017 at 9:57am PST
Earlier this week, we asked you to make and share your best #SoccerGrams in honor of Valentine's Day.
As always, you more than came through, creating a ton of unique, punny #SoccerGrams. We've included a few of our favorites below.
Worried that you missed the deadline to have your #SoccerGram make this story? Fear not, we'll be checking around Twitter and Instagram for more and will refresh the post later on Valentine's Day.
Paying Tribute to S.I. Newhouse and His Glamorous Magazine Legacy
Ralph Lauren, Anna Wintour, Diane von Furstenberg, Jeff Koons and other luminaries honor the former chairman of Condé Nast.
I've never seen this Game of Thrones show, but I suspect this will be relevant to many. The Upshot made an interactive that asks readers to place characters on a two-axis chart. The x-axis spans evil to good, and the y-axis spans ugly to beautiful. The result is the above, plus contour plots for each character's place in the space.
Like I said, I don't anything about the show, but I like the contour plots that have a split decision about beauty. For example, most people agree that Hodor is ugly, but there's a small group who place him at max beauty. Similarly, Joffrey Baratheon and Ramsay Bolton are clearly evil, but they have wide distributions on the ugly to beautiful scale.
Decide for yourself.
Omar Al Somah of Syria (L) celebrates a penalty goal with a teammate during the 2018 World Cup qualifying football match between Syria and Australia at the Hang Jebat Stadium in Malacca on 5 October 2017: AFP/Getty Images
Syrian striker Omar Al Somah stunned his teammates and supporters by managing to score an equalising goal in Thursday's World Cup qualifier against Australia, keeping his country's hopes of its first ever World Cup alive.
The late penalty means the two teams will meet again next week in Malacca, Malaysia, for a second leg match.
Somah's achievement came after a similarly astonishing penalty in the 93rd minute of Syria's previous game, against regional football heavyweight Iran, which meant the game ended in a 2-2 draw.
In regime and rebel-held parts of the country alike, the underdog win over clear favourites Australia was met with frantic celebration - as well as in refugee camps around the region and by the Syrian diaspora further afield.
For many, however, the euphoria is dampened by how Syria's civil war, now in its seventh year, has ripped apart the country's social fabric.
Syria's athletes have been drawn or forced into taking sides since Arab Spring protests began in 2011.
More than 100 professional footballers have been disappeared by regime forces over the last six years, subject to torture and other brutal treatment in some of the most notorious of President Bashar al-Assad's prisons.
At least three have been confirmed dead, their mutilated and starved bodies identified in the famous 2014 images leaked from Sadnaya prison outside Damascus and other military facilities, including the former captain of the national team, Jihad Qassab.
Zakaria Youssef, who played for al-Ittihad FC, was killed in government shelling in a neighbourhood of Aleppo in 2012.
Some have fled as refugees, and now live in UN tents in sprawling camps. Others have been luckier: exiled from their home, they have found new careers playing for clubs abroad.
Two have wrestled with their conscience to come back and play for the team, but it has come at a high personal price.
Firas al-Khatib, now Syria's captain after five years playing in Kuwait, has lost friends after his perceived betrayal of the revolution and endorsement of a government that starved and bombed his home town.
“Now, in Syria, [there are] many killers, not just one or two,” he told ESPN in English, shortly before deciding to return, speaking of his fears the Syrian opposition has splintered into al-Qaeda-linked extremist factions.
“Whatever happen, 12 million Syrians will love me. Other 12 million will want to kill me.”
Sport can be an opportunity to forget war and politics. Football is “a dream that brings people together. It gives people a smile and helps them forget the smell of destruction and death,” Bashar Mohammad, the Syrian national team's spokesperson, said recently.
Critics say those who play for Assad's Syria - or even watch a game - are tacit supporters of a whitewashing campaign designed to hide the regime's crimes against civilians in a war which has killed almost 500,000 people.
“The road to Sydney has been paved with too much blood to ignore,” journalist Oz Katerji wrote on Twitter.
“An equaliser against Australia is noteworthy, but it will never erase the cold-blooded extermination of professional athletes in Syria.”
Asian shares were mixed Tuesday as some indexes recouped earlier losses set off by an overnight decline on Wall Street. Investors are awaiting the first Federal Reserve meeting under the new chairman, Jerome Powell, and anticipating the first rate increase of the year.
KEEPING SCORE: Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 lost 0.5 percent to finish at 21,380.97. Australia's S&P/ASX 200 slipped 0.4 percent to 5,936.40, while South Korea's Kospi inched up 0.2 percent to 2,479.81. Hong Kong's Hang Seng was virtually unchanged at 31,524.83, while the Shanghai Composite edged 0.3 percent higher to 3,289.80.
FACEBOOK DROP: The technology rout on Wall Street on Monday was set off by Facebook's worst loss in four years. The social media giant's plunge followed reports that Cambridge Analytica, a data mining firm working for President Donald Trump's campaign, improperly obtained data on 50 million Facebook users without their permission. Legislators in the U.S. and Europe criticized Facebook, and investors are wondering if companies like Facebook and Alphabet will face tighter regulation.
WALL STREET: The S&P 500 index sank 1.4 percent to 2,712.92. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 1.3 percent to 24,610.91. The Nasdaq composite gave up 1.8 percent to 7,344.24 and the Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks declined 1 percent to 1,570.56.
FEDERAL RESERVE: The U.S. Federal Reserve's first meeting under Jerome Powell's leadership ends later this week, likely with an announcement that the Fed will resume modest interest rate hikes. A healthy U.S. job market and a relatively steady economy have given the Fed the confidence to think the economy can withstand further increases. And the financial markets have been edgy for weeks.
ENERGY: Benchmark U.S. crude rose 55 cents to $62.68 a barrel in electronic trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange. It lost 28 cents on Monday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, also gained 55 cents to $62.60 per barrel in London.
CURRENCIES: The dollar recovered to 106.27 yen from 105.92 late Monday. The euro rose to $1.2341 from $1.2267.
———
AP Markets Writer Marley Jay, who contributed to this report, can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP
His work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/marley%20jay
Follow Yuri Kageyama on Twitter at https://twitter.com/yurikageyama
Her work can be found at https://www.apnews.com/search/yuri%20kageyama
ZURICH--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--South Korea, Germany and Singapore are the world's top-ranked nations in their preparations for smoothly integrating intelligent automation into their economies, according to an index and report released today by ABB and The Economist Intelligence Unit.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005873/en/
The report " The Automation Readiness Index (ARI): Who Is Ready for the Coming Wave of Innovation? " finds that even the best-prepared countries must develop even more effective education policies and training programs, as well as place a new emphasis on continual learning over the course of a career.
Those policies and programs, the report recommends, must ensure that the rapid adoption of automation technologies and artificial intelligence (AI) will not leave people unprepared for the new, more human-oriented jobs that will be needed as robots and algorithms take on more of the routine tasks that can be and will be automated.
"The report showcases the success pattern of the future. We must take advantage of these recommendations," says Ulrich Spiesshofer, CEO of ABB. "The pace of innovation and job change today is so fast that everyone must have access to lifelong learning. Augmenting human potential with technology, in a responsible way, while providing ongoing education and training, is an opportunity to drive prosperity and growth."
The report, which surveyed and ranked 25 countries on their automation readiness, found that many nations across the globe are just beginning to come to grips with the opportunities and challenges posed by AI and robotics-based automation. It found that "more engagement between government, industry, educational specialists and other stakeholders is needed if policymaking is to keep pace with innovation in automation."
The report emphasizes that, whether policymakers are ready or not, businesses are rapidly integrating AI and advanced robotics into their operations. As that adoption accelerates in coming years, the impact on economies and workforces – and the need for a more concerted approach to education and training – will become clearer, and more urgent.
In addition to South Korea, Germany and Singapore, the countries best positioned to embrace this wave of change are the other members of the ARI that round out the top 10 in ranked order: Japan, Canada, Estonia, France, the United Kingdom, the United States and Australia.
The analysis in the report is based on a new and original index, built by The Economist Intelligence Unit, as well as a series of in-depth interviews with subject-matter experts from around the world. Rankings were determined based on a total of 52 qualitative and quantitative indicators selected in consultation with experts in automation, education and economics.
Through its YuMi collaborative robot and ABB Ability TM cross-industry portfolio of digital solutions for monitoring and controlling automation systems, ABB is helping manufacturers shaping factories of the future, where people remain a vital part of operations, working side by side with robots.
This new paradigm of human-robot collaboration has the potential to free people to focus their time and energy to higher-value work requiring human skills and talent, while leaving to robots the highly repetitive or physically demanding or even dangerous tasks. Such human work is likely to include designing the processes and operations for the robots to carry out, and also monitoring and overseeing the automated work performed by the machines.
Ideally, a successful transition to a manufacturing economy built around intelligent automation will provide human talent with the opportunity to achieve higher levels of productivity, and, ultimately, more rewarding jobs.
But to achieve that better future, the report notes that most countries will have to elevate their vocational training programs. Science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM) curricula remain important, the report finds. But automation and AI place even greater need for basic education programs and new types of teacher training.
ABB and The Economist Intelligence Unit plan to conduct the ARI research annually and revise the rankings each year as warranted. That will enable the index to fulfill its purpose as a tool to help governments continually identify and pursue policies that support successful participation in the highly automated, intensively digitalized global economy.
For its part, ABB is preparing for the future by creating “digital workplace” environments, training employees to use digital and automation tools. ABB also supports innovation at its corporate research centers and via collaborative partnerships with startups through the ABB Technology Ventures (ATV) venture capital unit.
In the global policy and educational arenas, ABB remains committed to continuing its work with trade bodies, multilateral organizations and academic institutions. The company also stands ready to brief public policymakers as requested, to enable intelligent automation to become a positive benefit to society by delivering higher levels of productivity and creating meaningful employment opportunities.
ABB (ABBN: SIX Swiss Ex) is a pioneering technology leader in electrification products, robotics and motion, industrial automation and power grids, serving customers in utilities, industry and transport & infrastructure globally. Continuing a history of innovation spanning more than 130 years, ABB today is writing the future of industrial digitalization with two clear value propositions: bringing electricity from any power plant to any plug and automating industries from natural resources to finished products. As title partner of Formula E, the fully electric international FIA motorsport class, ABB is pushing the boundaries of e-mobility to contribute to a sustainable future. ABB operates in more than 100 countries with about 135,000 employees. www.abb.com
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005873/en/
CONTACT: ABB Ltd
Media Relations
Phone: +41 43 317 71 11
Email:media.relations@ch.abb.com
KEYWORD: EUROPE ASIA PACIFIC NORTH AMERICA CANADA SWITZERLAND
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TECHNOLOGY HARDWARE SOFTWARE OTHER TECHNOLOGY
SOURCE: ABB
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 10:35 AM/DISC: 04/23/2018 10:35 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005873/en
All Times EDT EASTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div Tampa Bay 72 49 19 4 102 260 202 26-8-2 23-11-2 15-7-2 Boston 71 45 17 9 99 239 184 25-7-5 20-10-4 15-5-2 Toronto 72 43 22 7 93 243 204 25-8-2 18-14-5 13-6-3 Washington 72 41 24 7 89 225 214 25-9-2 16-15-5 13-7-3 Pittsburgh 72 41 26 5 87 237 218 26-8-1 15-18-4 15-6-1 Columbus 73 40 28 5 85 205 203 24-11-2 16-17-3 13-10-3 Philadelphia 73 37 25 11 85 218 215 18-13-6 19-12-5 11-7-5 New Jersey 72 37 27 8 82 217 215 18-14-3 19-13-5 12-9-1 Florida 70 36 27 7 79 212 216 22-11-3 14-16-4 13-6-2 Carolina 72 31 30 11 73 194 225 16-14-6 15-16-5 9-10-5 N.Y. Rangers 72 32 32 8 72 208 231 20-13-4 12-19-4 9-8-3 N.Y. Islanders 72 30 32 10 70 231 262 16-14-4 14-18-6 10-12-2 Montreal 73 26 35 12 64 182 232 17-12-8 9-23-4 10-9-5 Ottawa 71 26 34 11 63 197 244 15-14-6 11-20-5 8-11-4 Detroit 72 26 35 11 63 184 224 13-14-8 13-21-3 6-13-4 Buffalo 72 23 37 12 58 172 236 11-21-5 12-16-7 10-8-3 WESTERN CONFERENCE GP W L OT Pts GF GA Home Away Div Nashville 72 48 14 10 106 236 178 25-7-4 23-7-6 17-4-2 Vegas 72 46 21 5 97 244 199 25-9-2 21-12-3 17-3-2 Winnipeg 72 43 19 10 96 240 189 26-7-2 17-12-8 13-8-2 Minnesota 73 41 24 8 90 227 210 24-6-7 17-18-1 11-11-0 San Jose 72 40 23 9 89 219 199 21-11-3 19-12-6 19-4-3 Colorado 72 39 25 8 86 231 209 25-9-2 14-16-6 10-10-3 Los Angeles 73 40 27 6 86 211 184 19-14-3 21-13-3 11-10-4 Anaheim 73 37 24 12 86 206 197 22-10-5 15-14-7 11-6-7 Dallas 73 38 27 8 84 209 197 24-10-3 14-17-5 11-13-0 St. Louis 72 39 28 5 83 201 193 21-15-0 18-13-5 10-10-3 Calgary 74 35 29 10 80 204 222 15-17-4 20-12-6 10-10-3 Chicago 73 30 34 9 69 208 223 17-15-4 13-19-5 7-10-3 Edmonton 72 31 36 5 67 201 231 16-17-3 15-19-2 13-9-1 Vancouver 72 25 38 9 59 186 236 12-18-6 13-20-3 6-16-1 Arizona 72 24 37 11 59 175 230 15-20-4 9-17-7 8-10-6
NOTE: Two points for a win, one point for overtime loss. Top three teams in each division and two wild cards per conference advance to playoffs.
Sunday's Games
Colorado 5, Detroit 1
Vegas 4, Calgary 0
Tampa Bay 3, Edmonton 1
Carolina 4, N.Y. Islanders 3
Philadelphia 6, Washington 3
Winnipeg 4, Dallas 2
St. Louis 5, Chicago 4, OT
Anaheim 4, New Jersey 2
Monday's Games
Columbus 5, Boston 4, OT
Nashville 4, Buffalo 0
Florida 2, Montreal 0
Los Angeles 4, Minnesota 3, OT
Arizona 5, Calgary 2
Tuesday's Games
Columbus at N.Y. Rangers, 7 p.m.
Dallas at Washington, 7 p.m.
Pittsburgh at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
Edmonton at Carolina, 7 p.m.
Florida at Ottawa, 7:30 p.m.
Philadelphia at Detroit, 7:30 p.m.
Toronto at Tampa Bay, 7:30 p.m.
Los Angeles at Winnipeg, 8 p.m.
Colorado at Chicago, 8:30 p.m.
Vancouver at Vegas, 10 p.m.
New Jersey at San Jose, 10:30 p.m.
Wednesday's Games
Montreal at Pittsburgh, 7 p.m.
Arizona at Buffalo, 7 p.m.
Boston at St. Louis, 8 p.m.
Anaheim at Calgary, 9:30 p.m.
Thursday's Games
N.Y. Rangers at Philadelphia, 7 p.m.
Arizona at Carolina, 7 p.m.
Florida at Columbus, 7 p.m.
Tampa Bay at N.Y. Islanders, 7 p.m.
Washington at Detroit, 7:30 p.m.
Edmonton at Ottawa, 7:30 p.m.
Toronto at Nashville, 8 p.m.
Vancouver at Chicago, 8:30 p.m.
Los Angeles at Colorado, 9 p.m.
Vegas at San Jose, 10 p.m.
Pentagon Getting Help from Google with Military Spy Drones
Google CEO Sundar Pichai is often moved to tout a technological future powered by artificial intelligence, but most would not connect the company's AI work with death from the sky.
Yet the Mountain View tech giant has just confirmed it is providing artificial intelligence software tools to the Department of Defense for analysis of military drone footage. However, the machine-learning assistance is most definitely not about facilitating the raining down of Hellfire missiles upon hapless humans, Google said.
"The technology flags images for human review, and is for non-offensive uses only," a company spokesperson told Gizmodo.
To be sure, while the Pentagon's drone program is best known for spotting and obliterating militants and alleged terrorists (and considerable numbers of innocents), U.S. military drones -- which don't all carry weapons -- are frequently used to help keep American troops and their allies safe from attack, and for other non-combat purposes. They're also employed to gather intelligence and imagery for uses that are not immediately offensive in nature.
Google acknowledged that military use of its programming interfaces raised "valid concerns" and said it was "actively discussing this important topic internally and with others as we continue to develop policies and safeguards around the development and use of our machine learning technologies."
Google supplies some technology to the U.S. military, but has been sensitive about how it's used, Bloomberg reported Tuesday.
But the firm's push to compete in cloud storage and AI-boosted cloud services against Amazon Web Services and others may be altering its approach to working with the Pentagon, Bloomberg suggested.
"Google's attitude toward military work may be changing as its cloud business competes with AWS, Microsoft and other rivals," according to Bloomberg.
"The U.S. government is already a big cloud customer and the Pentagon is looking to the technology sector for new tools and strategies, including AI."
© 2018 San Jose Mercury News under contract with NewsEdge/Acquire Media. All rights reserved.
Image credit: U.S. Cyber Command.
EAST BEND — The Mount Airy tennis team is off and rolling now.
The Granite Bears hit the road for a showdown with Forbush, and ran off a long run of dominating singles victories on the way to an 8-1 victory on Monday evening.
Mount Airy, now 4-2 overall and ranked sixth among the state's 1A teams by the N.C. Tennis Coaches Association, won the Nos. 3 through six singles matches in rapid-fire succession, with no one losing more than three games in any match. Only at the top of the lineup did the Falcons offer any resistance. Both of the top two singles matches went to a tiebreaker set, and Forbush got its only team point when the same two players beat Emory Bray and Harrison Morris in the No. 1 doubles match. However, this came at the end of the day and the Bears were ahead 8-0 when it wrapped up.
Mount Airy's No. 4 player, Kaleb Morrison, was the first to end his singles match, defeating Seth Anderson 6-0, 6-1. Shortly after that one wrapped up, No. 5 Owen Perkins claimed a double-bagel win for the second time this season, blanking the Falcons' Alex Pena. At third singles, Forbush's Peyton Eldridge did a little better, actually scoring a service break to open set two, but nowhere near good enough as Hunter Eaton won the last six games for a 6-2, 6-1 victory.
At No. 6, Forbush again won three games, but Cayden Hill's only real hiccup in a 6-2, 6-1 victory was blowing a service game at 3-0 in set two. He recovered from this by winning out over Jaeden Gage to put the Bears up 4-0.
The top two singles matches were much tougher. Bray put himself into a hole against Forbush's Matt Wilhelm by coughing up a break at 2-1 in the first set. He eventually held at 5-6 and forced a tiebreaker, but Wilhelm won seven of the nine points to win the set. In set two, Bray got the upper hand when he won a break to lead 3-2, but Wilhelm immediately broke back. Bray ended up taking set two by breaking Wilhelm two more times, forcing a tiebreaker where he won seven of the last eight points, finally winning 6-7 (2-7), 6-4, 1-0 (10-4).
Morris started off poorly against Lance Kennedy, losing the first three games and dropping set one decisively. He trailed 3-4 after seven games in the second set, but then won three games in a row to even things up and take it to a tiebreaker. In the tiebreaker, the two split the first six games before Kennedy won three in a row. Morris scrambled back to 7-8 and then won the next two points to lead, and finally pulled it out 12-10 in extra points, 2-6, 6-4, 1-0 (12-10).
Mount Airy already had the team win, but the teams still played the doubles. Morrison and Perkins blanked Eldridge and Anderson to take the No. 2 match. At No. 3, Eaton and Ryan Graham teamed up for an 8-2 win over Pena and Edgar Markman, winning the first five games and then cruising from there.
The No. 1 doubles match was competitive, but Bray and Morris had difficulty holding their serve and it cost them. Wilhelm and Kennedy broke them three times and claimed an 8-3 revenge victory.
The Bears will host Reagan today, weather permitting.
A runner not far from the finish line at the 2014 Los Angeles Marathon was so exhausted, two good Samaritans helped him finish the race.The struggling marathoner, drenched in sweat and stumbling as he walked, was held by two strangers on each side of him.Both helpers appear to cheer him on as all three approach the finish line together.
Tuesday - Thundery showers mainly over northern and eastern Singapore in the afternoon.
Wednesday - Late morning and early afternoon thundery showers.
A Niagara Falls man has built what he says is the world's only fully automated metal Terminator — or T-800 for the nerds out there.
The life-sized movie model, which is made of aluminum and stainless steel, is complete with eyes that light up red, terminator music, moves its body and even has a voice — Arnie's voice from the movie.
The project was a dream of Derek Costello's, a retired Niagara Falls resident, who says he's a big fan of the movie franchise.
“I've seen the movies a thousand times. Terminator 1, Terminator 2, Judgement Day.”
During the building, Costello didn't stray away from accurate details.
Even the teeth are modelled after the real Arnold Schwarzenegger's teeth, he says.
He says he knows children these days will pick out anything that's wrong.
“You know, if you make one mistake building the thing, the kids go ‘you can't have that, that's gotta be right,' so all this I had to do exactly like the movie.”
Costello says some parts took him a couple attempts to get just right.
Terminator even has his own green card, which was necessary to take it to Buffalo comic-con, one of four comic-cons that it will be making an appearance at this year.
Costello says he was surprised to find out that his Terminator is unique in being the only metal one in the world.
“I thought I was just doing one of the ones from the movies. But the ones from the movies were all made from plastic.”
As far as he knows, there are no other Terminator figures like his.
Costello made every part himself, from shaping the metal for the face to rounding off the metal for the fingers. The final price tag, he says, was around $7,000.
“I had to make everything. There's nothing you can buy.”
The model was all constructed in Costello's garage in his spare time. He says it took four months to build, working around five hours a day. But the reward of having completed it in January was worth it for him.
Costello says the neighbourhood kids love to come and see it.
The figure says iconic phrases such as I'll be back and Come with me if you want to live.
He controls the Terminator from a station that looks like it's straight out of the Wizard of Oz, the whole time looking more excited than a child on Christmas.
This isn't a first for Costello, who has created other figures for museums in the past.
In addition to Buffalo, the Terminator will be at comic cons in London and Ottawa this year.
Comic cons are held around the world and include various forms of entertainment genres and comic-related themes.
Last week we reported SZA was abruptly pulled from TDE's Championship Tour, due to swollen vocal chords. As a result, she missed two shows in Arizona and New Mexico. Hoping to get back on track, she took the stage last night as TDE rolled through Madison Square Garden.
While fans were more than happy to see her, SZA wasn't too pleased with her voice. Shortly after exiting the stage she posted few concerning tweets. “My voice is permanently injured. Great!!!!!!.” She goes on to say “Tonight was the test. That settles that.”
Going into retreat mode, her last tweet reads “I just want to be left alone my priorities are fucked up. They have been fucked up. I need space goodbye.”
However, the tweets have since been deleted. Still, it is quite obvious the soulful singer has reached a point of frustration. With no official word from doctors or the Top Dawg himself, there are still shows left on tour. Let's hope the damage is not permanent and she is able to give full attention to her health once the tour is complete.
Reigns: Her Majesty
Jessica Conditt
Senior Editor
I like to play a little game whenever I'm posted up somewhere with ample people-watching opportunities: It's called "Tinder or Reigns?" Playing Reigns: Her Majesty looks a lot like scrolling through Tinder -- one thumb swiping left or right -- and I enjoy guessing which app people are actually using as they're lost in their phones. I deeply hope (but supremely doubt) most folks are playing Reigns.
Reigns: Her Majesty is a sequel that functions a lot like the original mobile game: You're the ruler of an ancient kingdom, and on each turn you get to make a choice about how the whole thing is run. Each decision affects various aspects of the kingdom, such as finances, the church, public affection and the military. If your score in any of these topics gets too low -- or too high -- you're killed (usually in a brutal fashion) and you start up again as a new ruler.
There's so much more to it than that -- Reigns is a rich fantasy world populated by early science experiments, demons and witches, all veiled by the spectacle of palace intrigue. It's bite-sized and vast -- and so much more fun than Tinder.
Assassin's Creed: Origins
Timothy J. Seppala
Reporter
I'm a sucker for taking video game screenshots. It stems from my days writing reviews for print magazines where I had editors dead set against using the same press assets that everyone else had. This generation of hardware has made screenshotting incredibly easy, and has given rise to in-game photo modes. Typically, Sony's first party games set the bar for DSLR-like controls, but Assassin's Creed: Origins bucks that trend. Its feature set, combined with the atypical Egypt setting, mean making progress through the narrative is slow-going because I'm always stopping to grab a photo of an ancient temple or pyramid.
A lot of this comes down to how powerful the adjustable focus point and the depth of field controls are. I'm not limited to focusing on the center of a shot. Instead, Origins gives me full control of the focus point. Once I have composition set, clicking the left stick takes me to edit mode where, as I move the left stick about the frame, the focal point follows suit. From there, I'm able to adjust the depth of field slider to get the amount of bokeh I want. The depth of field looked like a cheap blur filter on my launch Xbox One, but the more powerful One X makes it look much more natural, in addition to pumping up the visual fidelity.
None of the screenshots I've taken will ever pass for DSLR photos, of course, but it's not like I have a time machine (or an animus) to take me back to Ra's Egypt. So, until science advances to the point where I can live out my ancestors' memories stored in my DNA, this will have to do.
Yakuza 0
Nick Summers
Associate Editor
At the core of Yakuza 0 is a gripping and tremendously well-written tale about murder, honor and revenge. If you follow the main storyline and ignore everything else, you'll have a great time fighting through the streets of Tokyo and Osaka as the game's dual protagonists Kazuma Kiryu and Goro Majima. You will, however, miss out on a massive part of what makes the series so special. Both cities are filled with people who have bizarre and occasionally heart-breaking stories to tell. Solve their problems and you'll feel closer to each neighborhood; a true protector with friends on every street corner.
I was passing through Ashitaba Park, for instance, when I spotted an older gentleman staring at a young boy. I was curious and a little concerned, so I walked over and said hello. It turns out the man, Akatani, was in so much trouble with the yakuza that he had to fake his death and surgically alter his face. His wife and son have no idea that he's still alive; Akatani is afraid to approach them in case the mafia figures out his true identity and takes them as hostages. Instead, he watches his son, Yusuke, from afar in the park, forever longing to reach out and say hello.
I was surprised and moved by his story. As I ran across the city and completed other quests, I made sure to stop by and see how Akatani was doing. His side-story develops in an unusual way; eventually, a group of mobsters grows curious and begin to question Akatani's history. I step in, of course, and scare them away with a few well-timed punches and roundhouse kicks. The family is a little confused but express their gratitude. Here, I expected Akatani to come forward and reveal his true identity to them. But because he knew full well the danger it would put them in, he didn't.
I couldn't help but respect the man, despite his criminal past. Eventually we said our goodbyes and I moved on, hungry for other adventures. But as the hours rolled by I kept thinking about Akatani and his sad, lonely existence. What he must have been going through as I gulped down ramen and played Space Harrier in the arcade. It made me feel bad. In the game, his side quest was over, but a large part of me wanted to reach out and somehow continue our strange friendship.
Yakuza 0 is filled with side stories like this. They enrich the world and make it feel like a real, lived-in place. If you haven't played the game yet, or if you completed it with a "critical path" mentality, I implore you to go back and look around for a while. What you'll find is just as valuable and rewarding as the main storyline. Plus, it's nice to just stop and smell the digital roses sometimes.
"IRL" is a recurring column in which the Engadget staff run down what they're buying, using, playing and streaming.
U.S. Capitol Police officers David Bailey and Crystal Griner were identified by House Speaker Paul Ryan as the two special agents injured in the shooting at a congressional baseball practice in Alexandria, Virginia.
Bailey and Griner were protecting House Majority Whip Steve Scalise, currently the third-highest Republican in the House. Nine other members of Congress have protective details because of their positions. Special Agent Henry Cabrera was also protecting Scalise but was not injured in the shooting.
"I want to commend Special Agents Crystal Griner, David Bailey and Henry Cabrera for their heroic and appropriate response in protecting the members and others today," said Capitol Police Chief Matthew Verderosa.
According to Verderosa, Griner was shot in the ankle and is in good condition in a hospital. Bailey sustained a minor injury, was treated and has been released.
Congressional staffer Zack Barth, who was shot, has also been released from a hospital, according to a family spokesperson. Scalise and lobbyist Matt Mika remain in critical condition, according to MedStar Washington and a statement from Mika's family.
Ryan said he spoke with both special agents Wednesday morning.
"One was being treated, and one was about to go into surgery," he said. "I expressed our profound gratitude to them."
"It is clear to me, based on various eyewitness accounts, that without these two heroes, Agent Bailey and Agent Griner, many lives would have been lost," said Ryan, who got a standing ovation in the House chamber.
Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul, one of the GOP lawmakers at the scene of the attack, said, "Had they not been there, it would have been a massacre."
The Capitol Police occasionally assigns an officer to attend baseball practices, on a case-by-case basis.
"There's usually a Capitol Police officer in a car in a parking lot several hundred yards away but no one on near the field like the Scalise detail was," said Matt Dinkel, the spokesman for Rep. Mike Doyle, the Democratic team's coach. "That was the situation today."
"The United States Capitol Police is dedicated to its mission to protect the U.S. Capitol, members of Congress, staff and the visiting public," said Verderosa, "today we saw how our officers' extensive training and quick response saved lives."
At a press conference Wednesday afternoon, Rep. Roger Williams, R-Texas, choked up while crediting Griner and Bailey for preventing the deaths of the 25 elected officials on the field and the 15 staffers who joined them.
"There will be those who talk about what's wrong with America, but in this case, Officers Griner and Bailey, we saw what's right with America," Williams said. "We saw two people risk their lives to save the lives of others. We saw courage in the face of death, and we saw examples of why all Americans should be grateful every day for law enforcement officers around this country."
Griner and Bailey were widely praised for their role in preventing a massacre on the baseball field today.
Praying for those injured at this morning's practice. I'm especially thankful to the US Capitol Police who risked their lived to protect us. — Mo Brooks (@RepMoBrooks) June 14, 2017
Always so grateful for the US Capitol Police officers. Their bravery saved lives in VA this morning. Thank you. — Chuck Schumer (@SenSchumer) June 14, 2017
"Many lives would have been lost if not for the heroic actions of the two Capitol Police officers who took down the gunman." -@POTUS — Vice President Pence (@VP) June 14, 2017
If you're around the Capitol, please thank the dedicated men and women of the @CapitolPolice. They always deserve it, but especially today. — Raja Krishnamoorthi (@CongressmanRaja) June 14, 2017
Capitol Police deserve gratitude for heroism; stops shooter of GOP Congressmen in VA; thank God for sacrifice of law enforcement. — Gov. Mike Huckabee (@GovMikeHuckabee) June 14, 2017
ABC News' Ali Rogin, John Parkinson and Mary Bruce contributed to this report.
Investor Interest Coming Back to Biotech
John Vandermosten is currently a Senior Biotechnology Research Analyst for Zacks Investment Research where he covers a portfolio of small-cap biotechnology names. His background includes 17 years of experience in a variety of investment management and research roles across all market cap ranges and throughout the capital structure. Formerly, Mr. Vandermosten was a Research Analyst for Singular Research covering the health care space and a Consultant with Coker Group, a national health care services firm providing financial advisory, investment banking, healthcare IT and other services to hospitals and other health care organizations. At Coker Group he consulted with clients in a variety of strategic and financial areas, including asset valuations, due diligence and transactions. Prior to his role as a Sellside Analyst and Consultant, he was a Portfolio Manager at Westwood Holdings Group and covered health care and other spaces as Research Analyst. Mr. Vandermosten also worked at the Teacher Retirement System of Texas as Investment Analyst on the agency's large-cap call overwriting fund. He has an MBA from Texas A&M University, an M.A. from Tulane University and a B.A. from San Diego State University. He has also earned the Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) designation and is a member of the CFA Society of Dallas. Profile
Mr. Vandermosten: I cover small-cap biotechnology stocks with market caps from 10 million to several hundreds of million of dollars. I focus on
Senior Democrats have warned President Donald Trump not to use a controversial memo as a “pretext” to fire the special counsel investigating alleged Russian involvement in the US election.
They warned that such action could trigger a constitutional crisis not seen since the Nixon era.
The memo, written by Republicans, accuses the FBI of abusing its powers.
President Trump approved the declassification of the memo and said it revealed a disgraceful story.
It accuses the FBI and the justice department of using an unsubstantiated and Democratic-funded report to obtain the warrant that gave permission to spy on an aide to Mr Trump.
Democrats said the release of the memo was aimed at disrupting investigations into alleged links between the Trump campaign and the Kremlin.
President Trump has consistently denied any such collusion.
The FBI had warned against the memo's release and said key facts had been omitted.
What have Democrats said?
Democrats say the memo, released on Friday, is a “shameful effort to discredit” the FBI and inquiries into Russian meddling.
In a statement, Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, House Minority Nancy Pelosi and eight other senior Democrats warned Mr Trump against trying to sack special counsel Robert Mueller or the deputy attorney general, Rod Rosenstein.
“We write to inform you that we would consider such an unwarranted action as an attempt to obstruct justice in the Russia investigation,” the statement said.
They said such action could result in a constitutional crisis not seen since the 1970s when then President Richard Nixon gave orders to fire justice officials involved in the Watergate scandal.
The White House later said “no changes” would be made at the Department of Justice and Mr Rosenstein was fully expected to continue in his job.
What is in the memo?
It focuses on the court-approved wiretapping of Carter Page, a foreign policy adviser to the Trump campaign who was put under electronic surveillance by the FBI.
But the memo accuses the FBI and the justice department of using unsubstantiated evidence to obtain the October 2016 warrant.
It says that they did not tell the authorities their claim to the warrant was partially based on a dossier funded in part by the rival campaign of Hillary Clinton.
It also says that the author of that dossier, a former British intelligence agent called Christopher Steele, told a senior justice department official that he was “desperate” that Donald Trump should not win the vote.
The Democrats have drafted their own 10-page rebuttal memo, which is said to show that the FBI was more forthcoming with the surveillance court than the Republicans say.
According to unnamed officials quoted by US media, the FBI and justice department did tell the court that information it had received from Mr Steele was politically motivated.
One official told the Washington Post that the Department of Justice made “ample disclosure” to the court of facts that revealed “the research was being paid for by a political entity”. However, the FBI did not say the dossier was financed by Democrats, sources told the New York Times.
The White House said President Trump “would be inclined” to release the Democrats' memo, as long as it has been reviewed for security purposes.
What have Republicans said?
Republicans who support the release of their own memo say it exposes malpractice and political bias within the FBI and justice department.
Mr Trump said a lot of people should be “ashamed of themselves” when asked about its contents.
Earlier on Friday the president accused top officials of politicising FBI and justice department investigations to damage his Republican party.
Devin Nunes, who commissioned the memo, has said it shows “serious violations” of public trust and he hopes it will trigger reforms.
Mr Page said he would use the memo in upcoming legal action against the justice department.
But not all Republicans supported the release of the memo.
Senator John McCain accused his party colleagues, and Mr Trump, of playing into the hands of Russian President Vladimir Putin.
“Our nation's elected officials, including the president, must stop looking at this investigation through the warped lens of politics and manufacturing partisan sideshows,” he said in a statement.
“If we continue to undermine our own rule of law, we are doing Putin's job for him.”
What other reaction has there been?
Former FBI Director James Comey, who was fired by President Trump in May, tweeted that the memo was “dishonest and misleading” and would negatively impact intelligence agencies' ties to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (Fisa) court system.
The current director, Christopher Wray, in an email to staff, said: “Talk is cheap; the work you do is what will endure.
“I stand by our shared determination to do our work independently and by the book. I stand with you,” he said. BBC News
FILE- In this Tuesday, Sept. 19, 2017 file photo, England's Johnny Bairstow, right, and England's Ben Stokes leave the pitch after England beat the West Indies by seven wickets during the first One Day International match between England and West Indies at Old Trafford in Manchester, England. England cricketers Jonny Bairstow, Jake Ball and Liam Plunkett have been punished for off-field misbehavior. (AP Photo/Rui Vieira, File)
LONDON (AP) — Three more England cricketers were punished Friday for off-field misbehavior, a week after Ben Stokes and Alex Hales were suspended from national-team duty following an incident on a night out.
Jonny Bairstow, Jake Ball and Liam Plunkett each accepted a written warning and were handed an undisclosed fine, the England and Wales Cricket Board said, following an investigation into their "unprofessional conduct" during the recent ODI series against the West Indies.
The investigation was unrelated to that involving Stokes and Hales, who have been suspended on full pay and are the subject of a separate disciplinary hearing.
Stokes was arrested after video footage purportedly showed England's test vice-captain throwing punches in a street fight. Hales was out with Stokes that night and both are under investigation.
As it stands, Stokes will not travel with England for the upcoming tour of Australia despite being selected in the squad. England's players fly out on Oct. 28 and the tour starts Nov. 4.
"No final decision has been taken on his involvement in Australia," England said Friday about Stokes.
To cover for the potential absence of Stokes, England added fast bowler Steven Finn to its 16-man test squad for the Ashes series.
Stokes and Hales did have their central contracts renewed, however.
ERIN, Wis. - The United States Golf Association has taken several steps to avoid the rules controversy that marred last year's U.S. Open at Oakmont won by Dustin Johnson, including setting up four on-course video locations to assist in speeding up rulings.
Also, for the first time, the U.S. Open that begins Thursday at Erin Hills will have a chief referee, Thomas Pagel, who is "empowered to make instantaneous decisions,'' according to John Bodenhamer, the USGA's managing director of rules, competitions and equipment standards.
Pagel is part of a five-person rules committee and is the USGA's senior director of rules and amateur status.
"Through our work over the last 12 months, we have learned a great deal,'' Bodenhamer said. "And our focus over those months has primarily been three things. First, to expedite our ruling process in ensure that we're more timely in our rulings. To be decisive in our decision making. And to more effectively community communicate to the players and all of you."
?The enhanced use of technology entails four video review locations along with various rules officials having the use of tablets, helping rules officials move more quickly to make decisions.
The USGA has also transitioned to a stationary referee model instead of assigning walking referees to each group. There will be two referees stationed at each of the non-par 3 holes.
The USGA's Mike Davis also addressed criticism that came from players Rory McIlroy and Jordan Spieth in response to officials cutting back the fescue rough on several holes.
McIlroy, especially, was surprised that the USGA would do that, given the unusually wide fairways at Erin Hills.
"We make a decision to modify a golf course, whether it's green speeds, rough, directions we're mowing, how much water we're applying or not applying .. . it's not as if we don't listen to feedback from players,'' said Davis, the executive director of the USGA. "But I will tell you in this case, it had absolutely zero to do with what the players were saying. We looked at some spots and we said this is simply not going to play properly.''
Leave it to Gisele Bündchen to kick off 2017 in the most idyllic setting ever.
The supermodel took to Instagram on Monday to share a video of herself singing and strumming the guitar during a stunning sunset — and it's about as picture-perfect as you can imagine.
“Thank you @AnaVilelaoficial for such a truthful song,” the Brazilian-born star gushed in her caption, which she wrote in both English and Portuguese. “The lyrics are so inspiring that I decided to take a risk and play it. #sendinglove.”
Bündchen, 36, went on to sing the song Trem-Bala by artist Ana Vilela in Portuguese, wearing a white cover-up and a yellow flower in her hair as the sun twinkled behind her, reflecting on the pool overlooking the ocean.
The mother of three also included the English translation of the lyrics to the song for her followers.
And that's actually not the first time the model has shown off her musical tendencies: She's sung in commercials for H&M in the past and sang/played the guitar in two videos for Chanel fragrances last year.
Bündchen, who is married to New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady, also shared an inspiring message for her followers about heading into the new year.
“Let's let go of what no longer serves us and embrace with an open heart all the experiences that life will bring us in this New Year, co-creating the beautiful world we wan to live in,” she captioned a picture of herself leaping across a beach. “#happynewyear #love #peace #joy #compassion #positivity #consciousness.”
After OnTheWight revealed in March this year about the return of Jay Jayasundara to the Isle of Wight, the Cabinet are now discussing the interim appointment of the PFI expert to make savings for the council on the contract he was the architect of. In their own words. Ed
The Isle of Wight Council plans to save £40 million through changes to its contract with Island Roads.
The proposed move could achieve a potential saving of £2 million a year for the council for the remaining two decades of the 25-year deal.
Interim appointment of Jay Jayasundara
While the local authority recognises the current arrangements have delivered significant improvements to the Island's highways infrastructure, it believes the savings can be achieved.
Next week, Cabinet members will consider the interim appointment of Jasmine Consulting UK, which has detailed knowledge of the contract through its director and former council employee Jay Jayasundara, to start work on the savings programme.
It follows preliminary investigations carried out by the company earlier this year.
Metcalfe: “Jay Jayasundara is an expert … with this contract”
Council Chief Executive, John Metcalfe, said:
“Although the arrangement with Island Roads has delivered great progress to date, it's right and proper we look at our big contracts, given they are long-term commitments. “Jay Jayasundara is an expert in this field and with this contract, which he was instrumental in setting up in 2013. “His work earlier this year was important in identifying possible savings, which would help the council's finances moving forward. “Our need to save another £16.5 million over the next three years is well documented and must be achieved. “It has to be right that we do everything we can to find savings on contracts like these. “The council has decided this is the best way of kick-starting it, as we move forward with the aim of achieving the best value for money. “We're also keen to ensure our successful partnership with Island Roads continues because it's clear to everyone how much our road network has improved. “We're confident this work can achieve both of those objectives.”
Programme to cost up to £200,000
The existing contract attracted unprecedented government investment into the Island's infrastructure and has already yielded savings of around £5 million since 2013, compared to previous spending on highways.
The interim arrangements to achieve further savings will cost £70,000 and will be in place while the council conducts an open procurement process for support to deliver the longer-term programme, costing up to £200,000.
The Cabinet meets at County Hall, Newport, at 5pm on Thursday 12 July.
The paper
Full details can be found in the paper below.
Image: Images Money under CC BY 2.0
Location map
View the location of this story.
The place where millions of girls first got their ears pierced has filed for chapter 11 protection.Claire's is looking to reduce its debt by $1.9 billion.The tween jewelry store chain says it will keep all 1,600 Claire's and Icing brand stores in the United States open during the debt restructuring.International stores are not part of the agreement.The company declared bankruptcy Monday.Claire's is the latest US retailer to seek financial help from a bankruptcy court.Toys R Us announced last week it will liquidate all of its stores in the U.S.
Technavio's latest report on the global underwater acoustic modem market provides an analysis of the most important trends expected to impact the market outlook from 2017 2021. Technavio defines an emerging trend as a factor that has the potential to significantly impact the market and contribute to its growth or decline.
The global underwater acoustic modem market is expected to grow at a CAGR of close to 13% during the forecast period. Underwater acoustic modems are the major components used for underwater communication. These devices are the backbone for underwater and marine communication, navigation, and location-based services. The defense sector is increasingly adopting underwater modems for communication between submarines. With every region trying to build a strong marine defense, the adoption of these modems has increased.
Jujhar Singh, a lead analyst from Technavio, specializing in research on embedded systems sector, says, "The increase in oil and gas mining worldwide, especially in emerging economies such as Brazil, Russia, India, China, and South Africa, is expected to be a major driver of revenue growth in the underwater acoustic modem market during the forecast period. These underwater acoustic modems are used for pipeline monitoring systems, environmental monitoring systems, and oceanographic instrumentation in oil fields and plants."
This report is available at a USD 1,000 discount for a limited time only: View market snapshot before purchasing
Buy 1 Technavio report and get the second for 50% off. Buy 2 Technavio reports and get the third for free.
The top three emerging trends driving the global underwater acoustic modem market according to Technavio research analysts are:
Looking for more information on this market? Request a free sample report
Technavio's sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report including the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more.
Introduction of modems with expanded memory option and data logger standards
Underwater acoustic modems gather data and smart information and are used for the transfer of various information. With the increase in the amount of information being transferred daily, there is a need for expanded memory slots in modems to store large volumes of information. Also, there is a need for data logger standards to accommodate historical data logs and keep ample memory space for future use.
"Teledyne Marine, a group of leading-edge undersea technology companies, is already manufacturing ATM-900 Series modems with the expanded memory feature. Other leading vendors are expected to follow this trend during the forecast period," according to Jujhar.
Use of corrosion-resistant materials to improve lifespan of modems
The use of technologies, such as GPS and Wi-Fi, beneath the water surface, is possible because of the adoption of underwater acoustic modems. Modems have a short lifespan because they are largely used underwater and are prone to corrosion. Therefore, vendors are developing acoustic modems that are made of corrosion-resistant materials. These acoustic modems have a hard-coat anodized aluminum composite housing that makes them resistant to corrosion and increases their lifespan. The 920 Series ATM-925 by Teledyne is an example of this type of modem.
Advent of Internet of Underwater Things
The IoT is the latest trend in the global technology arena. The IoT can connect billions of devices worldwide, including TVs, laptops, coffee makers, automated door locks, wearable devices, mobile phones, and GPS-enabled pet trackers, with the Internet. During the forecast period, the market will witness the development of the Internet of Underwater Things.
With the rapid growth in the IoT, there will be an increase in the network of smart devices connecting all systems, from home appliances to shipping containers underwater. For instance, submarine robots communicate in a way that is similar to dolphins and whales that use underwater sonar.
The key vendors are as follows:
Browse Related Reports:
About Technavio
Technavio is a leading global technology research and advisory company. Their research and analysis focuses on emerging market trends and provides actionable insights to help businesses identify market opportunities and develop effective strategies to optimize their market positions.
With over 500 specialized analysts, Technavio's report library consists of more than 10,000 reports and counting, covering 800 technologies, spanning across 50 countries. Their client base consists of enterprises of all sizes, including more than 100 Fortune 500 companies. This growing client base relies on Technavio's comprehensive coverage, extensive research, and actionable market insights to identify opportunities in existing and potential markets and assess their competitive positions within changing market scenarios.
If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com. $page_length='long'; ?>
SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — A UPS employee opened fire at a San Francisco package delivery facility on Wednesday, injuring four and prompting a massive police response in a neighborhood near downtown, officials said.
UPS spokesman Steve Gaut told The Associated Press that an employee fired inside the facility before the drivers were sent out to do their normal daily deliveries. Gaut said four people were injured and that he believed the shooter "turned the gun on himself."
Gaut and hospital officials did not have immediate information about anyone's condition.
Zuckerberg San Francisco General Hospital received the victims, spokesman Brent Andrew said, but he did not know exactly how many people.
Auto shop owner Robert Kim said he heard about five to eight rapid gunshots. The next thing he knew, he said, "a mob of UPS drivers" was running down the street screaming "shooter, shooter."
Police confirmed the shooting at the facility in the Potrero Hill neighborhood, about 2 ½ miles from downtown San Francisco but didn't release further information.
Uniformed UPS employees were later led out in a line by officers next to a highway. They walked away calmly with emergency vehicles nearby and gathered nearby outside a restaurant.
The shooting led to a massive police response and a shelter-in-place warning for the surrounding area.
It came the same day a gunman opened fire on Republican lawmakers at a congressional baseball practice, wounding U.S. Rep. Steve Scalise of Louisiana and several others.
FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. (CBSNewYork/AP) — In chilling cellphone videos released Wednesday, the suspect in a February massacre at a Florida high school announced his intention to become the next school shooter, aiming to kill at least 20 people and saying “you're all going to die.”
The three videos released by prosecutors were found on the cellphone of suspect Nikolas Cruz after the Feb. 14 shooting at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School that killed 17 people and injured 17 others.
Cruz, wearing a ball cap, introduces himself in the first video and says he is “going to be the next school shooter of 2018.” He goes on to say that he wants to use an AR-15 to kill at least 20 people and specifies the high school in Parkland. The videos are undated, but on one he says, “Today is the day. Today it all begins. The day of my massacre shall begin.”
“When you see me on the news, you'll all know who I am,” he says in another and then laughs. “You're all going to die. … Can't wait.”
In a second video, Cruz briefly discusses logistics, including that he will take Uber to campus about 2:40. He then says he'll walk onto campus, go up some stairs, open his bag to take out his weapon and start firing. School surveillance video shows that was almost exactly what he did —the only difference being that he arrived at the school at 2:19 p.m.
In the third video, the camera apparently pointed at pavement, he talks about his loneliness, anger and hatred, and announces that the “day of my massacre shall begin.”
“I live a lone life. I live in seclusion and solitude. I hate everyone and everything. But the power of my AR you will all know who I am. I had enough of being told what to do and when to do,” he says. “I had enough of being told what to do and when to do. I had enough of being told that I'm an idiot and a dumbass. You're all stupid and brainwashed by the political and government programs.”
He also referenced a former girlfriend, saying “I hope to see you in the afterlife.”
Cruz is charged with 17 counts of murder and 17 counts of attempted murder in the attack. His lawyers have repeatedly said Cruz would plead guilty if guaranteed a sentence of life without parole, but prosecutors refuse to waive the death penalty. Cruz, 19, is a former Stoneman Douglas student.
The Broward State Attorney's Office released the video because under Florida law, with few exceptions, evidence becomes a public record when it is turned over to the defendant's attorneys as part of the pretrial discovery process. Cruz's attorneys say they did not request evidence such as video from inside the building where the massacre happened and autopsy reports so they would not become public and “further hurt and inflame the victims' families and the community.”
“This is an awful case and today is more of that awfulness and further shows how severely broken a human being the defendant is,” Broward County Public Defender Howard Finklestein, whose office is representing Cruz, said in a statement.
Cruz spent several years at a school for children with emotional disabilities before being allowed to transfer to Stoneman Douglas. He spent several months there before being kicked out. His late mother also called 911 on him almost 20 times over the years and he had a history of killing animals then posting images on the internet and taking body parts as souvenirs.
(© Copyright 2018 CBS Broadcasting Inc. All Rights Reserved. The Associated Press contributed to this report.)
12:52 Reported News Briefs Tevet 4, 5777 , 02/01/17 Tevet 4, 5777 , 02/01/17 Netanyahu might be toppled – but Judea/Samaria will be saved Read more
Magazine editor sees police investigation against Netanyahu as leading to Israeli sovereignty over parts of Judea and Samaria. ► ◄ Last Briefs
UNIVERSAL
Lord in heaven help me, I cannot get enough of the Fast & Furious drama. I know it's ugly to admit. And hypocritical, too, as I have a long and storied history of scoffing dismissively at headlines about the Kardashian family and their assorted doings. But I can't help it. It's like oxygen to me. Or NOS, if we want to keep our metaphors on-brand, which we do and always should. And it keeps getting messier. I've stopped typing this paragraph two separate times to see if anyone else has called out a cast member on Instagram, by name or implication. I'll probably stop again after this sentence. It's not a sustainable situation.
But let's back up. There's history here. Quite a bit of it, dating back over a year. We should start with that.
August 8, 2016 — The Rock fires a shot
With filming about to wrap on the franchise's eighth film, The Fate of the Furious, which we later discover features The Rock punching a torpedo, The Rock logs into his Instagram and punches a metaphorical torpedo. After a sentence or two about how great the crew and studio were, he switches gears and says this:
“My female co-stars are always amazing and I love 'em. My male co-stars however are a different story. Some conduct themselves as stand up men and true professionals, while others don't. The ones that don't are too chicken sh-t to do anything about it anyway. Candy asses.”
Many assume this is a promotional stunt, with The Rock taking a page out of his old WWE playbook to get people hyped up. But reports soon follow that the post was about his co-star, Vin Diesel, and that the two of them had been butting heads on set like two rams attempting to establish dominance, which is a lot of fun to picture, like, for real.
August 11, 2016 — Tyrese takes a side
Three days after The Rock's post, with drama percolating and the world — mostly me — fascinated by the developing feud, Tyrese goes on Instagram and takes a side in an ellipses-filled post.
Our brotherhood and every moment have inspired me to be a better man and father…. So much strength to pull from….. I'm so f-cking proud to call you my family and my brother…. even now I'm learning so much about sitting still and being centered in the mist of all of this unexpected energy……. I've always said that if ONLY people knew how hard you work to protect this franchise and characters, minds would be blown
The post doesn't mention anyone by name, but its message is clear. Tyrese is Team Vin.
August 19, 2016 — A curious omission
Damage control is underway. While no one has officially backtracked, both sides have attempted to cool things off a bit. The Rock says conflict can be a good thing. There were reports of a secret meeting between him and Vin Diesel. Things appeared to be calming down. But then The Rock posted the above message on Instagram, in which he shouted out pretty much everyone involved in the film except Vin Diesel. Was this an innocent omission? Or was it a subliminal shot? Many members of the media — still just me — stay awake at night wondering what it all means, and if their — my — dads will ever stop fighting.
Okpekpe Road Race Appoints Ecobank Mobile App as Official Bank Service Platform – P.M. News
Do you have something awesome to share with the world? Click here to share
Do you ever have any question about anything you wish to ask and get answer? Click here to ask
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
This post was syndicated from Sports - Google News. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
By Ernie Palladino
» More Ernie Palladino Columns
Victor Cruz belongs to the Giants' past now, his present ridden out by the future.
In the end, $7.5 million was just too much for general manager Jerry Reese to spend on a third wide receiver, even an immensely popular one whose name should ultimately end up in the team's Ring of Honor. Even one whose star rose in such improbable fashion and burned bright enough to make the salsa the coolest end zone dance in the NFL.
For all those who might criticize Reese for turning the chant of “C-R-U-U-U-U-Z” into a memory with one stroke of pen to ledger Monday, let them be reminded that the salary cap era leaves little room for sentimentality.
For a team that would love to re-sign defensive end Jason Pierre-Paul, take a run at free agent defensive tackle Jonathan Hankins, and acquire at least one, if not two, offensive lineman, the $10 million of cap space they cleared by cutting Cruz and the equally classy but obsolete running back Rashad Jennings will come in awfully handy.
MORE: Mike Francesa: Victor Cruz's Giants Career Was Surprising, Not His Release
It is the Cruz cut that stings, though. He earned his popularity, not through the me-first bragadoccio of so many modern athletes, but through good, hard work. His rise from undrafted, small-school longshot in 2010 to the Giants' main receiver from the Super Bowl year of 2011 to 2012 made him a household name in East Rutherford. His return from a devastating patellar tendon injury in 2014 and subsequent calf problems that kept him sidelined in 2015 inspired more than one young athlete to power through the curveballs life serves up.
None of that could save him from the future, however. Odell Beckham, still far from 30 and twice as quick as Cruz ever was, has grabbed the receiving spotlight with both hands, and has no intention of letting it go anytime soon.
Sterling Shepard, a healthy route-runner extraordinaire heading into his second year, has Cruz's old slot position locked down. If the crowd liked his work last year, they'll love him this year as Eli Manning's trust in my grows.
MORE: Keidel: Victor Cruz's Underdog Story Won't Soon Be Forgotten
Those two are the future. There was simply no room for a high-pay receiver who, at least in the mind of head coach Ben McAdoo, no longer merited more than a couple looks per game.
Cruz might have been happy with a pay cut, but Reese actually did him a favor. For one who came so far at the beginning and worked so hard to get back at the end, it might have been downright cruel to bring him to camp as a cut-rate vet taking the practice scraps younger third and fourth options like Roger Lewis and Tavarres King leave him.
At least now he can try to find work elsewhere. Buffalo could use a leader like Cruz. Wouldn't it be something if Bill Belichick, collector of the old and unwanted, picked him up for a run at a sixth Lombardi Trophy?
His career should not end with this. He still gets downfield, though not with the regularity of the old Victor. For a team searching for a good slot receiver who fears nothing but inactivity, Cruz still has value.
His departure from the Giants was simple salary cap-era finances. His money is needed elsewhere. Since he was not going to overtake Beckham or Shepard, Cruz became expendable.
It happens like that all over the league these days.
But it doesn't mean the MetLife Stadium crowd will miss him any less.
Or ever forget him.
Follow Ernie on Twitter at @ErniePalladino
REDLANDS, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Apr 23, 2018--Esri, the global leader in spatial analytics, today announced that it is releasing the Intelligence Configuration for ArcGIS Pro (ICAP), a workstation for intelligence analysts. ICAP leverages ArcGIS Pro SDK to provide a custom managed configuration and add-ins, offering streamlined user experiences and specialized tools to aid analysts in examining relationships and patterns and determining probabilities relating to the target's most likely course of action.
This press release features multimedia. View the full release here: https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005131/en/
Esri's Natalie Feuerstein, Defense and Intelligence Lead, showcases the Intelligence Configuration for ArcGIS Pro (ICAP). (Photo: Business Wire)
The scale, complexity, nature, and pace of modern conflicts require a new approach to delivering intelligence capabilities. For instance, when tracking smugglers who are crossing borders, an intelligence analyst has a mass of point locations — received through observations, sensors, and reports — and can use a spatial query in ICAP to filter for the relevant data and identify the smugglers' possible routes. The analyst can visualize the relationships between the people, groups, and objects, and determine the threat's likely course of action.
The capabilities in this new configuration include the following:
Link charts — Intelligence Configuration for ArcGIS Pro provides the ability to visualize entities and their relationships. This capability allows analysts to easily see, edit, and manipulate link diagrams of people, groups, and events that would otherwise be viewed in a table or on a map. In one single interface, analysts can see the complex relationships between different assets, with minimal data and little or no learning curve. The link chart is created dynamically based on the source data, which can be manipulated via the chart or the map. Conditions and alerts — To ease the burden of filtering and querying data to discover its value, ICAP provides a way for analysts to designate conditions based on a set of queries and then be alerted when these conditions are met. For instance, when a mortar activity is within 7 kilometers of a reported location, an alert notifies the analyst, and the activity is logged for further analysis. Data management — ArcGIS Pro already has many robust data management tools and workflows. To better support intelligence analysts, ICAP will bring the most commonly used data management tools to the forefront, placing widely used tools in a custom data management ribbon. In addition, ICAP introduces a tool that grabs files commonly used by the intelligence analyst (such as .shp, .kml and .kmz) and adds them to the map with the right symbology, including standard 2525 military symbology.
“Esri is very pleased to be making ArcGIS Pro customized for the needs of the intelligence community,” said Phil Suarez, intelligence support to operations at Esri. “Intelligence analysts have a specific set of needs, and they all contain the component of location. The unique configuration that ICAP brings to the intelligence community enables a more efficient and streamlined workflow for data gathering and analysis than has ever been possible.”
To learn more about the new Intelligence Configuration for ArcGIS Pro, visit go.esri.com/GEOINT2018_PR.
About Esri
Esri, the global market leader in geographic information system (GIS) software, offers the most powerful mapping and spatial analytics technology available. Since 1969, Esri has helped customers unlock the full potential of data to improve operational and business results. Today, Esri software is deployed in more than 350,000 organizations including the world's largest cities, most national governments, 75 percent of Fortune 500 companies, and more than 7,000 colleges and universities. Esri engineers the most advanced solutions for digital transformation, the Internet of Things (IoT), and location analytics to inform the most authoritative maps in the world. Visit us at esri.com.
Copyright © 2018 Esri. All rights reserved. Esri, the Esri globe logo, ArcGIS, The Science of Where, esri.com, and @esri.com are trademarks, service marks, or registered marks of Esri in the United States, the European Community, or certain other jurisdictions. Other companies and products or services mentioned herein may be trademarks, service marks, or registered marks of their respective mark owners.
View source version on businesswire.com:https://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005131/en/
CONTACT: Esri
Karen Richardson
Public Relations
Mobile: 914-841-3180
krichardson@esri.com
KEYWORD: UNITED STATES NORTH AMERICA CALIFORNIA
INDUSTRY KEYWORD: TECHNOLOGY DATA MANAGEMENT SOFTWARE SECURITY DEFENSE OTHER DEFENSE
SOURCE: Esri
Copyright Business Wire 2018.
PUB: 04/23/2018 06:00 AM/DISC: 04/23/2018 06:01 AM
http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20180423005131/en
WTS savage stainless long action magnum
Savage stagger feed stainless long action. Magnum bolt head. Accutrigger. Small shank. Comes with attached magazine box, follower and spring; trigger guard; action screws; recoil lug; barrel nut. Has some thread locker on top where bases were attached. Ships to your ffl from private seller. Can ship from my ffl to your ffl for extra $30 fee. $400 shipped.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Outgoing Secretary of State Rex Tillerson is meeting with CIA Director Mike Pompeo, the man President Donald Trump has chosen to replace him.
A State Department official says that Tillerson and Pompeo were sitting down at the department's headquarters in Foggy Bottom. The official wasn't authorized to comment by name and demanded anonymity.
It's the first known meeting between the two men since Trump fired Tillerson on Twitter and announced he was nominating Pompeo to replace him.
Pompeo also plans to meet Monday with Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Bob Corker of Tennessee. Corker's committee will eventually vote on whether to confirm Pompeo before his nomination goes to the full Senate.
Tillerson has already handed over all authorities to his deputy but remains secretary in name only until March 31.
United States' Christian Pulisic (10) gets past Panama goalkeeper Jaime Penedo (1) to score a goal during the first half of a World Cup qualifying soccer match, Friday, Oct. 6, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. (AP Photo/John Raoux)
ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) — Teenage star Christian Pulisic scored with a brilliant touch to complete a field-length attack just eight minutes in, then split the defense with a pass that set up Jozy Altidore for the first of the forward's two goals and put the United States back on track for next year's World Cup with a 4-0 rout of Panama on Friday night.
Pulisic fed Altidore for a 2-0 lead in the 19th. Altidore converted a penalty kick with a chip in the 43rd after Bobby Wood was fouled, and Wood added a goal in the 63rd.
The U.S. ended a three-match winless streak in qualifying and with 12 points and moved two points ahead of Panama into third place — the last automatic berth — in the North and Central American and Caribbean region. Honduras has nine points going into its match Saturday at Costa Rica, which is second with 15.
Goal difference means the Americans put themselves in great shape to reach an eighth straight World Cup, almost certainly with a win Tuesday at Trinidad and Tobago and likely with a draw if Honduras fails to win Saturday. The U.S. is plus-five to minus-two for Panama and minus-seven for Honduras.
The region's fourth-place team advances to a playoff next month against Australia or Syria.
"We could have finished better on the day and scored more goals," U.S. coach Bruce Arena said.
Playing his first international match since he turned 19 last month, Pulisic was moved to central midfield from the flanks by coach Bruce Arena and sparked the attack from the opening whistle with pace and ball control seldom seen from Americans.
After Gabriel Gomez broke free from Omar Gonzalez and shot over the crossbar, Tim Howard's goal kick was headed forward by Bobby Wood about 10 yards past midfield.
Altidore one-timed the ball ahead to on a sprinting Pulisic, and the midfielder reached back with his left leg to flick the ball ahead. Pulisic jumped to avoid Roman Torres' challenge and used the outside of his right foot to play the ball forward. As goalkeeper Jaime Penedo came off his line, Pulisic used the outside of his right foot again to play the ball wide and jumped over Pinedo's outstretched arm. At the edge of the 6-yard box and just 2 yards from the endline, Pulisic reached with his right foot to slot the ball in, completing a 112-yard U.S. move. Pulisic tumbled over as the ball rolled in for his eighth goal in 19 international appearances, his fourth in the hex.
Pulisic created the second goal when he played the ball between his feet and faked Michael Murillo on the left flank Pulisic broke ahead and fed Altidore, who split the center backs and redirected the ball in from 5 yards for his first goal of the hexagonal. At that point, Pulisic had played a part in 11 of the Americans' 14 goals in the hex.
After Wood and Altidore failed to convert good chances, Wood drew the penalty kick when he exchanged passes with Paul Arriola along a flank, broke past Felipe Baloy, spurted diagonally into the penalty area and was pushed down by Armando Cooper. As Pinedo dived to his left, Altidore chipped the ball down the center for his 41st international game.
Hacked down several times by Panamanians, Pulisic was removed in the 57th minute and walked out to a standing ovation from the sellout crowd of 25,303 at Orlando City Stadium, which opened in February,
Wood added his 10th international goal off a pass from Arriola.
Panama was trying to move into position to qualify for its first World Cup. The Panamanians were 90 seconds from advancing to a playoff against New Zealand four years ago, when Graham Zusi and Aron Johannsson scored late goals at Honduras, which dropped Panama behind Mexico and into fifth place.
Notes: All U.S. players stood at attention during "The Star-Spangled Banner" and all but Jozy Altidore and DeAndre Yedlin had their right hands over their hearts.
Problem with Ibrahim Magu and Lai Mohammed
THE COUNTRY Nigeria and the way things are done leave no one, especially outsiders wondering what kind of people are we. On a daily basis the country and its leadership court controversies and they are deeply enmeshed in them. The ‘Change' government of President Muhammad Buhari which the people's confidence initially resides now exudes disbelief […]
The post Problem with Ibrahim Magu and Lai Mohammed appeared first on Nigerian Pilot: Nigerian Newspaper.
This post was syndicated from Nigerian Pilot: Nigerian Newspaper. Click here to read the full text on the original website.
Follow us on Twitter @NigeriaTodayNG
Also, Like us on facebook
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Email
Google
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Skype
Pocket
Reddit
Print
Pinterest
Photo
KIEV, Ukraine — The former president of Georgia who became an opposition leader in Ukraine walked free on Monday after a court in the Ukrainian capital refused to authorize his arrest, and he vowed to push for a peaceful change of government.
The sudden turn of events for the former Georgia president, Mikheil Saakashvili, came three days after his arrest on allegations that he had colluded with Ukrainian businessmen tied to Russia to topple President Petro O. Poroshenko of Ukraine, accusations that Mr. Saakashvili rejected.
“I consider myself a prisoner of Ukrainian oligarchs,” he said in what appeared to be a reference to the business background of Mr. Poroshenko, who ran a chocolate business before he was elected.
Prosecutors had asked to keep Mr. Saakashvili under house arrest, but the judge turned down the request, prompting applause by Mr. Saakashvili's supporters.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The court's verdict was a defeat for Mr. Poroshenko, who has faced mounting criticism for his failure to uproot endemic corruption.
Two men have been arrested over a brawl in Washington between Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan's security personnel and protesters, and charges are planned against a dozen guards, police and a media report said on Wednesday.
The melee outside the Turkish ambassador's residence during Erdoğan's visit to the United States last month strained U.S.-Turkish relations. Eleven people were hurt in what Washington's police chief described as a "brutal attack" on peaceful protesters.
Washington police said in a brief statement that Sinan Narin of Virginia was accused of felony aggravated assault and misdemeanor assault. The second man, Eyup Yildirim of New Jersey, faces two felony assault charges and a misdemeanor assault charge.
Yildirim is in custody after an initial appearance before a federal magistrate in Newark, a spokesman for the U.S. Attorney's Office in New Jersey said by phone.
The police statement did not say if the men were supporters of Erdoğan, part of his security detail or protesters.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, This email address has already registered for this newsletter. Close
Two people, at least one of them a protester, had previously been charged. A video posted online showed men in dark suits chasing anti-government protesters and punching and kicking them as police struggled to intervene.
The Turkish Embassy did not respond to a request for comment on Wednesday. It has blamed the violence on demonstrators linked to the outlawed Kurdistan Workers Party, or PKK, which Turkey and the United States consider a terrorist group.
The New York Times reported that law enforcement officials planned to announce charges on Thursday against a dozen members of the Turkish president's security detail.
Washington Mayor Muriel Bowser and Police Chief Peter Newsham are scheduled to hold a news conference at 11:45 a.m. (1545 GMT) on Thursday to provide an update on the incident. The Justice Department did not respond to requests for comment.
In a statement, the State Department said it was committed to holding those responsible for the violence accountable." Any further steps will be responsive and proportional to the charges," it said.
The fracas in the streets of the U.S. capital brought condemnation from members of the U.S. Congress and city officials. The State Department has said it had made its concern known to Turkey "in the strongest possible terms."
The incident took place after Erdoğan met U.S. President Donald Trump.
The Coffey Library at Roane State Community College's Oak Ridge campus will host its annual “Love Your Library” book sale Tuesday, February 28, and Wednesday, March 1, from 9 a.m.-6 p.m. each day.
The sale will include fiction, non-fiction, hardback books, paperbacks, textbooks, cookbooks, foreign language, children's books, craft books, and more. Only cash and checks will be accepted. Checks need to be payable to the Roane State Foundation. Prices range from $1-3.
The campus is located at 701 Briarcliff Avenue. For more information, contact Christi Moss at (865) 354-3000, ext. 4739, or mosscl@roanestate.edu.
It's probably time for Prime Minister Justin Trudeau to tell his young followers that the “Canadian dream” no longer comes with a lawn.
Last week, Statistics Canada reported a big drop in the issuance of building permits for single-family homes in cities with populations greater than 10,000. Municipalities in June granted permissions for such structures at a seasonally adjusted rate that would yield 65,100 units in a year, the slowest pace since April 2009 and one of the weakest on records that date to 1960.
The decline is noteworthy because you'd think the stars were aligned for a boom in the construction of dream homes: the economy has been churning out jobs steadily for a year, real-estate prices are high, and interest rates are low. There should be lots of incentive for everyone involved to build, borrow, and buy. Yet that's not what's happening. Those high prices have become too much for normal people, especially in Vancouver and Toronto. Tighter lending standards are also forcing dreamers out of the market. And perhaps more importantly, city officials remain stingy with land and permits in the places where most people want to live. “Toronto is a gateway for new immigrants,” Quentin D'Souza, who runs a couple dozen rental buildings in the Greater Toronto Area, told me earlier this summer. “We don't produce enough new housing for all of those people.”
Since housing is mostly a local matter, you might be wondering why we need to drag the Prime Minister into this.
The answer depends on whether you think the federal government can play a catalytic role in forcing local authorities to confront national issues. Most (not all) agree that income inequality is one such issue. Trudeau certainly does. There is little that he or his cabinet ministers do that isn't justified by supporting the “middle class and those seeking to join it.” More generous childcare benefits, middle-income tax cuts, multi-billion-dollar infrastructure programs, and new free-trade deals all are necessary to keep Canada from becoming an unequal society, the federal government suggests.
All that is fine. Yet the main thing that is turning Canada into a more rigidly class-based society is the real-estate boom. For whatever reason, most Canadians see a mortgage as preferable to paying rent and maxing out their RRSP deductions and TFSA limits. But in most cities, a decent house is now something only rich people can afford. Vancouver is the world's third-most unaffordable city, after Hong Kong and Sydney, respectively; and Toronto is now the 13th most unaffordable, behind a group of usual suspects such as Auckland (fourth), San Francisco (ninth), and London (12th), according to the latest Demographia International Housing Affordability Survey. This is not the company that a country that believes in spreading the wealth ought to be keeping. If you don't think the housing boom is causing angst, then you missed the excellent reporting of Joe Castaldo and Catherine McIntyre in Maclean's earlier this year. As one half of a young couple that had been priced out of Vancouver told them, “You definitely feel like you've been left behind.”
Demographia, a St. Louis-based consultancy that opposes top-down urban planning, keeps its analysis of international housing affordability elegantly simple. It creates a “median multiple” by dividing the median house price in a given market by the median household income. Historically, Demographia says a multiple of three or less suggests normal people can afford a home. That's the base of its affordability scale. The maximum is five or higher, which is the point at which the survey describes housing as “severely unaffordable.”
Vancouver's multiple is 11.8 and Toronto's is 7.7; both scores are a point higher than 2015, suggesting median homes prices in each city increased by the equivalent of a full year's income in the span of 12 months. In fact, none of Canada's major cities is affordable: Montreal, Calgary, and Edmonton all are “seriously unaffordable,” with multiples higher than four. Demographia says Ottawa is “moderately unaffordable,” with a multiple of 3.9. This represents a “sea change,” according to the report; until recently, affordability outside of Vancouver had been fairly stable since the 1970s. “The health of the housing market has been deteriorating rapidly in Canada,” the report states.
Trudeau and his ministers know the urban middle- and upper-middle-class Canadians that form the core of their political constituency are sensitive about housing. At a semi-private speech in Montreal this spring, Finance Minister Bill Morneau said that as a member of Parliament and a Cabinet minister, he felt Canadians were “counting on you to ensure their home keeps its value.” Recall “David,” the everyman who appeared on the first page of Morneau's first budget in 2016: “Though he loved the community he lived in as a child, when it came time to buy his own family home, [David] had to look elsewhere. His old neighbourhood simply wasn't affordable.” Among the highlights of this year's budget was a promise to spend $11.2 billion on affordable housing.
Still, it's fair to ask whether Trudeau has any desire to bring real-estate prices back down to Earth.
Doing so would please the men and women Castaldo and McIntyre wrote about, and surely would be welcomed by those “seeking” the trappings of the middle class. At the same time, any attempt to depress prices would anger anyone who already owns a home, a massive voting block, considering ownership rates now approach 70 per cent. That could be why Morneau talks of “protecting” home values, rather than making housing more affordable. The federal government's housing strategy will help some people, but it will do nothing to alter price dynamics, especially as the money will be spent over a decade. Morneau initiated regulatory changes that make it more difficult to get home loans, but he so far has stayed away from sacred housing sops, such as the capital-gains exemption on primary residences and the ability of first-time buyers to use their tax-protected savings to purchase homes.
Demographia says Singapore and New Zealand are the only two countries that appear to be taking the issue of housing affordability seriously. (The organization's analysis is based on assessments of those two countries, along with Australia, Canada, Hong Kong, Ireland, Japan, the United Kingdom, and the U.S.) New Zealand is the more instructive example; its politicians appear to have accepted that home prices are off the charts for lack of supply. Space is dear on a tiny island, but New Zealand authorities have constrained it even more by constraining development. Canada is as guilty of this as any jurisdiction, whether it be restrictive zoning requirements in Vancouver or Ontario's safeguarding of green space in and around the Greater Toronto Area. The response of governments in Ottawa, Victoria, Vancouver and Toronto to the threat of a housing bubble has been almost entirely focused on gently squeezing demand rather than encouraging more supply.
By no means do I mean to give Demographia the final word on the subject. The outfit submits that sprawling Dallas-Fort Worth is a more livable city than Toronto because Dallas's inhabitants tend to have shorter commutes to work. That car-loving conclusion gives away Demographia's ideological bias. No doubt, an interesting argument could be had about whether a future of self-driving, electrically propelled automobiles could be as clean and efficient as better public transit. But only the purest free-market disciples would condemn attempts to make cities denser.
Canada's bigger municipalities are headed this way. In recent years, they have been encouraging developers to build up, rather than to spread out. Cities issued permits for multi-family dwellings at a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 169,600 in June, the fastest since October 2016. If we assume those permits turn into holes in the ground, Canada is putting up apartment complexes at the fastest rate since the early 1970s.
That's probably a good thing. It will increase the odds that urban Canadians will at least be able to find a suitable place to live. But will it make people happier? Ideology aside, Demographia has a point when it argues that Dallas beats Toronto also because more people in the Texas city can afford to buy a home. Canadians might prefer urban planning that put “people” ahead of “place.” Take another look at the historical pattern for building permits in that chart above. There was a time when Canada built more single-family homes than multi-family units. The relationship has reversed, and the gap between apartment living and the prospect of backyard barbecues has never been wider in Canada's cities.
Does any of this really matter? Robert Shiller, a Nobel laureate in economics, thinks it does. The Yale University professor says societies could rue allowing people to be priced out of their communities. “With people of various income levels increasingly divided by geography, income inequality can worsen and the risk of social polarization—and even serious conflict—can grow,” Shiller said recently in an op-ed for Project Syndicate. Inequality of income begets inequality of opportunity, which begets societal tension and political volatility. See: Donald Trump's America.
A generation of Canadians that took space for granted is now discovering that their future will be measured in 900 square feet or less. That needn't be a big deal, except as Castaldo and McIntyre showed earlier this year, it is a big deal for a lot of people. Will those people adapt and make the most of their lawn-less futures? Or will they grow to resent the lucky ones who owned homes at the beginning of the boom and the politicians who failed to keep prices under control?
At the moment, it appears Trudeau, Morneau and their counterparts in the provinces and on municipal councils are most concerned with helping the lucky ones. That's good news for the existing middle class. But if you are seeking to join it, you have reason to be disappointed.
